It sounds like a return to seller as unfit merchandise for a refund, or if they refuse: a lawsuit for breach of the implied warranties. An integral/not safely removable panel on a piece of finished/complete consumer video equipment product does not appear to be part of the packaging and does not remove by peeling it off with the hands. If you look at what is customary in the industry: You don't see monitors with a peelable surface that the consumer is suppo
&gt; The moral of this story is clearly never develop anything ever. Uhm, How about: *Develop code that uses well-defined stable interfaces* --- in other words, build your software on a solid foundation. For app (1) It sounds like the COM Automation being exercised is not a stable interface. For app (2) I don't understand --- if the program was written well using the standardized Java interfaces, then it should easily port to OpenJDK, and enterprises should be able to run under the next major versions of the free JRE just fine. (3) If you're writing a web app, then code against &lt;B&gt;Web Standards&lt;/B&gt;. Multiple browsers should be in the test cases. Deciding to be "Only IE11 compatible supported" or "Only Edge" -- is a deliberate and indefensible decision; That means your engineers are choosing to ignore the web standards and cobble together by any means a program that works under overly specific conditions --- its No longer a "Web Application" at that point: it is now an "Internet Explorer Application".
&gt; Oh BTW, refusing to pay the 50% abuse levy makes you liable for a &gt; 2000% levy if I have to take it to court. You can put the term in there, but if it comes to court, then its going to be a little tough to convince a judge that a 2000% "abuse levy" is reasonable + conscionable, (and therefore enforceable).
Even the enforceability of "50% abuse-me charge" may be challengeable. The clause in a contract deciding whether a surcharge changing the rate of service delivered would need to be written in some manner that the parties to the contract both know objectively when it applies, something likely to be rejected is anything that allows the vendor to "arbitrarily/unexpectedly change the rate" after service was already performed --- since the vendor would have written that language, then any ambiguity would be likely in court to go in favor of the customer.
&gt; And maybe set up a script to watch the network directory for new files and run them through OCR? Makes sense. There's BOUND to be a software solution to this. License and deploy a software solution to handle a scan postprocessing workflow of Correcting the scans, OCR and Autorotate, and then you can use cheap scanners that don't do it expensively in hardware.
&gt; The whole point of a three tiered architecture is to keep the core &gt; simple and predictable and do nothing Absolutely not "the whole point"; You forget the design fundamentals and the major reason for the layering and aggregating or subtending down, which is multiplying the capability of limited port counts and limited processor capability --- you could start looking at "Leaf and Spine" datacenters for the basic idea that the traditional Cisco 3-layer model is long dead, and in the future Software-Defined Networking virtualizes much of traditional topology away anyways. The three-tier concept was more important in the '90s when computing density and the port density on network gear was much less, so you **COULDN'T HELP** but have more layers --- for most real-world networks, layers are no longer necessary or just two will suffice. In building or designing a nework you classically needed to meet the requirement of connecting all your devices using fixed switches that had no more than 24 ports each and chassis devices that could only handle a few linecards --- meeting a SCALEABILITY requirement was also important: your network has to be able to grow or add more departments or additional devices to a department in the future - including being able to easily add interconnections to support the additional bandwidth required to support those devices; A design that only allowed a department to grow to 24 desktops, or only allowed a branch to grow to 24 departments would be a bad design. Then on top of scaleability, you wanted to add a **redundancy or resiliency** requirement -- For example: The network should be designed to avoid a widespread outage affecting more than 24 users being caused by failure of any single port, power supply, fixed switch, or module in a chassis switch. With the resiliency requirement and the need for aggregation; do it with pen and paper --- adding a second layer is one of the few ways that actually makes sense and looks reasonable and orderly on paper to satisfy "switches and links requiring protection"... THAT and THAT alone is the reason for adding the layers. Switches in the 1990s/2000s were mostly of the dumb Layer 2 variety- connecting separate equipment for routing was also a necessity- Policy enforcement needs to be done on a router looking at each packet--and most routers had very limited processor, so the packets per second per router would be limited - it would be essential to offload the processing of policy rules and routing decisions by moving the decision toward the edge of the network whenever possible, AND have separate routers for combining your traffic that spared the use of their CPU for forwarding only. Nowadays.... network equipment is very different, and you can find many different options to meet the needs of a network. If you CAN collapse the layers because of equipment changes since the 1990s and the processing capabilities and features of your gear without compromising scaleability, then you should consider it as a simplification and possible cost savings --- of course, this is not what network Vendor sales would like customers think about - they'd rather have more people buying some lower-end/more restricted core gear on top of their access gear purchase, but just saying... Tiers or layers are *NOT* true fault boundaries. A bug or misconfig in the IGP of an access switch will cause an outage just as readily a bug or mistake in the core. In a modern campus network or carrier network; the core is where backbone IGP routing and MPLS backbones exist and redundant interconnection occurs between core devices at different sites -- The frequent changes due to human inputs to traffic engineering and turning up new customers or tenant networks requiring addition of Tags or Labels occur involve core changes - the vast majority of fiber cuts affecting multiple nodes occur between a Core device and another Core device or a Core and Distribution device - Breaks between core device and aggregation equipment and breaks between Dist and Access switch at same branch office are rare - Breaks at access don't affect the network --- the core is literally speaking the **least** predictable and still most critical layer of a multi-tiered network. The layers are for scaleability and partly a reflection on the limitations of the throughput, CPU, and port capabilities of network equipment. Various network connection devices have a limited number of ports plus limited capabilities of processing packets, limited buffers MAC Address entries; the necessity for loop avoidance and limitations of STP among others. Processing includes the execution of QoS, ACL/Firewall, NAT, and other policy and routing decisions, forwarding. However, in 2018... there are expandable **chassis switching** solutions available for Ethernet networks which also provide routing capabilities, and have **Ample ports**. It is possible and potentially less expensive to have thousands of devices at a site plugged into line cards on a single shared router+switch without subtending down to a separate access layer, and totally fine to collapse the layers if your equipment has the processing capabilities.
Not really... FriendlyDespot said "the whole point" and then went on to describe an element that is not one of the reasons or motivations for three-tier networks and is also not true of real-world networks -- the core of the networks large enough to have separate core are nowhere near close to "simple and predictable" -- within context I read predictable as in 'deterministic', or exact flow of each packet could be charted in advance: carrier networks and other networks large and complex enough to justify having a core do not have a core having the property, and network core equipment absolutely does not "do no more than forward frames", either. Various control and management plane protocols such as RSVP, LDP and BGP or ISIS/OSPF, QoS have required configuration and execution in network cores just as widely as they are implemented in distribution, plus certain Policy routing and Firewall/filtering -- cores bind local IP interfaces to IP addresses which are internet-reachable IP addresses just like any router does, this is actually needed for end-user diagnostic purposes, so they can traceroute and ping core routers --- thus core also require Firewall rules and various policing mechanisms to help regulate traffic/protect against unauthorized management connections and DoS attacks directed at the core routers' IPs or targeted at their control planes. I could go on, because there are many more things cores must do and operators most frequently configure on their cores besides forwarding frames, but you should have a sufficient number of examples now.
Just to add confusion.... lets print "Any" in the upper lefthand corner of the key and "Space" below it. Now when DOS prompts them to "Press Any key" they'll start hitting Shift+Space instead
&gt; that no one under the CIO's influence had the keys. Because the building isn't owned by the company; its not located in part of the space they're renting, and has mostly equipment that belongs to either other companies or possibly the company that owns the building; there's no reason the tenant company or any of its employees, IT or otherwise have a right to keys or unsupervised access to that room..... they might have been able to negotiate direct access credential for certain trained personnel as part of their lease, but surely there would be severe penalties provided if their person with access screwed up. &gt; here is a reason that that door was locked One needn't look for a special reason. ALL maintenance closets and equipment rooms in commercial buildings should be kept locked and secure at all times, especially from possible access by the general public or random untrained personnel, to help prevent people stealing things from those areas and other criminal mischief. If members of the public could get in, they might hurt themselves or someone more nefarious might tamper with the circuit breakers, elevator controls, fire alarms, building physical access control system, security alarms, HVAC, etc. And the building owner is potentially reliable for the results of tampering -- someone slips in, starts pushing buttons, and accidentally mucks up the fire alarm, can even result in citations/penalties.
Maybe..... in the past. No guarantee it continues that way. I would suspect the statistics change if the number of applicants with less than 90% of the requirements eventually increases significantly because of people looking at at that posting -- think of it like quantum physics, by publishing the results you may change the results or set the stage for making the findings begin to no longer apply. Also.... what is the likely rate of success in interviews for someone who only meets 50% of stated have-to-have requirements? Probably depends on how well the requirements were written / how specific the requirements are to the needed role, and how flexible the company can be about modifying the role if most candidates can't fit.
&gt; You’re mostly right. However, I would be pissed if IT had zero &gt; access to the MPOP. Well, see, obviously IT doesn't have zero access... they can get in eventually to run a test on their own line as long as they stay away from the owner and other tenants' services/equipment. Its just limited access that must be on the building owner's terms -- requiring an appointment at a mutually-agreeable time and an escort - if the CIO upsets the facilities manager too badly... they could be having a significantly longer wait imposed upon them in the future when they need to get to the telco demarc for their service in the future.
&gt; they're under no obligation to give you the info/tools to build and &gt;sign your own firmware images which it sounds like you're really &gt; after. There IS an obligation. Even v2 of the GPL specifically requires distribution of source include the code (scripts) used to control the build and installation of the executable. The GPLV3 was aimed at closing TiVO-ization, but the GPLv2 should be enough to get the needed components for a company that hasn't strategized around the GPL and specifically implemented a TiVO-like end run around the GPL. &gt; The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work &gt; for making modifications to it. For an executable work, complete &gt; source code means all the source code for all modules it contains, &gt; plus any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used &gt; to control compilation and installation of the executable.
&gt; if the firmware needs to be digitally signed to be be accepted &gt; (highly likely) there is no obligation to provide the signing key. Um..... hasty conclusion. May defeat the reason the manufacturer wanted to digitally sign the code, BUT there's no security exception in the GPL that says "crypto keys" or "secret credentials" are allowed to be witheld from source code materials --- if that signature happens to be required in order to compile the working binary image which was distributed and a working one can't be easily generated by the end user, then that key can be said to part of the source code for that software distribution. Even the GPLv2 says ALL the source code needed to make that binary must be included. A symmetric key required to finalize the binary to runnable form is a critical element of the source code. &gt; However, if those steps are not scripted (i.e. producing a final &gt; firmware image requires some manual steps), there is no &gt; obligation to write such scripts for distribution or provide &gt; instructions for the manual process. The script is required to be included EVEN if the script consists of manual steps that a human has to execute. If there's NO script at all --- no written machine code, resource files, macros, or written instructions to allow a human to prepare the binary, then that would suggest the process is a very simple one anyone can figure out, and there are no complex artifacts like signing keys required.
&gt; The signing step could be technically argued that it is an external &gt; tool, just like the compiler, kernel, and so on Uhm, its exactly the same. If a signing tool reads GPL-covered input and spits out the executable output or an intermediate form required to create the executable output, then its a compiler, And all the configuration files, resource files, database files, etc, or other information assets that compiler requires to work are part of either the source code or the compilation script. External tools are ONLY excepted if they are "normally distributed with the major components of the operating system on which the executable runs". Note that in particular proprietary Tools or Assets specific to the developer are Not excepted, for example: if the manufacturer compiled the executable from GPL-covered code using an in-house compiler, that compiler is not excepted from the requirement to include the in-house compiler and asset files in source form. So if a manufacturer is providing source that when built can't run on their hardware due to them not providing a tool or other assets/resource files necessary to compile a modified binary that will run .... the author of that GPL code could almost certainly send them Cease and Decist for infringement on failure to provide the complete source code.
Good job on that.... on the other hand we don't necessarily have to see the bitting to recognize what's probably a CH751
&gt; That binary is perfectly functional before you sign it. Obviously not, since production hardware may be coded to only accept files signed by the manufacturer. Anyways, it doesn't even matter whether its "functional before you sign it" --- signing the distribution is a modification, and the GPL requires the source code for all modifications to the binary; in this case the machine-readable source code would involve the keys that were required to create the signature as well as any signing programs. &gt; you may have to do something to allow execution of unsigned &gt; binaries or to sign it with your personal private key and add your &gt; public key to the device's whitelist. The manufacturer doesn't necessarily provide a way to do so. If signing with YOUR KEY or a Key different from the manufacturer's key causes a different outcome, then there is a fundamental difference in the source code (the keys) used to produce that signed binary, and the GPL requires the manufacture distribute the **actual source code** used to make the executable; not merely instructions for you to generate your own keypair that won't result in an equally-functioning distributable executable. Even if the hardware allows the end user manually whitelisting their own keypair; it doesn't have the same functionality as software signed by the manufacturer -- since your end user cannot redistribute/share the software with other users, those other users would also have to modify their hardware to allow the key, Therefore, the source code the manufacturer provided could not produce the binary with equal functionality to the binary distributed by the manufacturer. &gt; If you had to include the private key with your code there would &gt; not be a point in signing it because every unscrupulous jerk with &gt; an internet connection would be posting binaries signed with the &gt; vendor's key Its a perfectly sane outcome that the point to signing is rendered moot and that most forms of Code Signing are GPL-Incompatible. However, you can still create advisory signatures of the .ZIP files you use to distribute your software that are enforced by the end user and not related to the executable code. If you want an Open Source software license that was made after code signing was a thing and considers it specifically instead of your Secret Keys being just part of the source code then try the GPLv3. Maybe, just maybe... there is No point to signing executables. Malicious actors circumvent signing or compromise legitimate signing keys all the time. Its mainly security theatre. From the OSS standpoint its an area ripe for abuse, so it makes sense to simply continue to disallow signed binaries using secret keys not included in the source distribution.
Perhaps Youtube will begin to get the message if you sue for the Diverted Ad Money PLUS unspecified damages from any other claims by that BigCompany claimant related to that creator's content PLUS the copyright infringement and contributory actions by the claimant knowingly facilitated by Youtube.
Its bad customer service. Notice probably written by one of the employees manning the support line. Also, if they implemented their service properly all maintenance would be non-customer-affecting; in 2018 there are very few valid excuses for having a cloud-based consumer service (such as VPN) inoperative due to "maintenance".
Its not "What Youtube considers" - and "its only $0.00001" would be a frivolous argument -- its what the court considers; the plaintiff gets to discover from YT the viewing information/claims history on certain work, and then the Plaintiff gets to decide how much they value the loss at Per Viewer per Viewing-Minute of their content; For the willful infringement (which are Willful because Youtube provided an "appeal" button and acknowledge their decision); the statutory damages would be a minimum of approximately $50k and maximum up to $150,000 per work.
Then you require only company software be used to work on the files AND you deploy an [Office escrow key](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/deployoffice/security/remove-or-reset-file-passwords-in-office#overview-removing-or-resetting-a-file-password-in-office-2016-using-the-docrecrypt-tool) using group policy. &gt; Previously, if the original creator of a file password either forgot &gt; the password or left the organization, the file was rendered &gt; unrecoverable. By using Office 2016 and an escrow key, which is &gt; generated from your company or organization's private key &gt; certificate store, an IT admin can "unlock" the file for a user and &gt; then either leave the file without password protection, or assign a &gt; new password to the file. You, the IT admin, are the keeper of the &gt; escrow key which is generated from your company or &gt; organization's private key certificate store. You can silently push &gt; the public key information to client computers one time through a &gt; registry key setting that you can manually create or you can &gt; create it through a Group Policy script. When a user later creates &gt; a password-protected Word, Excel, or PowerPoint file, this public &gt; key is included in the file header. Later, an IT pro can use the &gt; Office DocRecrypt tool to remove the password that is attached to &gt; the file, and then, optionally, protect the file by using a new &gt; password.
&gt; hope they don't know what PGP is and didn't paste it inside a &gt; passworded word doc PGP when the install is done appropraitely Supports Key Escrow to IT as well through [PGP Key Management Server](https://www.symantec.com/content/en/us/enterprise/fact_sheets/b-pgp_key_management_server_DS.en-us.pdf) That also highlights why the written policy about using Only encryption and password manager software installs approved by IT is important as well as close monitoring and swift/early enforcement against any violators encrypting company property with keys not properly escrowed must be immediately met with corrective actions and a company disciplinary response with stern warnings/up to and including termination with cause. *Ensuring every file can still be recovered by IT/management*, even without the cooperation of the owner of the file (In case th employee was terminated or unavailable) is a very important consideration before allowing cryptography to be employed.
&gt; I supplied my own router the Netgear Nighthawk AC1900 &gt; advertised for 1.9Gbps so it can’t be that That's not how this works. Your XX Brand router's advertised speed is not necessarily a real world number with the same workload as what you are doing. Even if your router can handle an aggregate of 2 Gigabits of traffic with certain workloads --- your workload is not necessarily that workload. Probably also 1 Gigabit of traffic coming in from the internet/WAN plus 1 Gigabit of that traffic being routed out to your local LAN = 2 Gigabits total traffic on the router ---- thats how some vendors commonly do it so a 1-Gigabit router can handle WAN traffic in both directions totalling 500 Megabits. That's not necessarily the speed each individual TCP/IP connection gets, so even if you have 1-Gigabits... many actual Speed Tests are actually going to show less, because they only use 1 TCP connection, or perhaps a few, and individual connections are in a "Long Fat Pipe" scenario, where TCP itself limits the throughput, and one individual connection or session can't use the full bandwidth.
&gt; Laptop Details - HP Model 17-ca0xxx, AMD Radeon(TM) R5, x64, 6gb ram. Not worth nearly $700. Return to QVC as nonconforming or [non-merchantable](https://consumer.findlaw.com/consumer-transactions/what-is-the-warranty-of-merchantability.html) goods.
Yeah... look at how this space is being used. The author should learn CSS better or use a better CSS text editor and then won't need a CSS documentation window very often. Viewing the stylesheet and the HTML file simultaneously also isn't necessary -- these can be files in different editor tabs. An IDE will let you use shortcut keys to jump straight b/w CSS and the HTML elements referring to the CSS, and provide tools for making it faster to work with the CSS - such as "Color pickers", and Auto completers that facilitate creating bits of code from boilerplate or GUI methods that accelerate the speed much more than more monitors could. As for that Powerpoint window with the design mockups... Uhm: print out design mockup if you need to refer to it, and close that window while you're working on the HTML code. There, no real need for multimonitor --- although it may still be nice to have and can be used to improve productivity for some situations; if you have good software tools and you know how to use them, for this particular situation -- having the right editing software is a bigger boon than having the monitors..
Having a reference is fine, but something major is wrong with your choice of editor or knowledge of the language if you have the reference documentation constantly on screen, or you look something up more than 2 or 3 times. In that case
The guidance is worth considering, but that paragraph speaks a little too highly regarding what is accomplished. &gt; because the account is local, it cannot be used to compromise &gt; other computers or access domain resources. The local account can be used to compromise the local computer and then perform a lateral attack - because the local account is admin it has the ability to turn the workstation into a hacker beachhead on the network or a "credential-stealing trap", for example: install malware as a service that runs as a local SYSTEM account ---- the malware then contains covert tools that work to capture credentials used to login to that computer - for example by logging keystrokes and attempting to exfiltrate/steal cached hashes or affecting login services to steal actual credentials whenever someone else logs into that computer that is already running the malware. Anyways, the compromise of the 1 local account can instantly lead to the compromise of the creds for all users that login to the machine --- including the user's domain creds and other desktop support Administrators' domain credentials at a later date (when they use them to login to that workstation for support reasons --- perhaps to answer a user request unrelated to the malware - since stealth malware can go for months or years undetected, and is a major reason desktops should ideally be re-imaged on a periodic basis and always before assigning to a new user).
&gt; if an internal used in your organization is competent and willing &gt; enough to exploit a breach like that Didn't mean to imply its necessarily an inside attacker. Clueless user may be persuaded through social-engineering to launch a file containing malware as the local admin user. But inside attackers with admin access SHOULD be part of the company's overall risk model as well. &gt; 2. Your biggest problem isn't in IT but in HR. Well... HR cannot do much before the fact that an inside attacker exists is discovered. &gt; 1. Not having admin won't stop them. Of course not having admin won't stop an inside attacker. That's not the objective that witholding admin privs to local user workstations is intended to accomplish ---- witholding admin is primarily to prevent accidental compromise. To defend against insider attacks you need to sequester data inside applications and outside end-user physical control using secured systems, network segmentation, and encryption; Utilize a model where by design sensitive data is never stored to user workstation -- Two Factor Login to applications, maintain secured audit log repository of user and administrator activity -- that is regularly checked for anomalies or overly suspect actions, and employ methods such as Honeytoken entries in databases, sensitive files, systems, etc, and Leak Detection solutions, for starters.
The North Pole Operating company that creates, stores, manages, and processes the list is outside of the EU's jurisdictional area, so the operation that collects the data and builds his list is not governed by the GPDR, and on Christmas eve, when he's delivering toys -- there is no data processing that occurs, so there's nothing that occurs which is both within the scope of the GPDR and within the purview of the EU.
&gt; forcing the people who simply want to do what's best/easiest &gt; for them in the short term to comply will always need a state. An unproven assumption. You assume that 'forcing' is necessary or even good to get desired results. Other systems might be capable of being conceived to provide incentives and disincentives strong enough to compensate for the "otherwise easiest in the short term" factor. It doesn't necessarily have to be a central authority given power to allocate incentives and penalties.
&gt; The State Department has been cracking down on tech companies &gt; doing business with Iranian nationals, which is not only sanctioned However... sanctions apply to trade, such as paying or receiving money in exchange for goods. With regards to communications and keeping data: there are First Amendment rights of the US citizens and US companies which prohibit the government from restricting the sending and receipt of communications, even with people in Iran, and even if they would prefer to suppress those communications. Last I check most Slack user identities are for sending communications, they are not in the business of selling unrelated services, and most accounts don't engage in trade with Slack at all: the 1st amendment means the US government actually can't require that Slack turn off access for these accounts to login and send messages on their platform. Slack, Facebook, Twitter, etc, can still Block users from Iran, but other than accounts paying them or receiving is their choice. Due to the First Amendment's protection against any prior restraint on Free Speech, their hands cannot be forced on the matter --- and any ``sanctions'' must get revised to comply, otherwise the sanctions are unconstitutional.
&gt; I fondly recall the US declaring cryptography a munition. And this lead to some interesting court cases culminating in [Bernstein v. the U.S. Department of State](https://www.britannica.com/event/Bernstein-vs-the-US-Department-of-State) -- where the DoD chickened out and altered the regulations, then declared they would not even enforce their regulations, to avoid an adverse ruling for the EAR regulations violating the 1st Amendment.
Next question.... will the government be knocking on the doors of the IRC Networks insisting that they must delete NickServ/Chanserv reservations of "Iranian guests" and K:line their IP addresses" ?
Sounds like a use case for having some geofencing feature on the cellular hotspots to prohibit service being used while in the vicinity of the office or home where WiFi should be available to prevent accidental/mistaken usage. Better yet would be if the cell phone companies would let you install a picocell or microcell and have all data usage free for users of the company running the cell and providing the backhaul internet connection.
Simple.... if they're at a site that is supposed to have company WiFi and there's an outage, then they need to notify IT about the problem, and their manager or IT makes a decision whether that employee can be given $todays_passcode and excepted from the normal rules for a few hours to use cellular data for what they're doing, Or whether they have to wait for IT to fix it, and they can only use the cellular data when doing their work at remote sites that have no network facilities at all.
F yes. Before giving. Print a duplicate of the gift wallet on an archival-quality material, fold it up, put it in an opaque plastic wrapper, and place in a heavy duty high-security envelope with their name on it; mail it to yourself via your own private PO Box address -- make a note that it is their backup, and put it in your safe. Add a copy of the public key to your wallet for monitoring, and when they spend the coins away --- burn the envelope, otherwise keep it safe. You're just introducing them to crypto --- its ultimately their responsibility to research and secure the gift if they intend on holding it for the long term and expected future value, but don't make it easy for them to accidentally screw themselves if they do nothing with the keys and just lose them.
Unless say, for example, the browser lacks the minimal HTML5 and JavaScript canvas support required in order to appropriately render the form, then there will be no way to submit it from the nonconforming web browser.
&gt; Nowadays switching power supplies doesn't care about &gt; input voltage (in 100-230V rms range) Unless its a super-cheap switching power supply that has a very limited voltage range that tolerates to the US (or EU) voltage only --- the support for the full range 100 - 240V is not inherent to all switching supplies; it is a design choice, and a common one, but there are some exceptions. For example.... the WiiU power brick is identified as a switching supply --- some plugsets are 100 - 240V universal, and some are US only. I know someone who didn't check. Visited Vietnam. Got a plugset adapter to plug it in, and the 220 volts burnt out the power supply.
I'm not trying to defend the choice or anything, but probably --- a marketing team creative director has decided on what they call the "perfect look" for the form using tools such as Adobe Illustrator. The web team is to make the form as viewed from a supported browser look EXACTLY like the Illustrator form and submittable online (no PDF), And Flash has also been deprecated, so the major option is to use HTML5 canvas and JavaScript to draw the form elements on the screen to the desired positions. If the browser isn't up to current standards regarding HTML5 and JavaScript, then the form won't work at all. Its a valid choice though ---- Bootstrap/Angular are popular, and MANY websites also rely on frameworks such as jQuery now or basic functionality won't work - filling out the job form on some websites isn't the only thing you'll be unable to do with an outdated browser; you'll probably find many web-based services aren't usable, or you can't login to online bill pay/account management without downloading the mobile app.
&gt; And why is the damn cable so thick? Because there are 17 insulated conductors, and a portion of those should be able to carry at least 5 Amps in order for USB PD to work without melting the cable and starting a fire.
&gt; Oh, and he can't have downtime. "Sorry, we're booked solid during that time. We can offer you the choice between updating during the business day or delaying the update until January 5th."
Seriously..... time to create your own private wired LAN in your own apartment, and your own separate private WiFi SSID --- on a device with an option to route (not bridge) from one WiFi network to another WiFi network, using the "Shared" WiFi as WAN only.
What you want to do is get from your landlord is a way to connect your wired equipment to the network, many common devices are wired-only, or WiFi is unreliable, for example: A Nintendo Switch or PS3/PS4 --- for the Switch you need an all-wired connection for reliable connectivity, and the PS3/PS4 don't even have the ability to connect using WiFi. Once you've GOT the wired connection.... you can then change it up so you are plugging your own private router in, and using your own private SSID, instead.... voila, no more shared network.
&gt; (Also some mac adresses may “accidentally” have been blocked.) If you have your own (Layer-3) router/firewall, then the only MAC address they will see is the MAC address of your router's Outside interface.
"Cutting out support for other storage providers" would be a violation of fiduciary duties -- VMware was a public company, which means it had shareholders invested in it other than EMC. It's very illegal for a publicly traded company to deliberately take steps that would immediately destroy the value of the company and harm the shareholders, even if it provides a business advantage to a major controlling shareholder. VMware has many customers that use non-EMC storage solutions as well that they would be losing --- and they would have no way to justify cutting them out, since all the storage providers are connected using industry-standard protocols. For example: Just because you have a controlling share in a company, doesn't mean you may pay out a discriminatory dividend that gives only yourself a payment but others don't receive a payment in proportion to their share.
&gt; It might just be that the way you work is easy on your managers, &gt; and they just prefer working with you because of that. Well, these traits correspond to the "Soft" skills; the ones many people stick on their resume with no proof which are very relevant, but few of the people that list said skills necessarily have said skills. These are great skills to be complimented about, because the ability to work with others including your manager is said to be looked at more favorably than technical aptitude alone. &gt; I don't complain unless it's an actual problem, If your boss compliments you on this; I imagine this means others in your department have new complaints every week. Also, your boss sounds like a gem, and probably a great personal reference to capture for applying to future positions later. I believe that's also known as "Good at maintaining work focus, positive attitude, and avoiding minor distractions." &gt; I solve most of my issues myself within the boundaries of our &gt; corporate infra, "Works well independently with minimal supervision." &gt; and I don't kick up a fuss if I'm handed someone else's problem. That's what everyone wants to say about themself.... "Team Player" Just about every other person puts that phrase on their resume, but then in real world, ask someone for help with what they think "some other role's job", and watch the blood boil....
Honestly, I think you've done more than enough... This isn't an app for a mobile device or website, and [flat buttons suck](https://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/09/05/flat_uis_designs_are_22_per_cent_slower_official/). The project started off with something simple and easy to use, and you're trying to make the UI more bloated and harder to use, why?
Actually... showing a legal firearm in online video is fine. The excerpt from Twitch Community Guidelines states: &gt; **Use of weapons to** physically threaten, intimidate, harm, or kill others Merely displaying a (legal) gun would not fall under that banned content criteria. Matter of fact: Many first-person shooter games are popular to stream which often include highly realistic displays, photos, or other art showing firearms and other weapons --- simply not being used to threaten, harm, or intimidate any person.
&gt; ... got banned for showing a bb gun that looked like a That person's final stream was 3 years ago when a completely different Twitch Code of Conduct that was published in effect at the time which also had much broader language about weapons as in "Brandishing weapons" was prohibited --- and they ***definitely*** brandished, as in, waved around in a careless manner while joking about this and calling it a real weapon. This was beyond merely displaying a firearm, and what was occurring was threatening behavior, and would have actually been illegal brandishing and reckless behavior with a firearm if done in public or in view of other people. The anecdotal evidence does not say much. Twitch does not so far publicly disclose reasons for the bans their moderators enact: so, the actual reason is unclear, as that person's final stream contained more than one thing that could have been the subject of action by Twitch admins.
Twitch Terms of Service are up to you or your trusted legal advisor to interpret for your situation, Or you can contact Twitch to request an official clarification to your question. That said, I believe the answer will be NO may not technically, and even if it was allowed on Twitch, it would probably be inadvisable. Community Guidelines reference: &gt; Self-Destructive Behavior &gt; Any activity that may endanger your life or lead to your &gt; physical harm is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: &gt; suicide threats, intentional physical trauma, ***illegal use of &gt; drugs,*** In spite of state law condoning the use of drugs for medical purposes: the fact remains that under the Federal law ***the use, manufacturing, possession, and distribution*** of Marijuana is illegal -- and the federal laws supercede state laws, so the use by a medical patient could still be considered "illegal use" under the US law, and Twitch staff might (or might not) choose to respond according to the federal law- ignoring the state approval. As far as I can tell: people who purchase and possess weed anywhere in the US even for intended medical purposes are violating the federal law, even if the state you live in currently declines to enforce the federal law, and even if the federal law enforcement departments choose not to pursue this behavior at the current time (due to higher priorities) --- law enforcement bodies have discretion regarding which suspected crimes they investigate. However.... if a person were to publicly flaunt the federal law by spreading videos showing their participation in activity on the internet, then the potential exists this could provoke investigators to pursue that one case. It would be strongly recommended to consult with a professional lawyer for formal legal advise and/or contact Twitch staff for an official response before even considering.
What is your reference/source of information for the requirement that a stream must be "Marked as 18+" to show usage of drugs or medications: The [community guidelines](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/) says nothing of this. Do you have an explanation of where that came from to confirm this, or perhaps a link to the policy or terms document on Twitch's help site with the language stating this requirement? As far as I see, there is no such marking or option to identify a stream as "18+" on Twitch. In fact ***Adults-Only (AO)*** rated content is specifically prohibited in the community guidelines. From an ESRB standpoint, everything is at most T(een) or M(mature) 17+, then Twitch provides a flag for the Mature content, which is also required for the educational content exception of the [sexual content](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/sexualcontent/) policy.... " for conversations about Sex, Nudity, and other mature topics ... that are intended to be educational and otherwise comply".
&gt; This can be considered brandishing ... which is what is actually Twitch's code of conduct back in 2016 mentioned brandishing. They rewrote and removed that language from the policy when the ToS became community guidelines, and today it says something completely different. Of course... brandishing a firearm which is something that occurs in public or in a manner that other people find threatening to their safety.... Or even in private swinging a gun around in an obviously reckless and unsafe manner is actually something that is a criminal misdemeanor at least in most states, and also quite dangerous, so going beyond merely displaying and actually "playing" with a weapon in a ridiculously unprofessional manner -- Sure, I would expect Twitch to act based on their policies about breaking the law and self harm. That is not about "showing" a weapon on-stream --- it is about carelessly misusing a weapon as if it were some kind of prop.
Crap: My domain name got registered with Network Solutions instead of the FCC, oops. Does that mean I have been scammed?
Different strategies... The FCC nickel and dimes you, and Oracle quarters and dollars you. /s By the way, did you go get a new registration for your Hard Drive, CPU, RAM, MB, and Power Supply after that latest Windows update? You do realize that changing the component voids the original registration, right? /s
It sounds like that could be a cool/interesting concept for someone to try. To be clear: Can't say for sure that it would be fine, only that nothing in current policy as written states that it should be disallowed, and those here that said Twitch had an issue with it did not produce any current official reference or good information to support the contention that Twitch doesn't allow legal physical weapons to be shown at all on a stream (not being handled, or being handled in a safe, controlled manner that wouldn't threaten or concern people).
This was a highly specialized computer product that was built from independent processing modules with no shared components (not even the main memory).... So yeah, you could hot swap a module that contained the CPU and memory, but that was because the system was completely distributed with an architecture involving each instruction executing in tandem on a pair of processing modules, so that the failure of a CPU or memory corruption would isolate the module and leave the system uninterrupted.
This isn't hot swapping -- this is standby components; for example, the system memory is mirrored, and upon failure the failed FRU will be turned off while the standby unit takes its place the failed FRU can be removed. The FRU marked failed is no longer "hot" -- as in actively being used or depended upon by other system components. On the other hand: yanking a live component that has not been failed/turned off ahead of the moment being physically ejected is not supported and might cause a system crash (or potential damage) -- even on these boards that provide the possibility for mirrored standby memory, etc.
This is the plight of most affiliate channels, unless you happen to have enough viewers and be lucky enough to go live when the spare resources are available, then there may be no transcoding. If the content being streamed can reasonably be consumed by viewers (without major problems) at a lower output resolution and bitrate for the video, then its probably most kind to the viewers to lower those as much as possible (according to the [broadcast guidelines](https://stream.twitch.tv/encoding/) ) while transcoding is not available to the stream. Unfortunately, the dilemma is that no transcoding means its "one size fits all" --- the video quality will be lower, even for those viewers whose internet connection would be capable of handling the higher output resolution and bitrates.
&gt; Servers should already be able to purchase it for a couple dollars &gt; a year. I agree with your sentiment. But, well, it does cost them "something" --- actually, the whole operation of running Discord has to cost money, and if they want to stay in business, then they are going to have to monetize it somehow. Its fine to offer perks for money, but it shouldn't require buy-in 50 boosts x $5/month = $3000/year for things that are pretty basic amenities that anyone would want and aren't expensive in themself. Kind of like running a hotel where everybody stays for free. But if you want to use the toilet, then the toilet paper costs $50 a night, and if you want to use the shower, then getting hot water costs $200 a night, and if you want to add a soft mattress and some pillows on top of your bed, then look out.... The boosts thing is cool and could work; I would just recommend making it a lot less expensive for servers to get the boosts than they are thinking, and find some more unique perks than custom Emoji and Voice bitrate... (128 Kilobits should be CD-Quality.. how many people really care about HD Audio for chatting?).
I suppose a major difference with usernames: is the vanity URLs are pretty much used in only one place -- invite links; to make it easy to remember and give other people the link to your server verbally, for example, and squatters are likely to be much less interested in trying to resell something that requires an annual fee to maintain. Hoarding usernames on social media platforms is almost free --- you can register 1000 names, and if you only manage to resell 0.1% for $10000, then there is a profit, but if you had to pay $20/year for every username, then you spent $20,000, so you actually are more likely to lose than gain money trying to hoard vanity names which don't have a high demand and great economic value to begin with: suppose your server is about Apples, then most people would probably settle for "AboutApples" or "Apple1" rather than pay $10,000 to a scalper. My suggestion would be to again require more qualifications as only a barrier to entry to initially obtain a good vanity name, but once the name belongs to the server, then a $20/year or so renewal per extra name ought to be able to keep the **existing** vanity name --- If that server is still active, then I would urge not pulling the rug out from under them and start showing an error page in a month: just because a couple of Nitro users left that server, etc. Permanent benefits are also MUCH more enticing than benefits that have a substantial risk of surprisingly vanishing in a month or so. Another thought/alternate suggestion that would work is: open up vanity names to any server, but reserve all "Premium" vanity names and Common names from the dictionary such as "apple" or "pear" for those servers that are Partner servers, or reach a certain number of active users, or boosting users, or whatever criteria is chosen. This would also work with the "Boost Levels" system; for example -- Boost Level 1 could open up a certain category of vanity names, and higher Boost Levels could provide access to the highest most "valuable" category of names, such as 3 and 4-letter words. I mean, some Vanity names would be more valuable than others, and yet those that are at least 12 characters long and don't match a word in a fairly long set of dictionaries could be `open'; 4 or fewer characters or in a shorter wordlist could be "super premium", etc. This is what some of the internet domain registries do... upon launch, they include a set of dictionaries of reserved internet domain names, For example:. A dictionary of 5000 names between 4 and 8 characters that have something like 10 times the cost to initially register, a dictionary of names longer than 8 that have a slightly increased cost, and a list of names shorter than 4 characters having 100 times the cost.
The bundles are often a good deal, so I would say no major downside to trying it out. That said I would probably stick with OBS Studio, SLOBS or OBSLive and just consider it a fun experiment to try out other software as well, because you see that year will run out, and then at some point you will be paying just for the software (if you decide to keep using that). And yes... for sure the OBS option has more versatility that could be found with XSplit, but on the other hand, you may find the other software easier to use and a better experience and more native integrated capabilities within XSplit --- or you may enjoy its user interface better. Not necessarily worth its price tag, but that is also a subjective quality... Clearly. Some Twitch streamers use XSplit, and some use OBS: I mean, there is no real objective truth that absolutely SLOBS or XSplit is better than the other at this point.
It is difficult to say, because I (and probably others here) have not had to make a request through that ticketing system any time recently -- let alone cancel one - Discretion and careful consideration before opening a request in the first place is strongly recommend: unless there was a recent change, then no way for an end user to "automatically" close a ticket. If you received an email link to view a webpage showing the ticket (or you can access a ticket display page through your browser by any means), then use the link to check the ticket in your web browser, and see what options/actions are shown that you are offered to take. Most likely you will have no options shown to close your ticket, cancel, or change status, But they might have an option where you can add an additional comment to the existing issue requesting to Close/Withdraw your request.
Viewers can speed the video by up to 2X through the options in the video player. To show content at a faster rate by default or faster than 2X, then you will need to use the original source material from either a local recording (or download the VOD), and then use a video editor tool to build a new video with modified source material (such as to cut frames from the source or "play the source at a faster rate"). There are some online video editing tools, but I believe intended for short clips -- a 24 hour stream at a typical bitrate is going to be a large file on the order of multiple gigabytes. If you are prepared to try an advanced solution that may be difficult to get working, then using open source [ffmpeg](https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/How%20to%20speed%20up%20/%20slow%20down%20a%20video) to convert the video with some filters may be a possible solution for simply transforming the speed. Failing that, the most suitable/easiest-to-use option here for most people wanting to produce content with timing and other aspects changed is going to likely be to use full-fledged desktop video editing software that will provide a Point and Click interface towards making adjustments, filters, etc, and in that, if you are downloading the Vod to edit and upload a faster version: one of the editing software programs such as PowerDirector, iMovie, Premiere, etc, that will import pre-MP4 encoded source materials, And make sure changing the speed of content is a feature the editor has.
Um.. What makes you believe you may be getting DDoSed while streaming? It is fairly unlikely to be DDoSed as an individual internet user, and if you are: layering a VPN on top will not necessarily do anything to prevent this; the underlying IP endpoint is still subject to the possibility of being hit with an attack, both directly, or even through the VPN. This is assuming you are not publishing your IP address in a visible form on stream and/or taunting script kiddies who may have a capability and set of tools prepared to launch attacks --- Twitch itself will not reveal your IP address to people. Making the connection from your computer to Twitch servers happen over a VPN without a very good reason seems ill-advised. Generally this will compromise performance and add another point of failure. If you are running Peer to Peer games, or using on an untrusted network such as Guest WiFi, then sure, a VPN will help you secure access, and you could hide your IP address for the peer to peer based applications. As to maintaining performance over a VPN: you need a VPN appropriately situated network-wise between you and the servers you are utilizing, so when picking VPN providers --- look for one that provides you the ability to select from servers at different geographic locations. The latency is the greatest concern. 3 down / 2 up is still plenty of bandwidth to play a game over, so long as the Latency and Loss rates are acceptable. Although its probably inadequate for sending a video stream over that tunnel, also.
From the sounds of it; you were likely not DDoSed, But simply normal-DoSed by an in-game kiddie --- since your game uses a Peer to Peer topology, then other people you are playing with can discover your IP address. A VPN solution can provide some protection for your own internet connection -- you can limit the impact of minor DoS, or if your VPN provider will firewall this off, using the VPN provider as a sacrificial lamb to take the brunt of an attack: Your VPN connection might go down interrupting your gameplay, but the stream should be safe --- providing you route only the game through the VPN and not the stream. Make sure the VPN you are using supports this kind of game, because some kinds of peer to peer based games require port forwarding and/or handle shared IP addresses badly --- many inexpensive VPNs Don't provide you with a dedicated IP, you may be bounced off a shared server. Rather than looking at Upload/Download bandwidth (Which 2 megabits up/down is plenty for most games); you'll want to look at Ping latency/loss and test out performance of the actual game.
Good afternoon, submissions to r/Twitch should pertain in some way to Twitch.tv (A gaming/creative live video broadcasting/streaming-related website). Its unlikely that many people here would be able to answer your question, and its kind of way off-topic: I would suggest perhaps r/AskDocs or some other health-related subreddit as much better subs to submit your question.
&gt; can I view everyone or a specific person who has subscribed? &gt; Thanks. Not really, no. While the public can see announcements of subs and resubs shared by users: there is no UI for the public to see subs of a channel on Twitch, and the Twitch API that allows applications to perform this function requires an auth token to the channel owner's account with a certain scope in order to get the list of subscribers. "The scope for this subscriber end point is channel_subscriptions" https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/v5/reference/channels/#get-channel-subscribers So its also possible to make or use an application, bot, or web-based to list subs or check if a user is a sub, for example: a channel bot could check if a chatter is a sub. But in order to do that, the bot, website, or tool possesses an authentication token to the channel owner's account. So a moderator of channel cannot do this: Unless someone makes a 3rd party tool that allows moderators to do this, And the channel owner chooses to take steps to authorize the 3rd party tool.
&gt; Lets just say she did not take it too well, and actually had me &gt; stop it and take a break (I just started up again last night). Honestly, this is a relationship Red Flag suggesting that prospective partner may be overcontrolling: that you have found something you potentially enjoy and/or just want to look into, and the fiance already took a leap into the opposite direction of being supportive without bothering yet to take the time to fully appreciate what it is even is you are up to. Or on how "taking a break" as it were, may negatively affect their overall situation (There are consequences for a streamer: particularly when just getting started to suddenly taking a major break in their schedule) ---- Essentially, its a potential selfish request, if there is no understanding or legitimate concern for the streamer involved in suggesting a break. My first real suggestion would be to try to involve her in a streaming session directly if it is possible, but not anything involving violent video games that particular time, obviously --- Either you streaming, or find the most innocent stream possible of something she might be more amenable to such as a Cooking stream; Focus on her interests, and try to find a broadcast that she might be interested in which has chat interaction, etc --- and see if you can get her interested from the viewer side. Proposition: For two people to form a good relationship; there should be mutual respect. This means both of you take time to consider each others' feelings and that includes what hobbies make the other person happy, etc. Dislike For Video Games: I can understand if a person feels they don't personally enjoy violent video games, but that doesn't make it appropriate to try to dictate that other people don't play video games; if your enjoys video games and you do not, then you should allow your SO to play video games, just like your SO allows you to spend time reading books or chatting with your friends by SMS. &gt; It would take up too much of my time with her, and I would &gt; prioritize that over her. "Prioritize"? This presupposes that every moment of one's time not spent on work should be spent with their SO, or that any moment of time the SO wants not spent on commitments should be prioritized to the SO's desires, that is not the case. Everyone needs significant time for their own hobbies, time to themselves, as well as any time necessary to support their success; Obviously, a few hours a day with the significant other, and likely the equivalent of at least a full night's worth a week is a necessary aspect to the formula of any relationship --- others may agree on different amounts (But the amount of time necessary should be agreed upon mutually by partners). Some people wind up spending too much time away on the job as well, and relationships can suffer, due to work demands... That's not a valid argument that you shouldn't have a job though: as its necessary. Its an argument for having limits and boundaries around when and how much time is put into a certain domain of life. The simple fact is nothing more than a "fear" that can be addressed with work such as appropriate scheduling. Essentially, you plan your stream time, and then you plan time to be spent with your SO --- Priority is a choice, so obviously you might take days or weeks off stream, etc, for relationship or special event reasons, And develop a streaming schedule/plan that specifically designates together times. Actually the **working for an employer for money** is a bigger risk often/in many cases, Because people tend to have less control of their employment schedules than their streaming schedules when bosses sometimes demand workers stay late, or schedule a surprise meeting, or surprise business trip, extra nightfull of work, etc. I am not saying that 'full time streaming' is a realistic/forseeable job replacement that could be counted on for anyone just getting started --- But if you were successful in the long run to reach that point, then you actually could have more reliability, control, and flexibility regarding your day-to-day schedule, so that you could plan outings with your SO etc.
If she has physical access to the location where you sleep and where your streaming equipment, etc is, then she is already in a position of power, and that power will greatly increase after the wedding. The fact is... in the long run, from the set of 3 facts: 1. Her strong desire for the streaming to stop. 2. The streaming continues to happen. 3. The relationship continues to exist. One of these 3 things will have to be disposed of. And making her feel involved and important in any way related to the streaming is a potential path to help put an end to Item (1); instead of (2) or (3).
&gt; I've been told it doesn't really matter if someone says the n &gt; word if its not you and i've also been told that if its said at all &gt; i'm banned? I don't know of an official statement from Twitch on your question, so it could go either way --- technically, you could possibly face action by Twitch as a result of something that a guest says on your stream; Also, Twitch staff cannot necessarily determine by watching a short video segment whether or not the random speaking is the streamer or not. If I was in voice chat and a guest blurted some kind of hateful sentence or phrase that was improper, then I would suggest being very quick to respond verbally rebuking the language that was offensive (or believed to be hateful/etc), and asking for apology etc... Any further refusal to do so or offense means that rando needs to be muted, kicked off voice chat, blocked, reported within the game, etc. Its difficult to say whether that is adequate, and Twitch MIGHT take action against the stream if reported, anyways; However, it is very likely they will be concerned whether or not that improper content was due to the streamer's deliberate action Or accident/posted by someone else under normal gameplay beyond a game streamer's reasonable ability to control or prevent it, and whether or not the Twitch caster acted in good faith to prevent and remove violating content (E.g. Deletion of clips from stream containing offending content, etc). So anyways, aside from making sure to read yourself the Twitch Community Guidelines; it is also a helpful/important idea to read through Twitch's [Frequently Asked Questions](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/faq/) of the Community Guidelines, as there are many similar questions addressed, and they may set you on the right direction. ​ You are of course correct to be concerned about this ultimately, because Twitch says streamers are ultimately responsible for all content that appears on their stream. Even content generated by your viewers or others, and even responsible to make a good faith effort to moderate Chat/Community members into compliance, see the FAQ Entries such as: &gt; What should I do about viewers exploiting elements of my stream like text-to-speech to harass, be hateful, or post sexual content? &gt; &gt; As a streamer, you are responsible for the content on your &gt; stream. Twitch asks you to make a good faith effort to &gt; moderate interactive elements of your stream such as setting a &gt; word filter or a notification delay to give yourself a chance to &gt; moderate incoming notifications. Ultimately, you will have to &gt; decide what steps are right for your stream and your &gt; community’s behavior in order to abide by the Community &gt; Guidelines. Remember to temporarily disable or mute any &gt; unmoderated interactive elements such as text-to-speech if &gt; you step away from your computer. &gt;
&gt; has been invaded by the same person trying to get unbanned &gt; after he harassed the streamer. Is there a way to easily stop &gt; this? What do you mean by "invaded"? If a banned user logs in with an alt account to post requests to your chat channel for an unban, then it is suggested to click the username and use the **Report User** option to report to Twitch the account evading bans, and note in the report comments the list of other usernames you believe this person to be, then ban the new username from your channel. If you learned that they privately whisper all your viewers/chatters looking to bug you for an unban, or somethinf of the sort, then I would suggest advising your viewers ignore + consider blocking/reporting the whisper abuse. There's only so much you can do directly other than recipients of messages reporting and awaiting Twitch to respond, and doing your best to discourage / not encourage the trolls by making sure to minimize any `attention` you give them on stream, etc.
Congratulations on joining the Twitch team, BulletzQS, and good luck with your future adventure. Many Thanks and Cheers to you for all you have done for us here, and for the overall community. Its sad you will be stepping down, but it sure is pleasant to hear about you sticking around on r/Twitch to post memes, and help, etc. [](#szkPLS) &gt; As a great person once said, You shall be moderated… but by &gt; someone else... &gt; And now another great person has said it. [](#bleedPurple)
If you want to keep your badges, then use the [Twitch Username Change](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/username-rename-and-recycling-policies?language=en_US#HowtoChangeYourUsername) process to change the name of your account, instead of signing up for a new account. Subscription streaks and unlocked sub/bit badges are properties of the account that are kept when changing the username of the account.
Well it is true: when nobody visits the department store anymore, because everything is dirty, and they can just buy elsewhere for a better experience, there will be fewer accidents -- since slipping incidents only happen when there are actually people at the store.
&gt; Like if I mention "ear rape" for example, is that going to be a &gt; problem? I would say, yes. I would see that as a problem. Only Twitch can speak to the Terms of Service officially, and you could reach out to them, but based on your description, from my reading of Terms this is probably within what Twitch will allow you to do -- you should read the TOS and FAQ yourself, however, and contact Twitch for clarification if necessary. Regarding "Is it against TOS".. Suggest, pause for one second: and before asking if you CAN, think about whether or not you should. I would say the premise that the only reason to avoid this is it could be a Twitch Policy violation would be misguided, if you are thinking that.. The problem is that is a very strong word with a major negative meaning to many people, and even if it is allowed by ToS: it is off-putting toward much of the public to use the word in a light manner, even as part of a "meme", neologism, or synthetic expression. That's what "ear rape" is --- a modern synthetic expression. You will not find this in the dictionary, and its not a common phrase in proper speaking, but slang that a small segment of the population has used. However people also find this triggering and offensive, as making light of a serious matter as if trying to use the word "rape" to describe something more common and ordinary --- Keep in mind that "rape" describes a major crime and atrocity that many people have been a victim of, and merely using the word within a sentence brings this to mind for a lot of people -- and many will feel that it is disrespectful, so you might exclude a lot of people and potential for ad monetization by taking the stance to allow the use of the word that way on your stream.
How do you expect we could reasonably even answer that, and do you really think relying on hearsay about past potential bans would be a good idea? Twitch policies and such change over time, so content that was not bannable 2 years ago might be bannable today and vice-versa; E.G. looking at something that was banned in 2016-2018 or happened in 2016-2018 with no bann might not be very smart, etc. When a Twitch user is banned: Twitch does not publish the fact that they have been banned, and Twitch does not even disclose the actual reason for each ban -- the streamer that appeared to do one thing just before being banned may have done something completely different in private or days earlier that was just reviewed. A banned user/streamer can say just about anything they want or remain silent, and banned Twitch users: if they share info at all are likely to give colored or low-quality information about what they did to result in a ban -- in order to save face, cast what they did in a less-negative light, make the ban appear less likely to be reasonable even if it was, etc.
I would suggest checking your Spam/Junk Mail folder or Incoming Mail Log and/or contact your e-mail service provider/administrator if you find nothing to report Missing E-mail and request assistance that they review the logs for incoming e-mail from *.twitch.tv to your e-mail account to ensure your provider have whitelisted and are not tarpitting your missing incoming e-mail from @twitch.tv or Twitch's servers. The e-mail messages from Twitch usually work fine, but your e-mail service provider might be throttling, deferring, eating, or rejecting some of that legitimate e-mail traffic in the name of spam filtering, etc.
The sanctions are a restriction on the ***people and companies*** from participating in a transaction with anyone related to the targeted country, so even if the trade currency is BTC, they are still banned from engaging in the transaction. Also, in order to do this, the Chinese companies would have to obtain BTC which is likely illegal for them to do in China to make that trade --- also, they cannot go to a US-based bank or other country bank for making an exchange for the purposes of funding a transaction with a trade-sanctioned entity.
This has been discussed many times, and the short unofficial answer is Yes, as well see Twitch's [Community Guidelines FAQ](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/faq/), and the short synopsis is that fault can still potentially fall on you regardless, if this comes to the attention of Twitch: in particular if you fail to make a good faith effort in taking all needed steps to keep your stream in compliance with the Community Guidelines that includes immediately being there and taking prompt action to break/stop the violation -- moderating and removing offending content, as in clips or archives containing violation. Broadcasting voice chat `VR Chat' in real-time with a large number of unvetted-strangers on a voice chat platform containing numerous trolls with no broadcast delay or special system for censoring offenses might be an inadvisable choice. However, Twitch can also hold you blameless for the one-off troll (presumably if it is a very rare occurrence like once a year) and spare you, if the violation was caused by someone else and they decide their opinion is that you to have made an adequate enough effort: that is Twitch staff's discretion/prerogative, however --- you would be ultimately responsible still technically, as it did appear live, and they're not obligated to give you a pass. You might want to use the Reddit search feature for past threads to r/Twitch on the topic, see: * [Question: Will i get banned for someone saying a bannable word in a game voice chat](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/comments/7rwnx0/question_will_i_get_banned_for_someone_saying_a/) * [How does Twitch handle hate speech from somebody that isn't the broadcaster?](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/comments/82k426/how_does_twitch_handle_hate_speech_from_somebody/) * [hate speech from strangers over voice chat](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/comments/az07dy/can_you_get_bannedpenalized_for_hate_speech/)
&gt; but I realized his innately bossy nature isn’t something he’s &gt; doing as a “mistake” that can be fixed through a conversation. Well; as a streamer, once you have viewers and a community -- the people you have and keep as moderators reflect on the character of your stream. My suggestion is -- first of all, make sure you thank your people for anything they do to help you, but also make it clear that your chat rules definitely still apply to them as well - moreso, they should be shining examples presenting your stream in a good light to other people, And if they do something crappy, they are still subject to being timed out in the chat, just like any other viewer. When they do something in chat the second or third time that is annoying, or rises to the level, then I suggest giving a warning, or ask them to please stop/lay off that. Its perfectly OK to say "Foobar, we appreciate you, but don't order me/players on what to do, and you can come back in 20 minutes /timeout" -- You can remod or not after their timeout. If they're your only moderator present, then ideally you would have at least a second person, or more (depending on number of chatters). But in general; I would suggest giving people a chance after clear actions/warnings, unless it happens repeatedly, or they failed in a bigger way that go beyond what's probably simple misunderstanding of expectations, etc. Also, for sure... viewer suggestions on stream improvement can be a good thing, and you might even have a channel for that -- If you take special inputs from mods, then I would suggest having a Discord moderator channel and multiple mods, and proposal for changing/adding something should be discussed, then you could say Yes I'll consider that, maybe add to TODO list, or No, maybe later, but we'll keep that in mind, etc.
Well, a streamer doesn't "have to" do it for their stream -- it is 100% a caster choice, of course, how and if to add/remove any moderators - which are essentially just helpers for deleting troll messages while the streamers hands are busy playing the game: in small channels every moderator action is usually under close scrutiny of the streamer, so its not really a big deal either way. &gt; Nothing as bad has happened since, See, that is an important point. &gt; but he’s been increasingly doing small things that get So the logical thing is to stop letting "small things" pass. I would suggest directly addressing it by communicating the displeasure. &gt; bossy to me about things I need to do to “improve my stream” &gt; but honestly I’m just doing this for fun &gt; and I think it makes it funny for my viewers that my stream is &gt; always a slight shitshow. So the streamer doesn't need to explain why they choose to do things a certain way, just tell to communicate more clearly "That I don't want to do that for now", and please stop asking, etc. &gt; “oh I’ve been trying to get affiliate for over a year....” About the 'not letting a slew of little things pass' -- any random viewer could probably have made such jealous statement. The chat statement is in public, and the streamer is free to say their displeasure with the statement in public and timeout the user. I think this strategy gives a ***perfect*** opportunity to remove a moderator instead of seeming to do it like a "surprise" punishment between streams, or risking hard feelings for anyone involved -- after one or two timeouts for actual things they said, whether they were small things or not, then just decline, or "forget" to re-add them after their timeout expires, or "I'll have to think about that one later"....
It is possible an Overlay extension could be written that contains a link, for example there are some extensions that promote affiliate sales through streams such as the Amazon Blacksmith extension is a good example (I believe), but do keep in mind if you are developing an extension -- the [Extension Guidelines and Policies](https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/extensions/guidelines-and-policies/), in particular those related to Off-site linking include &gt; 4.6.2 Off-site linking elements must have a visible indicator to &gt; signify that it will take the user off-site, such as link text, &gt; or a button.
&gt; Will it help new nodes get up to speed? No, because you can't &gt; give them the opportunity to independently verify the current &gt; state of the chain. The answer is not entirely `No'. Even a pruned node will have some blocks that can be relayed to other nodes -- your node won't be able to serve up the exact blocks that its pruned, but the blocks your node has pruned out aren't necessarily all the blocks that other nodes will be requesting. A new node might itself be a pruned node and/or have many blocks pre-seeded, so your node will contain SOME useful information: just not ALL needed information for a brand new node with a blank slate and no pre-seed to connect and initialize.
"Deactivate Account" is the option Twitch provides to do this; That is generally as 'permanent' as you get, that is at least until later, when Twitch recycles the username (if eligible) --- by choosing "deactivate" you already made the election to have the account deleted: If you believe you need something further, then the general recommendation is to e-mail Twitch support. Of course, you might have had multiple usernames/accounts registered using the same e-mail address, so someone accessing those other accounts would also send messages to the same e-mail address. For you to make login to any additional Twitch users you created not possible -- you would need to make sure to deactivate all accounts using your e-mail address: if you may have had more than one (not just one of the accounts).
Please see the [Subreddit Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/wiki/subreddit_info#wiki_no_personal_ads_or_unapproved_third-party_ads) -- In particular a r/Twitch submission is not the place to promote specific channels or 3rd party campaigns. &gt; 3 No personal ads or unapproved third-party ads.
This works... If the work made by someone else is in the public domain ***worldwide***, or at least public domain in every country your content could be distributed in through Twitch, then you ought to be safe from copyright reading it, but the catch is that can be non-trivial, since some works may have Public Domain status in the US or Europe, but not, or is murky/challenged in other countries. That can be quite some footwork -- for example, I personally have no idea if HP Lovecraft's Public Domain status is worldwide with certainty, or works may have an entity who would still be claiming copyright on those in some countries where Twitch channels can be viewed from.
You've seen some warning signs... someone new comes in and wants to play immediately: Thoughts coming to mind would be... are they using Twitch to try and find someone to play with, or are they a troll, etc, and aren't really interested in the stream? If you want to try playing with them -- perhaps consider arranging some time so you can play when not at a time while you are streaming the game at the same time first: and see if they are any fun to play with, before you consider teaming up and streaming at the same time. Then you can voice chat, etc, and if they were just wanting to play for bad reasons, they will likely get bored. The same standard could be used for all viewer play, e.g. "To join a game with me on-stream; You must have been in a few off-stream gaming nights first," or whatever.
&gt; Longshoremen earn over $100k per year and have families, &gt; mortgages and bills to pay. It seems like, possibly these employees have enjoyed a sweet deal and disproportionately high pay compared to similar workers elsewhere **because** of the union - so the union provides workers an overly sweet deal -- but in other words, an economic distortion, or a deal so much "too good to be true", that its bound to collapse in on itself one day. Since in the end; distortions tend to get corrected through the way that economics tends to correct outliers over time, sometimes suddenly, and really no particular career in any industry is ever truly "safe" from the potential of being obsoleted or having to majorly adapt by some other change that affects the market's willingness to pay humans for that work. Otherwise, How come jobs with the similar tasks of loading and unloading goods in other industries, such as rail transport, etc, aren't compensated $100k+ ? If the automation is possible, then their high pay seems to be a temporary distortion (Much higher wages than the state of the labor economy would suggest they should be worth) compared to the rest of the country's working population, and the Union's days are going to be numbered at some point if the workers do not adapt....
Good morning.. Sorry to hear that, but for one we can't be sure even that "reactivating" an account is a request that Twitch support will consider and go forward with. A month response time for support with Twitch is apparently not necessarily unusual according to what some users contacting Twitch support about account issues have mentioned. Your submitted article is on r/Twitch an unofficial subreddit, and we have no way of assisting regarding your support times with Twitch. Also, according to r/Twitch subreddit rules &gt; [4.C. User-specific problems about Twitch Support response times will be removed. There is nothing we can do to help here, unfortunately](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/wiki/subreddit_info#wiki_submissions_about_official_matters_will_be_removed.)
&gt; he said that he would be more than happy to punch someone If he was serious and had said so in a manner which constituted a clear specific believable threat, then the potential exists that could be a violation of Twitch policies due to (1) Illegal Behaviors -- Violations of local law are against ToS, and (2) Twitch's Violence and (3) Harassment policies might be implicated. Specifically [Community Guidelines](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/) : &gt; &gt; Acts and threats of violence will be taken seriously and are &gt; considered zero-tolerance violations and all accounts &gt; associated with such activities will be indefinitely suspended. &gt; And regarding the [Harassment Guidelines](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/harassment/) : &gt; Specific physical threats should be reported to your local law enforcement immediately. However..... I would point out that what you described is not necessarily a believable threat; it is not believable that a gamer will "IRL punch someone" who is just a random player they encountered randomly in an online game (More info would be required for this to believable) -- and may have simply been angry or heated banter or commentary on stream (Typical of a gamer or other person who has become temporarily enraged or upset/frustrated) - Not a serious threat of a violent act being made intended to be received by a potential victim, because sometimes people make an emotional outburst and muse/talk about doing things with no actual intended thesis of action nor realistic threat --- it doesn't really meet the level of threatened Physical harm in the case that the "threat" is an imaginary target or vague/non-specific or has an imaginary victim: the streamer may not have intended to concern anyone or carry through with any actual violence or threat of violence which would potentially make the incident a misunderstanding and not a real ToS violation, also if the streamer deleted the Clips and such, then its likely they understand that what they said at the time could be misinterpreted/shouldn't be circulated and make a good faith effort to remove/prevent/stop content which is questionable under ToS.
Except for possibly some Twitch staff: the answer is you (and any other viewer, even the streamer) has no way to access the content during the temporary ban (unless you downloaded, or if the content is available on Youtube or location other than Twitch's website before the ban). When a channel is banned or suspended: most Twitch website user interfaces respond as if the channel is invalid or doesn't exist, so all the past videos and clips are unavailable during the suspension (or temporary ban), And there is no way for users to view or download them on Twitch. Think about it.... channel bans are often related to channel content, and the ban would be ineffectual if viewers could still access archives of content that had been the subject of a ban.
Good morning, please see the r/Twitch subreddit rules regarding submissions (Rule 3 subitem B) -- and the current monthly [channel feedback thread for June 2019](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/comments/byx4rf/monthly_channel_feedback_thread_review_before_you/). &gt; [3 No Personal ads or unapproved third-party ads](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/subreddit_info#wiki_no_personal_ads_or_unapproved_third-party_ads) &gt; 3.B You should not create posts with the intention of looking &gt; for feedback or collaborations. You should submit these to the &gt; designated monthly threads.
It sounds like you are wanting to do what amounts to some kind of talk show or program like the night shows where you will have a host that frequently brings on guests to do various things such as Q and A or interview, etc... you can do pretty much any format on Twitch. Of course, there are likely to be more logistical matters and challenges to deal with than are involved in a typical gaming stream, And you might have some difficulties getting Twitch users to discover you. Another challenge, of course, is you need to make sure the content you broadcast abides by Twitch rules - just like cable broadcasters need to make sure content follows network rules -- that is, either you need to guarantee your guests abide by Twitch rules, or have a plan B for censoring anything that doesn't (And most likely a combination of both) -- this can be exacerbated if you have varied groups of strangers coming onto your show from the internet, some of whom might be trolls, etc. However, on the plus side..... If you get past the challenges, then this sounds like it could be something relatively unique on the Twitch platform --- other channels may do some similar things, but if done well, your program could definitely stand out from the crowd on this platform, since most streams are just one person gaming or chatting, but having video chats and larger discussions gives some potential possibilities for appealing to a larger segment of the population (Thus maybe greater ultimate growth potential than streaming a single game, etc)...
&gt; My name ? phone number? ? They are going to see your name, unless you have a Paypal business account with a customized name, which may provide you a little more personal/ secrecy; at least you can configure a business account to keep your personal name off the standard displays, Invoices, etc. Paypal as a service for customers paying merchants for products and services does not in general provide anonymity – Paypal lets Merchants see customers' supplied contact information and vice-versa.
I would basically tell them No and move on, and give them the benefit of the doubt. The situation to be prepared for and respond with a ban and user report to Twitch on, is: if this person will not drop the subject, or they seem to ignore the No and try to move forward anyway despite being admonished that "I want to grow organically".
I believe Tier2 and 3 will always be an option, but its to your benefit anyways, as you would receive higher revenue for those subscriptions. Anyway: if you decline to upload an emote and let your audience know you don't believe in higher sub tiers so won't be giving an extra emote, then most people may be discouraged from Tier2 or 3 subbing. Personally... I think Sub Gifting tiers are superior to self-Sub higher Tiers, but there's room enough in Twitch for multiple ways of showing extra support for channels **at the viewers' option** I kind of think... if one wasn't interested in amassing this type of support, then why have a Sub button in the first place?
You could likely devise a way to make a foot pedal trigger be read by the OBS computer as a Mute hotkey. And make sure anything you don't want to mute comes into OBS' virtual mixer through different audio channels than what you are hotkeying to mute – for example: either use the GoXLR for only the channels you want to mute all at once, or feed the voice in through a different channel that doesn't go through the same GoXLR. But as for just muting a single input channel on the GoXLR itself: This would in theory be technically possible, but I believe this is a feature would not be practical or easily feasible without help from the developer of the GoXLR. My understanding is that the GoXLR can be remote-controlled through its app; but may otherwise be closed system, and you'll only be able to control it through mechanisms the developer provides. The goal would be an application that either has the Foot Pedal actions built in or allows you to send commands to the GoXLR from your PC using a mechanism such as shortcut keys or a HID input directly, or a Mobile app to provide similar, Etc.
&gt; none of them comment at all, silent stream despite the viewer &gt; count This is just how some audiences are: participation rates vary from website to website, channel to channel, but often on any internet website, according to the [1% rule of thumb](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1%25_rule_\(Internet_culture\)), the vast majority of people only read or lurk. Anyways; raids in particular tend to carry many people who are lurking or aware from their computer, and sometimes the actual humans jump away from the new unfamiliar stream relatively quickly –– people might have a little fun with the raid, but they came to watch a specific stream that's now over, or something they want to see has just gone live, etc. See; you noticed you dropped from 51 to 9 – this was most likely the gradual process happening of people actually at their computers leaving for various reasons, and who knows if the 9 remaining are actually watching or computer powered on, away from keyboard.
Hiring an artist to make stream Overlay is typical stream art/services work; see the latest Services threads that are for those requesting or offering services. For example [the December 2019 services thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/comments/dssr8x/twitch_service_megathread/)
&gt; My girlfriend got into streaming ... &gt;strategies I as a supporter (not the streamer) can do to make her streams grow? First of all... you say it is your girlfriend; not some random Twitch personality, and you are therefore not just some random viewer which makes a whole bunch of difference, as that probably opens many possible ways you could potentially provide some support or help out: that is, if she wants any help or assistance, of course. Way 1, would of course be an active viewer.. try to not just watch but also become a very frequent positive contributor to the streamer's chat. That means occasionally discussing something with other viewers, and occasionally bringing up conversations that the streamer and viewers will enjoy hearing. Watch the stream carefully, and if you see something going wrong that might affect the stream.. such as audio issues, etc, then speak up early to make sure the streamer knows about it. Second of all... There are channel functions that viewers can help with while the streamer is busy away making content, so that some of the work the streamer would need to do to promote their channel would be less. EG.. if the streamer is already having a good time (Which is more important) and content is already lively or great entertainment or humor, etc, then there may be call for more help from viewers bringing attention to that content. Try to find moments within every stream that will make great shareable clips with wide appeal. One of the major ways to market a channel is by having short clip or highlight videos that are funny or enjoyable for people to watch, And entertaining enough for viewers and non-viewers alike to retweet, Etc. If you can get a super awesome clip once a week or so that shares well, and get it out there, then it may be that many more people will at least become aware that this stream exists, and they seemed cool, etc. The above are major things a viewer can do which don't really require a commitment. You could do them for any streamer you like, and they are bound to appreciate it. If you want to be a "major" supporter of the stream though; by knowing them in real life, you could occasionally mention the stream in conversations either on Twitch or IRL, ask how its going lately, and/or offer some words of moral support give compliments tell them about things on their streams you saw that you liked the most.... Think carefully and provide some honest feedback from the perspective of a viewer. This does depend, however, on you being at least somewhat in the target audience for the stream or having enough experience watching many streams to be able to compare them. Viewers also often volunteer to support streamers in other ways, such as acting as a channel Moderator to keep the chat reflective of thei channel values and/or Channel Editor (Update game category/title during times when the streamer is too busy to deal with it quckly), and also viewers that can do Video Editing; Artists; etc, may sometimes volunteer to take on behind-the-scenes work that makes the stream better. For example, some streams have heavily customized chat games, that were no doubt a collaboration between the Streamer and some highly-supportive viewers that wound up doing most of the technical work. That's all about the streamer having a vision, and mentioning it on their Discord, and viewers being willing to step up and offer to help in whatever ways the streamer asks for.
&gt; It is not against TOS to display a firearm. Context is critical. It might be best to stick with recorded content as the medium for instruction on firearm care. Even Youtube's live streaming policies have a blanket ban against people holding or handling a firearm on a Live stream, and if anything the text of Twitch policies and the experience reported by Twitch users tend to suggest that Twitch is **more strict and restrictive** on such matters, regarding content showing real-life weapons that might pose dangers either to a streamer; or to an underage viewer should they attempt to emulate content seen on a stream. Twitch's official stance is that context is critical and will be taken into account; However, there have been numerous news stories showing that context will not necessarily be recognized properly. If a streamer wishes to avoid winding up on the wrong side of a staff misunderstanding perhaps trying to fight an appeal, then it might be the best thing to just not have any scene touching such items in the first place.
&gt; But it basically told me that to report it, I had to be the &gt; copyright holder Even if Twitch would accept this, then it might be a bad idea for anyone to do so. By asserting a copyright complaint without the consent of someone that actually owned the copyright; that would subject the person reporting in theory anyway to possible risks of being sued by the broadcaster or by the copyright owner: if that broadcaster's stream was taken down due to the report and happened to be permitted unbeknownst to the reporter. This **could** in theory happen anyways. Anyone clicking the "report" button on someone else's stream: in theory COULD wind up sued some day... but a Defense for most reports would be that they used the report button to submit truthful information they could prove to Twitch that was not malicious or recklessly negligent, because reporting what you saw on screen is provably the truth, and at least in the US is protected speech that cannot be libel. Enter copyright licensing.... Since it is between the rights holder and the broadcaster: users without inside information will have no way of establishing the truth of the matter that no license or permission exists, AND that the copyright rights owner disapproves and Does wish to assert their rights in that manner. Someone making a report pretending that they know the facts which they obviously had no way to know could be considered reckless. If you want to report people streaming series apparently for violating TOS, then it is probably best if you will either (1) Find a way to get a heads-up/Alert message to the true rights holder to let them know what is happening, so they can invoke their rights management process, or (2) Find legitimate grounds other than copyright (unless you are an owner or agent of the copyright holder of a work being allegedly infringed) – for example, if the thing is categorized as a game or "Just Chatting", or the show contains violations of ToS such as nudity, etc. As for copyright: the exclusivity rights afforded by copyright are only for the owner and/or their officially designated agent(s). Content takedowns are by DMCA letter, and a fundamental element is a statement under penalty of perjury that the person sending in the letter owns or is the agent of one that owns the copyrights to the works alleged to be infringed against. For all you or I know; the person streaming it has a special relationship with an executive at the rights-owning company where they've gotten a limited permission to run some streams on their personal Twitch channel.
&gt; Linux on thumb drives and relying on swap on microsd cards So what? Are you saying Electron is a problem for systems running with only flash and no proper system storage? ANY system using SD for swap is bound to be short-lived, and if Electron's only thing is its memory requirement increases swap usage, then that's not really an Electron issue at all, but bad system administration/design building a system with non-SSD flash as a swap or log-device. Thumb drives and microSD cards are not normal disk drives And should not be written on a constant basis – merely writing logfiles to SD is a problem, and putting Memory swap on one would obviously be insane. These types of flash units should be used for Read-Only applications only, or at a bare minimum applications that only write at an extremely low amount of data at an infrequent rate (As in, less than once a day) This is why SSDs designed to be used as system drives are substantially more expensive; contain disk controllers with DRAM for combining write operations; advanced wear-levelling algorithms for minimizing program-erase cycles, an enormous number of blocks, and design with **MUCH** larger numbers of cycles than simple flash devices such as Thumb drives and microSD cards.
&gt; but currently I stream just on weekends An infrequent schedule is not necessarily beneficial, but I know of a Twitch partner who basically only ever streamed 1 particular night a week 7-8hrs and still reached all the way to partner status; If you have many friends and are known well within a substantial community on the platform and content is Unique and Good enough on the platform, then over time it is still a possibility to build a huge following. However, it would be suggested to be **super-consistent** with your schedule... In other words: don't just skip a weekend every other week. If you stream infrequently, then you may have a very hard time getting viewers to come back: especially if it is inconsistent
&gt; I have been opening my stream on my laptop or phone &gt; so I can see my chatters and carry on a conversation with &gt; them. Is this illegal? No, not really. This should be fine. You might want to open your Creator dashboard instead though; as it contains the Chat Applet and is an intended way Twitch provides for streamers to see their own chat and/or preview their own video if desired... The dashboard also has some features you don't get just opening your stream; for example the streamer actions such as "Host", "Raid", additional buttons you might add, etc. &gt; Does it cheese up my numbers or does the software &gt; recognize that I am me? You might show up as 1 viewer of your own stream. As far as I know this is also fine; you are allowed to preview your own stream. What you should not be doing is running a bunch of bots that follow, open your stream, and play the video. Previewing your own stream from one connection is not in the same league as creating a bunch of fake connections to attempt to generate false engagement stats.
You might want to try some experimentation with different times. Twitch is a worldwide platform, and there are potential viewers online at all times; However, different regions and demographics will have more users online during certain hours than others. For example, in the US prime time is typically considered 8pm to 11 in their respective time zones. These are the peak times for regular broadcast programming in the US: on the other hand, that also means those are times at which there might also be the most competition, So streaming at times more people watch broadcasts does not necessarily translate to the best time to get viewers for X subject.
&gt; so I am currently our household's only income and &gt; therefore I'm streaming on a budget. So. to clarify.. You just made affiliate, but you have a job other than streaming, and haven't counted on any affiliated revenue yet... hopefully? In that case, assuming you actually have a community at this point, then one can think about setting some stream goals for subs and bits with an eye toward allocating affiliate milestones towards new games then stream improvements. It also makes perfect sense to lighten up on the streaming slightly; perhaps reduce pace at which you go through new games, increase replay-ability of titles streamed in the past that were Top/most enjoyable a little bit by doing challenges – research about the titles, consider trying a challenge run if you have never tried challenge run before, etc, and maybe go research how you could possibly have some more fun with games you already had. Maybe a little easier with many PC titles where modifications are a thing than PS4 games, however. &gt; won't have much else to play through since I currently &gt; can't afford any new ones. Not all games that are fun to play are the $50+ A1 titles. You know.. there are plenty of free PC games, Humble bundles, weekly free games on Epic, Retro titles on Steam or that can be played through emulators, many great games that are less than $10 a piece, etc, and if your PC hardware is lacking.... many good games don't necessarily use 3D graphics either; also, if you keep your eyes open, there are potential opportunities for obtaining some games to try besides outright purchases. I see from time to time developers actually looking for streamers to try their game and stream that content in the process. Failing that... apparently Gamefly, etc still appear to exist? (in 2019? how strange)
&gt; I have a gtx 1050 and the processor is the Intel Pentium &gt; G5400 and I have 16 gb of RAM. Your specs are sufficient for gaming or streaming. Quite honestly, the CPU is a bit thin to be doing both on the same device, and as a result you can expect to possibly need to use the GPU for encoding (nvenc). &gt; I have only one monitor but I'll buy soon a 144hz monitor to &gt; swap my old 60hz one. I can run games like OW, R6 and Apex &gt; at 120-150 fps without a problem. The higher fps may actually be a problem for streaming – the higher the framerate is; the greater the demand is going to be on the video encoding process, the higher the resource requirements will be; However, from the moment of the "Start stream" button is pushed, the fps is likely to just plummet on its own due to OBS load. If fps does plummet and you don't get "Encoder overload" in OBS, then it should be fine, otherwise there might be quality settings in the game that need to be lowered if OBS cannot keep up due to the limited CPU available on the system. &gt; only thing that bothers me is that I don't have the best &gt; internet connection someone can have At a minimum you need about 5 Megabits stable upload bandwidth to successfully pull off a basic 720p30 stream at Twitch's recommended [3000Kbps](https://stream.twitch.tv/encoding/). If you have strong reception, then a 4G connection might work, provided you get sufficient bandwidth – provider does not throttle you (since streaming will use a large number of Gigabytes uploaded), and you don't experience network congestion.
&gt; obvious, like don't read chat while driving. If you won't read chat at all, and aren't accompanied by anyone, then I wonder how you would accomplish viewer interaction. Hopefully, as the professional driver: you should know what type of actions are safe and legal to be doing or not, to ensure that your stream cannot become the cause of an incident. &gt; like is having TTS donos enabled and responding to that not &gt; allowed as well? Given that you will be driving, then I would suggest you make sure that your channel has thorough moderation coverage with your moderators setup to moderate your TTS messages: either that or pause alerts while driving until you can confirm them. Hearing and reacting to TTS messages (safely) might not be much an issue; However, provided you are not using an earpiece arrangement that is illegal to use while driving (Some states might not like the driver covering ears with headphones). Of course it is possible for reacting to TTS messages to be an unsafe distraction as well; you'll need to make sure that doesn't happen.
&gt; if i have to ban people under the mature 18+ rating of my &gt; stream An "18+ rated" Twitch stream is not a thing. There is a setting broadcasters can enable indicating contains content that might be inappropriate for younger viewers this does not mean a specific age. For example: games with ESRB rating MA indicating generally suitable for 17+ can be streamed, but Adults-Only (AO) games (Restricted to 18+) are prohibited on Twitch, and that is the general thing... "18+ Broadcasts" are not a thing on Twitch. Also; I do not believe I would recommend promoting taking any adverse action against any viewer or treating them differently based on their age, unless that viewer actually gives information that they are violating Twitch ToS due to their age (For example, the viewer let people know they are in the US below age 13, or a minor and their parents don't approve of their use of Twitch). Twitch [Community Guidelines](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/) actually prohibit facilitating acts of discrimination based on Age under the hateful conduct policy – Technically, that means if a broadcaster said on stream you will act against people for being under 18, or openly adopt a policy of banning users below Age 18 (but who are still sufficient age and legally do use Twitch services), such actions might be reportable to Twitch and come into question under that policy. There are people on Twitch who are 17, 16, etc, who are allowed the use of the Twitch services in their home country due to being of sufficient age and having parental supervision/authorization.
Not quite accurate.... Nobody violates Terms of service just by clicking the "Start Watching" button acknowledging the content advisory, which states only: "The broadcaster has indicated that this channel is intended for mature audiences." **Nowhere** in Twitch's content advisory message is there an "I am 18" message, nor anything remotely indicating the person choosing to proceed certifies that they are a person of a particular age. That prompt is an advisory prompt: not a message requesting a promise or commitment to an agreement. Even if the language mentioned such a thing it would need to actually prompt the user supply information proving age to qualify as such to meet governmental standards on age-restricted control. Twitch Terms of Service basically only restricts based on age to at least 13 registering and using an account needed to **post** messages/information to chat, and other functions that require accepting the agreement. **Members of the public who stay logged out but still browse Twitch's website and never register an account with Twitch are not bound by a User Agreement, and Twitch's website still lets them view streams and chat content** For example: If I have a friend who has never used Twitch before... I can still send them a link to a mature channel, and they can follow the link, click the advisory, and start watching both the video and the chat. All without that person having ever performed any action signifying agreement to any Terms of Service, therefore, they are not bound by any ToS rules other than obeying the law: not until they register at least 1 account. They can still technically WATCH any stream they want regardless of their age. That's why the "mature" flag is advisory... it simply shows a warning to viewers that content they are about to open may be mature, and anyone allowed to use Twitch services is also fully within their rights to click the button to acknowledge the advice; the viewer Neither promises anything nor Agrees to anything by proceeding through the advisory, other than confirming the Advice that content may by mature – Its worth noting that Twitch also remembers using Cookies that browser has confirmed to view mature content and doesn't show the message anymore on other streams, Or if the stream being watched hosts anothe mature channel, once the browser remembers that the viewer has clicked that once. Another point to be made, would probably be that the "/ban" command used by channel moderators never blocks someone from **viewing** a stream. As a matter of fact, streams and all chat messages can be viewed (passively) even by members of the public just browsing the Twitch website who have never registered a Twitch account or who are not logged in. People under 13 can still watch Twitch streams compliant to ToS if their parent operates the computer and the child does not register an account and the child themself therefore does not utilize the Twitch services.
The thing is... regardless of being minors: If they are at least 13 and allowed to be Twitch users, then they ARE allowed to watch any channel. /ban doesn't prevent anyone viewing chat/stream. Keep in mind that even if a viewer is a minor; a broadcaster and/or their moderators do not have the right to act as if a parent, nor to harass, disparage, or treat a viewer differently based solely on the viewer's numerical age, etc. Having or stating a policy of banning users for "childish behavior" is fine: informing a viewer they will be banned if they are under 18 is not fine. Twitch has a **non-discrimination** policy where discrimination based on Race, Gender, Sexual Orientation, and many other criteria are strictly prohibited and is a "Zero-Tolerance Bannable" offense where anyone discriminating risks being banned from Twitch indefinitely. In fact... **Age** is listed in their criteria against which discrimination is prohibited in both the original policy and the FAQ. You can read more about that in the [Harassment and Hateful Conduct FAQ](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/harassment/#hateful-conduct) If anyone chooses to block users from their channel who say they are under 18 this is **an internal decision not particularly supported by any Twitch policy**.
You will learn far more and the answer to this and many other questions streamers should know if you read background information and read/research into context offered then apply your own critical thinking, than looking or hoping for someone to spoonfeed a one-liner that would lack the proper context to be able to properly verify or understand the information. In other words... I say I already put the TLDR version out there in the first sentence for those with enough motivation to find it, but I always recommend reading enough relevant information and especially surrounding context to think for yourself regarding certain matter to draw your own conclusions rather than take some short statement as dogma.
Many streamers will have had experiences like this. I hope you take that and understand it can be common on Twitch, and don't necessarily be discouraged from the idea of streaming, but Do think about the experience and see if as you vary your style of streaming or what game you are streaming that experience changes. A fact of life is that sometimes there are many people streaming a certain title, but few people interested to watch.
This is an unfortunate name as it implies that viewbotting could be legal – getting a swarm of bots to view a channel is in fact always illegal; this is people referring to swarms of AFK human viewers congregating enticed by a Twitch promotion as bots. Perhaps someone could come up with a better name like uh.. promo lurkers, or, the Twitch drop zombie horde? I don't know.. need to be something short and pithy with enough virality / internet meme value to overtake the first neologism.
As a streamer; if chat is busy while you are trying to play, then it helps to find points in the game where you can pause and look at chat for more than a second, or if its a speedrun, then chat is just going to have to deal with the fact that interaction will be limited during the run.. so that if people have something important to say or ask the streamer: chat will learn that there are certain windows for doing so, such as between runs. Then with busy chat it is also understandable that you don't read and jump into EVERY single topic that comes up in chat. It is suggested to prioritize responding to donations and bit messages. From there you can focus on whatever chat messages are most recent using whatever method seems best at the time. when catching up I would probably jump over without reading messages that seem to be several lines long or have a large number of emotes, etc. Hopefully anything really important directed at the streamer contains an At-Mention, and the moderators who don't have their hands full with a game would have purged that message by time you see it if it was unimportant or one person spamming. So right.... For managing a truly large busy chat; you want some experienced moderators who know how to deal with large active chats clearing the spam out.
&gt; one viewer who comes in pretty often always mentions my &gt; voice Is this a negative comment about your voice, or the viewer is just mentioning something you are personally sick of talking about because you were in on the previous chats? I would suggest ignoring or forgetting the remark if possible or take some action to change the topic, unless they are doing something that is denigrating or that is annoying to or disrupting the conversation flow in the chat – not every viewer's remark necessarily bears interacting with or thinking about; people say things on Twitch chat all the time that are not very apt. Or if its something you cannot ignore, then use the chat and stream for what its meant for, interaction.... just tell your audience on stream that you don't want to say anything more about this, and (Username) please stop bringing it up over and over again, because its uncomfortable, I would appreciate that, etc. Once you've given the message.. if they ignore your wishes, then any moderation action is fair game. Although this may be upsetting to the chat; the streamer does get to set boundaries, if a topic has been beaten repeatedly, then it might deserve a FAQ entry in any stream panels as well, as the new chat restriction gets written down to inform newcomers to stream after the change. But it seems like if its just some once a day random compliment of the streamer's voice that is something that can and should be accepted and ignored, since it may just be some thing that viewer feels they like or is special about their streamer and want to make sure that the new chat knows, or some quirk about the viewer's conversation style.
What you have done sounds good and is about all you can do, unless you are lucky enough to have some expert in your community watching the chat who has the appropriate training and skills that can engage with them and counsel them directly, But still – that may be more risky than giving the user the link, because this way you have a standard official answer which can always be used; I would suggest the streamer giving them the link or one of the national crisis lines available in the viewer's country, urge them as strongly as you can that the people at this number can help you, and then try to get chat to clear the topic out. This will probably warrant a timeout if the chat user refuses to use the resource and continues to push. As far as I know "Reporting" the user to Twitch that you are concerned will do nothing, unfortunately; I am not certain this is still the case – but their Twitch account will likely be banned for suicidal remarks, then if they e-mail Twitch they may learn the reason in a few weeks, etc. Its not as if the reporting action calls in law enforcement or actually gets help that user might need. Also.. While I am not saying these should ever be treated non seriously.... the only real suicidal incident I ever personally learned of related to Twitch was from a streamer that was afterwards they posted though, that they had in fact been rescued, but they had never said or posted anything to Twitch or Discord Prior to the incident that would have seemed worrisome or given any clue. I don't know if it is or not actually a realistic thing for a truly suicidal person to announce this kind of information to strangers in a random chat room by text; Or to decide that their last act is going to be a small donation to some random streamer – it kind of doesn't seem likely. If this is a new chat user, or someone that just followed or just created their Twitch account, then it seems like it is probably going to turn out to be a fake, usually. I would still rather treat it with concern than be trolled than ever risk treating a legit chatter in crisis as a troll. But I have also seen people doing things like this in a stream or steamer's chat; and I suppose thankfully... every single time I have seen someone new "suicidal" come into the chat, once after pretty much completely disrupting a partner's stream; they turned out eventually being forced to admit they were a fake/troll. The problem then... is the amount of disruption these types of trolls can cause if the response is too much beyond just providing the link or phone number, etc; from people who never even saw their username before that day going out on a limb to help someone with fake story, etc.
If you switch to the Chatty client, then you could use something like Regexp filter match against Test pattern reg:(\bemotePrefixText[a-zA-Z]+\b) replace: Essentially... block any word that starts with your "target" streamer's emote prefix. I would of course question the wisdom of doing this; as if you don't like the emotes of 15 different channels, then the real problem here is likely Not with those channels. And of course, you may have some unintended side-effects here, but this principle should work with any client supporting client-side Regular expression filters. At least until such time as one of the 10 or 15 channels changes their emote prefix... Or some enterprising other person in a chat with you uses blockedEmotePrefix(SecretMessageThatIdontWantThisPersonToSee)
Your gifting badge is only available for to use when at least 1 sub that you gifted is still active in that channel. Gift subs expire after a month, and if 0 gifted subs from you are active, then the badge vanishes until you gift another sub.
Recent versions of OBS also have automatic ducking capability built-in. Essentially: You may edit the "Filters" of an Audio source such as the game music source, then add a Compression filter, and select a Sidechain / Ducking source, such as the Microphone. Then tune the attck, release, thresholds and the negative gain to be applied to the Source being filtered accordingly.
&gt; if for example my next stream made my average drop &gt; below 75 again, would I lose the achievement People don't lose the achievement based on changes in the average, but its doubtful if you would be accepted as partner either if you went and applied with a lower average, or if your numbers dropped after applying but before you were accepted – most likely the same thing, really. I cannot see inside Twitch's brain exactly, and most information about their process is only indirect, but from my understanding the viewer average needing to stay above that number without dropping below it consistently over a longer period of time is very important for acceptance... while 75 gives people the achievement: Twitch people have reportedly said things on various streamers' denied applications that suggest 75 might not even be sufficient, or even anything upwards of less than 100+ concurrent viewers average to be marginal: If they can find excuses to deny the application they likely would, assuming you don't have something to amaze or astound them with... partner applications are reviewed by humans who regularly get to review a ton of applications that only a small number are accepted, and normally just reaching the 75 is likely not enough to get accepted right away – chances will be Twitch want to watch those numbers to see that Not only the achievement was reached, but also that an average ***above*** the ≥75 was maintained for 3 most recent months with not only the averages staying above that, but indications that numbers were growing.
Open the menu accessed by clicking your Avatar in the top-right of your browser window and choose "Video Producer" Find the video in question and the 3 vertical dots to the right of the Highlight button, expand the 3 vertical dots and choose the option that says: "Appeal Muted Audio" A window should pop up showing the list of Song Tracks and the Times within the video which were identified and muted. It would probably be a good idea for you to note the information, then close this window and check out what was actually happening at that time in your LOCAL recording, then if appeal is warranted, well... now you see how to get there as well.
Well; one idea is to look at the fraction of relative errors. If "a" is actual or target value which is ≠0, and b is your test value, and "tol" is your allowed error tolerance in terms of percentage error relative to a, then your comparison test could be ( abs( b - a ) / abs (a) ) * 100 &lt; tol That works if b and a are points on the number line. USUALLY programmers would avoid this and just use something like fabs(b-a)&lt;0.0001 instead; by using an absolute error instead of a percentage or relative error, then you can also allow a=0 without a division by zero. Relative errors can also be adapted if b=&lt;b1,b2&gt; and a=&lt;a1,a2&gt; are a pair of on the X/Y plane. where NORM(v1,v2) is the euclidian norm or **distance** between two ordered pairs or between two vectors: v1 and v2. Then: ( Norm( b, a ) / Norm(a, &lt;0,0&gt;) ) * 100 &lt; tol and... Norm (b, a) = Sqrt( (b1-a1)^2 + (b2-a2)^2 ) Norm(a, &lt;0,0&gt;) = Sqrt( (a1-0)^2+(a2-0)^2 ) In other words ( Sqrt( (b1-a1)^2 + (b2-a2)^2 ) / Sqrt( (a1)^2+(a2)^2 ) ) * 100 &lt; tolerance
Let's see... during the past 2 weeks there have been approximately 6 major holidays during which its likely that Twitch people have not been looking at their piling up list of emotes waiting review, support requests, any ban appeals, etc: Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Years Eve, New Years Day plus the respective days before and after. Today has likely been the first normal business day for many people in the US in the past two weeks; I would suggest that probably for this time of year some more patience will go a long way. Twitch has a policy of never promising a timeline for review/approval of emotes, and as far as I know there are exactly zero ways for a non-partnered streamer to escalate or request that they expedite that anyone ever reported good results from.
Yes.... I am guessing that the two options here are: (1) Upgrade the sub to Tier2, OR potentially (2) Take the [option to disable the Gift sub's benefits](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/gift-subscriptions?language=en_US#ManagingGiftSubscriptions), and then re-subscribe afterwards. Of course, by the time it takes to go through those steps... a target channel's founder slots might already be filled. I do think this feels like a cheesy move on Twitch's part that gift subs are excluded from the sub Founder's badge system – my feeling is if the badge is to signify early supporters, then any of the first X users to have put at least $5 in bits, gift subs, etc, should put the contributor in line for a potential founder's slot. Or: when gifting an individual non-randomized gift sub: that the gifter should have an option of crediting the recipient as having subbed themselves, Because such a direct gift is often made by the streamer or someone else in honor of a community member's other support of a channel which equally warrants a special badge just as much as the self-subs. What Twitch has done here is essentially made gift subs toxic to anyone who would self-sub until a new affiliate's 10 founder slots are filled, And its kind of cheating since they don't refund/undo gifts, even if the recipient goes back and needs cancel the benefits received/have to pay extra, since the gifted subs have been stripped of a sub benefit (founder badge order), and the user now need a non-gifted sub to gain the full benefits of subscribing.
&gt; the one they claim to be real is completely wrong, ... Good. Step 1 is don't give them any clue their info is wrong; the more you can taint their information without them knowing the less likely they can do anything. It sounds like you have taken the main appropriate steps and exhausted the tools Twitch provides to deal with this, and unfortunately it becomes a game of who will be more persistent you, your moderators, and Twitch staff, or this nefarious troll. One question about the zombie followers chatting, though... Did you turn on Twitch's option to require e-mail address confirmation to send messages to chat? I would consider turning off follow alerts entirely; and it may be possible in the long run to have a custom bot check "Account Creation Dates" on new followers before allowing a user follow to be alerted on, or to send a message to the chat.
&gt; I'd like more such as the one that says thank you for following Sounds like you might want to look into one of the more advanced bots such as StreamElements' or one of many others that provide a new follower alert/welcome message. Nightbot is pretty much only basic spam filtering, simple custom and timed commands, plus a couple additional modules. For more complicated things like "alerts" responding to events other than a command; you are thinking of things that many other chatbots can do, but are beyond Nightbot's capabilities.
&gt; No answer from Twitch Support so far. &gt; Has anyone had this problem? Loss of VODs happens frequently enough to be a problem – it seems like once every 3 or 4 months I become aware about some kind of incident where streamers have said a video archive of a stream was lost; speedrunners have lost record-setting runs to Twitch issues (or dropped frames on their side, as well), when they didn't have local recordings. It seems like it is usually when Twitch was having some kind of technical problem that was noticeable in other ways at the time as well. Having trouble updating your title and category in my opinion: is a huge warning signal that possibly not all the Twitch services were responding appropriately, so they might have failed to add the VOD just like they failed to update the title. Its a bit interesting that there were still successful clips though. I would say it is strongly recommended to setup OBS to make local recordings of everything you stream to a second disk drive and plan to keep them around for at least a while: particularly, if its super-important that you be able to highlight streams, or if you might need that video later to prove something did or didn't happen: like needing to be able to prove a game record, or in cases where Twitch mistakenly took adverse actions against a creator's content – forget about using a server-side copy of the stream to prove anything, etc. Anyway, if you had a local recording: things could be set right by uploading that as a premiere through video producer. &gt; it says the past broadcast associated with this clip has expired. I believe the exact same message is shown if the archived video was same/deleted or never saved. "Expired" makes you think it was based on retention... In reality, if saving archived videos was not enabled at the time, or if Twitch's servers were having issues, then the 'retention' may have been 0 minutes.
&gt; if there's any way to have multiple streams linked to the same &gt; account? You have a few different options... You can have the other user(s) stream to their own channels, and then use a [Co-Stream](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/twitch-content-sharing-guidelines?language=en_US) or Re-streaming setup to bring it to the shared stream. You will need a variation on this if you want to have multiple people streaming simultaneously. If they are NOT streaming at the exact same time... E.G. its 24 hours, but you want to do it in shifts, then what you do is have only ONE user have OBS active at a time, and get them setup in advance to stream to the same channel What you can do is go into the settings within your Creator dashboard and ADD the other users' Twitch accounts as 'Authorized Broadcasters' - users permitted to stream to your channel. Once you have added them: they will be able to get a unique Stream Key to stream to the channel. You ***CAN*** have multiple users permitted to stream directly to a channel. Its just that they cannot do so at the exact same time. Keep in mind that you should trust the other members in this group absolutely, as your channel may be held responsible for anything they do, as if they skirt the ToS or are deemed to have violated it for instance – your channel/account that allowed them can potentially be facing suspension. Although at least by having everyone use a unique stream key; Twitch might in theory be able to know which user is responsible for any shenanigans. That brings me to the final option... You could have the charity channel ***HOST*** whichever broadcaster is active at the moment; Grant the members of the streaming group two roles: Editor role and Moderator role, so they can do chat things and change the /host on the main channel to the next caster at the appropriate time, so viewers can just stay on the main channel, and it will be hosting the active caster. And when one of the charity streamers is ending for the next one to start; you simply plan to have them /raid from their own channel to the next one while one of your group members managing the main channel switches the /host on the main channel at the time of the handoff. This would be one way to organize it so the charity group has independent streamers and there's no need to co-ordinate sharing a Twitch account. So hopefully you found what you were looking for, as I have named 3 different major approaches towards running a 24 hour event using multiple streamers (Individual streams and Co-stream/Re-stream, or Hosting others' streams, and Authorized Broadcasters But not at the same time \[No overlap can happen\]).
&gt; If you're deep in thought playing TFT for example, &gt; explain what you're thinking about and then take a &gt; second to think "Always be talking" never meant don't take a second to think – its simply a reminder that while streaming you don't get to just say a few things rarely and then forget about your audience: Every 3 to 4 minutes of your content should contain enough of your creative input in some form to capture new people and keep them interested or excited to keep watching for the next 3 to 4 minutes. It is okay if you the streamer are silent for 3 to 4 minutes at a time but avoid creating large gaps when nothing is being said, an in any case you don't want your viewers hearing completely dead air repeatedly, so if the game doesn't have some background music, then you had best add some kind of sound for periods when the speaker is silent: even if that background sound has to be white noise, its something.
&gt; I talked to a couple other more experienced streamers about &gt; this and they basically said that Twitch probably isn't going to &gt; bother with this situation because they don't care if people get &gt; Affiliate, .... Its more like: Twitch likely cares about significant botting, but they also know about trolls sending bot at channels where they are not wanted. Please see Twitch's Article [How to Deal with Fake Engagement](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/how-to-handle-view-follow-bots#handle) Key Takeaways are: 1. ***Don't Panic***, and, 2. ***Twitch will not punish a user for the actions of another***. If you are not responsible for botting, Twitch will not take action against you. 3. "It is very important to remember that just because a channel is having its view count artificially inflated, it does not necessarily mean the channel owner is behind it. The most important thing in reporting a channel for view-botting is having evidence." &gt; but it's been about 14 hours since this whole thing and the &gt; views are still there and it still considers me eligible for &gt; Affiliate. Well, then... did you consider that possibly some of the views may have been legitimate? &gt; I'm thinking about just going through with it because the &gt; worst they can do is just take Affiliate away right? The "worst" they can do is effect a channel ban or suspension. If you aren't responsible; then Twitch should be doing nothing – as the bots aren't your fault, and they cannot well allow streamers to get punished or blocked from monetizing just because their channel was a target of trolls. If they were to "take back" affiliate, then they would essentially be punishing you by allowing trolls to prevent you from being able to achieve affiliate without interference.
&gt; Could these attacks be done by competitive Twitch streamers, &gt; or their viewers? If you are a Twitch streamer: it would be pretty dumb to launch an attack against ingest servers, as if you break Twitch then it will ultimately detract from your own revenue; the ingest endpoints are pretty crucial for the whole service to function. &gt; Could these attacks be done by competitors such as Youtube, &gt; Mixer, etc.? No. Considering launching DoS is a serious crime; these types of actions will not be sanctioned by Google or Microsoft. &gt; Another question is, "Why would Twitch release these pipeline &gt; servers to the public?" I find this is an obvious flaw which &gt; people can easily attack Twitch's pipelines. What you are suggesting is tantamount to saying "Why would Google release the https://www.google.com URL needed to access their search service the public ?" Because the public needs to know this information; you cannot access an endpoint without its URL, therefore streamers cannot send their data to be ingested without the streaming applications knowing which URLs to use. In addition streamers need region-specific endpoint URLs to be able to choose the lowest latency Twitch POP for sending their ingest. This generally needs to be hard-coded into the software such as OBS to make it easy enough for streamers to actually use. The endpoint URLs of ingest locations is not tantamount to publishing the identity of a private server -- there can and ought/should be/likely are multiple actual load-balanced servers behind each Ingest server endpoint URL. The fact is DoS attacks target MANY large companies and all their services offered; The motives vary from kids trolling to internet cyber-terror and attempts to extract ransoms from large corporations under threat of attacks. Don't expect Twitch to release such details of attacks, because for security operations reasons they probably won't and should not. The solution is not to try to hide Ingest server addresses; as motivated attackers will find them out, but there are various strategies that can be developed to mitigate most forms of DDoS and still have services available.
&gt; "Connection to the fastest server near my location," &gt; and, "Connect to a another server near my location." You forget that the CLIENT, as in the software such as OBS makes the decision about which RTMP URL they will be connecting to. Twitch simply provides a set of "server" URLs per region. Technically Twitch could use virtual IP addresses and AnyCast'ed /24s to redirect all traffic to a local POP, But the fact of the matter is all IP addresses used ***will*** be discoverable by the public and could be aggregated. And an unfortunate side-effect of using DNSRR and AnyCast traffic for load balancing is that Streaming performance will suffer. There are complications for troubleshooting, and long-lived TCP connections like those required to stream may become disrupted during normal internet routing changes. RTMP is a stateful protocol and doesn't like it very much if the "Server near your location" changes to a different location due to a BGP Update occurring on the internet backbone outside of Twitch's direct capability to control or anticipate. Furthermore, all the decisions about which servers are closest or best cannot necessarily be made optimally by the server side or routing decisions or by DNS – The CLIENT is in the best position to figure out which server(s) are optimal or even reasonable to connect to.
Most affiliates will not need to worry about anything earned in 2020 until 2021; that is assuming any major net income you have had is as a W2 employee, and you have not met the dollar thresholds to be required to file and pay quarterly estimated taxes.
See the earn rates in Twitch's [Channel Points Guide](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/channel-points-guide?language=en_US#viewers) The Earn Rates table shows how points can be earned; its +10 per 5 minutes of watch time for non-subscribers. So you could say 50 minutes that would give you 100 points just by inactive watching. Next, you can increase that by +50 more points worth every 15 minutes for Active Watching (Click to Redeem); that's an extra 200 points an hour from clicking. These rates double for subscribers (400 points plus 240 = 640 points/hour for subs active watching Thus a 6-hour stream gives you a Maximum theoretical potential of 640 x 6 = 3,840 per stream from active watch (Time watching + Clicks) Must be active watching the entire stream clicking all those annoying little treasure boxes that pop up almost immediately. Participating in a raid is a 1-time bonus of 250 points after the end per stream. The first cheer and first gifts if done provide up to +850 points one time month. Finally, if you never miss a stream the watch streaks provide for +0 ,+300, +350, +400, for the first 4 streams, and then +450 per stream for successive streams. So within the first 30 days of 2 weeks per stream; assuming you are already subbed and followed before: you would be looking at 0 + 850 monthly + 3840 + 250 = 4940 after stream 1 4940 + 300 watch streak + 3840 + 250 = 9330 after stream 2 9330 + 350 + 3840 + 250 = 13770 after stream 3 13770 + 400 + 3840 + 250 = 18260 after stream 4 18260 + 450 + 3840 + 250 = 22800 after stream 5 22800 + 450 + 3840 + 250 = 27340 after stream 6 27340 + 4540 = 31880 after stream 7 31880 + 4540 = 36420 after stream 8 ***2nd Month*** 36420 + 850 monthly + 4540 per stream = 41810 after stream 9 41810 + 4540 = 46350 after stream 10 The third month begins after 6 more streams end. ( 55000 - 46350 ) / 4540 = 1.91 More Streams before 55,000 will be reached, so 55k will be reached before the 8th week. Thus a total of 12 streams minimum, and 6 weeks at 2 streams per week to reach 55K. When doing everything perfectly to earn as many points as possible
&gt; I get a consistent 2-3% packet loss on the upload. If the ISP claims everything okay... well, assuming the checks have been thorough and they aren't fundamentally wrong: its possible your network connection may be fine otherwise, but suffering from [bufferbloat](https://www.bufferbloat.net/projects/bloat/wiki/Introduction/) either on your internal network or at the modem, etc. In the OBS Settings &gt; Advanced; Have you tried checking the "Enable new networking code" and the ["Low Latency Mode"](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/comments/8kwue6/obs_new_network_code_option/dzbtadn/) options? That changes OBS transmission pattern in a manner only suitable for reliable network connections, but should improve fairness to other applications reducing the impact of other applications running on that PC. An occasional problem can be excessive buffering during OBS' large video uploads; also, if the buffers on equipment such as PC network card, Router, Modem are too large, then some IP packets can have so high latency that they are 'lost' packets as far as the applications are concerned.
This was added by Twitch in the past year as a feature called the new moderation tools which is a setting that is Enabled by default for most channels. Moderators of a channel (and the broadcaster) can just click on any username in chat, and within the User Card, below the Timeout/Ban button... there will be a number of options at the bottom if the user card including one to show Chat History, Moderator Comments, some info on History of Timeouts/Bans for that user.
&gt; I've tried streaming more days a week, but it was miserable. This is what matters the most. Don't stream so often and so long that you feel miserable, as it will be counterproductive in the long run... 3 streams a week is enough to have a respectable stream, for sure. &gt; is streaming with even a little success possible like this? It sure is possible with 3 streams a week for streams to grow; it may help if those are at least 4 to 5 hour-long streams, though. Before you worry too much about durations or number of streams though, consider this.... For many channels: much of the work being done to ultimately do well as a streamer probably happens off stream, as some of the best content requires some planning/other work. Also fostering community around content is really important on Twitch, and keeping those communities active with things to talk about, and getting your stream or content pollinated across the world through other channels, word of mouth between friends, social media, etc, is part of the process of maintaining and growing potential audience. Oh.. I mean: people who have come to your streams before are more likely to remember you across the days you aren't streaming and come back if they happen to participate in a nice discussion on Discord or Twitter, or see one of your YT videos after following, or if you happen to do a collaboration during one of your streams with another streamer they watch on days you are not streaming, etc. This aspect of making and keeping a robust active stream community is more important than the exact detail of how often you stream.
Channel subscription will provide generally a set of benefits SPECIFIC to the channel you are subscribing to while the sub is active, for most channels: that will be Access to emotes, Ad-Free Viewing, Subscriber badges, Chat during subscriber-only chat, View any sub-only streams, and some other channel-specific perks may apply such as higher channel points earn rates, unaffected by slow mode on that channel, etc. These apply regardless of whether you used a free channel sub from Prime or Paid sub to sub to that channel.
Twitch Prime benefits are [listed here](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/twitch-prime-guide?language=en_US#TwitchPrimeBenefits) A specific channel's sub benefits are usually displayed if you just push the "Subscribe" button and don't proceed to actually complete an order. If you are referring to "In-game loot": Unless a channel-specific arrangement exists, there is generally not loot or "drops" associated with just being a channel sub. Some Twitch channels have unique benefits, but most channels do not.
r/Twitch is an unofficial Twitch sub, and there is nothing we can really do to help you with an account suspension by Twitch, other than to wish you good luck... I would suggest following up on your case with Twitch.
&gt; I know that people who stream should generally be really really &gt; good That is not necessarily true. You want to create content people would enjoy to watch and try to build a community, and you don't necessarily need to have top-tier gameplay to do it.
One option is using the chat command: !commands add !fart This is where you would put the reply text The other option is visit nightbot's website at https://beta.nightbot.tv Login. If you are not the streamer but delegated by the streamer, than switch to their channel. Click "Commands" on the left-hand menu bar, then Choose custom And find the blue \[+ Add Command\] button.
I have seen the exact same one on Twitch; I mean -- it was not just the exact same pitch, but the exact same link as well.. my suspicion would be the gigz dot \*\* link person is one highly prolific spammer showing up on many channels. The link they plug is something that answers with HTTP 301 redirect to some landing page on Fiverr with tracking codes... They are clearly trying to solicit streamers to purchase services. But if you had wanted these services: the streamer could have gone to the marketplace or talked with people as there are MANY artists in the Twitch community ready offer these types of services to streamers, and many of them get their business by doing good work and relying on word of mouth in the streamer community, referrals, etc, rather than going out spamming chats and other such shady tactics. My suggestion to streamers would be to just ban them, and for sure don't encourage their spam/bad behavior by inquiring further. If you need overlay work, then there are plenty of ways for you to find people who are known to put a decent effort in, do good work, and who don't spam.
&gt; I'm not confident they can keep their place as the number 1 streaming I believe no content creator is going to leave Twitch because of [the Hype Train feature](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/hype-train-guide?language=en_US), because (1) Its designed to make them more money, AND (2) The creator is in control of it, therefore if they don't like it: they will just turn it off. If the viewers like the content; there are already a lot of annoyances people have to endure within chat related to Hype: emote spam, etc.. If anything Twitch's Advertising and removal of Prime ad-free viewing is the more significant annoyance. I doubt things like the Hype Train will be the feature that drives away any viewers, as well – its just something people complain about because they aren't used to the extra distractions popping up in chat. Those who truly care will find solutions to block the inline Popup windows.
&gt; doesn't mean the feature is then exempt from criticism Disabling it is not obscure at all for the person in control (the creator), and they'll likely consider doing so if the system gets too much rejection from viewers. Nothing is exempt from criticism; some viewers are going to see the whole system as a shameless moneygrab, and ultimately they might be inviting some of the unwanted attention from government regulators around microtransactions and gambling for in-game prizes that is bound to hit the industry eventually. Because the "hype train system" very obviously has elements which exploit human psychology designed to encourage a vulnerable audience (That includes children, even children Ages13 to 17) to make impulse purchases, by presenting users with time-limited decisions that has an element of gamification and gambling to make a contribution in exchange for a chance of some emotes. But none of that means this thing has a chance of substantive affect on whether Twitch is the number 1 streaming site or not.
&gt; receiving income from elsewhere may be against company policy &gt; and is totally legal Well: people can actually just decline to disclose that they do other work outside the scope of their employment.. regardless of what any company policy might say. Nothing inside a company policy has any weight during personal times when not conducting any affairs of the company, thus an employer does not have a right or capability to enforce people tell them or get permission to obtain work or to conduct other business in their personal life Outside those times of day when the employee is under the employer's direction and purports to be working. That is other than the employer might fire people if they find out, but that's likely to the employer's detriment. ..And its different from a non-compete where an employer claims a right to legally restrain someone from doing their job from someone else. The concept of trying to put a regular employee on a non-compete is already fairly sketchy, and its a kind of trade restraint that often would not hold up to a legal challenge. Non-competes have a purpose when there is a much larger transaction involved, such as a lease or sale of real-estate that includes a business interest, And the provision has a purpose such as protecting the value of a lease, other rights, or property or company being purchased from the other party who could potentially profit through other developments and becoming an adversary at the buyer's expense, otherwise.
Well, then... One path would be to maintain the appropriate types of liability insurance.. on the other hand... if you can't even afford the lawyers; then chances are the former employer will never be able to collect, even if they win. Then people go to the court In Forma Pauperis to file the motions and ultimately make the argument to the judge that it is an unconscionable contract term, because form/term of noncompete (1)Is wantonly one-sided and does not protect the employee, (2)Interferes with the fundamental right to be allowed to be hired, secure essential employment using person's abilities and education to make a living, (3)Extends past the period of employment, employer-employee relationship and expected termination of employment agreements, (4)Has not been paid for, and (5)Is stuck in as contract of adhesion after accepting an agreement or in a manner the employees have no negotiation power
So, change step 2 to "cause employer to end relationship by some means" and "get friends working for customers to call employer to inquire about your non-compete (to make them think twice about randomly waiving it to avoid payments)" ??
They are concerned about a type of intellectual property that a skilled software engineer or system admin could take to the next job inside their brain; for example, your previous company had a way of organizing/designing their network, or their AD structure... In theory it would be possible for you to move to a network admin/design position at a competitor and apply that same design to the competitor's network and thus give them an "improvement" or eliminate a competitive edge. Or, perhaps you were on the team that designed or built a self-driving car and you want to go work for a different self-driving car company. Even if you take **NONE** of the digital data with you; your brain is capable of carrying a lot of very specific experience from the things you were exposed to at the previous company. You might also as a developer remember things that your team had tried which didn't work, and from sharing your experience, also leading to a competitive edge. If you ask me.. NONE of this should be legally protectable. If you want to keep me from working for a competitor, then keep me hired and provide me Excellent conditions and Pay which are better than a competitor would be willing to provide in light of any experience that I have. None of this is information that could be fully protected by "systems", and its not patentable or copyrightable either, but in theory falls into the nebulous category of "Trade Secrets".
&gt; and it automatically resizes like FFZ does. Because doing it automatically on the server side takes away all control of the resizing process, and there is no one right way to resize a bitmap: this is an artistic choice. Just in the same way there is no one way to resize bitmap fonts (Although the problem of font scaling was eventually solved; it is quite complicated, was monopolized by one company for a long time, and involved the development of a system called "Hints"). Now... an Emoticon is much more complicated artistically than a Font, therefore, there can be MANY more issues with resizing, and automatic resizing does not necessarily give an appropriate result. By requiring the user or artist to upload the versions; the user chooses the resizing algorithm, options, and methods in producing the 3 lossless sizes of the image. This assures if the resizing caused a bad result, then it won't have been Twitch's fault. Emote icons are presented using lossless image formats, but producing a smaller size image necessarily discards information. FFZ may provide an automation for convenience, BUT it is not necessarily going to do the right thing, or does not necessarily do the best thing with regards to producing the new image size – FFZ's resizing may be good enough most of the time, but that is not necessarily up to Twitch and broadcasters' standards. If you utilize an advanced enough image editor... you will find there are actually options regarding **how** to accomplish resizing. And creating the most attractive form of a smaller version can be much more complicated than some form of automated resampling
Well, 250ohms would be high-impedance headphones; I believe the matter is the GoXLR cannot deliver to comfortably power that, and you would need to put a headphone amp in in between the GoXLR and the headphones... Very carefully, and you might want to talk with the manufacturer about this, as you definitely don't want to risk pushing too much power through the headphones.
&gt; This is made worse by if I turn down my gain This mic actually needs the &gt;30db of gain; Also, my understanding is the GoXLR Mini product has a software setup where the type/model mic being used is to be selected. I would suggest checking for possible electrical issues, as in there might be something wrong with the cabling, the microphone wiring or connections might be inadequate, or there might be a nearby source of RFI/electromagnetic noise. With the high amount of amplification being required for this mic; any electromagnetic noise coming in has to be extremely low to avoid coming up with the signal. The use of a noise reduction filter might also be helpful, since such a high gain mic has been chosen
&gt; Can I get in trouble by Disney or Twitch for something like this? &gt; Or am I safe? This is mainly, or entirely up to Disney and companies working for them to protect their assets and branding and the rights to their works against commercial exploitation by others; should Disney or their agents find out about this. I mean: I think we could confidently say that it is Not 100% safe for sure for anybody to do this, and in theory there's at least a small chance Disney would dispute a streamer choosing to use a notification and might send in an DMCA letter to Twitch in order to expedite removing content, even if its just a 10 second clip; some kinds of presentations would likely to be have more issues than others, and how significant the clip is to the original work may be important. That seems like it might be pretty unlikely for most clips if its JUST a 10 second clip, and they are long streams that only include the clip extremely rarely like once or twice within an hour's video length. The probability of this clip usage coming to light would be small, unless the same notification is allowed to fire off much more frequently. Just some general concepts that may apply.... In theory per Lenz vs Universal; a claimant must give consideration to the possibility of fair use in good faith before even sending in a DMCA letter, but a company such as Disney might ignore that and just make a claim anyway, and further whether a streamer could argue a short notification clip as allowed by fair would depend on a number of factors including how brief and limited the clip was, how frequently they put it out there, how transformative your use was,etc. The [fair use factors](https://fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/fair-use/four-factors/).
Twitch does this only for ***Music*** in saved video content such as Videos on Demand, Clips, and Highlights. As a proactive step. That doesn't mute a live broadcast; the people watching when its first streamed will still hear the content, and its still subject to the possibility of a claim (Although not a very high likelihood of a claim: it is still possible, can, and has happened in other cases; mainly involving some prominent streamers playing a certain label's music, but it is far from impossible to have a DMCA claim laid on a channel for reusing some clip of dialogue from a movie).
&gt; protect you and them by destroying the evidence to put it simply. Its called Twitch taking some proactive steps to prevent making an infringing VOD available for repeat viewing. There is nothing really showing anyone are "destroying evidence" – I doubt Twitch would go that far. Destroying evidence, or anything that a court will believe should have been reasonably expected at the time to become evidence, spoliation, is actually illegal and could result in unfavorable inferences. But they certainly don't have to publish or make it available to public: particularly, since publishing infringing content would be the damaging act. They keep the muted content for at least a short period of time during which the streamer can actually appeal the muting... they probably discard it eventually, my suspicion would be around the same time the VOD expires, but before then, its all likely discoverable by subpoena.
&gt; I don't think it falls under any of the common fair use uses, like commentary/critique, parody, education, etc. The purpose and character of the use is only 1 factor for fair use, so an evaluation of other factors could still have it as fair use. Any kind of purpose will have a potential of still being valid for fair use – at least if the original work was not for the same purpose. I am not going to try and evaluate fair use for the exact situation described, but an evaluation of fair use should consider all 4 factors carefully, As well as the other possibility that may apply [de minimis use](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Commons:De_minimis#What_is_%22de_minimis%22?) – which is a different foundation than fair use – as in the inclusion of this 6 word audio snippet "This is either madness, or brilliance!" for the purpose of alluding to another work or making the reference to bring that subject into mind may in fact be de minimis. If the use can be proven de minimis, then its not infringement even if its also not fair use.
If I recall correctly the change was from ***3 day expiration*** to 14 day expiration and elimination of the "Save Forever" Option was a tradeoff regarding storage costs for VODs. And that even today VODs still expire after 14 days if you don't have ["Extended VOD Storage"](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/videos-on-demand?language=en_US#managing). Those who are Partnered have an included extended VOD storage benefit; as do Prime or Turbo members. [Twitch's Blog article of August, 2014]( https://blog.twitch.tv/en/2014/08/06/update-changes-to-vods-on-twitch-169cd8bda850/) &gt; Going forward, we’re increasing default rolling storage for past &gt; broadcasts from 3 days to a maximum of 14 days, for everyone &gt; who has opted in (i.e., enabled Archive Broadcasts). For Turbo &gt; subscribers and members of the Twitch Partner Program, that &gt; storage is increased to a maximum of 60 days. &gt; &gt; Unfortunately, increasing the amount of storage this way comes &gt; at considerable cost. In order to enable this, we have to remove &gt; the “save forever” option entirely for past broadcasts. Given the &gt; viewership patterns on past broadcasts, we believe the tradeoff is &gt; better for everyone. To be clear: this is not a move to economize &gt; on space. Due to the triple redundancy, it will actually require us &gt; to substantially increase our total amount of storage. &gt; &gt; Highlights will be saved indefinitely; however, they will now be &gt; limited to 2 hours in length. All prior highlights that you’ve made &gt; will be saved regardless of length. &gt; &gt;
&gt; Isn’t that such a low thing to do? Or am I just sensitive? Well; It can harm the streamer's growth, because people will eventually learn that her donation thresholds are fake – i'm not sure its "low" so much as there are consequences when your contributors learn that you don't respect them or keep your word. There might also be some fraudulent appropriation of the monetary contributions involved in case the person states that they are accepting contribution of moneys toward one purpose but then ignores that; However, I doubt anything comes of that... it will certainly become news if a streamer ever winds up in legal troubles due to cancelling paid-up incentives of that kind.
&gt; Or would you say, that it's harder to gain new viewers in &gt; the more popular categories? Well, first of all... your whole way of describing this sounds like you might be trying to rely too much on the directory, which is probably a bad idea; the thing is unpopular categories don't have many looking at it, and popular categories will not have people looking at page 20 where streams with less than 100 viewers show up. I would strongly recommend spreading the word about who you are and what and when you will be streaming through means NOT necessarily using Twitch's directory. Discoverability through Twitch is kind of poor, and the directory is especially not as useful for streamers with such a following that would need to ask that question, unless you are in the top of the directory (Meaning you already have a high viewer count) under a popular category. There are more potential viewers to meet by word of mouth or on social media than in the Twitch directory, most likely. Secondly; The category must match the content... I mean: if you are streaming something that falls under a Creative category, then its not allowed by Twitch ToS to put the stream under Just Chatting, unless the creative category no longer applies to what is underway, and its really just chatting. I would suggest streaming different content under different categories at different times to increase the number/variety of potential new eyes.
&gt; I’ve seen people use “P-word” instead of “Partner” I believe that is an anomaly. Partners usually celebrate that as one of their achievements, and Affiliates who have a chance of obtaining partnership strive to do so. Basically: I suspect that you saw that is a sign that perhaps you were watching some affiliate streamer who bears some insecurity and jealousy or pettiness; I just assume someone would have to be pretty sour to say "don't even mention the word". I watch many affiliates, and naturally there is a lot of rubbish many streamers do with their chats that viewers just have to tolerate, but I believe i'd be bound to wind up unfollowing them if they are so overbearing on their chat that they such trite nonsense as "don't say the word Partner ever" is within that caster's regular behavior. It just sounds over the top... Erm; I never heard it before, anyway.
&gt; psychological therapy is something that should happen behind &gt; closed door with the thrapist and the patient, not everyone &gt; should necessarly be able to see you being vulnerable your &gt; true Well; streaming to the "internet" could be the ultimate group therapy setting, but then again the group could be too huge and has many unvetted that may wander in to a Twitch channel and some that could be outright malicious.. I think the important things are that... (1) Anybody administering therapy to treat a condition is qualified to do so, appropriately certified and/or licensed where they practice and following all appropriate professional and ethical standards; and that this isn't some weird exploitative relationship like "Free therapy, but only if we get to film it and share it with the public"... Usually confidentiality is a must, but if all parties agree to do something different, then it should be okay. (2) It seems like it should be necessary that the caster plus everyone involved in that session understand it is being streamed and are fully comfortable and in agreement with that situation. If they are not... then severe privacy violation, Twitch ToS issues, etc. (3) They should at first have sessions that are fully confidential and not public, at the very least to lay any groundwork and planning, and take steps to make sure the streaming of some sessions will not be harmful or unhealthy – I mean, if this is medical psychological therapy: starting with any form of publicly streamed or "group" sessions should not be able to be considered a full course of therapy... Its prudent that many private sessions would have occurred first.; the "patient" as it were need to have the opportunity to discuss things that they will not or should not want to be telling the entire internet about. I feel like if there was not private one-on-one sessions as well, then the public sessions are likely to be tainted in some way or limiting that causes them to be less productive. Most people will or ought to be apprehensive about discussing intimately personal matters in a group or public setting. Certainly there are likely pitfalls to not doing this in private; like the therapy might be less effective, there are bound to be depths people don't go down into within discussion when they know that others are watching and it will be recorded, but people have that choice too. &gt; you never know what someone could do with those &gt; information Those types of fears are likely to reduce the topics that wind up coming up. Alternatively, yes... There is a risk of malicious trolls attempting to listen in on a session and abuse anything revealed.
Yeah...an electric heater is approximately 100% inefficient; that's why electric heaters are not great. Meanwhile a good air-source heat pump can move 3 - 4x as much thermal energy into the room from the buried thermal reservoir as the heater consumes; giving 300 to 400% effective heating efficiency. Second, oh actually the electric heaters are not really even fully 100%; there will always be some losses in the operation of the heater, such as voltage dropped across the building wiring associated with the heater's load that don't result in heat released to the room: also, usually the electric heater will still need a fan to circulate air, thus there will still be some other loss from the more orderly circulation of air.. since real-world rooms are not airtight and not closed systems; the circulation that actually heats the room will also push some hot air out of the room that is desired to be heated.
Some people actually do need these to provide a temporary or emergency heat source; some people can't afford central heat, also. Most of these units probably have "For residential use only; Not for commercial environment" in the manual. What should happen is HR should strictly enforce that.
&gt; &gt; The moment I installed it twitch was automatically added to the &gt; app and now I have 2FA active with that app instead without &gt; even asking me if I want or not. &gt; Since you already installed it on one device; I would really suggest setting up the Authy app on the Phone linked to your main phone number, otherwise you could continue to use it on devices choosing "Request SMS" during login when necessary. Other ideas would be to use something other than Authy for whatever site it is you want the desktop app for. This is how Authy works... every site on your Authy account that is bound with your primary phone number is supposed to appear on the app if you've successfully added the device to your Authy account, and they don't allow you to Cherrypick accounts to be available on each of your Authy devices. The exception would be things like you had multiple Authy accounts, or if the time you added the account to the first Authy device you had a backup password, then added another Authy app to your account without providing the backup password required to decrypt that account. Multiple Authy accounts is pretty scary though, as that means multiple main phone numbers needed that also need to be maintained and managed, and that could get confusing and complicated very quickly.
&gt; All of this is happening despite the Amazon/Twitch sites &gt; listing that they ARE eligible. I would like to ask, on what page do you see that are they listed as eligible; was there supporting verbiage published somewhere that Business Prime has this benefit? Amazon Prime and Business Prime are not the same programs; as far as I know Business Prime service was always presented as including features for businesses; Not Entertainment benefits suitable for individuals. Some people might have been able to receive some benefits that were not advertised features of Business Prime by error or mistake; if that were not the case, then it is extremely doubtful they would be disabling an advertised benefit, as Amazon would likely not be making a major removal from users' paid up subscriptions without an announcement well in advance about elimination of a benefit from the service to avoid the types of complaints that would generate. Apparently at some date in the past it was also possible for Amazon Business accounts to be signed up for Prime, but nowadays they can only sign up for Business Prime.
&gt; "if you've successfully added the device to your Authy account". &gt; Is that where you scan No; adding or linking a "Device" occurs when you install the app on an additional device and start using the App on the additional device for the first time on that new or additional backup device. After launching Authy's app for the first time: it will go through a setup will go through a process where you provide your main number, then the Authy app on your other device will prompt you to Approve connecting this additional device to the account. Once the additional device is added; you will have access to the same accounts as on your other devices that run the Authy app, assuming the Back-Up feature is enabled (Accessing an account the first time may prompt for the back-up passphrase that was in effect on the other devices if it was different than the backup passphrase being setup/changed to on the new device). After you have added all your devices; users can then go into the app and switch the multiple device Tick box back to Off, after which no additional Authy apps can be linked to the account without turning it back on from a device that is already approved to the Authy account. The provisioning of the additional back-up devices paired with the authy account through the Approval process is what allows users to regain access to their Authy accounts in case the phone gets lost or broken, etc – In other words: People don't want to permanently lose access to their Discord, Twitch or other services' accounts using 2FA, just because their cell phone fell in the toilet; That is one of the major reasons the backup, multi-device support, and multi-platform versions of the app are useful...
My understanding is Twitch support is not likely ever going to remove 2FA from any users' accounts, and it is strongly suggested to try Authy's process first. Check Authy's website for the [Phone Number Change Process](https://support.authy.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001953247-Phone-Number-Change-Process-for-Authy-and-How-Long-it-Takes) to get your phone number changed with Authy. As long as your previous phone number has not yet been given to someone else, then you can likely get it updated to your new phone number through this process. You will need to make sure you read that document carefully and pick the right set of instructions to use for your situation. Beware of the fact that there may be a 48 to 72 hour waiting period for security purposes – Authy doesn't want the Phone Number change process to be able to be used to steal someone's account, so they'll be sending alerts about the request and giving anyone with access to receive texts at that phone number an opportunity to cancel the request and block the phone number from being changed.
&gt; I can't secure it in a way that only I can access it when &gt; I start it as an app. If you click the settings option in bottom right corner of Desktop app; at least in the Chrome version of the app, there should be an option available called ["Master Password"](https://support.authy.com/hc/en-us/articles/360012941734-Authy-App-Master-Password-for-Desktop-and-Chrome). If enabled, then you can supply a passphrase which will encrypt the Desktop app's data and be required to open the app.
Good afternoon, welcome, thank you for participating. However, please see the [r/Twitch Subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). In particular the sub is not really any kind of place to promote boycotting a streamer if they aren't comfortable/wanting doing something. &gt; :1. General Guidelines (D) Don't target, harass, or abuse others. (E) Don't call out others in a negative manner. Or &gt; :2. Advertisement Guidelines (A) A. Don’t post channel links or usernames.
The founder badge will vanish if your sub expires, but is not gone permanently. Losing the badge permanently only happens if your account is hit by Twitch with a temporary site-wide suspension such as a 1-day ban at some time in the future, or if you delete your account: in those two cases, you permanently lose the badge and cannot re-obtain it. Otherwise, as explained by Twitch's help article on the [Founder Badge](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/founders-badge?language=it_IT) -- renewing the subscription during a future month can reinstate the badge. If you re-sub some later month it will still be there.
&gt; Any bits discounts are random and sporadic, That is true, and even if you wait for the next promo... All the promotional discounts on bits I have seen have been Limited to a single one-time purchase Per User per Offer of a specified number of bits, so once or twice a year, there may be a chance to buy something like 1500 bits for $15, just once per promotion, but if you want to buy more bits after that, say 10000 more; the only Discount afterward is the standard much lower 10% volume discount that is always available. I've yet to see a discount that would allow a single donor to get an efficient rate. Better off making any large donations directly rather than through bits or subs.
&gt; When you switch an emote in a slot, does it get rid of the old &gt; emote immediately Twitch's system forces you to delete the old emote before you can upload the old one, and unless you are partner: that means awaiting approvals. Experience seems to show old emotes being uploaded still take time: they don't skip the approval process nor seem to get approved any faster than something brand new that's never been used before, unfortunately... By the way; I know of at least 1 Affiliate who has been waiting since November for their old emote to be re-approved, and another streamer who said on stream their emote upload is still pending approval from early December, so it is really sounding like in the past few months their approval process may be extremely swamped. I doubt winter vacations helped much, so December/January might be especially bad months to be starting the process of switching emotes.... here's hoping that will get better, and best of luck to you getting new emote approvals in quickly.
&gt; I’ve also heard running a second copy of OBS might be the best &gt; solution? A second copy of OBS is not actually necessary. OBS can record, and you can setup some separate settings for recording. OBS supports Recording multiple audio channels; When you are setting up recording you check a box to indicate which Channels that audio source should be on; for example, you might check "2,3, and 4". To indicate THOSE 3 channels should be in your local recording for Youtube, but you Uncheck Channel 1, Because Channel 1 is going to be your Twitch Live stream's outgoing Audio. Next in OBS you go to an audio channel and open "Advanced Audio Properties" to bring up the virtual mixer. There will be a checkbox in OBS to indicate which channels you want each Audio Input recorded to. The convention is to have Channel 1 checked on every Audio source that you are choosing to Output, Because Twitch streaming only supports a single audio channel for the live stream, and Channel 1 is typically setup for that. By default Channel 1 should already be checked for every source, But the idea is to go through each audio source and Uncheck all the additional channels, Then go to each audio source You need to record for Youtube and check an additional channel. For example; one scenario might be: You may output your Desktop Audio/Alerts to Channels 1 and Channel 2; Your Game Audio to Channels 1 and 3; Your Microphone Audio/Commentary to Channels 1 and 4. By live streaming Channel 1 from OBS; your Twitch stream will have all that audio. But when you start recording – If you get this setup properly, with the video file to local record Channels 2, 3, 4, etc, and use a mkv container; with enough disk space on a separate drive, etc. Then there should be a "Start Recording" button under "Start Streaming" and you push that button to start recording as well. One thing to keep in mind is most video players will NOT support finding multiple audio channels that are in the container; this recording is not for unedited playback, as in for sure if you don't record anything into the video file that is a combined channel, then you will not be able to preview the video in a standard video player until going through the editing process, as in you WILL need to Edit the video files and combine audio channels into a single output track as part of creating the final video products for upload. On the other hand; by recording each audio source to a separate channel... You will have Immense control with audio editing tools to not only be able to Mute channels you don't want, or change the relative levels in an audio editor later, but post-processing individual audio sources within Audacity, etc, is possible.
&gt;how would twitch even have my phone number if I didn't have &gt; 2FA on? Are you quite certain it isn't a code sent inside an e-mail message? If 2FA is really turned off on your accounts, then it is unlikely Twitch should be sending you 2FA codes over SMS. Perhaps you have a second or alternate account with 2FA still enabled, which you don't often think about? In any case; If you have received an unexpected code for login on one of your accounts, then I would suspect that the login password has likely been guessed by an account attacker, and take all appropriate steps assuming it has been.
Perhaps start your command with . instead of /
&gt; They seem to enjoy my presence in their chat but their mod &gt; hates me and I feel like I keep getting targeted for behavior &gt; that everyone else gets away with. If their moderator makes you feel unwelcome, and you believe this mod retaliates against you over a personal conflict, then it seems a sensible course to FIRST: it is suggested to make sure your suspicion is one that is obviously evident, documentable based on objective proof you have at hand, and obvious and not just a worry. Most streamers are going to give their mods and friends they have had more interactions with the benefit of the doubt. Next... If possible, try to face consequences instead of running. Just quietly leaving, rather than closing matters can be setting things up for more drama later. If possible try to discuss (in private, and in a polite professional friendly tone) directly with the moderator/people in question, and see if you can't clear up your differences some way: So that at least from other users' perspective, they should see you aren't the one holding something against them, etc. Don't expect the streamer or the moderator to be kind to you if you are keeping a past conflict open. .. . second, Only if/after other steps failed, it would seem like a good idea to let the streamer know (privately); Finally, whether you choose to continue to try and support and/or visit the stream at all or not is something you could decide later. Ideally I would suggest before you do anything, that you would try and sort out any perceived conflict with the person you have a "beef" with; its not good to have more than a couple people in the Twitch community who "really, really do not like you", as you describe; It is very strange for any viewer to coincidentally happen to have a beef with a bunch of streamers' friends – that type of thing doesn't happen on its own, and it makes for a precarious situation regarding possibly causing more trouble in the future... most people will not strongly dislike someone, unless there has been some major reason like overt trolling, extremely derogatory responses, or other offensive conduct involved, etc. Ultimately its not a 100% thing that just leaving the stream will rectify the situation: the moderators you had problems with will still be Twitch users, and if they are following the same kinds of games/streamers as you, those users or one of their friends might wind up in the same streams as you in the future, heck... one of those persons might wind up moderating in more streams you follow; you might be a familiar face to them, because of something derogatory their friends said about their experience with you, etc. If it is at all possible.. it would be suggested to try to work to clear up any and all "beefs" amicably and in private..
&gt; if you have a problem with a mod/admin just ignore or block them If the moderator is deliberately instigating/escalating the conflict, then blocking them accomplishes nothing, as it does not prevent that mod continuing to make retaliatory timeouts in the channel (if that is what is happening). Best bet in that situation may ultimately be to present the proof of what the mod have done and are doing to make people unwelcome in private to the streamer, And to other mods and key individuals within that channel's community, and then... Either the streamer gets their staff issue sorted all out, or they choose to let it slide, losing them viewers.
You might want to search Twitch's developers' forums topics for some related topics such as [this one](https://discuss.dev.twitch.tv/t/how-to-get-list-of-top-streams-for-a-specific-game/14173) to help understand how to build the integration in addition to reading the API Documents. That docs link from Niall_47 above shows the endpoint that will provide a list of Live streams, you just add a `game_id` filter to include only results for a specific game. &gt; `GET https://api.twitch.tv/helix/streams?game_id=yyyyy&amp;first=5` Would return the information about 5 streams. You would use a `game_id` that corresponds to your game instead of yyyyy, And then your server-side script would need to use the data returned to supply something to your website's frontend / Embed scripts. To initially figure out which game_id has been assigned to your game, there's another endpoint one can make a one-time request against. For example &gt; `curl -H 'Accept: application/vnd.twitchtv.v5+json' \` `-H 'Client-ID: XXXXX' -XGET 'https://api.twitch.tv/kraken/games/top?limit=100'` Where XXXXX is your application's client-id
&gt; hell are people running around with It is most likely the same reason you are apparently able to use it in your post, their intended use is not necessarily to denigrate others, and/or the use is not necessarily considered severely offensive or inappropriate by the average person. Some words that might sometimes have intended Pejorative connotation in some contexts have different levels of taboo, or might be completely innocent/not an expression of hate in general. In other words... just because you formed an opinion that mere appearance of such and such word will be "racist" or intended to mock based on race, etc, does Not necessarily mean that others agree with you, and its Twitch staff opinion that matter when considering reports.
Emote should not be submitted if you think that the emote itself contains what would be considered Vulgarity "obscene or explicit words, phrases, and gestures" or could be considered as "targeted insults, bullying, and threatening or inciting abuse". Twitch has their [own separate set of guidelines for subscriber emotes](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/subscriber-emoticon-guide?language=en_US) that go further even than ToS... if Twitch don't think an emote is appropriate, then the emote ought to be rejected when reviewed by Twitch. That seems to be an obscure usage, however. Nonce is more commonly used as a technical term for a ["number used once"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptographic_nonce) Anyways; this might be more appropriate as FFZ/private channel emote material. Its possible Twitch would not like very much the idea of having an emote used to call other users' such things – there may be in an inside joke on a specific channel where the use of the word is always used as a playful insult and never seriously intended.. But how would you make that clear in the emote? Sub emotes are for use throughout Twitch, and might be picked up by a troll or misused, and one should consider in what light the emote will be seen if misused. On the other hand; the word "nonce" may be just so obscure that Twitch could likely approve it, anyways.
This is addressed in [Twitch sexual content policy](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/sexualcontent/#nudity-and-sexual-content-in-games) In short: If the game is rated M for Mature and not on the prohibited games list, then SOME in-game nudity is Okay if the game is otherwise compliant with Community Guidelines. For M rated games you ought to enable the flag that the Stream contains mature content inappropriate for younger audiences, And get through and over any scenes containing nudity quickly without dwelling on those scenes or making the nudity a focus of your content.
&gt; Advising others that you can't do 1080p60 on Twitch if you &gt; are not a partner/affiliates. That is 100% BS. No; I mean, that is pretty solid advise. You are only technically correct that a possible way exists to do it, but as you mentioned you had to make sacrifices, use a GPU encoder, and even had to lower graphics settings in games, as a result your experience is likely game-specific; There are some games that will throw higher CPU and GPU demands than others, not offering the extra headroom needed, there will be some things at 1080p60 that likely won't look good at only 6000kbps, and that does not change the fact that its still pretty solid advise, as in if you are not even Affiliate: 1080p60 is not worth pursuing before growing a stream, since 720p30 or 720p60 will have more than enough quality to go around. The extra technical hurdles streaming 1080p60 are one aspect of that; the streamer will be detracted from more important things if they are needing to constantly tweak new games, etc, to get them to stream properly on average gaming hardware: the bigger problem is viewing experience. Streaming at 6000kbps without transcoding will make the stream unwatchable by many many people that don't have the bandwidth to smoothly play a 6Mbps stream without hiccups, buffering, disconnects, etc. And non–affiliate streamers are the last in line for the needed Twitch quality options to do this well, so are likely to be without this often..
&gt; I think in 2020, there is a lot more people who have access &gt; to 6 MB/s than you think. Well, when you say 6 MB/s aka 48 Mbps; you are likely not far off to what kind of end user connection is required to watch a 6 Mbps-encoded stream reliably after taking overheads and likely sources of contention into account , but many many US residential users have only either Mobile or DSL services, that often would max out at less than 10 Mbps real-world download rates End-to-End from Twitch servers, which is usually several hops across multiple IP transit providers. &gt; I get transcoding fairly often theses day for those who &gt; can't but I never received any complain about it either. Its fortunate to get transcoding often, but you are also in the already-Affiliate camp, which have a higher chance of access to this feature than non-Affiliates. Even so, I see multiple Affiliates I follow still not getting transcoding when they start streams during prime time, etc. Viewers don't reliably complain about things; unfortunately, nor are viewers necessarily going to be particularly aware of streaming issues and technology or that this is something for the caster to look at, For the same reason the streamer should preview – most people just likely aren't going to both recognize an issue and come forward with that issue, it may be necessary to actually use a measure of bounce rate to actually see if new people jump out quickly, then the viewers who stay long enough that they would actually have time to complain are the people that can access the video at least somewhat; I have happened to visit countless broadcasts where there was some major issue, e.g. it turned out the streamer was dropping frames for more than an hour, with 50 people watching, the streamer had no idea, and not a soul told the broadcaster. Possibly, many viewers might just assume its Twitch broken, maybe click the "Report Playback Issues" button and leave, or they may be there chatting As if playback were working just fine, not necessarily aware that their video is 30 seconds behind due to buffering.
I would suggest visiting Twitch's extensions directory in the Twitch creator dashboard under the category: [Extensions for Games](https://dashboard.twitch.tv/extensions/categories/cbca1847-6448-409d-a0e2-03e0076a6165), as many of the games with Viewer-interaction today and in the future will likely be Overlay extensions. Main things that comes to mind for me are CrowdControl, Automation 0059 and Clone Drone in the Danger zone. Clone Drone invited the chat to use chat bot commands that apply points towards spawning in various opponents with or without upgrades.
&gt; I was told I am too valuable in my current position and &gt; that they'd have to find someone to backfill my position. I guess there is a response to this and that is... "I plan to not be in a position involving manual QA in 6 weeks, one way or another." Then you had best start applying for and interviewing your target position with other companies as well, as you have now effectively put your notice in. You might also get a superior offer this way than what a current employer will offer you, and you leave an org that probably doesn't respect you, because they're going to try and hold you back in your career for being "too valuable" in a lesser role at that company.
&gt; &gt; but how common is it for someone to only allow discussion &gt; about the streamer and what's going on in the game? &gt; Unknown... I have seen the entire range between streamer decides on lightly-moderated and much stuff in terms of spam goes freely and unchecked, anything other than ToS vio or trolling other users; All the way down to: chat is kept in 5-second slow mode, and offtopic posters are timed out instantly. In my personal opinion, either extreme of the spectrum is potentially bad for a new streamer hoping to build a community. I especially don't have an affinity for streams where messages are deleted for no obvious reason, or heavily moderated to the point where discussion is limited to only a few topics, but its obviously necessary in a massive session such as GDQ channels during an event, where there are way too many people to accommodate random banter, and the purpose of such chat is not for random discussion in the first place. So sure, there are places where its appropriate. If its a small channel trying to build community/normal stream not overrun by spam, and they say you can only talk about the game, then I would have to say I think that's a misguided way of handling chat.
You should be fine to login to Paypal and cancel any PreApproved payment connections **Any time you want** with any Paypal vendor, whether that be Twitch, or anyone else, period. You will simply just need to setup a new payment method next time you wish to make a purchase, and any subscriptions setup before will not renew and will expire, unless you change the payment method to a new recurring plan or method.
How did you determine that Affiliate status has been 'removed'; did you see Affiliate-specific options vanish from your Creator dashboard: how exactly did you decide that Twitch deleted your affiliate status? Did Twitch send you an e-mail? You may want to [email Twitch support](http://link.twitch.tv/help), but before you do.... check your e-mail and notifications, come back a little bit later, and make 100% sure it wasn't just some temporary issue you were seeing in one of the Twitch User Interfaces, that could be a glitch.
&gt; but it doesn't pop up at all during the two streams from &gt; that time period whenever I go to re-watch them. Chat replay is usually gone for older streams, even those in 2019 for clips, after the time frame of the original VOD expiring.
&gt; there will be times where I am free but it's not my streaming &gt; schedule, and I usually stream on that time too. Is this a bad &gt; thing? As long as you make the times on your schedule most of the time; its all gravy... Generally speaking, people will enjoy a surprise bonus stream on occasion; well, at least the viewers who are able to attend it. If you are playing a game that has a storyline on your normal streams, then I would suggest not "advancing the story", or just play a different game instead out of respect for those who might want to see all the story progression but couldn't make it out for an extra surprise stream. &gt; any idea how the hell does xQc have that emote counter &gt; combo on his bottom left on the screen? Counting what? Well; its possible to have custom widgets that use data, which data might be collected by a custom bot or script.
That really sounds exactly like the "Emote Counter" widget Stream Elements was tweeting about a few weeks ago; Did you check for Emote Counter? I cannot check at this very moment, but I believe that would be a Component or Widget option under a 'Themes' section of the StreamElements' dashboard.
Yes... I would suggest turning on the default awards, but have the prices boosted up high, because loyal viewers are going to mostly rack up points, also.. doing Points-based unlocks should not be a substitute for subscribing, unless that is what you want.... Then just come up with a few manual incentives viewers will want to put at some high point levels, in addition to the default library of automatic rewards. However, keep in mind that all loyal viewers are going to reach this level eventually, so it probably shouldn't be terribly extraordinary; i've seen some streamers put unusual things like "End stream right now - 200k points", "Change games !games for list - 50k", "Time out a mod - 30k points", so yeah, you could put many different things. Some streamers do things like "Pick the next game", "Drink water / Take a break" or Change something about the scene An example scheme could be something like: For one who streams 12 hours a week or so.... (You will probably want to work out point values based on how often you stream, so for example, your average viewer can't get more than 1 Highlight message award per 2 weeks) Unlock random emote for 24 hours = 2,000 Points Modify an Emote = 3,000 Points (That corresponds to approximately 12 hours of stream inactive watch time, or 9 hours active watch time; HALF those two figures for subscribers) Unlock an emote of choice for 24h = 5,000 Points Highlight Message = 10,000 Points (That's about 32 - 43 hours watch time, again half that for subs... ) 25k points - (A) Change the lighting color 50k points - (B) Put on a different hat (that's 160 to 215 hours watch time, 80 to 107 for subs) 100,000 Points – (C) Ask a Question (That's 10x the 10k award or 320 to 430 hours non-sub, or about 160 to 215 hours subscriber watching) 75,000 Points - (D) Spin the wheel
It is probably short for something like "LOL, Wow" or Lol, What?" the –W suffix is usually denoting an exagerated variation of the emote without the suffix; like LUL but with extra awkwardness or extra intensity.
&gt; Can anyone tell me if streamers are independent contractors or &gt; W2 employees for their respective platforms A streamer might be an employee, or might be considered self-employed, but the general rule is they are Not going to be employees of Twitch, Youtube, etc. Or at least, not by virtue of being a streamer (Some Staff members of Twitch also have their own channels...). When a new streamer begins to monetize their channel; for example, by joining the Twitch Partner or Affiliate programs, then they don't receive any kind of "Wages" or "Salary" from Twitch – the agreement most will have is a standard one, either a Partner agreement or an Affiliate agreement, that provides a Revenue share, for example as discussed in the [affiliate program agreement](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/affiliate-agreement/) under `3. Program Fees.`. For example: &gt; The Net Subscription Revenues for the Channel Subscription Services will be split 50% to you and 50% to us. &gt; “Net Subscription Revenues” means the total revenues actually received by us from viewers and end users who have purchased Channel Subscription Services, less any: (a) billing and payments costs and all costs associated with transactions, which may include monthly and per-transaction processing charges, and merchant bank fees; (b) actual tax amounts related to the generation of such gross revenues to be paid to local, state, federal, and foreign entities, including VAT and sales taxes; and (c) returns, refunds, chargebacks, discounts, and credits. ....
&gt; Can we stop telling new streamers never to stream popular stuff? What are you trying to accomplish by the headline? We don't really get to decide what kind of advice people on Twitch will wind up suggesting to streamers.. anyway, as far as I know its not a common thing for folks to suggest what people should stream based on "popularity" anyways. That said, bringing forth some undiscovered title might be a risk that could come with rewards. Streamers, People are going to stream what they want to stream. And people who don't think its a good idea to stream popular stuff are going to make that suggestion accordingly. Of course, what to actually stream is a nuanced decision for each content creator, but there is a recommended main principle for the choice..... Decide what kind of content you want to create, and choose game(s) or activities to stream that put you at your best; that usually means what is the most fun or what the streamer has passion in playing or oing, and what gives you the most to be excited and talk about in a manner that will make an audience the most excited an entertained. The Twitch directory is not really a major a growth vehicle; although it can help, streaming under some variety of categories might be necessary to actually get any exposure that could be available through that directory.
Do you mean that you have multiple email accounts and you forgot which e-mail account or which e-mail address of your email account? Try searching ALL your mailboxes for the routine messages that Twitch sends out to Twitch users. Find a copy of the e-mail message from Twitch, then open the message and view the raw source or headers. Then find the e-mail address that message was sent to; some common headers under which it might be found are: Envelope-To:, Delivered-To:, X-Envelope-To:, Received:, X-Pop3-Rcpt:, To:.
&gt; Can both accounts get the free items? Each of the Prime benefits can only be claimed once per Amazon Prime subscription/user. For example, if you linked two Twitch accounts to an Amazon prime account; then whichever Twitch account uses the free monthly sub first gets that sub, and then its spent for that month and cannot be used a second time that month by the other Twitch account.
&gt; so legally they can't say anything about it. Well, Twitch is very unlikely to punish the streamer, But legally they absolutely CAN in theory say anything about it they want.. If a Twitch admin banned a streamer citing "hate speech" over playing such a song, then Twitch hasn't broken a law. Its just that the reason is Twitch according to their FAQ will recognize the context and likely see that such a song as not hateful or clearly is not intended to be hateful.
My suggestion would be to shut off any follower alerts and try to ignore spam follows.
&gt; minecraft on a single player world [Twitch's Community Guidelines](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/) refers to **Online** games – If your game is Single player Offline, then the no-cheating policy in Twitch's CG is written so that it does not apply to your situation, as you could see from reading the excerpt below: &gt; Any activity, such as cheating, hacking, botting, or tampering, &gt; that gives the account owner an unfair advantage in an online &gt; multiplayer game, is prohibited. This also includes exploiting &gt; another broadcaster's live broadcast in order to harass them &gt; in-game, such as stream sniping. &gt;
&gt; the top upvoted comment is discussing how people shouldn't &gt; stream popular games. Well; if there's a counterpoint to be made, then it probably makes the most sense to position it within the related thread. In case a caster is having difficulty growing a stream, then I think it makes sense to experiment: **try out** doing something that is not what the streamer has already been doing that hasn't worked so far, and see if anything good comes from that effort (But be patient... and don't assume something isn't working just because good results are not seen for a long while). So yeah: if they are streaming under a popular or saturated category when they get no hits at all, then trying to experiment with something else is a worthy effort. Particularly if the caster know of something that has high potential and is probably just under-appreciated or not a game that has been discovered yet, or perhaps has high viewers but a small number of streams in that category; indicating possible demand but a lack of streamers. Just because a title is not popular today does not mean it is not popular tomorrow. There is a logic that says create good content, and try to meet an unmet demand. It is hard to stand out though; if you are streaming exactly the same thing a massive number of people are doing and don't have much unique to add.... I mean, if the title is so popular, then why watch your one stream rather than one of the other 3,000 streams that are live with that particular game?
&gt; A lot of people will prefer a smaller streamer streaming their &gt; favorite game because they actually get to interact with them as I like small streams too; However, that doesn't really work as a reason for people to come, if they are just browsing the directory: there will be many small streams too, and for that matter, there will be small streams that have something special about them or found something unique and exciting to do that give viewers more reasons to visit them than their size. Once there are more than 100 streams under a category with 0 or 1 viewers, and there can be thousands; being a small stream isn't really a selling point versus the plenty others.
Some of the games at least have censoring options you can turn on in the Options menus where the first person to login is VIP and can affect censorship, but some don't. I would say your best bet with Jackbox is to : (1) Always configure the game option to require Twitch login, so you have accountability. Warn your viewers about what not to do. If someone crosses the line, then you end the game and ban them. : (b) If you have had problems, or if you have enough viewers, then limit who can join in some way. For example: some channels when playing such titles hide the room code and share it first on a Discord sub-only channel, then in a Discord general chat. There are other ways to gate the code, such as ask to join and DM. : (2) Have played the individual title you are thinking about a few times as a viewer or offline before streaming it, so you understand how much viewer content it usually has
&gt; &gt; If I use the prime sub and most "claim this game or in-game &gt; item," could my partner claim a different game or in-game &gt; item that I haven't? &gt; &gt; &gt; If I use the prime sub and most "claim this game or in-game &gt; item," could my partner claim a different game or in-game item &gt; that I haven't? &gt; If it is a different offer or promotion, then they should be able to. If it is an offer you redeemed that said "claim A or B", As in choose one of those, then you already redeemed the offer when you claimed A, so B would not be available to claim on the same Prime account.
&gt; Does TWITCH still have a copy of the VOD on their &gt; side to review the stream to prove nothing happened? I am thinking... even if the person had the VOD; the VOD cannot necessarily exonerate them, as in a ban: Twitch do not necessarily provide exactly what a ban is based off of. For all the user would know, it could be about a previous stream, so the person appealing maybe should just want to ask for more information When contacting Twitch through the appeal process and explain that this must be in error, Because the notion of "appealing" a ban is not necessarily about being able to provide proof for an appeal.. the burden of Proof naturally need to rest on Twitch's end. I mean, well; whatever Twitch person is responsible for creating the ban ought to be able to have a way of showing why it was done, and that it wasn't in error, but Twitch appeals go through their own private review, not a court of law, so Twitch don't necessarily have to show any evidence they might still have access to, to the appellant. If the VOD content is the basis for the ban, then it ought to be that they still have and can review it.... If Twitch are not able to review it and it was the basis for the ban, then I would hope they would overturn the ban, Because they would Need that information to be able to review and Confirm that the ban was not a mistake and that the appeal should be declined.
Twitch clearly have to have some way of dealing with violations and correcting errors, even if no VOD exists, because VOD storage is optional, and VOD deletion is a feature of the service. No inference of any kind of wrongdoing can come solely from the choice of having deleted a VOD. Streamers are allowed to have VOD archiving turned off or Not keep a VOD; this isn't a choice that requires justification, sometimes people delete the VOD if there was a technical glitch or something they would consider slightly embarrassing occurred that they just don't want publicized or could risk becoming the source of a viral clip, otherwise.
&gt; why actually use a greenscreen if you don't have an ugly &gt; background? Because, even if you don't have an ugly background: Its still a background that uses up space in the frame that could be used to show something else, like the game. By having the streamer as a floating head, this reduces the total amount of screen real-estate required for the cam and allows more of it to go to the game and/or other overlay elements. Also, this allows the streamer's head to be right there in the action; its more immersive, there is less clutter potentially, and this may allow more of their face and reaction to be shown VS background. Of course... it is ultimately an Aesthetic decision. Neither green screen nor No green screen is inherently superior; they both have potential advantages.
&gt; When I hear a streamer go "Ha ha don't say that on my stream &gt; I'll get banned monkaS" it tells me that streamer doesn't care &gt; about the racism or sexism or rape joke or whatever in a normal &gt; context. I would say that the scenario you described does not really show that. You could not legitimately say the streamer does not care; it just shows their most immediate concern.... Misattribution is a common problem: It is not possible to accurately infer someone's values or beliefs or what they oppose or support based on what the streamer did not say. The point of the exchange is not for the streamer to share an opinion or make a point to the audience based on their values: its to directly remind their friend/get their friend's on-stream conduct under control. That's also not telling the friend its Okay to say elsewhere... So what if the streamer doesn't want to use the incident as an opportunity to scold / dress-down a friend?? The streamer's choice on how to interact with their friend while in public doesn't warrant some hasty judgement that the streamer find it acceptable. People cannot say from this that the streamer would not have responded negatively / told them to stop, had the interaction been off-stream instead. &gt; just because you're a streamer doesn't mean you can't stand &gt; up for your ideals. Standing up for your ideals is great, if you feel so strongly about certain ideals that is you want to do; but Not at somebody else's expense, or at least its plainly fine If you Do choose to not try and Impose your opinion on a friend in that manner, people see it as likewise improper to dress down a friend in front of an audience, No matter what the friend said.... People try to use the minimum number of words and amount of time to remind this person not to say such things, at least not in public. In private; your friend might hold views you disagree with – your friend might feel such jokes to be harmless and okay, if they are non-serious, even if the streamer personally thinks the same jokes are despicable, but the streamers are all within their rights to accept their disagreements of views and decide to have no Conflict or minimize conflicts. Anyways: the Streamer's responsibility as far as Twitch is concerned is to keep it off their Twitch stream, etc. &gt; By avoiding conflict on stream you're sacrificing the things you &gt; stand for Actually; the streamer are **avoiding** sacrifice there, avoiding sacrificing things, maybe, like a friendship, for an ideal they may agree with. There is no obligation or inherent commitment to go an extra mile to support an ideal or every value that you believe or "stand for". For example: Not everyone who would be willing to join a particular religion would be willing to volunteer to be a martyr. That would be the extreme example. Being strongly opposed to Xism jokes does not obligate a person to be outwardly intolerant of it in private, nor to insult, scold people making the joke with "*'s fucked up". &gt; and failing to defend the viewers who are impacted negatively &gt; by it. Identifying whether there are other people that may have impact let-alone defending, is way outside what can or should be expected. There ought to be little impact, unless the friend named people specifically – as far as I know we were talking about words here, like Inappropriate Jokes. These are at the end of the day just words not directed at a specific person, probably things people heard before already, and should be incapable of serious impact on their own.. Beyond the streamers' Apology; if someone is negatively impacted, whatever that means, then that person should perhaps quite honestly speak up, if they feel they require a defense; or just report the stream and get out of that channel. The streamer needs to do their best to keep discriminatory language Off their Stream: NOT to try and "defend" people against words.
&gt; &gt; I decided to wait a few hours and I am still getting this error &gt; message, I tried a few times in a row and am now getting a &gt; “you are creating too many accounts” error which makes no &gt; sense because I have not even created one. &gt; Based on your description my best guess would be there was some kind of error, as in a glitch when you tried making an account, but your account creation attempt still counted against you for purposes of anti-abuse / throttling how many accounts can be created. I would suggest trying a different web browser, clear any caches; perhaps open an "Incognito Window" or "Private Browsing" window to eliminate all cookies as a possible variable, before trying to create an account again.
This likely relates to stale cookie data or stale cached objects in the web browser. Try one of these, and see if you can get into the name change process: Either, delete all cookies, clear cache, close all browser windows re-open, then Log back in and Retry. Or: Open a New Incognito window or Private Browsing window, login, and then try the name change within that Private Browsing window.
&gt; &gt; So my question is, when does twitch streaming become a self- &gt; employment work? As soon as you become an affiliate/partner &gt; or as soon as you stream? I can't imagine if someone just &gt; decide to stream for a day and got deported from the country &gt; by doing it. You will want to see qualified professional advisors or contact the UK government's Home Office to inquire on your Visa terms; to make sure your plans would be in compliance. Arguably non-affiliate streaming could be considered just creating and sharing expression, not employment, because nobody is paying. Now becoming Affiliate to create your expression and let Twitch earn money off your streams by selling Subscriptions and accepting 'Donations' in exchange for a share of Twitch's revenue sounds like work, and possibly supplementary self-employment income. You might need a new or additional Visa for that; on the other hand, there's a chance what you are doing is not recognized as a form of employment at all. Wait... you have fun playing video games and chatting with people, which you do anyways, then make a deal with Twitch to let them collect revenue, instead of you having to pay, and then Twitch returns enough revenue to you to more than cover your costs, because of generous supporters, And people who pay for access to emotes that your overseas business had hired artists to create for your channel, making available to viewers? hm...
&gt; from him but doesn't make sense why they'd need it. Exactly: Nobody needs and nobody should ever have the stream key except the streamer: anybody who has a copy of your stream key is potentially a person that can abuse it causing your Twitch channel to get banned.. if someone asks you to give your account's stream key to them, then just don't. If you already shared it not knowing about the concerns, then go to Twitch's website and use the option to generate a new key and invalidate the previous one. The stream key is valuable to scammers, in some cases it could be more valuable than the account password, and can be abused in various ways. There's a reason Twitch started requiring Two-Factor Authentication for a period of time before retrieving an account's stream key. The key is entered into OBS, and it is used as a security token to Identify who the streamer is and what channel when going live.
An eviluser can go live on any channel they know the stream key for; if the channel is already live, then eviluser might be able to interrupt the live stream cutting it over to the scammer's video file of choice. The scammer/abuser would not necessarily be using OBS, and might just have one pre-recorded video that they would like to play at the same time in bulk on as many channels as they get keys for; the nature of abuse could be anywhere from promoting another channel, fake announcement, impersonation, up to social-engineering viewers towards a malicious link, etc. You don't want to be sharing your keys with strangers...
Someone who is a child under 13 can only appear on a stream's live content with an adult... Twitch can and reportedly have banned 12 year olds found streaming for being underage; a child of that age cannot be the streamer, and should not have their own Twitch account – this is due to federal law (COPPA), and Twitch's manner of compliance is to prohibit those from using the site who are too young for Twitch to legally be allowed to collect personal information from. Twitch's Terms of Service prohibits anyone under 13 from using the services / having an account themselves.
&gt; I don't have authy installed or anything. Please see [Authy's phone number change process](https://support.authy.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001953247-Phone-Number-Change-Process-for-Authy-and-How-Long-it-Takes) – make sure you read Authy's help article carefully and choose the Correct scenario that applies to your situation. It does not help at all that you hadn't used the Authy app and therefore also didn't setup a backup device, but Twitch's Two-Factor Authentication is always through Authy, whether you used the app or not, and an Authy account got setup for your phone number At or before the time you turned on 2FA.. So try to get the phone number changed on the Authy account through Authy support: and your Twitch account linked to that Authy account should then send codes to your new number If the phone number change is fully successful and completes after the waiting period.
&gt; Maybe new affiliate, but new streamer I think would be abused &gt; by trolls. Well; Perhaps they could reduce trolling by making it (1) Streamer's Twitch account is at least 2 weeks old and has active-watched other streams for at least X hours. By requiring a streamer to have watched some other streams before getting that opportunity, then they should know more about the platform community standards and be less-likely just a troll account, and, (2) Streamer that has been active for 2 or more unique days and more than 4 hours streaming, before they would have a chance of appearing in the box. Then seed the box with the list Streamers that meet the conditions if there are 0 to 20 viewers, and... Put them in the list if either: (a) Within the past 30 calendar days, they have not already been on the list, Or... (a) If they are already in the list, and if there were any views – At least 15% of non-raid/host viewers that visited streams so far watched for more than 15 minutes, then they stay on the list; Have them drop from the list being on it for 100 unique users viewing If ≥85% of viewers are leaving before X minutes, indicating a low quality stream, then that streamer is not really ready to be considered 'up and coming' yet...
&gt; No one likes to be called out, go contrary to their own ideas, &gt; or see suspicious and common posts. A high downvote rate could be very well reflective of the quality and relevance of the average submission, and not necessarily mean anything other than a high rate of low-effort repetitive submissions and other noise from newly-joining users, etc. It doesn't necessarily mean anyone downvoting is trying to 'ruin' something. Other than "being contrary to their ideas"; the other two things you listed seem perfectly reasonable causes for readers to choose to bury a submission... If something is a low-effort common posting, then it adds to noise, the value of the post to readers is questionable, and people might want to bury that noise and vote up something else. &gt; There's not a way to even celebrate a legit win from something &gt; this subreddit enabled cause of antipromotion rules. Antipromotion rules shouldn't stop someone from celebrating a win; it should be possible to discuss what happened without naming or linking to an actual Twitch username. If posting for advertisement was something that would be accepted, then it could likely become quickly a high percentage of submissions, and then the celebrated win linking to a channel could be buried in the mess of other submissions that were just ads.
&gt; but they can't wait for me anymore. In my personal opinion: streaming is not your solution... The only way it would head off your problem is if you already have a large community supporting you and willing to contribute directly. &gt; &gt; they don't want to pay me at my job, and I have no contract. &gt; Sometimes they give me 50-60€, but those are barely &gt; sufficient for me to live. &gt; I don't understand.. you work at a job for money?; How are you in a situation where it is that your employer able to Not pay you, despite you working? Given your € of currency, your local employment laws might be lax, but I don't know of any civilized country where that would be legitimate; whether you are an employee, or a contractor, or have the contract in writing or not. It seems that you probably need to change jobs as soon as possible, and possibly pursue recourse against whoever was not paying you for the work that you were doing as an employee.
Currently there is no mechanism for the streamer to delegate control of the channel points to a mod/editor. So far, there also isn't even a channel points API published to allow a 3rd party integration to be made to help a streamer manage their rewards or points costs. This is one of the major capabilities missing from Twitch: Role-based access controls to allow delegating any channel management function. Sure there are the pre-defined Moderator, Editor, and VIP roles, but those users only have access to specific functions. If you want to grant a certain editor the ability to change your panels, or a certain moderator the ability to change some Affiliate/Partner settings, there's no mechanism to do it. I would say it is also not desirable that Twitch should automatically start giving Editors full control by default – the streamer should be able to decide based on their reason for having that Editor if its just stream category and title they get access to modify, or something more; Either by having more predefined roles being available, or better yet, by streamers being able to create a bunch custom roles and be able to organize them into a hierarchy like Discord's role system, for example, with a large number of permissions tickboxes, and Optional capability to select from a few predefined stream mod/helper badges and custom badge color.
&gt; i’m just starting out and don’t want to pay While you are just starting out: I would suggest prioritizing the things that are highly visible first – usually the video player will occupy most of the window, and many people will not even ever even see the panels. Most viewers will see your Video content, such as stream overlay art and alerts; Your user Avatar image / profile picture, and background page. If you want: your banners could be just text initially.. There are websites where you can download free Panels. Or you can just create image files yourself. You do not necessarily need Photoshop, as there are many less expensive or [free image-editing tools](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Free_raster_graphics_editors), for example Paint dotNet, CinePaint, GIMP, etc. There are differences in features, but what to use for such a simple task it is mainly a matter of preference: any image editor is going to have the functions to create shapes and lay down basic text. Some image editors may have more options for styling text, but the Real cost is the time and effort (labor) required to create the banners, And for that... for many broadcasters it ultimately will make sense to hire designers to produce the perfect stream graphics.
&gt; Hi, I have a Mini PC around with a core i7 , 4th gen and 4 GB of RAM. With the PC dedicated to encoding and no games running: you should clearly have there enough power to easily composite and encode captured video at 720p30 least resolution using x264 veryfast on an i7 model processor, assuming the CPU and chipset are full desktop procs appropriately cooled in the system you are looking at; and more resolution might be possible depending on details that you haven't mentioned.. as in which i7 model or what is the core count and highest GHz that is sustained continuously based on the CPU model and on the PC's thermal configuration.
Oh... the 4600U is listed as a Mobile processor package (non-Desktop) that targets a 15 Watt thermal design package and base clock of 2.1 GHz; while this is capable of bursting to 3GHz... expect it to run close to 2.1 GHz usually, especially since its one of the lower power mobile CPU models that makes some sacrifices of power in favor of reducing energy consumption/heat output. I wouldn't expect great results trying to encode at rates/resolutions higher than 720p on that processor, at least not without offloading to a suitable graphics card.
&gt; Well a lot of my nudes including my face in it have been leaked &gt; according to friends... so. Aside from; yes you can stream without a webcam.. I hope you contacted your local authorities when you learned that files containing your face were leaked that were only on your stolen property. Its kind of surprising your friends were even on a receiving end of leaked images: I don't know what that means exactly, I mean: if authorities can deliver the proper orders to whatever image storage or social media outlet the files were posted to, then they may be able to figure out who first uploaded or shared those files – not to mention, there are likely means to get those files taken down and removed, at least from public view, as long as you can find them.
&gt; Anything worth money is not a permitted entry requirement or &gt; „chance raiser“. Such as sub only Your giveaway needs to be legal. Twitch does not say specifically what is allowed or not, other than you must not be conducting or promoting illegal activities. &gt; Anything else seems to be allowed. Such as follower only, &gt; perform a certain chat !command to enter, etc... Actions such as "following" are trivial enough and not providing value as to very likely not be counted as consideration by companies holding sweepstakes these days – similar to burden involved in filling out and mailing an entry form that requires US postage.. Its not necessarily true In all jurisdictions that anything requiring money is an illegal entry requirement. For example, I already mentioned postage cost to mail in an entry form, there are also In some countries/jurisdictions such a thing as companies hosting "Member-Only" things, where entry into a monthly or periodic sweepstakes is only available to people who joined that company's paid loyalty program. One way that works is that specific giveaways might not be announced or marketed to non-members – the membership status is needed for access to all giveaways, but the membership fee or opportunity to join is never presented as **consideration** to enter any particular giveaway.. For example, there is no option to Join a giveaway in progress, and just send in the $10 fee to become a member at the time of entering the contest. For example: There might be a channel that regularly has "Subscriber-only giveaways"; in these kinds of contests, you have to be a subscriber to join the giveaway. The subscriber benefit might be mentioned in only vague terms such as "Access to regular subscriber-only giveaways", without mentioning a specific game or prize. Then the actual drawings/giveaways are announced randomly on stream, and.... By the time the drawing is announced and marketed, everyone there who is subscribed can enter, and it is as of the moment the announcement is made "Too Late" for new people to subscribe – If you subscribe now, then you will only get access to future drawings like this one which have not been announced yet, not this particular drawing. That means buying a subscription would not be payment to enter the giveaway, Because at the moment the giveaway is created and announced, people had to already have been subscribed before hand – membership fee wasn't money in exchange for a contest entry; it was money already exchanged to join a group that would be eligible for future games with free entries.
&gt; If I showed graphic images on stream from a forensic pathology &gt; textbook, would that be against TOS? Twitch community guidelines don't discuss "Objectionable Content", but if your graphics show nudity that could be construed as sexual, or focus on extreme or gratuitous gore and violence, those are some forms that may be prohibited content within the Community Guidelines. The only way to get a definitive answer for your particular example, would be perhaps to [contact Twitch](http://link.twitch.tv/help) to ask for either a clarification or approval regarding your educational purpose.
It is suggested to weigh the Pros and Cons depending on what your goals are in contributing, and some viewers might figure they'd prefer to use a combination of methods such as Subscription+Paypal donate or Subscription+Bits cheering, etc. Well, with a Paypal-based donation: A larger percentage of your contribution will go directly to the creator. However, you should probably keep in mind that (1) Paypal will reveal your Paypal identity to the person whom you are donating to, and, (2) Donating through Paypal will also mean that particular donation will not help support Twitch in their highly crucial function as a platform on which that creator is streaming; If more of creators' support was given circumventing giving Twitch a cut, then that might ultimately result in undesirable results to you as a viewer, such as more advertising, or further reduction in viewer customer service, etc. Furthermore, your Paypal-based donation will not create the bits cheering celebration experience in the Twitch chat, on the cheering leaderboards, etc; Bits-based cheers advance progress towards the viewer unlocking bits badges, bits emotes, and also each cheet shows a selected cheermote.
&gt; How do you deal with this problem? is switching to mature &gt; content enough? That could be a useful service, but keep in mind most streamers do not necessarily have a massive risk of showing accidental explicit content, so there's likely not a huge price most streamers would be willing to pay, since people are streaming video games which usually have fixed video content and are fairly predictable. However one common scenario would likely be a streamer is window-capturing a browser window or taking media requests/sampling media where they show something of a Youtube video, etc. &gt; is switching to mature content enough? Twitch does not allow explicit or sexually-suggestive content; even when mature flag is set. Twitch may allow the streamer to slide with a one-time mistake if they stop what they are doing, get the content off the screen immediately, and remove the VOD. &gt; is there an actual need for a real-time solution for censoring &gt; images (or for very little lag) I think there are some streamers or potential streamers where that could be very useful: Only that a majority of current video game streamers will have no real need for it. IRL streamers who operate in an environment they might have less control over are another story. A real-time censoring mechanism that prevents offending images being displayed could potentially enable some kind of broadcasts or activities that just cannot happen today. On the other hand It seems questionable that real-time could be achieved accurately.... If real-time censoring CAN be achieved accurately, Then why wouldn't you have Twitch themself as a customer? I suspect it would be a potential boon to Twitch if their video player could detect many types of CG violations automatically, and possibly resolve minor accidents more amicably.
See the [Affiliate Program Agreement](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/affiliate-agreement/) : &gt; &gt; Either you or we may terminate this Agreement at any time, &gt; with or without cause, by giving the other party written notice &gt; of termination. &gt; It sounds like support you are chatting with want to make **very certain** that you are the actual account holder. Ending your Twitch Affiliate status is serious business, as its kind of final, and should you ever want to join the program again: you might find that they will not allow you to without writing in and getting special permission... If for some reason you cannot or don't want to deal with them online, or they're too difficult..., Then exercise your right to terminate the agreement yourself by mailing in written notice in the form of a signed letter to the Agents / Registered agent that Twitch has on record with the state government, or other official contact, and maintain proof. According to the agreement: Your Affiliate agreement has terminated as soon as you have provided the proper written notice, all obligations in the agreement are then void except those in Sections 8 and 11-17. (The obligation to provide exclusivity to content was not one of those sections)
Do you have the moderation settings option enabled to require e-mail address confirmation in order to chat? One mod active in channel may also not be enough to handle this appropriately, given that you say you have a group of people abusing: just because of the fact that the troll is so persistent right now – If you have any other viewers willing/ able/ trusted enough to help, then consider putting out a call for some temporary mods. As a last resort (Aside from reporting the list of usernames to Twitch with User Report tool and explain what's going on)... Two things come to mind: You could have a custom bot setup to Auto-Timeout new Twitch accounts in chat. And/Or Provide alternate mechanisms for new viewers to interact such as Discord; that might be a Discord server with cell phone verification enabled, as in setting up a Discord stream chat room that would be almost immune to ban evasion. Or you could go emoteonly. I realize that persistent harassment and abuse of chat are very frustrating things, but I mean... if you want to have the channel; then its probably still better to have a stream even if you will have to take extreme measures or put down chat completely for a while, or even if the chat will have spam in the chat, than to quit streams. If you push the stop streaming button, then that is probably sending the wrong message to those targeting the stream – that group might very well be celebrating and becoming re-invigorated.... If you want for the source of abuse to stop and go away, then best practice is to try and bore them to death. to do so (1) Minimize the visible on-stream and chat messages discussing the evaders to what is absolutely necessary; if they abuse follow alerts, then quietly turn off follow alerts, etc.
&gt; because it won't terminate untill they receive it Well, in the continental US first class mail has a delivery timeframe of 4 business days or less, and its 2 days to most places: there are also ways to send a letter, such as PS Form3800 with electronic return-receipt requested or FedEx , where you can arrange to get the exact date your message was delivered to the recipient.
For 720p30 or less, there is probably still no notable advantage of Nvenc over x264: For 1080p output and higher, the greater the resolution, the greater the advantage GPU offload will provide over x264; the New Nvenc on the RTX cards is much better than the previous Nvenc and more efficient than using x264 medium, and reportedly the quality difference between the two methods' output is negligible.
&gt; But I can't find the command or any mention of how to do it for &gt; my stream. Its possible to Reject and Refund a request. However outside of refunds: a manual award of extra points cannot currently be done by the caster... the points for all channels that have points enabled are earned by viewers at the rates shown in a [table published by Twitch](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/channel-points-guide?language=en_US#viewers). From the Activity feed in the Creator Dashboard on Twitch's website; Redeemed rewards should show up as an entry in the Activity Feed, and you can act on the redemption by clicking the 3 vertical dots to the right of the message; for Custom rewards there should be an option to Mark as Complete, or Reject. There should be a Pop-Out icon to open the Rewards Queue, as well, where you can see the custom rewards that have neither been Marked as Complete nor Rejected, and there should also be options to pause redemptions, etc. You and your moderators can also access it by opening the Channel Points redemption box and noting the box in the upper right-hand corner Or use the /requests command to access the request queue.
Good afternoon. Thank you for posting, but please see the [r/Twitch, Unofficial Twitch Subreddit's rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules) In particular &gt; 1. General Guidelines &gt; : E. Don't call out others in a negative manner. &gt; : 3. Account Support Guidelines &gt; : B. Don’t post regarding reporting an account. See Twitch's document on [How to File a User Report](https://help.twitch.tv/CS_TwitchHelpLogin?startURL=https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/how-to-file-a-user-report?language=en_US)
The person below the age of 13 is not able to use the Twitch services at all due to Twitch's Terms of Service. It is not unusual, however, for streamers with kids to have a child occasionally be heard or make an appearance on stream - a child can be one of the persons that appears in a channel's content (Assuming the streamer is the child's parent, or the child's guardians have authorized the broadcast appearance), but the child themself cannot be a user of any of the Twitch services, for example the child themself cannot have a Twitch account nor access to anyone else's account to access the services. In this case where channels are showing children on screen.. their parent or an adult representative should be the person solely operating the stream, streaming software, etc, determines what content is broadcast, and does not leave it running unattended with a child having access to read the chat, etc. Since the child themself cannot utilize the services, including the chat: it probably cannot in practice be done as a co-stream, and that is probably not advisable even if it were allowed. I would say that it is highly inadvisable from a safety standpoint to have a 9 year old being broadcast to the world while also interacting with random strangers, And by the way, its possible a 9-year-old could say something that violates a Twitch rule resulting in enforcement actions against the adult/account owner.
Greetings /u/Tr101748, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 1**: [General Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_general_guidelines). - **Rule 1E**: Don't call out others in a negative manner. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Fr0sty7-TTV, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Vic2330, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
I don't know what the mods contain, but Twitch's policies regarding what gaming content are allowed can be found within the [Community Guidelines](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/) and in the [prohibited games list](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/list-of-prohibited-games?language=en_US). Mostly their policies focus on sexual content, and there's not much mention of video game violence, but of the sections in the Community Guidelines does state: &gt; **Extreme Violence, Gore, and Other Obscene Conduct** &gt; Content that exclusively focuses on extreme or gratuitous gore and violence is prohibited. So anyways... the gameplay of most video games with violent content will not "exclusively focus" on violence – violence may just happen to be portrayed in a game as a major part of gameplay, but usually not every moment of gameplay will contain gore or violence. Clearly just about any rated game that has a proper ESRB rating that is not AO ought to be games that are just fine to play through normally, assuming you didn't dwell on the gore to make showing off gore and extreme violence just for the sake of violence as a focus of a stream. A challenge with trying to gauge whether playing the sims with the "sim mod" would be okay is that modifications are usually created by community and not the developer, and are unrated – _who knows_ what each modification contains, unless you have actually reviewed it yourself or found a review from a trusted source. You might want to sample play the mod yourself a bit and try to spot check the experience of playing that mod based on your own and your local community standards before you share that type of content; just to help make sure that playing the mod does not contain unpleasant surprises for you and your viewers.
Greetings /u/emretoe, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4A**: Search first before posting. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules/common_topics) . Basic Affiliate Program Questions - https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/affiliate#wiki_getting_involved You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Noraonabus, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1 (and 1A, 2A). Thank you.
Greetings /u/PuLSe_BloomZy, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/PuLSe_BloomZy, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/LHredditer, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 1**: [General Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_general_guidelines). - **Rule 1E**: Don't call out others in a negative manner. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/ForcedAssault97, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/07Jenkins19, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/noahgk, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/MartialImmortal, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 1**: [General Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_general_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 1H**: No unhelpful or nonconstructive posts. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; I recently just started streaming (only 5 recurring viewers) and Your recurring viewers that you have seen come back at least a few times are probably the best potential candidates. There are many different ways of handling it; I would suggest trying to draw recurring viewers into a community Discord and communicate with people there. Another option is after dealing with a troll, ask your chat present at the time if any would like to help you out as a temporary mod for the rest of a session. Possibly you get a response from someone you are thinking about: if so allow someone a short stint for the stream, then you get more info and there's no long-term commitment from anyone. &gt; Do I pay them? For new channels; in most cases probably not. &gt; How do you know if someone is trustworthy? Build rapport and observe peoples' conduct in chat – if your recurring viewer is a troll or would not be able to follow basic candor or rules, then it will show just as a chatter. &gt; How much power do they have over my chat? They have a lot of power over the chat, but as the caster you can see actions that moderators take while you are there (so long as you keep the dashboard open and the activity not scroll off your screen), and you can see bans set by moderators in your dashboard. The [chat commands help page](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/chat-commands?language=en_US) will show you what commands they can use. Moderators can also change Automod settings such as the filtering level, and prohibited and allowed phrases/keywords lists. &gt; I keep having to add word purges to it that are similar to words It is a common challenge with keyword-based filters.
&gt; concerned that my twitch would show up on background checks, &gt; due to me becoming affiliated with twitch, and cause me to not &gt; get into a college or get refused a job because of it. Which kind of background check; you thinking of pursuing a government security clearance or something? Twitch streamer does not become a criminal record or public record. The exact nature of your channel is fairly private: assuming caster streams under a pseudonym; keeps their real-world identity under wraps, and assuming you don't put something on a stream that is taboo, illegal, or becomes a focus of media or public controversy. Actually... More work history, not less: should be beneficial.
Greetings /u/KBerry04, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; Im not even getting the option for just 720p, I only get options for 720p (source) and auto. Channels that are not partnered are not guaranteed to have additional quality options other than the original source quality. That explains why the only quality option you see for some streams is the stream source resolution (such as 720p or 1080p, depending on what bitrate and resolution the streamer chooses to stream at). Because Twitch has limited Video Transcode resources, and at times when they determine demand is too high.. Twitch's systems prioritize which streams get the option when going live. See [Twitch Partner benefits](https://www.twitch.tv/p/partners/) &gt; *Video Transcodes*: Partners will always have first priority access to quality options for their channel. Quality options allow viewers to adjust the quality in which they view a broadcast for the best experience. While non-partnered channels receive transcodes depending on how much capacity is available, Partners are guaranteed transcodes for all of their broadcasts.
Greetings /u/TimUrbanMb, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 4H**: Don’t post in a language other than English. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/hijosu_, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/xhunchoqwan, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2. Thank you.
Greetings /u/Nikkolaskrickett, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 3**: [Account Support Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_account_support_guidelines) - **Rule 3B**: Don’t post regarding [reporting an account](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/how-to-file-a-user-report?language=en_US). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/l-G4rr3tt-l, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Krosusbeamhurts, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 1**: [General Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_general_guidelines). - **Rule 1H**: No unhelpful or nonconstructive posts. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Benjykid10, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Crimsol84, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Walleyyyyy, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 1**: [General Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_general_guidelines). - **Rule 1A**: Don't encourage others to break the subreddit rules. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Hello. Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules); more specifically, rule 2. Thank you.
Hello. Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules); more specifically, rule 2. Thank you.
Greetings /u/bar255, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/DuckManMakeHaHaSound, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/jakbtw, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/ElSaje08, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/jakep_12345priv, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/shazi010, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4I**: Ensure there isn't a megathread for your topic. Please participate in our Twitch Service Megathread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search?q=%22Twitch+services+megathread%22&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/not_contrite, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/SmurfsGameToo14, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/octtt, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/ttv-vfleko, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/jo532, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2. Thank you.
Greetings /u/Twipz2015, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Satellite Internet connectivity in most cases has limited bandwidth capacity and poor latency, And a high price; possibly a massively high price if you want enough data allowance for sustained higher-bandwidth activities like Watching or Uploading a stream for longer than 30 to 60 minutes a day averaged over a month - I would not expect much in terms of performance stability; satellite-based services are typically pretty terrible for any kind of real-time online play, let alone broadcasting a stream... The top options come from providers such as ViaSat; although the latest generation is supposed in theory to make improvements, and in _theory_ there is enough speed to support applications, but not necessarily in practice... Oh, and with most satellite services you will likely find that the data caps are 50 Gigabytes or less per month both cumulative Uploads and Downloads, which is not very much data to work with at all... IF you can find a service plan that promises both ≥10 Megabits upload AND does not have throttling or such low data caps, then in theory some streaming could be tenable, But I don't know... it will depend how stable a connection new services provide to their subscribers, as live streaming can be much less tolerant to problems in latency X throughput than internet applications that consumers are usually using. I definitely suggest reading all the materials from your future ISP before choosing your provider and signing up, as satellite is not something "generic" different companies may be offering you different terms in terms of network management/usage allowances, performances, and technology. Although I personally would not want to sign a final purchase agreement or lease for a home to move to without having a condition that acceptable internet can be installed and verified working; would shop around for better options if at all possible, if there's not even DSL or Fixed wireless possibilities, as solid internet seems to be critical these days.
Greetings /u/988narfkilla, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . - **Rule 4H**: Don’t post in a language other than English. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/muffincoin71, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/MDe11inger2019, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/mixmashmush, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/SunPeeK, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Sp0ilersSweetie, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4I**: Ensure there isn't a megathread for your topic. Please participate in our Collaboration Megathread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search/?q=Collaboration+mega-thread&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;t=all&amp;sort=new You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Aleksander474, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2. Thank you.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2. Thank you.
Greetings /u/Pawpac, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/ShoddyChemical0, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/CosmicGirl_lol, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 4I**: Ensure there isn't a megathread for your topic. Please see our Feedback Megathread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search?q=%22Monthly+Channel+Feedback+Thread%3A%22&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Lightning_McMeme1064, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/EmilioWasTaken, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 3**: [Account Support Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_account_support_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 3B**: Don’t post regarding [reporting an account](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/how-to-file-a-user-report?language=en_US). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/mikenator06, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Mr_Swinochet, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Live User content of Affiliates is exclusive to _Twitch Interactive_; not Amazon. While Amazon now owns Twitch.. Partnered stream content 24 hour exclusivity is nothing newly-introduced; Twitch still operates separately as a subsidiary, and the agreements with partner and affiliated streamers are a Twitch-specific thing.. the [Twitch Affiliate Agreement](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/affiliate-agreement/) states that it is an agreement between Twitch Interactive and the streamer. Also; Amazon does not have exclusivity as a condition of users posting to their other websites not in general – even books published for Kindle are not exclusive to Amazon excepting for authors that chose to enroll a title in KDP select for access to additional promotional tools (inclusion in the subscription service, lending library, etc).
Its not unusual for dreams to contain things from the day before them; I suppose it makes sense that as you are streaming, that is a thing that may be dreamt about. &gt; I named it a nightmare since it feels awful, like I felt not connected to the reality If what you dream just causes a bad feeling during deep sleep, then nightmare is the word it is also a [parasomnia](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4016090/) that is a common feature of stress problems, but there can be other reasons, and constant recurring / severe nightmares interfering with sleep can be a condition needing clinical treatment in its own right – If this is happening very frequently and makes it impossible to sleep despite every effort you take to reduce stress and allow ample time to sleep every night, then see a doctor. It would be suggested to try to reduce stress on yourself during the day and especially in the last few hours before heading to bed, and see if that abates; possibly even take a short vacation from streaming and make certain you have not been cutting your sleep hours short. If currently streaming just before sleeping, or within an hour or two of going to bed, then it might be helpful to avoid doing that and insert additional relaxing activities. Streaming is work that can be stressful and mentally taxing, so doing it during the last couple hours before sleeping might influence that night's sleep.
&gt; 78-80 Average Viewers for 2 1/2 months straight .. &gt; I've seen partners with less following, profile views, &gt; subscribers, less time streamed, less revenue generated. Do &gt; those numbers seem realistic for partnership? Overall the numbers look very promising; I think it is worth applying or at least close, good luck.. Just be prepared that the numbers just might or might not be what Twitch will accept. As for other partners... some Twitch partners became inactive after being accepted, there are partners who have gone months or years without streaming, but Twitch does not remove partners whose numbers fall or that stop streaming. So... existing partners do not necessarily meet Twitch's criteria for new applications in 2020. Unless you are limiting your comparison to those newly-accepted in a similar category as you; Other partners with lower numbers than you is not really suggestive about how the new application might go with Twitch. It sounds like the channel meets the minimums to apply; it is just questionable if it meets their minimums to be accepted, but that likely depends on what category the channel streams in, And ultimately only the Twitch staff involved in this process could really say. Keep in mind that a streamer/channel can have awesome content, a good-sized audience and solid engagement, but that doesn't necessarily mean Twitch will accept their partner app; Actually, what the channel is streaming and what unique content it has have to bring to the table might affect what numbers they would require, and according to the application process they would review the entire channel anyways, not just the numbers. My understanding is for numbers Twitch very likely ignores follower counts, views, and subscribers, and gives the greatest weight to frequency of streams, and what is your average concurrent viewers, excluding raids, and want to see that being sustained over many months and growing; there are casters with more than 100 concurrent who reported being rejected for too few viewers.
For "DJ Streamers" or those Twitch streamers doing "Song Requests"; playing of music is (or was) either a focus or the express purpose of their content, so Yeah, that makes it an interactive service – which means people could be listening to that stream instead of subscribing to a commercial service.
Greetings /u/Randym1221, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/rudeboyjuu, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; This is simply one wave from Twitch and period. I honestly &gt; doubt they will keep looking stream per stream Twitch have already indicated in their posting that they are receiving mass DMCA claims against clips. These claims do not come from Twitch themselves, and its not Twitch's decision to make the claims or not (its associations of record labels who own the recordings making claims), so what has occurred so far could very well just be the beginning.. it may continue, and very possibly not just a short wave or one-off thing. Edit: + Link: [TwitchSupport's Tweet about the sudden influx of DMCA notices](https://twitter.com/TwitchSupport/status/1269851779790929921)
&gt; included being covered by ASCAP/BMI licenses About that... When it comes to playing pre-recorded music those licenses don't quite fully cover it, since there are actually two different set of copyrights involved. One to the lyrics and melody that belongs to a songwriter / composer / publisher (those are the rights ASCAP/BMI/SESAC will have to their member artists' music), and the other regarding the recording itself that belongs to the recorded music company or record label who created the recording. ... BMI,ASCAP, and SESAC; represent the songwriters/composers/publishers who are members. Internet radio stations are broadcasting unmodified songs, and not music combined to create a new work/program with talk and/or video that uses the songs, and there are statutory license schemes provided by law in the US and other countries for doing what radio stations do, that fix the price and spare those stations from having to negotiate and pay an arm and a leg to SoundExchange or every record label. ASCAP's website seems to suggest its the service or **website** (such as Youtube, Twitch, etc, ..) not the creator of content which must and can hold the performance license. [ASCAP's FAQ for Youtubers](https://www.ascap.com/help/music-business-101/youtube-faq-uploaders) shows some interesting answers, anyways: &gt; Q: I got permission from the owner(s) of the music to use their music in my video. Why did I get a notice that ASCAP is putting a copyright claim on it?
Well, Spotify/Youtube are almost free to the viewer, but the rightsholder gets credited with those plays. I understand there is a social aspect toward people wanting to show a song off to friends, but the problem is Twitch is a public setting.. there are laws that have to be followed (to avoid lawsuits), and large record labels are going to not understand or be unsympathetic to that desire of people to show off a song.. at the end of the day the record labels just want to ensure that they receive their few pennies every time some listener streams the song plus extra payments if their song was used in a movie, play, TV program or show, and they're going to see any Twitch broadcast as one of those things.
&gt; I am sure that Twitch has received DMCA claims in the past but &gt; just ignored them or replied that their algorithm muted said music. Muting the music or removing the audio from the portion containing alleged infringement (if they can identify for sure what that is) is just a manner of complying with a notice, but it seems like if Twitch's music ID/VOD muting system was working thoroughly to remove all problem audio, there would not be this situation in the news anyways... Its very unlikely that Twitch or any other similar website would choose to simply ignore a notice, as it would leave them extra vulnerable to court actions: also, since willful infringements have escalated damages.. it would be reckless for a company being formally noticed to neglect or deliberately ignoring the notices.
Greetings /u/ZENITH371, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Random-Studios, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) - **Rule 5A**: Don’t post clips from your own channel. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Pugnox, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2D**: Don’t post link redirects. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/felizco, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 3**: [Account Support Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_account_support_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 3B**: Don’t post regarding [reporting an account](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/how-to-file-a-user-report?language=en_US). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/RiverDonkeey, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/louib07, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
This is in the same vein as tools that allow people to share your playlist or what you are listening to with your friends – the fact they provide this tool/extension should not have been somehow taken to suggest that streamers would be free to bypass the tool and broadcast or distribute the content directly. Well, the existence of the extension does not mean they invite streamers to broadcast the audio. As a streamer you can be *listening* to Spotify on your headphones while you are live all day if you like without including the Spotify audio into your stream. So the existence of the extension makes sense in that respect... Spotify is happy for you to _listen_ to their music while you are streaming or at any other time, as long as you make certain that the audio you are playing does not make its way into your broadcast.
Greetings /u/Rkenzzz, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Timmynator-9000, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/teejraw, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Even if the amusement park wants people to film in it and the park formally gave permission to film, they probably are not about to indemnify visitors against copyright claims coming from a 3rd party; its unlikely the park owns the music, I am guessing the park probably had to get a performance license and pay a recurring fee based on their revenue or number of visitors in order to play the music they use themselves – the park's license would only cover the park's use of the music. The onus would be on guests who want to publish their personal recordings to figure out whose 3rd party material will be included and secure any necessary licenses. That would be similar to what other publishers and television programs are required to do. Those who create and distribute material to the public are responsible for determining what 3rd party content is contained in their recordings to ensure that they own or have the proper rights cleared to that content; if the content includes somebody else's song, then it could potentially be infringement no matter how innocently it got there – the law has publishers/distributors responsible for their content.
Greetings /u/h0ggster1234, Regarding your question.. Please see the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). Making a submission or comment to promote a channel would be not allowed due to rule 2, by the way. Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/noahandrews8909, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/kikonaste, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Geilesyy, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; ... like streaming and listening to music is like robbing a bank it's not its music. Some of the record labels would indeed say that it is stealing. People listening to the video program, even if its a Twitch stream of some person broadcasting music.. It allows people to hear the recording that belongs to the recording company without the recording company getting royalties that they would earn otherwise every time a listener hears the performance; for example, viewers could just put/run a Twitch stream in the background in a minimized window instead of Spotify or Amazon music in the background... The latter two pays the recording company something every single time their song is played times the number of listeners, and the former (Twitch stream) pays the recording company at most once, for that one time that the streamer acquired/played their content, obviously the for-profit record companies lose out in that case and will want to discourage that. &gt; Music artists know people use their music and a lot encourage it. Often there are several rights-holders other than the performing artist. They may encourage people to listen to their music, but those creating a show or program using the music are responsible to properly clear it with _all_ the rightsholders.
Greetings /u/VeryDank69420, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4A**: Search first before posting. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules/common_topics) . https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search?q=bits+watching+ads&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; I still stand by the fact the bans are a bit much there are way &gt; better ways to deal with it. Twitch has little say, since the safe harbor requires they do this The [DMCA 17 USC (i)(1)(A)](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/512#h_6) lays down a requirement; to have their liability limited Twitch must have adopted and informed subscribers of a policy that provides for termination of subscribers _"in appropriate circumstances of subscribers and account holders of the service provider’s system or network who are repeat infringers"_. No doubt Twitch does not want to be sued out of existence after losing in court due to the conduct of some of their users.
Greetings /u/Snoo82477, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/JunaidBarak, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/faithfulhusband123, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 4I**: Ensure there isn't a megathread for your topic. Please see our Feedback Megathread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search?q=%22Monthly+Channel+Feedback+Thread%3A%22&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
If they are holding the webpage open; It is possible that user's web browser might not reflect the removal of a Ban or Timeout, and they could possibly need to reload the page or leave and re-enter.. The other thing I might suspect is the ban list on the dashboard didn't necessarily update immediately. If you banned them and didn't remove the ban and don't see them reflected in that list in the dashboard list after a 5 minutes or so, then I would start to be a bit more concerned, but if you have /unban'ed, then I wouldn't expect to see them listed. FYI: The following is probably not Twitch's intended operation, but I have seen it when testing. In the past I have noticed that; Once an initial /timeout is made against a user in chat.. That user's chat client latched on to that time and ignored a new /timeout command reducing that timeout to 2 seconds, and even when a new /timeout and /untimeout was made.. the countdown on the target user's browser was seen acting as if only the original timeout period applied (ignoring all updates while still timed out, in essence). As for /ban ... Twitch has recently made it potent in the manner that the banned user cannot even join chat. I would not be too surprised if the website / chat client is not going to detect the removal of a freshly-set ban in real time for the new feature, And your victim, er friend, might need to hit Reload or Shift+Reload the webpage.
Did you actually try to unban? It sounds like you might have a bug report for Twitch, but you'll want to have the exact steps that you have taken in what order that caused the inconsistency. Try opening their user card by either clicking the username Or using /user &lt;USERNAME&gt; Does the user card show the user as currently banned? If so, then the dashboard might just be broken.
Greetings /u/durritosandwich, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/jaydynhootz, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 4I**: Ensure there isn't a megathread for your topic. Please see our Twitch Service Megathread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search?q=%22Twitch+services+megathread%22&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/ThankfulBoomer, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/ShadowRam658, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Michaellllll17, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/peverzy, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Konokolicious, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 3**: [Account Support Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_account_support_guidelines) - **Rule 3A**: Don’t post regarding an account suspension. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Mess_Madness, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/FeDeX2k, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) - **Rule 5A**: Don’t post clips from your own channel. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2 (a). Thank you.
Greetings /u/KovikSmith, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; Listening to music on a stream wont make me buy it or not buy it. Whether one individual buys it is not how they measure their revenue. The labels get payed per play for each listener hearing their music when it is streamed on an authorized streaming service, so every play times number of listeners is their lost revenue if people can hear the song played on an unauthorized service. &gt; Its not a loss (nor gain) of revenue ... Many of the rightsholders would vehemently disagree; they kind of also have rights to decide what the business models for their content are and can construe even lost opportunities as a loss on the potential revenues had listeners on an unauthorized service played it on a licensed service instead.
Greetings /u/JSheppyK, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/pqnkace10, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/zac_lives_matter, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4I**: Ensure there isn't a megathread for your topic. Please participate in our Twitch Service Megathread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search?q=%22Twitch+services+megathread%22&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/vladbaltgl, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 3**: [Account Support Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_account_support_guidelines) - **Rule 3A**: Don’t post regarding an account suspension. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Having a "good VPN" as a security measure is more of a myth than anything: in most cases a better strategy for Twitch users is to make sure to keep your IP address secret and avoid playing peer-to-peer oriented games linked to your stream name with random viewers or people you don't know and trust. A VPN does not do much to protect against being hacked, and can even cause network performance issues; additional security risks in the event of compromise of the VPN provider, and unexpected stream instability latency/lost frames or other quality issues related to network throughput (in the case of a streamer attempting to stream through a VPN).
Greetings /u/GloomySpider917, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4A**: Search first before posting. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules/common_topics) . Beginners' Streaming Tips - https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/startingout You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/ksghostlygirl, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Longingvirus, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/SixGreyTails, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/SixGreyTails, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2 (a). Thank you.
&gt; Now is this allowed? There are two problems I would expect: (a) Intellectual Property / Copyright, and (b) Twitch Sexual content policy. (a) A license from the copyright owner is required most likely for it to be allowed. Broadcasting reaction videos especially containing any substantial or important content from a copyright work (unless you own or obtained the proper licenses). &gt; The nudity is by far not the focus on the Documentary and Twitch has a [sexual content policy](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/sexualcontent/). They don't allow any nudity in user-generated content with some exceptions: none of which apply to something that is not in a rated video game, unless you wrote to Twitch and had an exception made.
Greetings /u/Rake_trf, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; That being said, is there a way to delete messages posted by a &gt; mod? Do we need to put at least one person behind the main &gt; account in order to do it? Messages posted by a chat user with the channel moderator role on Twitch cannot be deleted by other channel moderators other than the Broadcaster's Twitch account, or technically that same moderator can /delete their own message. (Although other moderators could clear the entire chat with /clear.) Therefore the "chat relay" bot will hinder your channel moderation if it is modded (unless your moderator will be logged in to the stream owner's account). I understand the bot is probably modded to avoid some of Twitch's rate limits, but just because this bot is a technology that exists does not necessarily mean any of this is workable, scalable, or a good idea to use on the platform – its very unusual for channels to use such bots, and I doubt this will work well from either a technical standpoint or appearance if you had an active chat on each platform, aside from the extra challenges related to moderation. To moderate the relayed messages you would need to either be on the broadcaster account, or /unmod the bot, Or have another bot running on the broadcaster Or have the relay bot account with a bot command for moderation. Most likely the moderation problem is something that ought to be addressed on the relay system itself – such as queuing messages for relay and providing its own website for moderators to Approve/Deny messages and take actions against offending users and clean up relayed copies.
Greetings /u/kbgobrazyytoo, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; But bots that I didn't expressly ask to be in my channel should not be in my channel; ever. That isn't how the platform works really; first of all its Twitch's website – Twitch is the host, so Twitch determines the basic requirements, and they don't seem to take the stance that users the streamer didn't invite cannot read the channel; Channels are generally open for the public to _view_ in a read-only fashion, just like most websites on the internet are, and Twitch does not allow the option for an "invite only" chat just to read – If you identified specific users you don't like, then you can /ban them.... Bot or otherwise, and with Twitch's newly-improved ban facility, they can no longer read the chat while logged in. &gt; Twitch needs to setup a way for streamers to opt-out of bots &gt; that we didn't ask to be in our channels. Why? The bots should not be doing any harm if they are complying with the existing legal agreements, and it seems like adding an opt-in/opt-out system would impair a lot of useful services and besides be a lot of unnecessary added complexity. &gt; Then why are you here? Many bots are likely analyzing something about chat messages and/or creating statistical information to support various 3rd services or applications: for example, there are websites that show information and trends about how often different emotes are used on Twitch and a leaderboard of "top emotes" – As a streamer, if you wanted to know which of your subscriber emotes are most liked or most successful across the platform, then you could look at stats from these types of websites..
Greetings /u/King_baxi, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 4I**: Ensure there isn't a megathread for your topic. Please see our Feedback Megathread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search?q=%22Monthly+Channel+Feedback+Thread%3A%22&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; if I make an alt account with my old name so no one else take &gt; my old name, after sixty days Its not 60 days: it is "minimum of 6 months", and it could potentially be longer than 6 months. See [Twitch's Username Recycling Policies](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/username-rename-and-recycling-policies?language=en_US#HowtoChangeYourUsername). You will likely find that the original username is unavailable for creating even the initial alt account with, and the exact time it could become available is unknown.
Greetings /u/Sixsavior, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please see the discussion from last month: [Twitch not working for Minecraft modpacks](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/comments/gkj933/twitch_not_working_for_minecraft_modpacks/fqrecss/) Your error message is the same; the version of the Minecraft launcher is not compatible with Java 9 or newer versions of Java than Java version 8. Workarounds are either to deploy an older version of Java and configure the Minecraft launcher to use the older Java version, OR use a different/updated launcher.
Greetings /u/kazz_904, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4I**: Ensure there isn't a megathread for your topic. Please participate in our Twitch Service Megathread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search?q=%22Twitch+services+megathread%22&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Some streamers make a big deal and express towards the audience that they are honored, because you only get one prime sub. That would be partly about thanking the viewer, and making sure to express how much they appreciate it. That also helps remind other people who might be listening that Twitch prime subscriptions exist or to check if they themself might have a prime sub available (encourage more people to use their prime by mentioning the topic in passing). On the other hand: I would not read too much into it either.. its kind of just streamer style and mannerisms. Twitch tells the channel that it was a PRIME sub, so that is information the streamer and everyone in chat is usually given in the alert text, and they may just like to convey all the information in the alert text in their speech.
Greetings /u/Judester_21, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
It is suggested to make sure you have disabled any 3rd party browser extensions you might have installed such as Ad blocking extensions, BTTV, FrankerFaceZ, etc, as there might be scripting affecting your web browser that breaks Twitch's new layout, then clear your web browser's cache and cookies. next exit and restart the browser, and see if the chat box returns...
Greetings /u/StarS3V, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Hockey_Five_Oh, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2D**: Don’t post link redirects. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/redditaccount765, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 4I**: Ensure there isn't a megathread for your topic. Please see our Collaboration Megathread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search/?q=Collaboration+mega-thread&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;t=all&amp;sort=new You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Maingoblintv, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; "Oops. Won't happen again" 'Reply all "Why am I getting this?"'
Greetings /u/hehelollerxd, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Not exactly a myth, there. Broadcasting their service is against Spotify's User Agreement... the argument that Spotify possibly encouraged it (By having their Twitch App, and not making sure people know its allowed use) and/or did not put efforts into finding and terminating Spotify users is a different kind of argument – the observation that users have been "getting away with it" did not mean their ToS allows it.
Greetings /u/snowflaker132, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/tikmister, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Numbwhistle040, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/zac_lives_matter, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4I**: Ensure there isn't a megathread for your topic. Please see our Twitch Service Megathread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search?q=%22Twitch+services+megathread%22&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/LukeDeanSisson, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/VacistHavard, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/mangolinii, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Zombrodie, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4B**: Don’t create a post that’s unrelated to Twitch. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Haydenleew7, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/RinkyMcTinky, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 4A**: Search first before posting. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules/common_topics) . https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/affiliate You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/americanballstar, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1. Thank you.
Greetings /u/maga_cs, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Oskarukas, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/domthebomb88, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/saltygoose_, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4A**: Search first before posting. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules/common_topics) . Beginners' Streaming Tips - https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/startingout You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Glitchy_Boss_Fight, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 4I**: Ensure there isn't a megathread for your topic. Please see our Collaboration Megathread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search/?q=Collaboration+mega-thread&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;t=all&amp;sort=new You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2. Thank you.
Greetings /u/VIBRANT_Vxbes_YT, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Reddit users' text flair might indicate their profile; [Rule 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines) is regarding posts and comments.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2. Thank you.
Well, one thought is to promote a channel without being annoying – actually, its not just Twitch channels but probably any product.. First of all: make sure the venues are appropriate (For example: Social media and other sites where you can put your own content, Your own website, Good friends / Acquaintances that expessed interest, or websites/services where you made a paid placement or got special permission from the owner, etc.. Don't spam.). To actually have a promotion be successful.. try to make certain any Ad or Promotion provides substantial entertainment value - more than enough to make up for peoples' time watching or reading the material and enough to elicit emotions - marketers try to make their ads very funny etc., so they are more memorable and people might share the advert (which sometimes even barely mentions the product), This applies whether the promotion will be text, a graphical banner, audio, or video.. the important thing about a good promotion is the reader will come away with it feeling fulfilled or that they enjoyed watching or reading the promo itself. The last thing one should want is a Twitter post with just a channel link - ideally would be something like a Tweet with an animated gif or 10 second video highlighting something new and amazing (enough where people would want to share) that also relates to the channel every time going live, for example.
Greetings /u/cookiemonsters30, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 1**: [General Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_general_guidelines). - **Rule 1H**: No unhelpful or nonconstructive posts. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/SnEaKy-SAVAGE-76, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/CalebCrissScott, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 5A**: Don’t post clips from your own channel. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1. Thank you.
Greetings /u/p4rtype0le, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4E**: Don’t post link dumps. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/toker92, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/MasonTice05, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/ahmadsandhu400, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4B**: Don’t create a post that’s unrelated to Twitch. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/JuderTTV, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/TapTrix, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 3**: [Account Support Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_account_support_guidelines) - **Rule 1E**: Don't call out others in a negative manner. - **Rule 3B**: Don’t post regarding [reporting an account](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/how-to-file-a-user-report?language=en_US). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Kura1771, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; What action should I take so this doesn't happen again? There is no technical means to make sure all network-based attacks are 100% completely prevented if you are revealing your public IP address in any way or playing a peer-to-peer game. Even in case you use a VPN solution for playing your game.. a malicious actor could potentially attack whatever public IP address your VPN exits on. My suggestion would be to: Either avoid multiplayer games that use a Peer-to-Peer network architecture, or don't provide a way for people who only know you on Twitch to be able to access your game and start playing with you - especially not new users. Most people are fine, so you can likely stop 99% of issues by taking a policy of only playing games with people you have known for a certain length of time and have "invested" into the relationship on their own without being prompted – at least then you know that if they in fact are a troll... then they are at least not one of the drive-by trolls just jumping to new channels every day to try and have a quick laugh at someone else's expense. &gt; At that point my internet crashed completly and the said in chat "Lag?" and &gt; "Got what you deserve". My streamer friend's wifi also went out for a short time. &gt; So I assume they DDOS'd me. From what you described, some kind of network-based attack seems like a good guess about what probably happened, although it sounds like you have nothing definitive that the network disruption you had was caused by someone else's deliberate actions (The circumstances of your network issues are highly suggestive but could be a coincidence.. for example: a temporary internet backbone routing issue just happened to occur at just the right time for unrelated reasons). I would Not say _DDoS_, because that is too specific; a malicious actor with the actual means to launch that would likely consider it overkill for targeting a residential connection... I don't want to describe the types of things specifically, but there are many many types of Denial of Service - simple DoS which would have the same result, that some random kid with average technical understanding would have much easier lower-cost/easier access to the resources for than DDoS.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2 a. Thank you.
I would probably suggest if at all possible shopping for a cheap lavalier clip-on type microphone instead for about 16$ + adapters, assuming you haven't already purchased the 10 to 15$ worth of adapters to break out the audio output port on your mobile device. I mean sure, if the phone has the audio ports for it, then MacGuyver'ing a mobile into a microphone is a theoretical possibility with the correct cables and/or adapters (Not all 3.5mm ports on all devices will be compatible with all cables - you need to get the audio output conducted from the phone intended for headphones to a cable that will connect to the other device).. If your phone is an Android device and has a 3.5mm port, then I understand there's supposedly at least one App to supposedly echo the phone's microphone input out the phone's audio output, and therefore the headphone jack. I have not tested any of that personally.. its theoretically possible, but just keep in mind your phone likely wasn't really designed to work as a standalone microphone for content creation. Its not necessarily reliable, also unless you have a dedicated mobile intended for this it sounds like it would be inconvenient for most people to commit your mobile in this manner and might cause other problems.
Greetings /u/Snoo57223, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/PrivateBlue_E, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 1**: [General Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_general_guidelines). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/TheOnlyReggiie, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/AymanOTG, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. - **Rule 4H**: Don’t post in a language other than English. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/MasonTice05, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/ItsApplified, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/StarXxXSoldier, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/baysnake2ooo, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/darkskyyz, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/BirontheMad, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/MrCheesman, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1a (and 2a). Thank you.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1. Thank you.
Greetings /u/Pangea-primal, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4A**: Search first before posting. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules/common_topics) . Beginners' Streaming Tips - https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/startingout You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/MrLawLaw, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/FDBH, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Kadwae, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/migbossofficial, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/alexandersalmon, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Asad1337, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4A**: Search first before posting. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules/common_topics) . Basic Affiliate Questions - https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/joining-the-affiliate-program?language=en_US#revenue - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/reuseac, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Tomy3008, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Cookiemeister223, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/DDBulldawg488, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). - **Rule 4I**: Ensure there isn't a megathread for your topic. Please see our Twitch Service Megathread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search?q=%22Twitch+services+megathread%22&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1. Thank you.
Greetings /u/YoungBlessed, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Granty96x_ttv, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Mercy_logo, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
StreamElements' bot does support regular expressions if you access from the left hand menu "Spam Filters" under the bot menu and turn on the Banned Words filter, then use the Edit button to the right, and create a Group or open an existing word group. Name the word group. Enter the timeout duration in seconds (or -1 for ban). Check the "Messages" box to match on the text people type; check "Username" if you want your banned words to match on text in peoples' username. Then of course add one or more banned phrases and check the "Regular Expression" checkbox. Keep in mind that the exact format of a regular expression is very specific to the bot you are using (there are a few different popular regex formats.. with Perl's / pcre format regex probably being the most common) - on some bots you need to start a Regular Expression with "/" and end it with "/", but that is not the case with Elements Elements' regular expressions are also not prefixed with "regex:"..; I would suggest trying a simpler regex first and experiment using the "Test" button... Some example regular expressions: \d+ viewers\b \d{3}[- ]?\d{2}[ -]?\d{4} \b((\(\d{3}\) ?)|(\d{3}-))?\d{3}-\d{4}\b In some other bots you might be required to enter that same first regex as regex:/[0-9]+ viewers/ Or at least /[0-9]+ viewers/ This just depends on the particulars of the regex implementation being used. It is a bit of a better/more powerful option to try constructing patterns than trying to construct a huge wordlist listing a large number of individual variations, as you can capture a large number of variations with a single pattern. Just keep in mind its just an improvement... there will always be more new variations that somebody could possibly come up with.
Greetings /u/OfficialBBQKITTY, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) - **Rule 5A**: Don’t post clips from your own channel. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/manami_hanatsuki, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Gunnarsson4, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4H**: Don’t post in a language other than English. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Fast-Connection8926, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Wait.. Do you mean that you see streams loading properly when you are using an Ad Blocker but then the next load of a channel page no longer works if you have the 3rd party ad blocker disabled or removed when loading the page? In this case I would suggest clearing your browser cache, and restart the web browser and Shift+Reload the page. Should that fail: the next step I would suggest is try an entirely different browser for troubleshooting purposes. Its possible that loaded Javascript in the browser from Twitch's site has an old, stale, or incorrect version cached locally by the web browser. That is just a guess.. only Twitch really knows the details about how their current advertising system woks. It could be a problem in the Ad video, and ultimately if you rule out a local software or network problem – the 2000 error is something you might need to [email Twitch support about](http://link.twitch.tv/help).. I would predict the first thing they are likely to ask is that you uninstalled any 3rd party browser extensions and completely cleared all browser user profile data and settings, all cookies, etc, resetting the browser to defaults, so might as well try that if not yet done.
Greetings /u/Kroonnii, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4H**: Don’t post in a language other than English. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Harukoooo, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
The fact of the matter is if you want to join any affiliate program: supplying your information to the company is a requirement. Twitch cannot pay out money to someone without their tax information. What you describe is a crime largely committed when peoples' private information is discovered by anonymous trolls on the internet. So I believe a bulk of the risk here comes just from being a content creator or streamer with content being published on the internet... regardless of whether you join the Affiliate program or not: if you can be found online, then the channel and any personalities will be a potential target for trolls, and that becomes more likely the larger the audience, and may have more or less trolls to contend with depending on the nature of the content, the culture of the audience, and the target age group of the content. Just joining Affiliate should not change much. Unless you are believing that the Twitch/Amazon staff are likely perpetrators, or you don't trust Twitch to provide adequate security/privacy for confidentiality of your account and financial information... just doing business online even as a non-affiliate likely carries a similar kind of risk.
Greetings /u/alexagero, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/BunnyBoo566, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4A**: Search first before posting. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules/common_topics) . Beginners' Streaming Tips - https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/startingout You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/raxn1, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Snugop, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 1**: [General Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_general_guidelines). - **Rule 1E**: Don't call out others in a negative manner. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/BigmikeBr, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1. Thank you.
Greetings /u/modyghandoor, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/BlueAceTV, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1a (and rule 2a). Thank you.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2. Thank you.
Greetings /u/praveenkumar_mcfc, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1. Thank you.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1. Thank you.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2a. Thank you.
Greetings /u/Questor0, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/young_C_bomb, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4A**: Search first before posting. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules/common_topics) . https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/search?q=get+getting+viewers+to+chat&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/xd_Waffle, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4A**: Search first before posting. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules/common_topics) . https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/comments/hgdwb5/drdisrepect_banned_on_twitch/ - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Shulkgameplay, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Ode07031, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/JUK1NG, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
The r-word is a warped version of the former medical term for a certain condition that furthers a false negative stereotype about people suffering from an intellectual disability. Please don't use the word to refer to people.
Greetings /u/ChillGuy12333, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4C**: Don’t post without an informative title. Please see [this wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/informative_titles) . You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1. Thank you.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1a (and 2a ). Thank you.
Greetings /u/megabound21YouTube-, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; refusing to return the other 11 seems both harsh and possibly &gt; illegal? I contacted them less than 24 hours after the purchase. I kind of have to agree... A provider refusing to let subscribers cancel this, especially for the future prepaid months of digital services not delivered within such a short time after purchase kind of sounds fairly sleazy; this is not something one expects from a quality service provider – most companies allow prepaid subscriptions for future services to be cancelled with a refund for unused time, at least if the cancellation request is made in a timely manner. Well, the illegal part is a family member accessing your computer and making a transaction on your Paypal account without your permission to use the account. In this situation: I would consider opening a dispute with Paypal, since it was an unauthorized payment.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 1. Thank you.
Greetings /u/ez6172, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Punmato, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Da2ndDimension, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/fedaIy, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/DIZZMAN187, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Roastcape02, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) - **Rule 5A**: Don’t post clips from your own channel. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Roastcape02, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) - **Rule 5A**: Don’t post clips from your own channel. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2. Thank you.
Interesting. Well, It doesn't seem like splitting "Music" from "Performing Arts" would be great; I see how the 24/7 streams are a nuisance when searching though. I agree that Twitch's directory tool would certainly be more useful for discovery if it focused on live content and provides ways of filtering these out in some manner. Like a separate "Radio" category or parallel categories for non-Live content. As far as I know when Twitch split "Music &amp; Performing Arts" from the Creative / IRL categories a few years ago it seems like it was intended to be the space to find streamers who are Artists and Musicians making music And the other performing arts such as on-stage or live performances, Improv, etc. I am thinking Radio content arguably is not truly Music in the expected sense; as its just the repeated display/presentation of finished works – Like having a 24x7 slide show stream presenting an Artists' completed paintings or sculptures in a loop doesn't seem like it should be able to be "Art" (if there were such streams). If I am browsing a category like this... Live performances of Music, Art, etc are certainly what I would be expecting. Unattended streams that are basically 24x7 audio with mostly static imagery.. begins to seem like not live streams really. It almost seems like "Non-Interactive" or "Rerun Content" would best be a separate tab when browsing lists of channels in the directory.
Greetings /u/Reflec_Xion, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) - **Rule 5A**: Don’t post clips from your own channel. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Mercy_logo, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; Am i allowed to stream one evening on twitch and the next &gt; day on yt For Partners or Affiliates streaming to Twitch and then later the same day or next day on YT, then it should be *different* content. Users who signed an agreement with Twitch should really read the specific agreement that they signed, but just as general information: For Partners or Affiliates, Twitch's standard program agreement does not allow their program members to put the *Same* content on Youtube that same user streamed to Twitch until 24 hours later. If that same user creates a different program that does not reuse any of the content streamed to Twitch, then it does not become exclusive to Twitch.. assuming they don't stream it live to Twitch. Some partners have agreements that are different than others'.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules). More specifically, rule 2a. Thank you.
&gt; From my understanding showing banned streamer's content is bannable? Well; it certainly sounds like it could be a risky move under the right conditions. And even aside from copyright issues (much video of public figures is from major news media, and showing clips from major news networks could lead to copyright enforcement actions). There's nothing clearly in the Community Guidelines that say showing some video containing a banned person is bannable (assuming the channel showing video of them does not benefit that person/give them a voice/allow them to participate/ interact with Twitch, or evade their suspension in some way, etc.. [Community Guidelines](https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/community-guidelines/) - note that "Presence on another user's account" is evasion), but I think it should be obvious that showing anything like a live interview or recorded video clip the streamer received but does not fully vet before showing live on their own stream would be even more risky than usual in this case (much like a streamer showing a piece of media submitted from a new viewer or known troll would be).
Greetings /u/the_orange-orange, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Mercy_logo, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/RustRehab, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Please read the [subreddit rules](https://reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules) more specifically, rule 1a (and 2a). Thank you.
&gt; I think it is fair to say that if a streamer finds out that there &gt; is an under 18 person in their chat, it's an instaban. Choosing to ban any chatters indicating they are a minor - age below 18 or not from posting any messages might have a valid purpose in rare contexts, but it does not cause any Community Guidelines to become relaxed – the caster and chat are still not allowed to put sexually suggestive content or "Adults-Only" rated materials on Twitch.
Greetings /u/guest3123143, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
&gt; The other issue is it's like pulling fucking teeth to get my fans to come to twitch. A random thought is that maybe a portion of the art fans are much more interested in the art than the whole process of creating pieces. Like unveiling and discussing new completed pieces on stream might be much more exciting for some people than watching the creation process, and could be a much easier thing to mix with gaming content on the same stream. What you do depends upon what kind of channel you personally want to make, and what you find the most fun. But there could be multiple different ways of approaching streams around Art as a subject... If your object is to engage with Twitter followers and get them interested, then perhaps one thought would be to consider some just chatting content for example recapping some conversations you had on Twitter around art that attracted the most interest..
Greetings /u/Ogaitnas-Sama, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/nglbored, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): AMA's and Third party advertisements [require permission](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines) beforehand. Please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch) to discuss. - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Streamer1170, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Milosh0909, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/bigmans12s, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 4**: [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_submission_guidelines) - **Rule 4E**: Don’t post link dumps. You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/raxn1, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/Goldslick3, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 2**: [Advertisement Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_advertisement_guidelines). - **Rule 2A**: Don’t post channel links or usernames. You can add your Twitch URL to your Reddit Flair. [This post explains how](https://redd.it/gmxwrd). You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
Greetings /u/chefexellenceroflamo, Thank you for posting to /r/Twitch. Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): - **Rule 5**: [Clip Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/wiki/rules#wiki_clip_guidelines) You can view the subreddit rules [here](https://reddit.com/r/Twitch/about/rules). If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the subreddit moderators via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwitch). Re-posting again without express permission, or harassing moderators, may result in a ban.
