Idiot. Was that meant to be funny?
Apart from beating the germans in africa ya idiot
Its a fucking movie. I thought it made patton look bad.
Because he was a major general in ww2. You should know too. If not your post is just noise.
You missed out “its not a thing”. Here in the UK we dont generally see shrinks unless its a full blown mental breakdown.
Some 2020 tabloids in the UK would still run a headline like “Phew, its so HOT in Finland” but way more crummy than that
And what passes as a president right now shouldnt be legal
Fuck off you have no idea how old the poster was
Nicholas Cage.
Its poundland actually. Www.poundland.co.uk Their website is also cheapass
I see what you did there
Thats exactly the part of the world they come from. Plus Mohammed had 6 wives. Wtf is that to do with OPs post anyway
Rhinoceros
Doesnt work like that
Wrong reddit for that terminology unless YTA
When i was there it seemed a civilised orderly place. You make it sound like India
He seems to be right about the Aus govt tho, potty mouth cunt :)
Americans have 300 different ways of frying sn egg so this is acceptable
It was never about the british royal family
Wtf happened to the mess that is UK and Ireland!
Thats a terrible margin. Clothes stores have something like a 300% markup. If you think 18% is a good margin stick to being an employee. My small family business makes 45% and my full time machinery employment makes 100%. Makes something for 10 and sells for 20. Thats 100% markup before you get picky
There isnt $3.50 in a pizza. Thats a lot of markup from the franchise. They cant go down the street and buy the materials from a supermarket....
Ya dont think the exacting placement of the pole and the fucked up colours took the disaster impact away but greatly increased the karma?
This is about the same as the UK. You can drive and get a full license at 17. Must gave a qualified driver with you supervising until you get full license
I feel the same about you. Cut the racist shit
I bought my dad a stone in the north bank wall when he died in 2014
No thanks
That was the UK
1666
Anythings a light sabre if you are brave enough
I didnt feel god in there. It felt more like the interior of an alien spaceship as the architecture looks so surreal
Had to delete my post as you got here first!
Fantastic add on to your winning the HK war!
Looks too perfect to be real
Car full of koala excrement
And murder someones general outside of a declared war scenario in a foreign place
Hello gorgeous
Well you see the snail trails on the ground if women dont have legs
Argon isnt poisonous so not particularly scary
There was no chlorine sign which would have been more important as a danger. You are just scaremongering and speculating
Wrong way around
Used a whole lot in mig welding.
You can get married on many places including UK at 16
Where is Sprog when his poem is needed?
This type of dishwasher feature has been posted at least twice before so not that odd. Its a built in unit with no visible control panel with the door closed hence the status projection
This happens a lot????
Think about shit before you type
Richard Branson doesnt own virgin media anymore. Its a licensed brand name https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virgin_Media
Yeah its not happening
REALLY?
Your wife is a fucking idiot. Perhaps she should have held up id in all her photos
Looks fake AF
I named it REPOST
As does “an un named source said” = we made it up
She rocks
This is not novel and gas been around some time in Europe at least
Why would they need to be? Keeping them bare keeps them cooler so they can carry more power. Wires heat up carrying large currents
He actually reached up and touched the cable. Not even by accident
Its a big open area and not likely still air. The gas is going to disperse pretty quick
So... you H from Steps?
Thats not your name
Its called a zip fly and not unusual!
He’s a wanker
Two year old karma grab https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/metro.co.uk/2018/01/19/dog-killer-dies-after-pet-owner-rams-him-into-a-brick-wall-with-his-car-7243259/amp/
A nuclear power plant near North London?
https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/metro.co.uk/2018/01/19/dog-killer-dies-after-pet-owner-rams-him-into-a-brick-wall-with-his-car-7243259/amp/
DO NOT BUY THE CHOCOLATE!!!!
I will smile and laugh at your moms death and check out your reactions
Reddit has done it again. A thread in ask reddit asked who wasnt dead yet. Christopher Tolkien got a mention..
We dont have this concept in the UK. Plates stay with the car for life with no fees. There is however a sliding scale tax payable yearly to use the vehicle on the road
Im fantastically sorry but why the overdose? The gun alone would have done it
I hope you find a job that makes better money so you dont have to do this
What is the fucking obsession with Americans- especially naked ones - posing on train tracks?
Thats not a British train. Plus no adult here is fucking stupid enough to trespass on train tracks that are almost always fenced off
Game of Cones
Fuck off
Thats a de dion type rear axle. Basically a beam axle. The car is front wheel drive
If the wheels are not driven by the engine they freewheeled independently of each other. If they are driven, when you are turning a corner one wheel will turn at a different rate to the other. If they are locked together by the engine drive then the slower wheel will be dragged along and the speed of the faster wheel and will scrub and skid and the handling will be shit. The differential is a gearbox that sorts the speed difference out whilst allowing both wheels to be powered
The amount of people here that think this is real........ His grandpa FFS!
Spit roast?
The mini pickup was a real thing. Six wheels were not https://images.app.goo.gl/2SKudBzdA7QNdWBz9
11 year old article BTW
Apart from this was the UK ya twat
Why would anyone ever have accepted a lowball lowball
My 3 year old house only has mixers
David Bowie?
We dont buy much from the US its mostly EU. And we buy no cars made in America. Edit its true downvoting fuckwit
Uk has access to Airbus, BP and i dont think we buy any American oil, electronics is mostly from korea and china. We can forgo fast and furious and transformers thanks.
Ex Calibur?
The print media us not here to help you or be your friend. Its there to sell copies and pedal the owners politics
And then gets killed. As always
Crack two eggs in a cup, tip in the pan. Double yoker
Someone that actually called their cat shithead, after you ;)
Copypasta moron right there. He can F off
Build your own brand. You are not ebay.
Hilarious.... /s
If you are in mid air i would still go for the helicopter
Unless it falls on you
You guys.....as if this was a fucking thing
It looks like a hellhole at ground level too. They build tower blocks as a concrete frame. Then random bits are sold and filled in with cinder blockwork and openings but no glass windows. Even the pyramids are 400 yards from a pizza hut as this sprawl moves outwards. The nile is a sewer.
Get a real job so you dont need to do this
Nah. We have wildlife parks like this in the UK and no one is this fuckin stoopid
I can smell the piss from here
I did just this as a kid. Took over a week for the picture to go back to normsl
Your post is an abortion. YTA ! 😉
But dont fuckin celebrate it.....
And america has the Mai Lai massacre. A whole vietnam village killed by rampaging troops.
You know that its only the catholics - 20% of northern ireland that want independence? The other 80% want to be british- its not as simple as you think. Edit Vast majority on here are Americans who have no fucking idea
Any news article in a form of a question is always bollocks
They look like cooling fins and not cables. You see the smoke from the burn as he touches
Says the guy making it up
They look like cooling fins on pipes. You see no spark or throwback of his body just a puff from the burn. This is not an electrical shock. This is dome kind of cooling radiator.
You would be totally used to it if that was the normal
Because its a finned radiator not an electrical conductor
Because they happen every damn day /s How about a version that doesnt include any current USA news stories so you dont get scared shitless about what you are flying into?
Welcome to a massive breakout of covid
Shuush. They have forgotten how they dissed right wing assholes with guns marching. Now its their turn to fuck up social distancing for what they believe
Why would a bare conductor be bolted to a roof where there are no other signs of overhead wires?
Nah. You saw no arc and he didnt her thtown back it was more or a reaction than an electric shock
Keep sleeping mate
I dont see that context in the picture apart from black officer shouting at white one. Sad i need to differentiate
A camera
The clampdown knobhead
Total moronic cunts. BBC was saying they were protesting a mixed race guy who was shot by the police 9 years ago. Just happened to be armed and on a criminal activity. Mark Duggan. Look it up.
Engage your brain and come out with something that makes sense. King? Fuck have you been 68 years?
Thats your next POTUS
Or just let it dry out and it will mostly be ok. Your approach seems like an insurance claim where everything gets done to the detail. My first house with concrete floors and plastered walls flooded 2 ins deep when a pipe burst. It all dried out and didnt even have to change carpets. Likely get downvoted bit the above was my actual real life experience. But this was a 100 year old solid brick wall house and not some crap made out of wood and drywall
And cars have fully adjustable seats and steering wheels....
Sounds like he did
Yeah. Im in the UK where we dont make houses out of trees
Bullshit. Its a drowning warning nothing more
Lots if places like this. Grafham water in UK has a village under it
This was always what i saw
She should be in the team
Lets hope he is holding that in court one day.
The real LPT is dont rent from shady unknown outlets. Dont buy their waivers , buy a much cheaper policy online before the rental then it doesnt matter a fuck shat they bill you. Ive rented cars dozens of times no problems
He means new card. And all the hassle that entails. Fuckwit lpt
You just had a stroke
When you do this you get people apply that are no hopers and not qualified as they are chancers and bluffers that want to try for the big £££££££. Brain surgeon? Thats me for £400,000! Ive seen this reading through peoples CVs before
Because everyone employed at that company looks on indeed when their company advertises to see what other employees salaries are - people in my employment do this - and the company does not want to reveal pay structure
Ironically you can see a pizza hut about half a mile away standing at the sphinx
A what?
This was 10 plus years ago when Clarkson had a short run chat show. That map stayed without America during the whole run https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarkson_(TV_series)
Doggerland was the land between UK and Europe that flooded and created the north sea less than 10000 years ago. So land would actually be regained ya fuckwit https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doggerland
This was 10 plus years ago when Clarkson had a short run chat show.
But you never were
What about the 3 years since 1939 when USA just watched the world burn???????? It was a 6 year war not a fucking 3 year stint where USA came out of it very well politically and the UK had to pay every penny back for the help and equipment we got. Took over 50 years to clear the debt. But thanks anyway
No one can rely on America right now, not even Americans
Ok Cunt. FTFY
20 years ago https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarkson_(TV_series)
Yeah I understand that, and i really like the States and have been there over 25 times. The typical American (politics and religion out of it) are nice people to meet. But honestly you seriously need to sort yourselves out from the political cesspit you have become
Because if you hadnt fucking made that clear everyone would have been clueless!
We really dont care how long ago it was as its not anywhere near the average brits consciousness. You need to get over yourselves
You know all those really really fucking annoying ads all over US TV? Like about 15-20 mins an hour with a half hour program chopped into three? Would you pay $190 a year to be rid of that shit and all the interruptions?
Its been the case for 70+ years.....and you havnt got used to the concept yet?
But have you seen the fucking shit that passes for tv in America and the wall to wall commercials???
Hilarious /s
I doubt it!
The food industry does use blue band aids on workers as its easy to see as food doesnt tend to be blue. But probably not a kids cartoon plaster. Also, they have aluminum strips built in to make them metal detector detectable and this doesnt have them cos food factories dont have kiddie band aids
They would have been banged up
In the UK we have full toilet doors and no urinal dividers. You have the opposite
Bicycle. Motorcycle. Very similar words.
Minute
If its a valuable shipment put two address labels on the package and write on the carton your return address
35 years earlier Stefan Bellof died attempting the same thing in an endurance racer https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stefan_Bellof
How do you forge a will in the USA? In UK you have to have two non benefit witnesses and a copy has to be filed with a national archive....you cant just pull out a piece of paper with a signature on it
Must be inconvenient for the postman
Hide the pickle :p
This has never happened
The man is scared
Like a chip shop pie?
Its a fifth of a US gallon isnt it? Where the phrase “i drank a fifth of vodka you dare me to drive” comes from?
Im sorry :)
Think hes a bit of a publicity whore. Doing well on ebay tho!
Hes blabbed about it before and got his account hacked. Comics and paper based items
Because they want to invalidate their insurance and drive very slowly in a straight line
Thats the only problem you see?
Not thought someone was having a joke on Facebook and you got r/whooosh
Racist fuck
Have you seen the girl with the dragon tattoo?
So how do the police explain on the arrest report that they felt the need to shoot a guy in the face in a wheelchair? American police are something else. What other first world police are like this?
Now she should shoot the fuck out of it with a rubber bullet just for being there
And gets all the spelling wrong
Dont think anyone has been named Leslie in the UK of any sex for some time
This
She is absolutely fine on all counts. I guess none if you guys own a mirror
Prob twoxcromasomes or amitheasshole
There is around eight large Amazon warehouses in the UK
No and no. What’s wrong with you?
Well. They are guaranteed not to get paid now
You can take away the top and bottom middle chains and it would still work. They are there for the illusion
OP made it but didnt invent it
This exact thing happened to me professionally in a 60 person presentation. The guy i was presenting with kept referring to things i was going over later but providing all the details anyway. When it was my turn i knew i couldnt just repeat so had to go off piste with something else and totally fucked it up by looking unprepared and stuttery. Fuck you mike broderick
Where has the back half of that washing machine gone? European machines are about twice as deep as that
Its a radio alarm clock
As a Brit i can say we dont build houses like this. Donestic properties are brick and block not rebar and cast concrete. On the other hand, property in spain and greece and other Mediterranean countries are almost exclusively built like this
We dont build like that in UK. Its brick and block not rebar and cast concrete
There is. European machines are generally front liading and for a 600mm bay. Americans machines are normally top loaders and much bigger. And if you look at some small properties in europe there are 450mm wide machines. Get yer facts straight first
Thats ambiguous
We posted a card on holiday once in a box like this. It arrived marked by the post office “sorry, attacked by snails”
Lets hope they also close down all the schools and charities and almshouses his legacy funds to this day, too. Its dirty money
Or not ignored just got decided the way you didn’t agree with?
Yeah thousands of slaves died in the colosseum pull that fucker down. Also im pretty sure ive seen christian churches with symbols of execution on their roof sometimes even with a man nailed to it. Lets rip them down and be rid of this torturous shit /s
No offence intended but i suspect black Americans who were forced to North America as slaves probably dont want to go back to Africa given the chance.....
300. Edit for downvoter - died in 1721 ya knobhead. Plus 125 fucking years is just outside living memory?????
This train is stupid. Thats 4x in the last 4 weeks its been lost in that wood
Looks like you are missing smoking outside the pub
This is a cooling tower also used in coal fired stations. Doesnt mean on its own that the station was nuclear. It condenses the steam back to water so it can go back to the boilers and be reused. All the “smoke” you see from these is water vapour
It was always known , from the day of Kennedys speech, that it was a race to beat the Russians
Mines automatic. So there.
Why are you ok with murdering kids with poor taste?
Im assuming you dont mean Victoria. (Her real name was Alexandrina btw)
Protesters are not the community at large
It was a weekly skit for about a year
I remember seeing one of those live....
EE is owned by BT if that helps the circlejerk
Its the UK. We dont need those murderous fetishist toys.
No its in a high value area, it would have been demolished.
Reeeee
Bullshit.
Didnt Jesus also smash up that church one with the money lenders?
Yea it looks like an insult doesnt it? Donald trump is a massive POTUS.
Never? You can fit a supercharger kit and get 280+ hp.....thats not never
Its Americans trying to distract from their own shitshow of oppression
Got if free from a shop with a broken window
Did that internet test did ya? The one with all the spam ads?
Yeah. Hes on here. 142 would have more sense and better things to do.
Clearly some have windows as you can see in the picture. And the plans on this thread also show this
The focus on that really fucked my eyes up
Bimbo? Judgemental fucker. Also Only in your dreams mate.
Thats an old fiat panda / seat ibiza. Weight around 800kg+. That guy either is super strength or thats fake
No way was that working. How the fuck do you dial out?
Well, thats the Dukes Of Hazzard on the banned list soon....
Yeah. I was 24.
I think he is pointing out that some black people have better lives than him. Its kinda racist in itself to assume black people are all poor and downtrodden. They are not.
Yeah just to see how terrible she is /s
You wasted a lot of time on that
Its tantamount to mob lynchings but vented onto statues
I remember this at the time - it was 1970s
America generally doesnt five a fuck about news unless its st their front door. You see much foreign news outside NA for example? Your news is shit. And biased as fuck
TBF thats a shitty statue. Looks like your gran in a rage
Very very little of the UK looks like this. Just in case anyone comes here and is disappointed
Thus has been reposted to fuck. It was opened for a few years in the 30s by the movie star Mary Pickford
Couldnt find a statue
Ghoulish person
Apart from the backflip? And it was a heart attack? But otherwise exactly the same /s
This kills the circlejerk
It blew up. There was no shuttle to glide just a falling cockpit
Whats wrong with children’s poems?
This seems boring. I read a very funny review about 3 bags of 20mm gravel on wickes website. So if you thought nothing of relevance could be put in a review for gravel..... Gravel looks lovely in the garden. Delivery was a pain. I rang the store before I ordered to explain that I needed it put straight into my garden as I live on a narrow private road and there's nowhere at all to leave it at the front. They assured me that the lorry would be able to lift the gravel up and over my wall and put it directly in my back garden. Driver arrived with my 3 jumbo bags of gravel and flatly refused to put it over the wall. 3 bags of gravel now blocking a right of way. I've been shifting gravel by the bucketful for the last 5 hours and I've still got 1.5 bags to go. Nobody has been able to drive to or from their houses down the right of way in all that time. In summary. Don't trust the store when they tell you they can put it where you need it. I would have bought from elsewhere if they had been truthful with me! However, I now have a bad back and several annoyed neighbours because Wickes lied to me about the delivery.
This is how you burn the camera sensor with light overload.
Thats the same sentence you get for killing 70 people and setting off a bomb isnt it? Brevick?
Seems common to have 999 as mine is too
No to all of that
There is a lot of history. How much tome fo you have to learn it all? I dont come from Bristol. I come from a place where william knibb is celebrated but we dont learn of him either
How much time fo you have for history classes? None of which will get you a job in the real world
Statue of the aviator Rolls https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statue_of_Charles_Rolls,_Monmouth Wonder what shit he did to attract her attention. /s
Or what you post. You mean what the organisation states as a manifesto on their own website should be ignored. Just jump on the bandwagon as an ignorant?
TBF though, the vast majority of knife crime in london right now is black on black gangs. Look it up and see who is getting stabbed by who.
Standing by a statue of someone who had nothing to do with slavery or racist motives
They didnt think it mattered
I bet you buy all those shitty wall posters
You dont even know where it is do you?
No one does when you are standing by a statue of someone who had fuck all to do with race
You wont impress anyone on this sub with that. Seems to be lots of dodgers on here
YOU THINK SO?
Spend hundreds on a present for the little bastard he can at least set it up himself
Whats the drive got to do with it? Conventional mechanical drives are way faster than internet data rate
End this bullshit
I think this is bullshit. This was an anti statue trashing demonstration and the BLM demo was the day before. For the black guy to be there did not make him part of blm
Have you been? Its amazing but also a mixture of styles. The front of the building is totally different from the rear. Its taken around a hundred years to build and he died quite early on so it looks to me like many different peoples ideas combined or gaudi couldnt make up his mind
Exactly what i was going to post
It was a parody and they were clearly in on the joke
No car drivers in UK ignore traffic lights routinely. Cyclists on the other hand..
Ireland? Where else would English and a euro fine be used
And still people break social distancing to protest whatever
Yeah. Same cunts that say OK Boomer
Perhaps he was black and thought he might get shot /s
I wake up with an uncommanded boner. Fuck all i can do about it.
I see you learnt a new word today, but try not to use it all the time and try and put some thought into your answers Misandry. (Another word for you to learn)
And the woman half naked in a bikini photoshoot is doing it for free?
Oh. So they grabbed some woman off the street, forced her into a bikini and took unwelcome photos of her? There are women that exploit men by using their sex to obtain money. You can see this lady doing exactly that
There it is again Misandry.
Perhaps you need to ask why Hitler created the war scenario first. The famine and blockade is a direct result of it
Hard to do in a war scenario when the whole of Europe has collapsed into nazi occupation and you are the only free nation left this side of the Atlantic
Why is everything backwards in that image?
Or stay the fuck at home and maintain social distancing park
Bear in mind its possible for a repair to go wrong and the phone no longer works at all. Then you have a pissed customer who wants the value of his phone back.
r/idontworkherelady The same made up story told 100 different ways
I got banned for calling someone out on pimping their mom. Apparently its in the sub rules that you cant
Just set yourself on fire a little bit and work your way up?
You see him turn it on at the start
https://www.sofaking.org.uk
This is a very poor attempt at a blues song
And then she wipes her hand on her coat :) nice gesture though
No way would i take my young kid to a protest
Whoever gets elected- its always a hyped up brand new dawn that never materialises. I dont get why anyone would turn out and stand 4000ft from the Whitehouse for that
As do we in the UK.
And where are you? I grew up in n london and was taught about the black death
Its not only Merica that has laws ya know.
I bet you also have a squint when the sun is in your eyes
Monern parachutes provide incredibly gentle landings if its feathered as you land. You can see videos of people just sliding easily a few feet on their ass. The old round hit the ground hard parachutes are not really a thing now
Nothing has changed. A dildo on a steering wheel is not Racist Sexist Pro HK oppression Doesnt affect covid Doesnt litter Doesnt pollute the sea Not against LGBT Isnt police related Did i miss any r/circlejerk
Headphones cut you off from reality and will make you seem like an ignorant ass at checkout. Yes they do downvoting kiddies And you wont hear the car that runs you over in the parking area
This looks more like a coating to me as tar or asphalt doesnt flow like this
I thought that was the incoming new president
Well my wife is my best friend so she may have seen it at least once or twice
The duster in the UK at least does come as an auto. Its the only car dacia does here that has auto
But if you dont have any experience of an auto you wouldnt know any if that. I could equally say driving a manual is easy and clutch control is intuitive and simple. But if you have never driven manual you wont agree with that
This is the correct humorous answer
This seems slightly overstated and embellished.
In your area
Orrrrr use proper news channels and don’t believe shit you read on the internet
Just press alt F7
Pfh
This seems like an Onion article
A guy a few to the left has the same technique
I think its more copyright infringement as there was clearly consent but people sign a model release for it to be distributed. Either they didnt or didnt read it. They thought it was a video for a foreign market or bespoke viewer and not for their home country. Dont see any legal def or rape for this. Ok for someone in taiwan to see but not iowa doesnt make it rape
Bullshit aside, not everywhere is a warm day like Florida
The guy running around with the shrink wrap? The fuck? There are simple turntable machines at packaging expos that can do this. Everyone sells them
Who does this? Is this even a thing?
All the vage
Anyone with a reaction like this to a mcdonalds order shouldnt be on duty or perhaps even a cop.
Today you learned something most people knew for 20 years. There is even a famous pic of his house with two planes outside. Also a 707 is an extremely old plane and was the second jet airliner ever produced.
Too much water = weak mortar regardless
Yeah. It got him to a hospital and 30+ years. /s
What?
Most of reddit will hate you now for daring to afford this.
Not as you know it. Original TG was straight laced and infotainment style. Very british and BBC. How to change your oil and polish your spark plugs. No trips to jungles and dildos on steering wheels. Clarkson on TG in 1991. Boring as fuck https://youtu.be/sEZEEbAqgfc
12.45. I know a lot of people that were in that
https://youtu.be/MTdd0kdgXOo Doesnt have Coultard in it but this is part of that episode
No its not.ASDA is mainly a food store with clothing and goods bolted onto it . Walmart is light on foodstuffs and has far more clothing and non food goods
Its nothing special once you go to a big Tesco in uk. 20+ years ago yeah, but UK stores have really caught up in size and have 24 hr opening
Same in UK. 16 is legal unless you are a person of influence like her teacher
Mcdonalds
My wife
Clutch wont cause flames and come through the hood
And wreck a collectable worth hundreds of dollars
Who would have thought
Its better than yours
Even tho high speed massive high bandwidth comms are on fibre ya foofus
Bullshit. If hes wearing a helmet and felt that it must be made of eggshells
Car is a UK registration. We dont have that shit here
Lady?
Thank you for your contribution
Or is that just fantasy ?
Is this just fantasy?
This is a truck tire. They are often designed to be recut once or can have a new surface added which is then hand cut https://www.vaculug.com/retreading/the-process-of-retreading/
https://www.vaculug.com/retreading/the-process-of-retreading/
Getting the replacement insured.
She cant leave them. Too much of a wrench
This again?
I dont think you understand how this works
Its a picture sub. Not a psychiatrist office
On karma
Gt86
Thats to stop homeless sleeping on the bench
You must be too young to drive
Bike has big wheels, skateboard has tiny wheels and not as tall as pipe so cant go over it, skater is a dick
Problem is, idiots look diwn on the high paying jobs in the trades. Rather work in mcds with a degree in media studies than earn $$$ as a plumber
There are lots of own brand colas about tho not as good come close to the taste so the industry must have some idea whats in it. As would the workers dealing with the ingredients at coca cola and pepsi
I hope they got his insurance details
Its been replayed more than once by BBC.
I went to school outside the USA and didn’t have to do this BS not one single day
Sounds like brainwashing. Or when they taught us french songs in first school. It ends up being just sounds that mean nothing every day
Read this and weep https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pantheon,_Rome Specifically the 2000 ish year old concrete dome roof
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pantheon,_Rome Used in this 2000 year old church
I couldnt care less about your tool
That effect on uk houses is called artex. And it fucking does not come off.
Most of the comments section of that article are highly contradictory. Im 60, lived in uk my whole life (this house is in london) and i have never seen any of those items in that food cupboard before. This house seems to have been unoccupied my whole lifetime. And some. Plus its totally fucked you can see why it got pulled down
Of course you do. Its over fucking 30 years ago. We know.
Its bullshit. You can say any old crap without proof on reddit which is apparently 10% chinese owned. Wohoo. Just like most of America.
FFS. Thats not a monument it’s effectively a prison wall. It commemorates fuck all. Its an armed border. Your comparison makes no sense at all and if you are on the BLM bandwagon it has nothing whatsoever with racism and all about political idealism. You couldnt be more BS off target with this post. Which is of course a 30 year old picture
Where i come from that looks like a wasp
There is a better picture there if you crop it or didnt set the camera up 3x further away than it should have been. The big green cover is particularly photogenic
I dont think anywhere allows people in responsible positions to have sex with 15 year olds regardless of consent
Must be something in the water
There are people on reddit that do want to see 10 people stacked and screaming and will defend r/watchpeopledie But i am not one of these twisted beings. Downvotes find these assholes
Good that you couldnt find the video. Edit for the idiots who thought i was saying the fire was good. Look at the fucking comment chain
Bullshit. Dont post it in the first place.
And this us the usual stupid invalid excuse. You do not need to have public vids of others loved ones dying all over the internet to appreciate your own life.
I voted remain. But still people dont accept we left the EU as people voted to leave the EU. Its not a fucking conspiracy. People were stupid enough to vote for thus on their own.
An erection
There is such a thing as a reserve price. The seller would have at least got that. Its not as if it sold for £1
Naive
We sorted this problem in the UK in 1967 as we didnt make it a political issue. Sort yourself out America
You are wrong about the brexit shit. There are far more people 18-59 in the uk than over 60. My 80 year old mum voted remain. So cut out the ageist preduice
Time to get off the internet for you today i think until you get your brain in gear
On the other hand ive put some very shitty self assembled stuff together in the past that i would prefer to have put in the dumpster.
Classy
Obvious from the start
Or someone has photoshop
Lots of parts probably
Where you can punch yourself in the face at leisure
How can you be related to both?
Quote My grandpas cousin (technically my 3rd cousin) and another man were hired by a very jealous woman to kill her sons pregnant wife. And they did! They dumped her body in my hometown off the side of the road. My cousin, his accomplice, and the woman who hired them were all sent to the gas chamber in 1962 at San Quentin State Prison. This fits https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_Ann_Duncan
No! They protested to much and mow they will get an even worse chinese govenance. Seriously guys. They got no concessions and an even worse new law. You are deluded
Tianemen (sp) square was a result of “too much protesting”
Yeah! Like kim kardashian!
Many people dont give a shit about those three ticks.
Another brexit circlejerk
I think you will find we kicked Argentina’s fucking ass
We love chips here. Plenty of potatoes without importing
Hard sugar sweets. Pretty nasty actually
All cars have a physical steering linkage. Give me an example of one that doesnt....
Apart from fuel tank in front full of water.
Found the average redditor
Yeah. Fuck that rudimentary surgery
Hes prob not got much of that now
Woosyness. You are not alone.
That makes both of us. On the mulsanne. Head to head on the straight and then he puts the pedal ALL the way to the floor. As if you would keep something in reserve!
It seems to be the only example. And no thank you very much https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/www.motor1.com/news/64033/infiniti-q50-steer-by-wire-glitch-prompts-global-recall/amp/
There was little logistical support form America. We had to send the worlds second largest navy at the time 8000 miles where the agressor had the islands a few hundred miles away. We were not and still are not set up to be agressors like the USA with 12+ aircraft carriers. Argentina had state of the art French excocet guided anti ship missiles. These sank all of the ships we lost. One of which was a lightly defended troop ship which was UK biggest loss. For the Argentina side, look up the belgrano. Of course we lost ships in a conflict. So did they. In the sad amount of deaths the Argentineans lost far more forces than the UK did. Argentina lost big time by any measure. And have stayed the fuck away for 38 years
No. Its a reeeee from r/flipping from a few months ago
I think its nice to have proper explained context for a picture rather than the miss represented political stuff on here lately.
The real context from my point of view as an online seller worldwide shipping internationally takes a week to five or more weeks. We ship same business day. You cant control the mail
Dont give your USP away. Lesson 101
Bit melty when you receive them tho.
Dont you have metal detectors in your plant? That, and the fact that lug nuts dont get used in food factories, make this seem quite unlikely contamination
Ices are made in a vertical mould. I would have expected that nut to be right at the tip due to gravity before its frozen
Actually no. Its protruding. That would not fit the mold. I think thats been pressed in from the other side. Also ices are made in a big rotary drum with the sticks pointing upwards. A heavy nut would have fallen to the tip of the ice before the liquid is frozen and not be in the middle. This seems sucky to me. https://sc01.alicdn.com/kf/HTB1hAa0JVXXXXaiXVXXq6xXFXXX2.jpg_350x350.jpg
The mummy is a good coaster. But imhotep tells you to surrender or die at the beginning and sends you on your way without waiting for your answer :)
Incel reply you mean
Seeking out and exposing racism is one thing, jumping to conclusions over a door pull is another thing
Disney used these in some of their parking lots
Not a segway
Well, i guess thats quicker than the concrete boots method
How about playing Rick Astley
Cmon. You never seen one let alone a pair
Thats nuts.
12v isnt going to shock
Jolene would never allow it
Take in the wider message of my post rather than being pedantic
Loop. Not a sliding noose. A loop.
Now everyone on reddit will hate you. If not now in 35 years when you are the property owning boomer.
Thats more streamline or something than deco. I dont see the curves and straight line contrasts that deco has.
You are making a lot of assumptions there. Have you seen a picture of it? Its clearly a hand sized loop in exactly the place where a door pull would be. It was not a sliding noose. It was a total cludgefuck of people jumping on a bandwagon rather than engaging brain. Which is right up reddits street.
Exactly. But you are missing the point that you are going against the circlejerk and the guy you are replying to us just on a karma bandwagon as he knows Redditors are suckers for this shit
Just because you are holding flowers does not stop you from being in the wrong
Anyone would think this is the first time EVER it gets dark at 10pm. Happens every damn year....
Getout for the lawyers.
Like a Catherine wheel firework
There is more than one of these cars
Car steering. It allows an offset between the steering wheel column and the steering rack so it doesnt get rammed in your chest in a head on
https://www.shell.co.uk/sustainability/decommissioning/brent-field-decommissioning.html
Heavy braking causes the flashers to go off on some card during the braking. Airbag activity also sets them off
Also : You need a much smaller bit on the iron to solder on a high density board And In 40+ years in the industry never seen anyone wear protective goggles for soldering
And the fact that if you trip you tumble all the way to the bottom, likely dead with every limb broken. Edit its happened dickhead downvoter. Also when i was there 25 years ago there armed police.
Yeah no one notices the shit quality unless thats “funny”
Actually harmless
Glass in a jail? What could go wrong?
Because to kids anyone over 21 is old
You may as well support Barnet in this scenario. Barnet will win their league before arsenal win the prem on this basis
Not even your president respects the opinions of the fbi.....,, /s
It irrelevant. The family still needs to give permission. It just cuts out having to carry a donor card.
What about the 40+ years of taxes boomers paid to fund the retirement healthcare?
I was from kettering until 3 years ago
Not if we rejoined. We would be forced to take the euro. Nonone on the uk remainer or leaver ever wanted the euro. This would be a deal breaker in itself.
We didnt. Remainers really fought to stay. But hey democracy fucks over the losing 48.2%
Its a fake story.
Shh. Let the kiddies gloat over this fake bullshit
Have to get rid of the kitchen. No slaving over a hot stove.
But eating shit is fine
American english. Which can have massively different meanings. Example : fancy a fag? American- i am a guy who likes guys English - would you like a cigarette?
Not in the UK. Its 24hrs coronavirus. But still there are assholes
Am European. It totally is
Its my name
Goodies' fan Alex Mitchell 1975 laughter death 'solved' http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-18542377
Bullshit
Every time i have had bullshit negative feedback i have contacted ebay and its been removed if you can show good history and you dealt with the buyer fairlty
Hares?
1889 ya doofus
And this was the first broadcast system https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/405-line_television_system
Firsts are not always the first to ACTUALLY BE USED COMMERCIALLY https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/405-line_television_system
Invention doesnt mean it was used successfully in resl life. Bairds wasn’t and neither was Farnsworths. This was the first commercial ststem https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/405-line_television_system
Ironic how pissed Jackson’s kids got when he was played by a white guy in a movie (when jackson looked whiter than half his lifetime ). But ok for jesus to be portrayed by a lesbian ?
And i woke up and she was on my dick without permission!!!!!! And then they really actually woke up from the fantasy
Germany is not unique to provide those thing in Europe. Its just that Americans dont realise how crappy a lot of their society is
They have had a retract on impact mechanism since the 80s at least
Its a 93 rover 216 which would not be a honda engine but a rover K series https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rover_200_/_25
What? Thats a rover 216 93 year
At least he got the chance
The fuck are you on about you moron ?
Is it only America that mounts its switches upside down?
Every drink must taste like snot to an elephant
Its a PC BIOS. Been like this for 20 years....
Last guy to post this didnt know the answer either
And then they claim back on paypal....
Well OP, nothing to fap to here.....
To me, not deco
Erm, get some help?
Current twat?
Why?
Thank fuck for thus tip. It happens to me all the time /s
It was all over in 1945, 65 years before you were born. Get over it.
Seriously? Its clothing or shoes and you would know at a personal level you have to make sure things especially shoes fit. Dont be an ass, accept the return. The ebay no returns feature means nothing in reality. Most of the answers on this thread are shitty sellers and are a great measure to never buy anything from anywhere that doesn’t accept returns as = shysters
Back to being keyboard warriors on reddit now....
Try pulling that one over,,,oh forgot thats so last week
What a whole lot of baseless assumptions. Forbid any personal responsibility....
So 49.9% and a gun is fine? Fucked!
