Wat?! LOL!
You're too happy.
They fucking lowered it. Source: I'm a driver.
Working at a gentleman ‘s club doesn’t make you a stripper. So, basically, you got a $10 tip? We’re very proud of you.
Someone is using your number on an Uber account.
You Uber poorly.
You both get the bonus.
An entire medium tomato has 4.8 carbs, 1.5 being fiber. A few slices like you describe is more than doable.
...is delicious!
I like Poo-tang. I don't think it's that bad.
So, homeless people's lives?
Mind you're own gahdamn business.
I sat on a copier, hairy ass cheeks spread, took that and added "YOU PARK LIKE AN ASSHOLE". Then I had it printed on super adhesive stickers. Like a, "this car has been impounded", type of adhesive sticker. It just falls apart and resists as you pull at it. It's a miracle of science. Taking up spots you aren't entitled to? Have an hour of scrapping my ass sticker off your windshield if you happen to have a razor-blade. It's one of those undefinable, yet wonderful, parts of a day. Don't key cars. It's overkill. Just waste their time and send a message with no permanent damage.
Seriously, I could agree with it if there was a bounty.
No, he would be destined to be a traffic cop, if he could pass the physical exam.
Are you confident? Are you now? Based on what part of human history where people were encouraged to turn in their neighbor? This ISN'T about a rule or transgressors.
Not the stupidest article I've ever read... ...but it tried.
Lose her. I'm not kidding.
Pretty sure she meant "picks up *his* (not hits) son and just walks out."
You expect a hotel to have a plan for a nuclear war?
Let me explain. What he's saying is people who were bullied in school probably ended up voting for Bernie for the same reasons they were bullied.
Funny, but *pull out of a garage* has better visuals.
Speed walking in yoga pants while wearing a visor or scrunchy.
...said no ketoer ever. Just so stupid and misinformed. Please explain to us idiots how ketosis is dangerous. Really, we know nothing on this subject. We'd love for you to set us straight. Is it how it ends type 2 diabetes symptoms? PCOS? Ends or reduces seizures? Improves or eliminates depression in most people? Slows or stops tumor growth? Has helped millions of obese people return to normal weight? The energy gains? What exactly is the dangerous part again?
To let you know when your clothes are done?
False.
So the author wants us to become taxis because taxis did such a good job? When will people learn the government almost always makes situations worse?
So stupid So funny
So, you present an overblown commentary and offer no help at all? Thanks for playing
Fucking stupid. Fully driverless cars have been in service since May of 2016. What the fuck is wrong with these authors? Hey, let me write a story in 2018 about how BitCoin will never take off!
The engineers in that platform made a mistake.
Self driving is not level 5. The business the major corporations want is ubran SD TNC, which only requires level 4, which has already been achieved by Waymo.
No, the other driver’s insurance would pay. If James River has to get involved, you would pay $1,000 deductible which they would then try to recover for you.
You wouldn't pay $1,000. You would pay $300. Then JR would go after the other insurance company for the $300 and give it to you.
The deductible applies whether you're at fault or not.
No you can't.
If you go to James River, as the OP stated, they will charge you the $1,000 deductible, only IF you have collision on your personal insurance, and then they will fix your car. They have a good reputation of getting that $1,000 back for you later, but you will pay it, if you deal with them and not the guilty party's insurance.
IF you're involving James River, you will pay up to the point of the deductible maximum, assuming you have collision insurance on your private policy. Then you will rely on them to recover it. They may or may not. I don't know of any numbers on this. If you work with the other driver's insurance and you are satisfied with what they do, property damage, injury, and lost income, then there is no deductible.
Welcome to the middle east. Did you really believe it wasn't like this?
Which is why we lead the world... in everything.
It's still trashy.
Just pure stupid
Retarded and false.
*offered
Corn is death. This is great.
Goodwill while in the tween sizes for the win. Congrats sir!
Wow, very nice! I bet you feel great!
At 60, you probably won't stay in ketosis, YMMV. I'm just pointing that out because there are so many other health benefits.
What I love about keto is watching beautiful people emerge from their cocoon. Go be the butterfly you were meant to be!
Good for you mom for both being concerned and seeking out *informed* guidance! It's perfectly healthy and sustainable. Fats are good for you. The body loves fats, the brain even more. The opposite is true for simple carbs and sugars. Everyone would benefit from this diet, weight loss or not. Doctors are a mixed bunch. Some focus on prescriptions and some know how valuable nutrition is. Keto is making a huge splash in the medical world. My last two doctors, both very well versed in nutritional science, are 100% pro keto. I didn't hand select them for it, they just were, and congratulated me for finding it. If you have any specific concerns or questions, feel free to ask or PM me. The science of keto is as well supported, or better supported, than any crazy CICO or low fat diet. By the way, we have /r/ketoscience as a great resource for inquiring minds. One caveat to your post: It's not easy. It's not. It's a major lifestyle change that is still widely considered against the grain. Carbs and sugars are everywhere and enticing. She needs your support.
Keto ended my lifelong depression. Ended it. Severe depression. I've never in my life experienced this energy and drive, and I'm 53. This doesn't happen for everyone, depression is complicated, but it's a great first step, even if it isn't the total solution.
We will do this together. We must help others who suffer. Is it not keto that gives us the clarity and energy to do more than just help ourselves? I was at a point that I was a person so drunk and depressed I couldn't take my girls to school. Now I invest in properties and teach them all that I learned along the way. Fistbump!
Convinced my hefty wife to do keto by my example. Results rule for her, period. Acknowledgment of your contribution may vary. I'm happier. I'm now divorcing a skinny wife who I taught how to be healthy, who has a huge income. Like... huge. You can have her. Please. Please. I will give you her number and you will hate me forever. I can take your hate. She's skinny (now), will swallow (for now), and makes a ton of money (for now). Hit me up.
Yes. I'll never come on here and say no one needs meds or that they don't work. I'm not a doctor. But I will agree with you and others that I didn't need them either and they didn't help me. Keto did. Thank god.
I have never seen a study other than historical data. I've mostly seen what everyday people report here. Cleaner teeth is a common outcome. It was also my outcome. I don't wake up with grungy feeling teeth anymore and my dental visits are much improved. I meant *look it up* as in look here. Nutritional science is very difficult and most studies, self reporting or observational, are not worth much. There may be something on /r/ketoscience or they may have a resource.
I hope you enjoyed your short visit here. Buh bye.
Well done young lady, well done.
You should PM me your moms number so I can lecture her! Really, every time she spouts off, send her one of these threads. You have an endless supply.
I was homeless at 16 but I owned a car. It was broken down. I lived in it. Once a sailor I knew found me with a REALY bad fever and went and got me medicine, food, and water. Dave, you rock dude. A few days later a passing mechanic who lived in the neighborhood and recognized I was homeless, fixed my car. I was so bad off, lower than low, and these men turned it around for me.
I bet our entire retirement fund on Citibank after the crash. Too big to fail. It was a no-brainier.
The Russians had a space shuttle.
Keto too. Fat is very healthy and greatly reduces hunger leading to very natural IF. Vegan is not cheaper.
You want punch and cookies over fair pay?
He’s back!
Can’t unsee
In fairness, I have nasal congestion right now at 3 am and it sucks.
I was telling my boss to take what was a very fair offer, well over what he paid for his house and he wouldn’t. That was 2007 also. Bosses be stupid.
We need major battery breakthroughs that, despite the decades of headlines, just aren’t happening.
Not everyone is going to have results doing it the way OP describes. I would suggest you do it by the book for a few months, at least until it becomes second nature. If you’re not losing over a period of time like that, you’re simply doing it wrong. In my opinion, lazy keto as OP is suggesting, is for the experienced, not the new ketoer. There is a science and learning curve behind this diet.
While I see both of your points of view, especially since you made such wonderful intellectual presentations, but if what he says is true, I'm not showing as THEIR volunteer. I would volunteer, but not so they could list the ride as their accomplishment. It's like when you go through a drive-thru and they beg a dollar off you and then the company millionaire executives go to the big $5,000 a plate award ceremony and hand the charity a check and suck up all the credit. It's a sickness of the rich. If it's a charity, why are people directly or indirectly getting richer using us as their mules? The driver should be paid. Uber, the big oppressive corporations pretending they are making the donation, and the charity should chip in. This isn't about not being charitable, I'm very charitable, it's about not being used by scum for their own glorification. WE DRIVERS should organize a service where we do a ride or two each a month for free because we have good hearts and cut out the scum.
Beat me to it.
Did you math your answer? You broke his budget.
Lol
Some stores only have a few, others have a lot of variety.
He slid it horizontally. It was nothing. You should see what packages go through before that point. They are *packaged* to be roughly handled, princess. This isn’t trashy.
People just don’t know their tools. I’d have that table dusted in 23.7 seconds.
Open the door?!
Repost. Why not scroll down a post or two first?
Come on, that’s the funniest part.
Why would he roofie himself?
Good point.
Thank you for providing a perfect example of my point. Your comment might be false but I can’t tell because it’s illiterate. I’m going to assume it is and that it’s historically uneducated and media driven. What else could I assume?
I didn’t. I accept his opinion. Just not his implication of other opinions being uninformed. My opinion, which is opposed to his, has decades of research and contemplation behind it. I remember the dozens of times Palestinians (there’s no actual thing as a Palestinian) were offered almost all they asked and they rejected it and killed civilians in bombings and attacks. Do you? Do you know how many times they were offered peace and rejected it just to go back to killing people? If Israel were to empty “Palestine” (not an actual culture) and send them home to their mother nations and recover their historical lands as their own, no one would fault them. It was theirs, they have full rights to it after the war, and they have tolerated far more than anyone should or would.
Palestine was named as an area by the Romans who noted it was inhabited by Jews. There is no Palestine people, language, or culture. It’s not a natural homeland in any way other than for possibly Jews. Israel was attacked by many nations bent on their destruction. This land, that they won in war, is theirs. Any allowance for the people there to remain is at Israel’s grace. The people there were ALL citizens of other nations who attacked Israel. Israel has offered peace over and over. The people there, who pretty much rely on Israel for their income and livelihood, have rejected every offer of peace. When given UN controlled democratic elections, they chose Hamas, a terrorist organization bent on the destruction of Israel. They make their bed over and over. Pitying them is like pitying germans who elected Hitler. If I were Israel, I would clear them out and deport them to the nations that abandoned them and close my borders. Palestine is made up by the media. It is not a nation and wholly undeserving of any recognition on the world stage. It’s not that I don’t empathize with the good people there, but no civilized nation is required to sacrifice their lives for a “nation” on its boarder that refuses to become civil. They are terrorists. They elected terrorists. It is what it is.
/S You dropped that.
Your threshold should be 4,7 and higher for all riders and no Pool.
Not WTF. This is normal.
It depends on how the ladder is tied off and how the harness is tied off. It looks to me that his ladder is tied off with rope and the shock line is tied off to the ladder instead of the structure. Also, that appears to be a waist harness which is not acceptable. He needs a full body harness
Tell him to do it part time and see how he does. Do THE REAL math that includes lost equity int the car and ALL costs. There are some tax benefits for many drivers.
It's horrible, you just haven't experienced better.
If you only knew.
...will never be thought of again.
Harry's.
All carbs I bet.
People don't get this. Pay nothing if at all possible. Yes, it's possible. I've made stores pay me!
Thank you for setting your sights so low.
Ramen is squirted from the a-hole of life. That's like saying worn out shoes or a ripped and stained shirt.
You mean you can't live with it.
Ugh. At least pick a food.
1. That's not food.
As long as it's once a year, you're good.
Yep, they are getting it done. Not done that we should be promoting, but badass done. I bet he is happy about his $12 american an hour!
A false emotion based upon a false premise. Don't consume the propaganda.
Many of them abandon children when they come here. Zero outrage or concern from the left.
Shhhhh, you're being downvoted for telling the truth. Leftists hate truth.
Wow the left is so misinformed. No, LeBandaRoja, Trump did not start the separation of children from their criminal parents, it happened throughout Obama's administration. In fact, almost all criminals in America are separated from their children while they are processed. This is fake news.
Off subject but I don't believe diabetes has anything to do with exercise. Association is not causation. Fat people don't exercise because they're fat and get diabetes because of what they are eating, simple carbs and sugar. That's not causation.
&gt;people lived for 1000's of years without cars. Yes, we did. We rode horses, mules, donkeys, camels, and in wagons pulled by animals and humans. Then came the car and all the rest are all but gone as transportation. You're drinking the kool aid. A) There will be no energy crisis. By the time we deplete fossil fuels, or more likely well before, we will have renewable energy sources. It's not a matter of if, we could already do it, it's a matter of economic pressure. When we reach the tipping point where fossil fuels are more expensive or renewable energy has become cheap enough, we'll just switch. B) Sorry, it's 115 heat index here today and will be above 90 all summer. I'm not riding a bike anywhere. I'm also not riding on iced and snow covered streets much of the winter. Bikes are great. Commuting on them is great. We're not going to do it.
Lidar costs have plummeted with demand and are projected to be sub-$200 within the next year or two. Infrastructure is prohibitively expensive.
Waymo isn't using safety drivers in many of its cars already. And yes, they can already drive themselves.
&gt; Long story short I was HIGH AS FUCK and ordered a milkshake from Denny’s late at night...
&gt; I have more questions than answers lol. FIFY
Yeah, this one time I picked up a trucker at a truck stop and took him for a 45-minute ride. All he wanted to talk about was trucking and since I don't want to be a trucker or talk about trucking, I just politely conversed with him and then 1 starred him. That's how adults handle these things. Back-stabbing.
Once I picked up a clown and he kept talking about juggling. Fuck that clown for talking about his interests. 1 star
Report for what, assclown? "Uh, they done talk to me 'bout Jesus and it hurt my wittle feewings." If we wanted a fucking HR dictating speech to us like a child, we would get jobs and not be INDEPENDENT, lawnboy.
After I schooled him on his lies, he posted in r/stolenvalor that I was lying about my service in the USMC. Dude's pure evil with a child's brain.
How did you confuse soldier and Marine? You think the USMC has soldiers? I thought you claimed to have served in the military, lawnboy?
Spoken like a non-believer. Oh, wait, isn't that kind of obvious that she may see it differently than you? Adults don't harm others over disagreeing viewpoints. They suck it up, change the subject, or ignore the person and move on.
&gt; They were also important in creating 40 hour work weeks Henry Ford initiated the first major 40 hour work week with 5 days a week. Unions repeat so many myths. "So, employees worked around 10-16 hours a day. On September 25, 1926, Ford Motor Company founder Henry Ford made a groundbreaking change by being one of the first significant companies to change his work policy to 40-hour weeks with five working days" Do you also claim unions are forced to represent non-union employees? Do you repeat that nonsense the unions claimed? &gt; I suspect this will keep getting introduced by large businesses because they do not want unions to work for them and would rather fire/hire/underpay at their leisure. Why do you think that? Nothing about this bill keeps unions from representing union workers in any way. Not only are you talking about not wanting the companies to have free will but you want to take it away from the workers too. You guys gloss over the "forced to pay dues to an organization they don't support" part. &gt; Right to work sounds nice on paper to allow more people to have the choice on whether to join a union or not but reading between the lines shows that this bill is used to further weaken unions in Missouri. Right to work sounds REALLY nice on paper. Have you even looked? TWICE the job growth rate as forced unionization states. Let's math this up: 92% of the public sector workers in MO are not union and you want them to cut their job growth in half to support the 8% that aren't even affected by RTW? Something is adding up here. What's in this for the 92% that don't want to be in your union? RTW doesn't ban unions. Go have all the unions the people will support. If they won't support unions, maybe it's the unions that need to look at themselves. Freedom of association is an actual right. Let's not trample on worker's rights for the enrichment of union bosses. &gt; Unions were instrumental in changing labor laws in the US during the gilded age when children regularly worked 16 hour days and were injured/killed almost daily. Why are unions always reading us their early 1900's resumes? Have they nothing to say they achieved for the worker since then? &gt; Right to work is a scam. Right to work should be a civil right. No worker should be forced to pay unions they don't support. If the unions are what they say they are, they should have no problem getting members. This law will do nothing to stop them. Many RTW states have had their Union jobs go up significantly after RTW passed. What Unions DON'T want to do, is have to actually be so worthy, workers flock to them like they used to. They are scared of having to sell their service on its merits.
Lol, you go SJW. Make sure the people hate your childish disruptions more. Tell me, why do you think RTW is bad for Missouri workers and unions? Help me out here.
Well, first of all, I'm pro-union, so understand where I'm coming from and if they produce a better workforce, god bless them. None of that changes. Have all the unions you can get the people to support. Shouldn't the better work product and benefits just overwhelm the unions with good workers? I mean, if they weren't constantly going to bat for the bad workers, that would look pretty attractive to me as a good worker knowing my effort made me important to the union and company. That's just a union propaganda piece. Why would I trust a source that tells so many lies? That they're forced to represent non-union workers? That Unions create jobs when they actually kill them? This is why I said " reputable sources ." But hey, if BuBu also said so when you were an intern, it must be so. Did BuBu happen to have a union background I wonder?
That wasn't campaign reform. That measure had one purpose, consolidating redistricting powers away from a bi-partisan panel that needed a 70% approval into essentially the hands of one person. Now they need 70% to overturn this person in power which they will never get because of the new partisanship introduced. Just what we needed more of. Getting screwed over because of partisanship above cooperation. They sprinkled in some minor reforms to dupe you. I mean, "Clean Missouri?" Comeonman.
This is the perfect example of a false premise being pushed by the union crowd. If they're so great, why the need for force? Why aren't workers flocking to these fine and fair institutions? For those who keep reading this oft-repeated propaganda, RTW does NOTHING to prevent or reduce unionization. Trust your co-workers all you want! I agree with you! Workers need to protect themselves from greed and unfair practices! I'm all for it and RTW has nothing to do with that. If it limited the rights of unions or union workers in any way, I'd vote against it. It's too bad unions don't stand up for non-union workers' rights in the same way.
No, you don't. You can blindly go vote against workers and jobs and never address the truth, much less read about it, along with the rest of the sheep. RTW Baaaaaaaaaaad, said the sheep. Don't like the message? What's your message? Tell me the facts of your case. (hint: he won't)
Correct. You use worksheet V to complete schedule A which is transferred to form G.
A lot of people like who?
There is no slander a leftist won’t repeat.
More fake accusations? Is this your life? Making ignorant statements on the internet and then lying about anyone who points out your ignorance? That’s sad dude.
I feel bad for you being so despised on here. How can we help?
All sides of the moon receive light at different points in its orbit. There is no “dark side”.
No, a falling object may be perceived as being in zero Gs, just as we perceive astronauts on ISIS as being in zero Gs, but none of them actually are. They are in 80% gravity on ISIS. You don’t seem to have a grasp on what the term zero Gs means. You are not in zero Gs when falling. How would you even fall if there was no gravity? You’re the densest person I’ve ever come across.
Bullshit she was attempting to exit properly and he was preventing her
You have no idea what you're talking about. Racists don't live in buildings with very high black populations. He was FORCING his way in as she was exiting and she attempted to stop him. It is a reasonable assumption that if he was a resident he would have access and understand the rules. He was breaking the rules and got called out. He refused to enter properly and he refused to demonstrate he was a resident in a high crime area.
She opened the door and he stepped into the doorway. She stood there to do just as you suggested.
I'll drink to that.
He/she's true to the cause.
1700% increase isn't exploding?
So he has kids you don't know because of your negativity towards his choices? That's gonna work out big on your deathbed.
Yeah, you lost the argument at the trolly problem. It’s not required or even relevant.
Nope. You’re defaulting to fatalities to exaggerate your point. We survive accidents because of safety improvements, not because we’re better drivers. This is about all accidents and also injuries. Come back with those numbers and see for yourself. You’re also ignoring simulator miles which are the same as live miles to the car and based on live miles.
I missed it by a day. They just announced their launch Jan 1st, 2019. I profusely apologize. I'm humbled by my mistake and for presenting the known facts.
&gt; In our master bedroom we have a wall that’s approx 8’ long. Since we moved in a year ago the it has creaked. It’s right next to where I get in and out of bed and it’s driving me insane. As I step on it I can hear the creaking in the wall. Stop stepping on the wall. 8-) Use a stud-finder that detects wires and pipes. If it's not copper pipes, you might need one that looks through the walls or just go to the basement and ensure none are passing through the baseplate where you intend to drill. There should be no pipes or wires attached to the baseplate. It sounds to me like it may be the sub-floor which can be corrected in the basement or your contractor is correct and it should be fixed upstairs. Not really enough info to know. Maybe a video of your issue?
Martha Stewart has let herself go since prison.
Why do people have to pretend they aren’t ending a life?
Every. Single. Time. Socialism, by its very nature, requires force.
&gt;It isn’t fun and you aren’t going to like it, but eating fewer calories than your body burns is the &gt; &gt;only way to lose weight. &amp;#x200B; I've already pointed out that we excrete unburned calories so your statement can't be true. And no, CICO isn't fun which is why most people fail, try again, fail again, and continue the cycle. The type of calories we consume and burn make a lot of difference in success ratios. &amp;#x200B;
You can't find anything that would support your view. Non-fibrous carbs are sugar. Sugar is terrible for you. Beans and rice will never be the foundation for a healthy meal. You might as well eat sugar.
They give up because it's a ridiculously difficult way to lose weight and keep it off. There are far more successful ways that don't include constant hunger and low energy. The actual problem is that people don't understand grains are for birds and we didn't evolve to be simple carb and sugar eaters (same thing). Once you learn that, you'll know the key to easy weight control and high energy. So, yes, you could blame them for avoiding suffering. Of course, avoiding suffering is a large part of our nature.
Help me Little_Yin_Yang! I need $20 right now!
...and blow yourself, but both require technique and practice.
So I should not wear my glow-in-the-dark ski mask?
...also, don’t try to juggle. It won’t end well.
...and you can, in fact, drink your own urine.
...and jump the seats as you count, don’t take the isle.
I always look suspicious people in the eye and speak to them like I’m considering them. Puts them off every time.
Unless they are on fire.
All of them?
Black bears with cubs are even worse. Polar bears, you’re fucked.
If you want to quote untracked statistics, I could make up a few of my own for you.
No, but it’s saved my night a few times.
Let’s examine cities with strick gun laws then. First up: Chicago Go
You believing undocumented statistics pushed on you to fulfill an agenda puts you at your own peril. Chicago. Go.
" [Zach Bitter](https://zachbitter.com/), an ultra-marathoner and holder of the 100-mile American record and 12-hour world record, said “fat is always the primary macronutrient in my diet. It can reach as high as 70 percent when I am recovering from a big race or workout.” "
Put her dildo in the freezer.
Because communists have murdered hundreds of millions of people in the name of communisim?
I believe what was being pointed out is it’s disappearing, not growing, because of capitalism, which is true. In the coming decades, the poor of the world will live like the middles class do now, because of capitalism.
That's a panty-dropper right there.
A pickle.
It was full of repeat posts pretty much.
I really don't have that time, but I do know how ctrl F works. You should try it so you don't waste everyone's time.
Stop what? It's perfectly legal and fine to take pictures in public. Those fuckers videoed him getting beat for fuck's sake!
Obama had over $2,000,000 in illegal campaign contributions. He was fined. They finally had to threaten people with jail before they paid the money back and paid the fines.
It's not a felony, dumbass.
I think you meant zero evidence. There has been zero evidence of collusion. This has been stated many times.
&gt;while also completely undermining democracy by colluding with the Russians in election fraud Please show me this evidence none of us have seen! You must really be deep on the inside to know this!
It was this morning. Might have legs again tomorrow. I thought mine sold for a profit early and then realized later it was only a partial sale and I was up $145 more!
You wrote a wall of text that had nothing to do with evidence of collusion. It’s not a hard question. It was stated as fact that there was collusion. Where is the evidence? The only collusion with a paid foreign national for (mis)information derived from Russian sources we know of for a fact, is Hillary and the DNC paying Steel. I’m not eliminating any possibility. I’m also not throwing around unfounded statements as fact.
So now the TDS crowd is claiming the wall is a Russian scheme? That hilarious!! I voted for Trump for three important reasons: 1) Hillary is a crook 2) the economy 3) pure entertainment So far, I’m 100% satisfied.
I have no idea what this disorder is called but it’s a thing and it’s a very serious thing.
You’ve missed the entire point. Congrats
Actually, she died.
What if that was an effeminate Mexican raised in the Midwest, you racist!
Just tell them you're discussing something with the smartest person you know.
Um, you can pay more and get wider seats and more legroom now.
1. Reorganize the current massive debt into a manageable plan. 2. SLASH spending, especially public union worker spending going forward. 3. Lower income and corporate taxes to lure people and corporations into the state. 4. Lower all other taxes. 5. Enjoy your booming economy.
Unions ARTIFICIALLY increase the standard of living and wages, until they collapse the company and even entire industries. The unions and union workers walk away with fat accounts and retirement funds and we, the consumer, pay the artificial prices, until we don't because the jobs are gone. We are still paying off the unfunded retirement accounts for former auto workers with every car we buy at artificially inflated prices.
That’s just silly and completely false. We can talk about Liberal states and their crime and debt all day long. Just looked it up. Individual income in Kansas is 25th, so right in the middle but with one of the lowest costs of living in the nation, and state debt is 17th lowest. What are you complaining about again?
I quoted the stats.
So, you’re scarier moment was seeing a deer?
I disagree. They are viable today, it just wouldn’t be price competitive.
In Russia, you take tires with you so no theft of car.
/s You do know he was a drunk, yes?
A million or two.
No source that we have trade imbalances with China and Mexico? I didn’t know I would have to start by spoon-feeding you universally known truths. I assumed you, at the very least, knew the most basic of information: https://www.thebalance.com/trade-deficit-by-county-3306264 https://www.census.gov/foreign-trade/balance/c5700.html https://www.census.gov/foreign-trade/balance/c2010.html I’ll wait for you to admit there are trade imbalances If you need help with the big words, let me know. .
The downvotes tell the story of this subreddit, that it is dominated by city-dwelling leftists, and are not a reflection of the actual opinions of Missourians. I realize the left likes to dismiss the half of Missouri women who don’t agree with unfettered abortion-on-demand, but their voices will be heard in the coming elections, yet again. Count on it.
She’s upset about her healthcare prices and that she didn’t get to keep her plan or doctor.
You see them attack that skydiver? Hilarious
They will absolutely choke a dog out.
Sure it is, you just have to do it in a timely manner.
You can also easily make those whisps. It’s much cheaper.
Wait, so tracking miles by hand and the entering them into a spread sheet isn’t overkill but having an app do the same thing with no work is? That’s just silly.
Turbo tax does not need starting and ending odometer readings. It only needs total miles driven and total for work. You’re doing it the hard way.
You can’t deduct repairs if you take the standard mileage deduction.
Level of detail like swipe right for work and left for personal mileage? Yeah that’s way harder than remembering to track your mileage by hand and doing all the math at the end.
What was it?
He’s not the one for you.
Don’t be an idiot. Talk to her.
I don’t think you have any idea what it would take to record and store every aspect of every device owner’s life. It’s not possible.
It’s not possible considering real world factors such as storage capabilities and the cost of those capabilities coupled with the vast amount of data recording everything every person within audio distance of a device generates. Not possible they can do it now, if you’d rather I further define it.
They only compete in right-to-work states.
All workers suffer when Union greed runs jobs out of the country and even entire industries. Unions are self-serving, they don’t serve the worker. Artificial wages and benefits that keep corporations from competing are not beneficial to workers.
This isn’t true in the slightest. Most leftist urban centers are war-zones. Chicago counts their deaths on a weekend in the dozens quite often. That’s not counting all of their other violent crimes. I wouldn’t live anywhere near most leftist urban areas. They’re weak on crime and tough on self-defense.
I don’t visit nations (or states, for that matter) that will milk me with taxes. No thanks.
You lost the debate at “Alex Jones”
Hair sniffer doesn’t have a chance. He has a long history of failure, especially on the international stage.
I installed low voltage technologies. My skill set, programming automation systems, networking, etc, demanded $80 an hour. The union couldn’t even do what I did at that time and they would have categorized me as a low voltage technician.
I second this. And they have a beach. It is probably closed because of flooding though.
I was referring to the beach.
You agreed unless you opted out like all smart drivers.
Yes, police? A man just flirted with me and asked me out. Can you please arrest him?
In what way did Hawley pitch discrimination, segregation, or genocide. By the way, the Nazi’s were socialists.
And hippies.
I don’t think you’ve been to the Midwest.
Why would you assume I wouldn’t? The Republicans are as bad as the Democrats in some places. But for the real shithole places, you look to the left. Not every leftist place is a shithole, but almost every shithole is a leftist place.
The Nazi’s were socialists.
So is “I did not have sex with that woman” and “if you want to keep your insurance plan, you can keep your insurance plan.”
You seem to have no idea how many times experts have been dead wrong through history. Deference to authority isn’t a reason to believe anything.
Yes, our social structure is one of civility and personal responsibility. Leftists do not foster these traits.
Low carb diets like keto appear to have a consistent positive impact.
Korean War, asshat.
Your argument is a non-starter. Almost no one is anti-immigration. Everyone should be anti-illegal immigration.
Yeah, if he’s not using portion control, he’s not going to lose weight. That salad though, with healthier greens than iceberg, is a fantastic salad for weight loss.
I’m, of course, talking about children with gender dysphoria and not all children.
There are plenty of sugar free sodas. Of course, water is healthier, but sugar free sodas don’t make you fat. Burgers, without the buns, are perfectly healthy for you. People have lost hundreds of pounds and regained their health in many ways eating fast food. You just have to be discerning about what fast food you eat. You have a nutritional understanding of a 5 year old. Congrats!
Jesus, what don’t you get? It’s a self-feeding system. Give the people government cheese and they’ll vote you in. Most blacks are traditional conservatives but vote Democrat, ever wonder why? Cities became leftists because the leftists gained control and gave away the freebies. We are ultimately self-serving when we no longer have the cultural barriers.
No, not the mayo! Let me explain: Don’t eat the bun, it’s bad for you. Yes, if you’re eating sugar condiments, those are bad for you too. It tastes exactly the same and is very healthy for you. It’s still a burger, just without the processed crap.
God you’re obtuse. http://www.sexologytoday.org/2016/01/do-trans-kids-stay-trans-when-they-grow_99.html Took me 30 seconds.
It is doing great. I agree with all of your points otherwise, but those don’t negate that the economy is doing great. The talking point that this is a continuation of Obama’s policies is laughable. He spent $10T in debt to oversee the worst recession recovery in US history. Anyone can buy piss-poor performance with $10T. I’ve lived through three recessions and three tax cuts that effectively ended those recessions. Every time it worked. Every time the left told us it wouldn’t work and, after it did, told us it wasn’t the tax cuts that did it. I find it odd that the claims of the left never produce these results and people continue to believe them. Socially, I’m mostly in agreement with them. Economically, they’re disingenuous morons. Now that we have recovered, we need to raise the minimum wage, substantially. We also need to do all of the things in healthcare the left promised but didn’t deliver. The Democrats are absolutely hosing the American people for political purposes and they need to be taken to task or thrown out.
Did you just pull this out of thin air or have you been spreading this myth for awhile?
Do drivers still make up myths?
Uh, this is IL we’re talking about. There is zero percent chance IL passes this without taking a huge piece of the pie.
It is delayed, that is easy to demonstrate. You can see it in your own icon as you drive. Fake has not once been demonstrated or admitted. It’s your claim, we welcome you to prove it,
You can’t waive away someone else’s negligence. If the store is aware the food is likely spoiled, they can’t sell or give it away without being liable no matter what is signed.
You keep deviating from my point and setting up straw man arguments. I’ve never said Uber cares about me. No, we don’t get paid different amounts. That’s another myth pulled from thin air. Don’t tell me you’re also now an expert on their algorithm? You’re just a wealth of information!
My capital city? Jefferson City? Evading the question still, coward?
I never said placement was 100% accurate, why would I have? It’s always need delayed and every driver knows it. Please show us your evidence of fake cars. We’re waiting.
I could see how it would in the mind of someone who knows nothing of the subject. Still hiding?
Your first statement is not at all true. Roe vs Wade determined states could, in fact, regulate all abortions to some extent and even make them illegal after viability with exceptions. It did make early abortions legal nationwide. “State regulation protective of fetal life after viability thus has both logical and biological justifications. If the State is interested in protecting fetal life after viability, it may go so far as to proscribe abortion during that period, except when it is necessary to preserve the life or health of the mother.” An interesting twist is that “Roe” eventually regretted this decision from her case and worked to overturn it.
Would you say these “licenses or whatever” we’re illegal, improper, or unusual? Or are we just bashing Trump with no idea what we’re talking about?
Oh, CA for sure. It’s like going to the zoo or watching a train wreck. Way more entertaining.
So the leftists are being pressured by corporations like Amazon to finally pay fair wages? How about that. What an embarrassment.
I hold a position and am looking forward to a good year with it.
You live in California. Don’t expect common sense.
Nope. Defense of yourself or others is not assault. Well, maybe in CA, but I mean in sensible places.
Trump isn’t trying to get a deal in our favor. He’s trying to get an equal deal and respect for our legal ownership rights.
It’s not a fucking financial gift. It’s HER FUCKING PROPERTY. Question: Did Obama give up his worldwide book rights when he became president?
It helps a lot to point out the hypocrisy of the left. I provide clarity. The left has been ranting about the minimum wage for half a century and its own lauded institutions were fucking over their workers with dirt pay?! Typical hypocrisy.
The DA often does have discretion but can’t do shit if it’s explicitly legal, as it is in these circumstances in most of the nation.
In what way, specifically, is applying for personal property protects against property theft, illegal, improper, or unusual. Use your words and not your emotions.
Lol, please. No, it won’t come to the floor or pass or be signed because it’s nothing but Democrats doing nothing for their pay but posing for political purposes. The irony is Trump is one of our most peaceful modern presidents. Bring in the clowns, the show must go on.
That’s what I expected.
OGEN and ONTX are both down from dilution but both have heavily anticipated results due Q1 2020. Tomorrow is bottom feeding time.
We’re number 1! We’re number 1! Remember, vote Democrat for the 2,465,873 time because, this time, they know what to do!
Great idea but deducting points because lid is not a “devo hat” type measuring cup.
Everything you just said is ridiculously false.
Correct, that’s the problem here.
Let’s start with Biden’s threatening Ukraine with the withholding of congressionally approved military funds being approved by congress in a bipartisan manner. Please link us to that directive in the funding approval.
RH doesn’t have TSs last I looked.
&gt; Democrats did not "violate every precedent," they followed the rules put in place by republicans in 2015. If the republicans thought these rules were wrong, why did they create them? When will this leftist myth die? The House Democrats, in a partisan vote, passed the impeachment rules in Oct, 2019. These rules gave them all of the power and denied Trump any semblance of a defense. &gt; They didn't "refuse him counsel or defense", they invited him to testify and defend himself, which he voluntarily chose NOT to do. Testifying in a rigged investigation is not a defense. In the RULES THEY PASSED they denied him counsel with the right to call and question material witnesses. They ONLY invited counsel to the judicial impeachment hearing where, in the RULES THEY PASSED, for the first time ever, refused to allow material witnesses. &gt; They didn't "refuse to name a crime", whether you like it or not, Obstruction of Congress is a crime that carries a punishment of one to twelve months in prison. Obstruction of Congress is NOT a crime. Please feel free to link the statute. &gt; They impeachment hearings were absolutely full of damning witness testimony, including people trump himself appointed. Was Ambassador Sondland lying? Inferences and assumptions are not damning testimony. It’s meaningless. They wouldn’t have even been called in an actual trial. &gt; This also certainly was not the first partisan impeachment. Bill Clinton was impeached for lying to congress. Trump has lied literally over 15,000 since being in office. Do you support impeaching trump based on any one of these lies? ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/12/16/president-trump-has-made-false-or-misleading-claims-over-days/ ) I guess you don’t know what partisan means. Democrats crossed over to vote for impeaching Clinton. Clinton was not impeached for lying to Congress, he was impeached for lying to a grand jury, which is an actual crime, perjury, and they named it. They proved it with undeniable evidence. The Democrats ran an unprecedented and rigged impeachment and now they’re over a barrel.
&gt; The judiciary committee offered Trump exactly that even though they didn't have to. He declined. They offered for Trump to have counsel present when they questioned three far left law professors who bashed him in the past? That was their opportunity for a defense?!? People who had no connection with the case at all? Come on. For the first time ever, the Judiciary committee was banned from calling and questioning material witnesses. The entire investigation and impeachment were rigged so he could not have an actual defense. You have to ask yourself, if they had the “indisputable” and “overwhelming” evidence they claimed over and over they did, what were they afraid of? Why did they smash all precedent and refuse him a defense? &gt; It takes very little inference to see the what they were actually up to - a shakedown of an ostensible ally. Hell, some officials even admitted that in public. But it takes more than inference to claim it was a crime. Inference and assumption are not evidence. &gt; If you actually buy the "it was about fighting corruption" defense, then I've got some great stock in Theranos to sell you. If I buy it? How would I know? I was never allowed to hear that or any other defense. It’s pretty easy to find guilt with no evidence required and no defense allowed.
Obstruction of Justice is a crime. Bill Clinton was charged with it for witness tampering. Obstruction of Congress is not. The memo you missed is they went into a back room and made up some scary sounding things and tried to pass them off as actual crimes. They’re not. You’ll also notice they didn’t charge him with violating the emoluments clause. You can claim it all day long but for a legitimate precedented impeachment, you need to name it and prove it. &gt; Trump accepted aid from a foreign government in his election campaign. He’s potentially indebted to those people. He commuted campaign finance fraud. He used his “non profit” company as a front to buy paintings of himself to put in his own hotels. So you say. So the Democrats say. I agree, he *probably* did. However, that’s so far from being proven, it’s nonsensical. Inference is not evidence. If he committed campaign finance fraud, why didn’t they name it and prove it? Yes, they have sole power to impeach a president. But in order to impeach him, they had to void all precedent and deny him a defense. It was an embarrassment for the House, the Democrats, and the American people. Never has an impeachment been rigged like this. I’m not against impeaching him, I’m against them turning the process into a circus in order to get what they wanted. The bar is now so low for impeachment, it’s going to become an annual event when the House and Presidency are of opposite parties. With this precedent, Obama would have been impeached at least twice. He also refused to comply with subpoenas. BAM! Obstruction of Congress!
If Trump wins a second term after a rigged impeachment, I fully expect 55 year old pink haired lesbians screeching in the streets, millennials in antifa masks punching old men, and students vandalizing their own schools. Don’t disappoint me.
The means remind them none of them are safe if they continue to attack us.
You’re welcome. It would be nice if people could speak the truth on reddit without the downvotes. It’s so immature.
I’m sorry, I didn’t know you had a superior knowledgeable opinion more valid than both a Yale Law Professor and Constitutional Scholar and a Harvard Law Professor and Constitutional Scholar who was also the Democrats’ expert impeachment witness. If I had known you knew more than these well respected top experts in constitutional law, I would have deferred to your reddit opinion. I’m just an idiot, I suppose. However, those expert idiot opinions aside, if Trump is impeached and the House has ONLY the sole power to impeach, where do they also get the power to dictate to the Senate, who has SOLE POWER to try impeachments, when they try that impeachment? If they are NOT required to submit the articles in order for Trump to be impeached, then he is already impeached and their authority has ended, yes? Sole power to impeach in no way implies power to dictate to the Senate how they try impeachments, correct?
I waited and sold my positions on RH when the time was right and moved the cash off. I will probably only fund RH again if I need to for daytrades.
Thank you for inferring and assuming Trumps motivations for us. How in the world could we simple minded folk ever be expected to know the truth without leftists inferring and assuming for us? You’re very helpful and obviously sincere.
Is Iran bluffing? What? They’ve attacked us many times so, no, I don’t think they’re bluffing. Nor do I think Trump is honest. However, setting aside your nonsensical claims of “war crimes”, I’m not prone to taking the word of our sworn enemies who want us all to die even if it’s a convenient way to support my predisposed beliefs.
It never fails to amaze me how fast people will abandon their beliefs to try to delegitimize Trump. So, orange man bad, diplomacy bad now?
The *election* legitimized Trump and the rigged impeachment only served to reinforce his supporters’ belief that the Democrats are only trying to overturn an election. They are their own worst enemies. Maybe he should ship N Korea pallets of cash in the middle of the night?
Not the RED FLAAAAAAAAAAAAAG!!!!! What will we ever DOOOOOOO?!?!
"Iran shot down plane with two Russian-made missiles, US official says"
I would put some serious money down you woke up on Election Day 2016 ABSOLUTELY SURE Clinton was winning. Pro Tip: Just because reddit, your friends, and the MSM hate Trump and give him no credit, doesn’t mean the real world doesn’t.
I find this so economically naive, it’s repugnant. You literally believe Sanders and Warren would grow American markets by raising fucking taxes?! Jesus Christ.
Pop quiz to test your actual knowledge vs spoon fed media myth: How did Bush create the housing crash?
The crash of 2008 was 100% the results of Clinton’s policies. If your 401K is slowing in a record market, that’s on you.
Why are the left so short sighted that they would champion long term artificial trade imbalances and property theft over short term pain?
My advice is to buy potential rockets, not rockets, and know why you're buying them. All stocks have hype, not all hype is wrong, it's a matter of knowing what matters and what doesn't. It's a learning curve. Trust no one. (except me, buy OGEN and ONTX and then wait 6-10 weeks)
Smart.
No, it's a fact. Obama and those he influenced sent billions in cash on pallets in the dead of night to one of our worst enemies. We can excuse it as just monies we seized because they kept killing us and taking us hostage, but we all did, in fact, do that. That money was almost assuredly not spent on making this a better world. Was 10 years of possible non-nuclear development worth it when they slaughter us with conventional weapons? I don't think so. Appeasement of extremists never works out. Look at history.
Oh please, stop with the psycho-babble nonsense. When you tax corporations oppressively you diminish their ability to compete. Period. End of story. The market will react to oppressive taxation because the outcome is predictable.
It’s a solid play. It’s an all or nothing play, though. Rocket or rubbish.
Holding up the funds is neither illegal or improper. It’s been done many times by many presidents on both sides of the aisle. He is the executor of the funds. The legislation even provided a deadline, which he met. In fact, had he not been denied a defense, this would likely have been a part of that defense. Unfortunately, against all precedent, the House didn’t allow him one. And before you ask, requesting the investigations was also completely legal. We have a treaty with Ukraine to support each other through investigations. Whether it was improper or not would depend on intent and the Democrats did not prove intent. Assumptions and inferences are not proof. If he obstructed justice, they could have charged him with that. They did not. If he had attempted to interfere with an election, they could have charged him with that. They did not. They abandoned the precedent of naming an actual crime and manufactured catch-all phrases that mean nothing. They did not charge him with obstruction of justice because we all know it is within his rights to exercise executive privilege until a court deems otherwise. The House, against all precedent, refused him his day in court. Every modern president has resisted subpoenas. Every congress has turned to the courts to prove their subpoenas were legal, outside of executive privilege, and request enforcement, until this one. While it would also appear he did obstruct the Muller investigation, itself a farce and embarrassment for the Democrats, he was not charged with that. Why not? I never said he did nothing wrong. My money is on him being a corrupt, election interfering, liar, but the Democrats didn’t prove or even charge him with any of that. They used pretend crimes and pretend evidence for a pretend impeachment. They shat on the constitution and their responsibility to affect the outcome of the 2020 election.
&gt; Yeah was offered every opportunity to provide defense. He ignored and blocked every attempt at getting the truth. He never once made ANY attempt to come down and testify, either himself or through his lawyers. So please dont keep up that farce of a talking point. Being interrogated by a rigged impeachment investigation is not a defense. You do understand there are actual precedents for a proper defense, yes? The ability to question, cross, call, and subpoena witnesses? And that the house Democrats, for the first time ever, denied him that right? &gt; Good thing Intent only requires proving state of mind, eh? Something which can be inferred through actions, including obstruction. The Democrats proved nothing. Inferences and assumptions are not proof. &gt; Well it's a good thing Impeachment is a political process, put in place to help regulate unfit leadership (which Trump embodies) So, you agree with impeachment without naming or proving a crime? You agree with this new precedent that will allow the house to impeach a ham sandwich for riding a bike? How do you think this is going to play out going forward where impeachment is just another political ad? &gt; “Executive Privilege" is not a catch all to ignore a co-equal branch of govt until every claim of privilege can be argued through the courts for the next year. Given that Trump has expressed a willingness to gain help from foreign governments, time is of the essence. Actually, it is. Trump has a constitutional right to executive privilege and congress has no authority to determine it’s limits, only the co-equal judicial branch does. Urgency is a lame excuse and one that was exposed as fraudulent when they decided to withhold the articles of impeachment, another new low for Democrats. &gt; We all know Republicans dont care about that. Maybe the hope was that they WOULD care if he tried to overstep into their powers (which unfortunately Republicans still dont care about) This isn’t a discussion about Republicans. If, as you claim, he obstructed the Mueller investigation, why was he not charged for that instead of made up “crimes?” &gt; They more than proved literally all of that. Every time he speaks he's lying. Election Interference is plain as day, both with Russia, Ukraine, and even China. It’s plain as day? Then why didn’t they charge him with that? The impeachment is DOA in the Senate. It was a political ploy that will forever require an asterisk because no crime was named or evidence provided. Remember when the Democrats changed the rules so they could force Obama’s Supreme Court Nominees through? And then the Republicans used those very rules to force Kavenagh through? That’s what the Democrats just did to themselves for impeachments going forward. If this low-bar, ass-clown, no evidence needed, no defense allowed, impeachment precedent had happened before Obama, he would have been impeached at least twice. The Democrats are going to deeply regret this stunt.
Your ancestors, all the way back to the first human, had to have a perfect survival and child rearing record for you to exist.
Your statement is contradictory. It depends on the state so, no, you can not own them just because you can own a gun.
Where is this?
1) See the articles of impeachment. *Obstruction of Congress* and *Abuse of Power* are not crimes. If you claim they are, link us to the statute making them such. 2) Inferences and assumptions are not facts or evidence. The House presented no witness that had any testimony in regards to Trump and his intentions other than inferences and assumptions. 3) Trump was not allowed counsel at the investigation, witnesses were blocked, subpoenas were blocked, witnesses were instructed not to answer questions from the minority. When Trump was allowed counsel, at the judicial committee hearing, the Democrats blocked the calling of all material witnesses. Do you know how a defense works? 4) No idea what you're referring to. You know what? Just go to youtube, watch the investigation and hearing, and we can discuss this knowledgeably. If you aren't aware of the facts, you're wasting our time.
Do I really have to use the /s for people to understand a joke?
Ah yes, the race card. You can never debate a lefty without it being pulled. The end.
ESTR is due to R-S this week, yes? They are up hard against compliance?
In at .60. Should bounce this week.
Well, like...200%?
This is a refinancing of existing debt. The conversion rate is $5.85 a share. I jumped in at .60 today but I have a tight stop-loss. I think it'll bounce back.
Dude, chill. Do you not see the question mark? My understanding is they are due to r-s. What I've heard is they are up against the compliance deadline. If you disagree, give us details. If you don't know, you might want to find out.
Because they were reorganizing debt and not diluting, as I understand it. If I'm wrong, I'm out. I have a tight stop-loss.
You’re fine. If anything Sabby will pump it.
And I’m out.
Half of these are lies and the other half are “free money.”
You HAVE to lower costs first. In no way, shape, or form, can we just pay the bills as they are. Tort reform, allowing Americans to buy insurance across state lines, allowing international purchasing of pharmaceuticals, etc, etc. Obama and the Democrats had every opportunity to lower costs with sensible reforms and they did none of them. I have ZERO faith any of the Democrats will lower costs before throwing unsustainable money at the problem.
I forget, is Warren a dot or feather?
Ohhhh, ok. Take your meds.
Would you say the House Democrats used a “normal process?” Or would you say they broke many important precedents?
Let's see if you can be honest: 1) Trump has been one of the most peaceful presidents in modern history. Even when he was justified in striking Iran itself, he called back the strike to prevent Iranian civilian casualties.
Uh derp-a-derp-a-derp... "I dun know congress controls da budget 'cuz I toopid." \~ leftists Well, at least we know if we put the Democrats in charge, they'll fix it! FREE - FREE - FREE - FREE - FREE! amirite? Bernie's newest promise: (use an old Jewish man accent) *"I will collapse the economy in my first thirty days or die of a heart attack trying!"* Deficits and debt, at this rate, are absolutely bad. The Democrats aren't even PRETENDING they're going to address them. I'll take a booming economy and debt over a failing economy and debt, every time. At least in a booming economy, if congress would stop spending like drunken sailors, we can grow our way out of debt. If our economy fails now, at this level of deficit and debt, god help us all.
The house has already conducted the investigation. They don't get a re-do just because they didn't do their jobs. If they didn't gather enough evidence to remove, they didn't gather enough to impeach. Imagine standing there complaining there isn't enough evidence when they just voted in a partisan manner, for the first time in history, to impeach? They're TELLING YOU they didn't have the evidence!
This is a great analogy for what is going to happen if the Democrats are allowed to punitively drive off successful people. Hey, at least we'll all be equal in the breadlines.
He can crash the economy within 30 days of taking office... ...that's no small feat! Bernie Bois! (The bread lines should form to the LEFT, goddamnit! Not the RIGHT, ever, the LEFT ONLY!)
***"No amount of evidence will ever be needed again for impeachment."*** **\~ 2019 House Democrats** Remember when the House Democrats declared they would impeach a President including saying "we're going to impeach that motherfucker" long before the impeachment ever began not even knowing what they might impeach him for, then denied any semblance of a defense, then refused to use the Judicial branch, then refused to name a crime, and had no evidence but still impeached, and then cried that they had no evidence and demanded the Senate produce some? After declaring the impeachment was too urgent for the precedented constitutional remedy of appealing to the Judicial branch, before delaying the impeachment trial for a month, and then dressed in all black and said things like "solemn responsibility" before doing gleeful selfies on the house floor, and then acted all solemn when they actually delivered the articles because they were over a constitutional barrel, and actually got nothing for the impeachment and delay except Trump rising in the polls and impeachment polls dropping? And then pretended with their "solemn" march with the articles that it was all real and serious and that the Senate wouldn't laugh at them, and made a black women carry the articles so they would appear "inclusive" when every powerful person there was a white male? 'tegridy Farms Remembers.
You look the reality in the face and deny it.
So.... ...you don't think drugs change people's brains?
The merits of the evidence? The call transcript shows no crime. The witnesses witnessed no crime. No crime wasn’t even named. ‘What are the merits again? Let’s remember Bill Clinton was impeached for actual crimes and they had video, first-person witnesses, and DNA evidence.
You can’t see that he doesn’t acknowledge him or speak to him? That he pulls away from him? What the fuck is wrong with you people? Do you already forget the couple that would just show up at events for Biden and Obama and be let in because they looked like donors and they would take pictures with them?
Voting is only a right because we have guns. When you take away one, you take away the other. If you think the people trying to take away either of them aren’t trying to take away both, you’re a fucking moron. Question for OP: Do you think you should need an ID to buy a gun?
I love how people throw around “proven scientifically” as if some media click-bait headline is science. People who abuse drugs end up with mental issues. This is almost a certainty. It almost doesn’t matter the drug. Addiction is not a mental illness. Addiction causes mental illnesses. Drugs are addictive. Now, yes, some mentally ill people turn to drugs, but that’s the acceptation to the rule. Most become ill from the drugs.
Oh, I agree, but we were discussing the merits of the evidence. Evidence of what? They didn’t even name a crime. Any honest person looking at the precedent and evidence can see this was nothing but a political ploy. They were going to impeach him no matter what, their votes were decided before it was even filed, and they told us they were. I’m not arguing that he isn’t a piece of shit but the Senate has not even been given a valid reason for removal much less evidence. Hell, by demanding the Senate re-investigate, they’re telling us they have no evidence!
An LLC? You think an LLC can just be formed and go get huge loans no one is responsible for? Never go full retard. News Flash: Most people in the US work for small businesses. Almost all of those businesses start with private investments and/or personal loans. Most large corporations started the same way. Capitalism has been, by far, the most successful economic system in the history of the world. Even successful “communist” and “socialist” nations embrace it. Nothing has advanced the quality of living for the masses like capitalism.
And yet, not a single candidate will do anything to reduce costs because they are owned by the trial lawyers and insurance companies. Instead of lowering costs, they are going to force you to pay those costs. Once the pigs are at the tax money trough, they’re going to eat away, just like with Obamacare.
Wow, you REALLY blew that one! China didn’t start evolving as an economy until they adopted limited capitalism. Is it pure capitalism? No, but it is capitalism. Before that point they were a 3rd world country. They’re still a shithole, because of communistic control, but capitalism raised them from the trash heaps. The same with Russia. The same everywhere. Question: would you rather live in China’s economy or Hong Kong’s or Taiwan’s? All the same people, what do you think is the difference in standard of living? What Socialism is fixing anything? Venezuela? Cuba? What are you referring to? Socialism has decimated nations and their populace. Have you ever taken any history at all? I’ve owned several LLCs and know exactly what I’m talking about. It’s very difficult to get an unsecured loan or one where the owner isn’t personally responsible. Sure, if the company owns assets for collateral, it’s more possible, but that’s not unsecured.
&gt; It’s a loose loose situation. Is that better than a tight tight situation?
None of those items are socialist by nature and are completely compatible with capitalism. It’s why capitalist nations like Norway can have universal healthcare. As I’ve told you, I’ve owned several LLCs. Getting an unsecured loan as an LLC is inherently difficult. It is intentionally difficult BECAUSE the primary owners are not responsible for the debt. And yes, IF HE WAS SCAMMED, and they kept the money, he can absolutely go after them in civil court. If he loaned it to them for a business venture and the venture failed, then he’s probably shit out of luck. However, again, that was a private investment which was not your point.
Only, of course, he did not, at any time or in any way, ask for election interference. You are inferring and assuming. Inference and assumption is not evidence, it’s guessing. Don’t you think if they had evidence of election interference, they would have impeached him for... ...wait for it... ...wait for it... ...ELECTION INTERFERENCE, which IS a crime?! The Senate doesn’t need to investigate. They can if they choose to but they don’t need to. What would they even investigate? How do you investigate made up “crimes?” What is the criteria for proving a non-crime? If the house had an investigation and proved anything worthy of impeachment, why would there need to be a second investigation? Didn’t they say they had “overwhelming” and “uncontested” evidence over and over and over? How is that not enough to name and prove a crime?
I know. No one ever wants to answer because the truth is obvious and they don’t want to admit it.
Well, how much nuclear development will $150,000,000,000 buy you? That close.
Please stop with the rampant TDS. Trump went with what everyone believed to be true at the time because that’s what THE MILITARY told him. It appears their may have been some delayed concussion symptoms that are being checked as a precaution. I suppose this will now be added to the pretend list of Trump “lies?”
If you think paying a lower percentage of our GDP in taxes, while collecting record amounts in taxes, is a bad thing, you clearly failed economics.
Uhhhhh, what did you say? You wanted to prove my point? Yeah, that was AFTER they controlled the government for years and could have closed them at will, but refused. &gt;The Democrats held the **Presidency and both houses for two years under Obama** and they closed exactly ZERO tax loopholes for the rich. Question: If they closed the loopholes when they had the power to, why were they trying to blame the Republicans for not closing them years later? Seriously, that was weak. You can do better.
So...that's what? Twice? Is that what you meant? Twice? That a Republican won the election, as intended constitutionally, but not the popular vote, two times? Ohhhhhhh, thirrrrrrty yeeeeeears...spoooooooooky! Why didn't you just say twice? It's amazing how far leftists will stretch statistics to make them sound ominous.
&gt;**Trump Admits The Soleimani Threat Story Is A Lie** Waaaaaaait a second here... that doesn't sound true at all... is this just another made up "fact" by the left like "trump asked the president of Ukraine to interfere in the election?" Hang on, let me check it out... *\~time passes\~* ...Yep! Just another lie by the left! More "inferences" and "assumptions" with no truth to them! Silly leftists, don't you tire of having your lies exposed?
Is this like his claim to have evidence Trump colluded with Russia? Or his claim that Trump asked for election interference in his call? Or his claim that the impeachment evidence was "uncontested" and "overwhelming" when they couldn't even name a crime? We're still waiting, Schiffty. Let's clear the back-log of unproven claims before we move on to new claims, 'mkay?
Inferences and assumptions are only evidence of your ideological blindness. Against Clinton they had *video* of him lying to a grand jury, *first-person* witnesses telling us why it was a lie, and *DNA evidence* that countered his lies. They also named two actual crimes. Against Trump they had inferences and assumptions and named no crimes.
The aerodynamic forces were guaranteed to destroy it so no landing attempt would be possible. They did not blow it up themselves, although they can when needed.
The system is automatic, not ordered from the ground. They simply lowered the parameters so it would set itself off at its most stressful point.
This is the part Bernie supporters refuse to understand. I, too, am an investor and if Bernie wins the nomination and leads in the polls, I’m not going to be buying stocks, I’m going to be shorting them. Bernies economic ideas are DOA.
I’m not saying what you think I’m saying. I’m saying level 4 will cover almost everyone long before we reach level 5.
Seriously. Antifa Millenials will be punching old people, students will be vandalizing their own campuses, and 55-year-old pink-haired lesbians are going to be screeching uncontrollably. "Buh...buh...buh we impecheded him!" Now that's entertainment!
If the new low bar for impeachment of not naming or proving a crime had been set before Obama, he should have been impeached at least twice.
If they’re “MAGA chuds”, why do they allow this sub to be overrun by leftists and Bernie-spam posts?
The Whitehouse can't block *legal* subpoenas. Congress doesn't get to decide what is and is not a legal subpoena nor do they get to define the limits of executive privilege. Their remedy was to demonstrate to the courts, who are constitutionally authorized to settle disputes between the legislative and executive branches, that their subpoenas were both legal and outside of executive privilege, but they refused. Every modern president has legally resisted congressional subpoenas and waited for a court decision. If those were not obstruction, then neither is this.
That’s just silly. The House had every legal right to question any witness they wanted and refused. It’s not the Senate’s problem they didn’t do their job, follow precedent, or remedy the completely legal resistance to their demands in the courts. &gt; No laws were even written when the constitution was written outlining impeachment. Abuse of Power and Obstruction of Congress are impeachable offences. Trump literally undermined our national security for his own personal gain: are you people just stupid? No laws were written? Our laws are based on English law, as is clearly demonstrated by the crimes listed as examples of impeachable offenses in the constitution. Treason and bribery were well defined crimes. High crimes and misdemeanors are referring to crimes. The irony that you claim the House can do as they please, in violation of all impeachment precedent of naming and proving a crime and not just fabricating nonsense, and then try to hold the Senate to a completely different standard. Unprecedented impeachments get unprecedented trials. The House chose to not name a crime or provide evidence and the Senate can properly and legally do with that what it sees fit. There is no precedent. Yes, while “Abuse of Power” and “Obstruction of Congress” are not crimes, with a wildly generous definition of the constitution, you could argue they are impeachable offenses. With this standard, we can now also claim “Wearing a Hat” and “Eating a Ham Sandwich” are impeachable offenses. If we are going to ignore the examples given in the constitution, all of which are crimes, and all impeachment precedent in US history, all naming crimes, we can just impeach on a whim. It’s probably a precedent the Democrats are going to come to sorely regret.
We’ve never had an impeachment in history that named no crime or offered actual evidence of a crime. Run an unprecedented impeachment, get an unprecedented trial. The Democrats threw precedent out the window. We can now impeach a ham sandwich for riding a bike and try it with clowns and acrobats. You don’t get to ignore all standards when it fits your agenda and then demand them when it doesn’t. Remember when the Democrats violated all precedent and changed the rules to ram Obama’s Supreme Court Nominees through? And then wailed and cried when the Republicans used those new rules and precedent to push Kavanaugh through? Yeah, they just shit the bed and did it again. The impeachment was a short-sighted and moronic political move that’s going to bite them in the ass.
Get a dashcam.
Please link us to the statute that makes "Abuse of Power" a crime instead of a two-paragraph Wikipedia. Same for "Obstruction of Congress", please. If you can't, they aren't crimes. You don't get to change the "Obstruction of Congress" (not a crime) to Obstruction of Justice (a crime). If the House Democrats had meant Obstruction of Justice, they would have charged him with Obstruction of Justice. They didn't. Yes, in the Clinton impeachment, where they named and proved crimes, Congress went to the courts to enforce their subpoenas whereas with this impeachment, the House Democrats refused. Therefore, by default, no obstruction charge is possible. You CAN'T charge a person with a crime for exercising their rights. This is settled law.
Uber is saying please don't, not that you can't. It's NOT in the driver TOS, except where it's illegal. Think about that...why would they have two TOS's on this subject, one where it's banned and one where it's not? I don't recommend carrying young kids but if they look passable as 18, I have no issue with it, nor does Uber or they would ban it. More to the point, the belief that it's against the insurance policy or even could be, where it's legal, is a myth.
You sound perfect for us.
It's by the state.
Yep. It's like how the left lists his "lies" and has some wild number and you look at the list and think, "did they just not get that joke or are they just so devious and desperate they feel they have to call this a lie." Democrats are blatantly deceitful and make my skin crawl but I'm done laughing *with* Trump. What can we do though? Tank the economy for a decade?
The housing crisis was 98.5% built by Clinton. Despite the endless predictions from the left of a looming recession, there's no valid reason for that to happen in this economy unless someone mucks it all up. (looking at you Bernie)
It’s “overwhelming”, “uncontested”, and “indisputable!” (Buhhh, unh, could the senate please find us some? We lost ours.)
Schiff: If I had done my job, we wouldn’t have to be begging the Senate to do it for us. (Thinking in his head: We literally can’t go tits up since not naming a crime means no evidence required!)
History will note that the house impeachment broke with all precedent for political gain. Partisanship has not been the rule until the house decided to not name or prove a crime. This is the first partisan impeachment in history. Had the house followed precedent and named a crime with evidence, it wouldn’t only be bi-partisan AGAINST impeachment. The Democrats have lowered the bar so low, you can now impeach horse for pissing on a goat. You do realize Trump has been gaining in the polls ever since this ass-clown circus of an impeachment started, yes? It is far more likely that history will note impeachment as Trump’s resurgence than anything that the Senate does with a DOA, no crime, no evidence, no appeal to the courts, house impeachment.
Jesus Christ, this is ignorant. First of all, they did not subpoena most of those whom they now want to call and they withdrew some where they did. They also refused to defend their subpoenas as legal in the courts, where they MUST defend them. You can’t fucking charge a person with a crime for exercising their rights which is why THEY DID NOT CHARGE TRUMP WITH A CRIME, for fuck’s sake. The House can not only NOT get the Senate to convict as is, they can’t convince a five-year-old to convict with no crime named and no evidence. Stop reading headlines and learn what it is they just did. They violated all precedent to show up at the Senate with nothing.
Millions more got jobs. Far more than that got raises and/or better jobs. Which do you think they prefer? Which do you think is better for them? I know Obama had them on the dole at record levels, and maybe we needed that after Clinton’s sub-prime housing collapse, but wouldn’t people be better off in a real booming economy with an income they earn and are proud of? That they can get credit with to own property and expand their wealth?
Perjury and witness tampering are crimes. Do you want the links to the federal statutes they named and proved? They proved those crimes beyond any reasonable doubt. Video of him lying to a grand jury, first-person witness testimony, and fucking DNA evidence. “Abuse of Power” and “Obstruction of Congress”, are NOT crimes nor did they prove anything. Pulling for your team doesn’t require you to self-lobotomize. You can be both ideological and honest.
Andrew Johnson was impeached for a crime, a violation of the Tenure of Office Act. Did you not know this?
Those would be crimes. The House didn't name or prove any crimes. Inference and assumption aren't evidence.
Meds. Take your meds.
/r/shitstatistssay Nothing could possibly go wrong by allowing the government to decide our elections!
We know the house made up some terms and then tried to define them as crimes. They devised catch-all basket terms used in an unprecedented manner to avoid naming an actual crime. That's not what makes something a crime. A crime ALWAYS has a statute. An articulated action or behavior that is banned by law demanding a defined punishment. Link us to the statutes determining that "Abuse of Power" and "Obstruction of Congress" are crimes.
Testifying isn’t a defense. Submitting documents isn’t a defense. Not exercising your constitutional rights isn’t a defense. No one in their right mind would cooperate with a rigged investigation and impeachment hearing. Had the House Democrats not rigged the impeachment, they would have a valid argument. They rigged it, so they don’t.
He probably does. However, the House didn't even come close to proving that and took a big steaming shit on the impeachment process.
Well, I'm glad your questioning and curious. My information comes from all different sources. What would you like to know? Executive privilege was affirmed by the supreme court in the [Nixon impeachment.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_v._Nixon)
They didn’t charge him with Obstruction of Justice or Bribery. They charged him with Obstruction of Congress and Abuse of Office. Those aren’t crimes. They made them up. He was not asked for his side, he was invited to come be interrogated without representation. Would you assist in your own prosecution by people who said “we’re going to impeach that motherfucker” before the investigation even started?
That's from the community guidelines and not the driver TOS. It's not a rule or contractual obligation, it's a suggestion. Rules don't use "should", "feel", "may", or "please." They say must, do, do not, etc. I have emailed Uber on this subject and they replied with "you're a contractor, use your best judgment." In the five years I have driven for Uber and actively participating in this forum and others with thousands of posts on this subject, I have not once heard of a driver being deactivated for carrying a minor or Uber refusing them insurance. If you believe otherwise, I would be interested in seeing your source. If Uber refused to cover a minor after a traffic accident, the press would destroy them.
&gt; Why isn't Merrick Garland on the Supreme Court then? Because the Democrats lost the Senate? &gt; Why do you continue to blame Democrats for the Republicans having no morals? I blame both parties for having no morals. Trying to define my ideology as "Republican" will always fail. You did make a false claim. You claimed Obama didn't resist subpoenas. &gt; Obama didn't resist subpoenas, Trump lied to you again. That was false. We agree that was false, yes? I DO have solutions. My solution is for the Democrats to follow precedent and name and prove a crime. Then I can support the impeachment and removal. Simple.
&gt;But you are literally paying the union to represent your interests in bargaining with the employer.... This is another myth shamelessly perpetrated by unions. The Supreme Court has been very clear that Unions are NOT required to represent non-union employees in any way. The only exception is that if the union CHOOSES to contractually force everyone else away from the negotiating table, they are not allowed to negotiate lower wages for non-union employees. That is a choice made by the union and is not in any way representation.
Nice job. Love the ax.
They only cooperate with law enforcement requests.
This isn’t true. You can only deduct meals if you are traveling away from home and have to stop for substantial sleep to perform your duties. Away from home means away from your tax base. Your tax base is where you primarily earn your money.
**Meals** You can deduct the cost of meals if it is necessary for you to stop for substantial sleep or rest to properly perform your duties while traveling *away from home* on business. [https://www.irs.gov/publications/p463#en\_US\_2018\_publink100016951](https://www.irs.gov/publications/p463#en_US_2018_publink100016951) "**Away from home**” is a phrase used by the [Internal Revenue Service (IRS)](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/irs.asp) to express that a taxpayer is not within commuting distance from home. If the taxpayer works away from home for longer than a normal workday and requires sleep, then the associated costs are tax deductible. If the taxpayer works a distance that is within commuting distance from home, not away from home, but chooses to sleep in a place that is not home, the associated costs are not deductible. The IRS specifies that in this case the distance is from the “*tax home*,” not necessarily the actual domicile of the taxpayer. **Tax Home** To determine whether a taxpayer is away from home, the IRS considers the tax home, which is the general location or vicinity of where the taxpayer usually works or does business. This may or may not be where the taxpayer actually lives. For example, if the taxpayer lives in Detroit but works in Toledo, and stays in a hotel in Toledo during the week but travels home every weekend to Detroit, the taxpayer’s tax home is considered to be Toledo. None of the travel expenses from Detroit to Toledo or the lodging and food expenses in Toledo are deductible, because the taxpayer works in their tax home regardless of where they live. Away from home in the above example would indicate a distance from Toledo that was not reasonable to commute back every night, because Toledo is the tax home.
Yes. This is all from 18. Sorry, it would be nice, but it's still not deductible. Unfortunately, travel and entertainment deductions went down, not up. Now, if you go to another city to work an event or something, those expenses would be deductible.
If you haven’t watched the defense destroying Schiff’s lies and believe what Schiffty is saying, you’re deluding yourself. He got skewered.
&gt; bunch The proper term is “clump”
It’s the same price in the end. It’s better for the worker and the customer.
That’s completely false. IF you have collision on your private insurance, you have it with Uber during periods 2 and 3.
Not sure why everyone says “if it goes super nova” and “once it explodes.” If we see it happen, it happened over 600 years ago.
&gt;Since when does an accused get to refuse to allow witnesses Since when? Since the constitution was signed. You do realize this is a political process and not a judicial proceeding, yes? And that Trump has Supreme Court supported constitutional rights? By the way, he wasn't accused of a crime.
Na, loss of blood pressure renders you unconscious instantly.
I was bringing my first child home from the hospital. I was in a daze just going from the room with stuff to my Jeep when I realized I had just walked past a prayer circle. Ok, maybe someone died? My next trip they were all around a TV. It was weird but I had a mission. My next one they were around the TV and people were crying. It was right after tower 1 fell. I went to the hospital room and turned on the TV and was shocked. My wife was so stoned on meds she couldn’t grasp what was going on. I have video of my new baby with the burning tower on the TV in the background.
Yes, and they work. How do you think gas cans are filled?
It changes the way we should refer to the event if we strive for accuracy.
She’s from a small DC area tribe called the Memelielie
The transcript was confirmed accurate by the Democrats’ witnesses. Are you calling their testimony into question? On the only subject they were actual first-person witnesses to and not just inferring or assuming? Schiff lied in his opening statements, he lied about having collusion evidence, he lied about contact with the whistleblower, and he was JUST CAUGHT TODAY lying about a text exchange from Parnas.
“Please meet my cousinwife”
&gt; Kobe had a chance to live his best life. Yep. Celebrity. rich, great family, got to rape girls... best life.
From our perspective, if we see it go supernova, we will also know when it actually went supernova on our timeline. Which will be over 600 years ago.
You realize the FBI was caught altering a CIA email and lying to FISA courts repeatedly, yes? That when Trump said they were out to get him he was proven correct? Back to the question, you do know Schiff claimed he had direct evidence of Trump/Russian collusion, yes?
Half way in-between.
I said 8. Kobe wasn’t one of them.
Do you mean like a first-person witness, DNA, seamen, blood, genital wounds, neck and face bruising, him telling lies he later confessed to, an apology, and a cash payoff after he said he should have paid her to keep quiet like Shaq does? Yes, to all of those.
That’s like saying someone isn’t disabled because they blew off their hands playing with explosives. No one told them to play with explosives. Yes, people do stupid things. Mostly young people with most of their lives to live. But saying drug *addiction* isn’t a disease, a *treatable* disease, will get you nowhere. If you don’t want drug addicts to be a lifelong burden on society, we have to help them.
What do you think your success rate would be and at what cost per person?
Have you ever known an addict?
"Ultimately, however, the special counsel's office noted that it "did not identify evidence of a connection between Manafort's sharing polling data and Russia's interference in the election," and that the investigation "did not establish that Manafort otherwise coordinated with the Russian government on its election-interference efforts."" Where is the direct evidence of Trump collusion Schiff claimed? Link us to where Schiff shared his direct evidence.
Where is ADAM SCHIFF’S publicly repeatedly claimed direct evidence?
When you consider the seriousness of her injuries, lifetime costs could exceed $1M. She might be better off getting a judgment now. There may be statutes of limitation. Insurance cover's Uber and the driver's costs, up to $1M, that isn't a limit on Uber's or the driver's liability if they were negligent.
Uber could be profitable if they wanted by stopping all expansion and closing newer markets. Right now they are bleeding billions.
You know a plane like that can be engulfed in seconds, yes? And can carry thousands of gallons of jet fuel?
They are a publicly traded company now. Their numbers are public. Their largest costs are marketing, new rider acquisition (discounts), and new driver acquisition (bonuses, referral fees, etc). Uber is in its expansion phase to acquire market share, not to make a profit. They are not profitable.
He’s not being accused of a crime. He has valid and supported reasons for holding the funds. Showing he had valid reasons for asking for the investigations, or at least a valid reason for suspicion, would just be a cherry on top.
Do you even know what FISA is?
There was never a "Muslim ban." Yes, Trump used that phrase, but no, it was not a "Muslim ban."
You have no idea what you're talking about.
There's no reason for it being this low except manipulation that I can see. Sabby is the biggest institutional holder, if that tells you anything. It'll run at some point. That point may still be awhile off. P3 isn't filled and won't show results for months. Maybe as late as June/July even. I added today. I haven't heard or seen any reason not to. I will probably sell on news though and wait for a lower price for a smaller entry. China NDA is due out before Feb 10th, IIRC. News of P3 filling is imminent. I expect to be able to get out with profit on one or both of these, hopefully.
https://upserve.com/restaurant-insider/impact-minimum-wage-increase/
That’s what I thought. You were busted making false claims, yet again, and now refuse to back them up. Feel free to explain how Bush caused the recession.
You do realize the only reason they were drilling so deep was because of regulations that forced them to, yes?
Sue them for choosing to not do business with you? Good luck.
Last Saturday night and early Sunday morning, during the hours that are now curfewed, 92 people were shot and 27 were killed in Chicago alone. I don't think you are grasping the gravity of the situation.
Why are you just inserting your own assumptions? Without warning? You can hear them say "That means that you don't walk here" or something along those lines. They are warning them, *again*, to leave the area. Pepper balls are a good way to show teens disobeying instructions that it's serious without causing any harm to them.
You should just look up the answers to your questions in the handbook. You're going to need to study it to pass.
Yeah, you can find "science" to support any position you want. We can tell this is BS because over 100,000 people in the US died in just a few months which alone destroys half of the "facts" presented.
Oh please, stop. He GIVES AWAY creamer already. How much free stuff do you think you are owed by other citizens?
Exactly. Trying to claim she was in a hurry and that's why she took a week's worth of creamer was painful.
Nice run today. I'm out. I'll wait for a hard dip.
Apply for unemployment? The self-employed qualify for the $600 a week from the feds. That is back-paid to your first day of being unemployed/underemployed. My daughter accepted a job offer and didn't work a single day and I got her over $5,000 in UI. Also, check your state to see if evictions are even allowed right now. Many states have banned them for now.
Why aren't you both on unemployment?
I'm going to do this, but in the floor.
If you go with uncured bacon, your 100% right. It's great for you.
Grass-fed. Corn fed is not nearly as good for you. Yeah, the studies of red meat and cancer are complete nonsense. They don't use whole naturally fed meats.
They're high in simple carbs which are bad for you.
The simple carbs are the unhealth part, not the oil.
Naturally fed animal fat. Corn fed is nowhere near as healthy.
If you go with natural peanut butter with no sugar, it's great for you.
Tomato is a fruit. Yep, naturally fed red meat and everything you typically find on a burger are good for you except the bun and ketchup.
Nope. The butter (natural fats) and salt (sodium - electrolytes) are fine and are both essential to good health. Popcorn is loaded with simple carbs which are just sugar.
...are unhealthy. Finished it for you.
Nope. The butter (natural fats) and salt (sodium - electrolytes) are fine and are both essential to good health. Popcorn is loaded with simple carbs which are just sugar.
Diabetes? Inflammation? Clogged arteries?
Welcome to your new reality of mandatory meetings, schedules, uniforms, employee handbooks, and no control.
I didn’t say it shouldn’t ever go there. I’m fully aware of an array of mounts and they are a good answer if that’s your only option, I just don’t prefer them. The TV tends to be left out and down and that’s not a good look at all. I just personally think a TV over the fireplace takes away from both the TV viewing and the fireplace. It’s just my opinion.
We lived through a 50,000-year-long ice age by switching from primarily herbivore to primarily carnivore. The few surviving humans moved to the coasts of Africa and started eating seafood. That's when we grew our big brains and created tools and weapons. A good natural food for humans is naturally fed meat , fat, and seafood and an array of natural vegetables. We didn't evolve to eat grains. We ate almost no grains until 10,000 years ago. If we eliminated all grains from the food supply, our overall health would skyrocket.
Oh, it's fair to claim they don't treat us as pure ICs. We should definitely see the trips ahead of accepting. However, as a life-long contractor, I can assure you their contract is one of the most liberal I've seen. Rates are often set by the person offering the contract so that's not unusual at all. Throttling for declining work is likewise not at all unusual. The person offering you the contract has an expectation that you will do the work.
There are 18.6G of carbs in a serving of popcorn. 3.6G are fiber so 15G of simple carbs. Fiber isn't good or bad for you. This belief is a result of people looking at poorly done studies and jumping to conclusions about the benefits. The benefit of fiber is mostly just that we don't digest it. Yes, all simple carbs are bad. It's just a matter of degree of how bad.
That's brilliant! Let's hire people for extremely difficult positions based on their skin color! What could possibly go wrong?!
Please show us where that has ever worked. Thanks and good luck.
This. Had he gone to the desk he almost certainly could have left it there and probably would have been told he had to. With a mask and hand sanitizing after, the risk is almost zero because everyone will have masks.
You're WAAAAAAY over-blowing the risk of an environment where you would be in and out and EVERYONE is wearing a mask. Your drive there was probably a higher risk.
It's the perfect ice cream receptacle. * You can eat it anywhere * Easy to hold * No mess * It's an insulator to keep it cold * You can drink the melted leftovers * When you're done, it will hold the spoon upright You should thank your parents for teaching you their secrets.
What are you even talking about? They CLEARLY told him they were arresting him because he had too much to drink. If someone assaults me, I'll shoot them. If someone points a taser at me, I'll shoot them. He assaulted two officers, stole a weapon, and attempted to use it on them. There's no debate here, Rayshard Brooks escalated this and caused his own death.
A bus full of one-legged orphan babies with cancer on the way to meet their new adoptive parents and a dozen WW2 veteran nuns... Edit: ...holding puppies.
This is the way.
Best dog-kabobs anywhere.
Uh, his IQ?
This is a perfect example of how a person can make statistics say anything they want. I’ll update you with a valid comparison after work.
I need that for my prank bag.
Needs a banana for scale.
Wrong sub. This is great.
If you want statistics to say something that they don't, like restricting "stand-your-ground" and "right-to-carry" laws make you safer, lump them in with other unrelated statistics to skew the whole to your favor. Another good trick is to use all firearm deaths including those of the criminal a person defended themselves from instead of just using illegal or accidental firearm deaths.
/r/keto It works, it's healthy, it's not hard, and you won't be hungry.
&gt; He estimates he’s losing about $600 a day. LOL! Comeondude! A) That's COMPLETE bullshit. B) If he made $600 a day he'd be FLYING to buy a seat himself and work out who pays later. Just STUPID.
Nice! Time for me to open my $10 a visit skills workshop. Who wants to learn how to paint my house or cut my grass?
It's not at all. If you knew how bullets were made and what causes them to fire you'd see that but even then it does *look* foolhardy. It's perfectly appropriate.
You rejected a person over something that can be easily fixed?
Men can have a hard time spelling. It's a normal thing. Rejecting someone over it is like rejecting someone for not knowing how to use a table saw.
Because it's just incidental stuff that can be replaced with green in post-editing. As long as she doesn't cross out of the green at all, the rest is easily "covered" with a layer of green.
&gt;more cheaper More cheaper is always more better.
You just add a layer of green over those areas in post-editing. It's easy as long as she stays within the green.
This is the face of entitlement and pure inconsideration for others. You not only want them to fix your mistake, you want them to both lose income and pay out money from their own pocket to do so. Well done.
&gt;A strange third world healthcare system and a distrust in their own elected government What a strange opinion. You understand the failings of our healthcare system but can't understand the distrust of the people who created it and keep it as the status quo. Just odd. By the way, we don't have a 3rd world healthcare system, we have the best healthcare in the world available to us. What we have are runaway costs, mostly created by poor regulation and trial lawyers, neither of which are either party willing to fix.
What a bullshit loaded question. If he had stayed closed the question would have been "Do you feel responsible for the people who lost their jobs last week?" It's been a WEEK since we reopened. He ISN'T responsible for the increase because he COULDN'T be.
Exactly. It's one thing if it's used to point the cops in a direction for investigation but it's not EVIDENCE of anything.
&gt;Most people from other countries are capable of judging each person as individuals The dumbest thing said on the internet today? Maybe, but there's still time to do even better!
Grabbing my popcorn. Who’s going to fuck drivers harder, the unions and politicians or Uber? This is going to be fun.
Well, you never know. If they’re bad choices, maybe not even close.
Girlfriend?
Yes, I do. And I'm an essential worker so I've been able to observe behavior the entire time and it's been poor at best. However, that has nothing to do with the governor and the question was bullshit. He couldn't possibly be responsible for a rise in that short of a period of time. We opened June 16th. https://governor.mo.gov/press-releases/archive/governor-parson-announces-missouri-will-fully-reopen-enter-phase-2-recovery
I wear a mask in public 100% of the time and so should everyone. That's not my point in the slightest. The question was bullshit with the sole purpose of accusing the Governor of something that isn't even possible.
Reopening (June 16th) with restrictions and guidelines. All we have to do is follow them. There's no need for the brownshirts with guns to force their opinions on others. What the reporter SHOULD have asked is if he felt the people who are not following the guidelines are responsible for the spike.
My god...you're just all in on a nanny state and government control of your life? What happens when an algorithm just says you're probably a criminal because of your genetics, race, geographical location, and/or past offenses? Just round 'em up and force them to lawyer up? Ruin lives over a guess? Jesus Christ that's shallow thinking.
&gt;**If capitalism works, why the corporate bailouts** Capitalism is the most uplifting of all economic types and has lifted more people out of poverty than any other, by far. We didn't NEED the corporate loans, we used them to save jobs. Left on its own, capitalism and the economic advantages it brings would have been fine over time. Anyone who thinks there is a better system is woefully ignorant.
Buh... buh... why not just call the cops?!?! They could have been there in 10-20 minutes and probably wouldn't have waited outside for more than another 10!
Lowest black unemployment in the entire history of the US.
This is completely true and has killed many people. Birds get sucked in all the time. https://youtu.be/Q8I1ImzoXvU Grain silos will also explode, massively. They’re fucking deadly.
Right whale, bitch.
You’re paying the price for the education you didn’t get before you risked money you couldn’t lose. A+
This is flat earth worthy.
The goal of stay-at-home was never to end the pandemic, it was to keep the ICUs from being overwhelmed.
It would have gone a long way to slow the pandemic. Nothing but a cure/vaccine will end the pandemic. We still have the flu, we still have colds, it's not going anywhere anytime soon. Downvoting facts, whoever did it, won't change the facts.
The studies I've read on this don't account for multiple sleeping sessions throughout the day, they only look at sleep time in a single session.
First, thank you for your service and I'm sorry you're having these troubles. This is the right place for success! It's a process. Don't let it all look overwhelming because you can do this a step at a time! Weeks one and two, don't count calories, don't worry about macros, just get the carbs and sugar out of your diet and eat more fat! Zero sugar and 20 net grams of carbs or less. This is all you need to focus on. Remember, for net carbs, it's total carbs minus the fiber (and some sugar alcohols, but that's another discussion). The cool thing about keto is, for most people, your appetite wanes naturally. You don't need to be hungry on this diet and that's one of the reasons it's so successful. You just need to transition off of sugar/carbs and wait. Counting calories can come in when you're comfortable that you're doing the above. There are a thousand ways to eat keto on the road, it just takes forethought and experience. Because I'm doing a renovation, I've eaten out every meal for months without any issues. Eat a burger with all of the fixings (not ketchup), just toss the bun. Eat normal American meals of meat and sides. Keep stocked with snacks you can eat like seeds and nuts (watch the cashews), beef jerky (check for sugars), cheese sticks, and even sandwiches with low carb bread/tortillas. In a few weeks, when you're ready, start to try to work with your calories and macros. Get an idea of what your protein and fat look like on a plate so you can guess macros when you can't get hard numbers. Most restaurants have these numbers online. **Electrolytes, Electrolytes, Electrolytes**. Look at the FAQ here and GET YOUR WATER AND ELECTROLYTES! Do NOT fail on this point. Everything else can be fixed as you go. You don't want to get dizzy or faint from dehydration driving a big-rig. Seriously, don't wing it, it's very important for safety and success. The benefits from keto far exceed weightloss. You're REALLY going to enjoy this if you ease in and don't let any slips stop your progress. Last but not least, stop in here daily. Support is always a big factor in success. Ask questions, share your wins, absorb the details as you go. Oh, and you do not need the gym at all for weight loss. It's barely a factor. Not dissuading you from exercising, we all need to, but my guess is you should probably focus on the weight first and then ease in exercise. You CAN do it. We ALL have and we are here to tell you: This IS the way. It works. It will work for you too!
This needs a step by step DIY! I must have this!
&gt;Memorial day at the Ozarks did WAY more to fuck with MO's numbers than the protests did. Annnnnd, you just pulled that out of thin air. Last I looked, there was one case associated with Memorial Day. &gt;You can be as "pro mask" and "pro civil liberties" as you like, but requiring a mask is the single easiest and most effective strategy we have to limit the spread of COVID. Banning pools would save lives. Forcing everyone to blow into a breathalizer to turn on their car would save far more. Forcing women to only go outside in groups of six or larger would curtail kidnappings, rapes, and murders. Where do we want to stop? We should stand up for rights, even when we don't agree with them. Once you surrender a right, it's very difficult to get it back. &gt;Requiring them is no more unconstitutional or onerous than requiring shirts and shoes That says a lot right there. This is a right we surrendered and I'm not aware of any actual scientifically demonstrated purpose for this common law. Are you? How does wearing a shirt protect us from anything but the outraged sensibilities of the Karens? What does wearing shoes do for a society that we were willing to force individuals, at the point of a gun, to wear them? Prevent athlete's foot?
&gt;it's adorable that you think defunding the police changes anything about burglaries. It's adorable that you think it wouldn't. How delusional do you have to be?
Just keep emailing, they'll relent eventually. If you dispute the charges you're done with Uber until you pay up and, at that point, they will not work with you at all. Uber sucks ass.
Only if the flair also shows their win/loss ratio documented by their posts on here.
Once you chargeback, there is no chance of them working with you. They will disable your account until you pay. They suck, they're fucking heartless thieves, and that's their policy. Keep emailing. They usually relent eventually.
Ban
Asking someone to commit insurance fraud with you is a imprisonable offense. Accepting cash rides is moronic.
Yes, it's true that the mob broke down a gate (images on news) and trespassed on private property. However, the private property was the neighborhood and not their own.
