Not a bad clip but that really says something pathetic about the skills of this sub when this post has 5.5k upvotes. For fucks sakes it’s hardcore
It’s the 7th season of Shaqtin. So it’s almost 6.5 seasons worth
Allah has a better TS%
Getting headshotted in MW2
There have definitely been worse games than that one.
Yeah same thing happened to me. Sad!
Did you buy it from Best Buy
Dude just make sprint out time a little faster across the board. And if you have such an SMG heavy meta, why the tits do you keep nerfing the ARs?
They are ridiculously stingy with the XP and Score in this game. +10 for a Recon Assist? When it was +25 in previous games?? The scorestreaks aren’t even that good for us to be getting these slave wages!
Crutch perk is starting to become a meme of itself.
Www.basketball-reference.com
Lol yeah they actually did. They were pretty successful in their killing/conquest for about 40 or 50 years actually. Stalin himself has tens of millions of deaths to his own name. IRL K/D better than hitler’s
NBA street vol 2
If the insta-haymaker actually connected clean he might get 10 games, but because bjelica is the Serbian Mayweather he might get only two games.
I am 9th prestige and have one crummy BAR variant.
The game is much closer to 5 years old than 6 years old. Please don’t exaggerate
He’s 6’2”
Looks like we got to get rid of those Stalin-era Soviet-style outfits too.
/u/Mcondrey /u/SHG_Hammer
I play hardcore because the headshots are piss easy. I’m going for chrome camo
I don’t get it
Expectedly Low-IQ comment from John Wall.
Thanks. Idk how he convinced the Cavs
Only uncomfortable if you don’t like chicks 🐥
The coaches let the baby have his bottle this year. Also not sure what draymonds doing on the roster
Yeah but how profitable is the 100 thieves brand. Last I checked they were a laughingstock.
Well they have to produce their finances to their investors before they hop on board. I didn’t know they had a CS team and do other stuff besides CoD.
Sorry to hear that. You sound like a good parent. Just do your best and forget the rest.
The machine pistol got nerfed. It’s not very good anymore
Can we get some Germans in this thread
Your red name tag might have popped up through the wall to him
Use flanker
Lol so true Kobe was another notorious all star game tryhard
It’s because they’ve seen these guys play 1000 times. They probably get bored and start talking about other shit. Yeah they need to step down though
Tell that to the ppsh, it still holds its own with grip on at long range pretty well
If you want to run expeditionary and saboteur there are still a lot of good divisions and perks you have to give up like Armored/Hunker. You pretty much need those to hop on any objective
Are you sure? Can the primary fire button be programmed as a macro? I tried on the g502 and it’s literally impossible
Didn’t he already shit on Robert Wright twice on this topic? It’s starting to get really stale.
Golly gee willikers I wonder why you started with Game 1 of 2017. I wonder how the finals before that went for him. Probably super great I’m sure of it.
That’s enough /r/nba for me today
That’s called politics.
He was really buff too. And shredded.
I read the book. I classify it as a “must read”. It shines on a light on all the arguments and counter-arguments for immigration into Europe. I always thought it curious that when it comes to immigration, it’s almost never up to the people of that country who are voting for a policy. Politicians more or less sign on the dotted line without care of public opinion and the rest is history. It is truly a bizarre unraveling of these specific societies.
Oh. I was hoping to do something with all of these crowns.
Yeah I owned a G502 and tried to macro them. It is a stupid policy on Logitech’s part in an attempt to stop “cheaters”
Pacific Division Time! That's what I'm talking about baby! Californian master race!
I love the connection times. They are very fast. However, Half of the matches are ruined by either: quitters, AFKs, scrubby teammates, people with no mics and/or people who are eating half the time; come on, guys! This is how you treat a 4v4 MCC insider flight session?
I think overall he’s been the best player so far.
Probably the most polite way of calling Maajid and Ayaan dishonest Islamic traitors.
Crouching is working properly. Trust me. I understand the sentiment that you’re expressing but it’s working just fine. That how the games were originally.
I noticed that my mic would stop working after a few games while searching.
Yes in BTB I get at least two teammates per game who are AFK. Please for the love of god give people harsh penalties for AFK/quitting. I will never for the life of me understand those who start queueing but then wander off and decide to do something else. It’s an absolute epidemic.
Also BTB spawns seem a little off. I am often sandwiched between the other team on last resort.
#LeAmare #LeIdiot
I don’t see any FFA playlists so what exactly is going on here
Will there be FFA tomorrow?
Yeah unfortunately I miss playing public match FFAs on the MCC. It has been quite a while I must say. Maybe two years since they removed the FFA playlist.
My headshots were not connecting on SWAT (I have very good internet speeds in a high population area in the US) I’m disappointed to admit the hit detection in H3 SWAT, for whatever reason, is not good.
It’s because these championships were decided when KD signed on the dotted line. Very anti-climactic.
Why is everyone going nuts when they see the helmet? was there ever any doubt Chief would be in the game? He’s in every Halo 1-5!
I think it should be a fair fight between racial-partisans: Ta-Nehisi Coates v. Richard Spencer 😂
Im just glad he’s not one of those streamers who’s always playing shitty music or extremely loud donation/subscription sounds.
At least the teams were balanced in Summer League
He just dunked in the video so I’m not sure what you’re smoking, Lamar Odom.
I understand your frustration. He is listed at 6'4", so he should be able to throw it down a little more convincingly.
I think if you honestly asked LeBron to stand around the arc and catch and shoot, he could do so convincingly. He shot 37% in his four years in Miami and his stroke has improved since then. I honestly think he would shoot at around 40%.
Just gotta pray he doesn't get injured
He’s a dumbass haha
A little on the shitpost-y side of things
For the love of God Almighty, please make a FFA playlist for Halo CE and Halo 2 Classic at the very least! I beg of you! Please! I am willing to wait 5 minutes for a match! Don’t sweat the population numbers too much! I also want to show off my Spartan’s customized colors! And run solo matches when I don’t have a party.
The nba before the Warriors was truly magical.
It’s true though. The most hated player at the time by fans was probably LeBron, and even in the video you can tell he’s amicable/humorous/well-liked amongst his peers...pretty much the antithesis of the stars on the Warriors today. (Nobody likes Draymond (talks trash yet hides behind teammates skills), Steph is corny/showboat-y, and KD is bitchmade).
I just really want a way to play public H1 &amp; H2C FFA on Xbox Live. Those games were tailored for FFA Edit: not exclusively tailored for FFA (that would be a stupid opinion). What I meant was they were designed to work extremely well with FFA in mind. so much so, that they even held MLG FFA tournies regularly for H1 &amp; H2C back in the day.
I agree
Man if that’s the worst thing you can come up with then I’m Pretty sure we like him.
Idk about you guys...... but i am really disappointed in Sam lately. I mean he’s being so mean to that old guy 😢
Sam’s right. Salon and Vox don’t really care about the truth.
Definitely felt like a come-from-behind win. The SPLC was choking it every step of the way though.
All this stuff is all one big excuse on Kawhi’s part. He wanted to come to LA the entire time. Anything else he mentioned is a smoke-screen to make him not seem like a selfish superstar. For the record, I of course don’t fault him for wanting to come here or asking to leave San Antonio, but I think he had his mind made up by at least three months ago that he wanted to come to LA and possibly join up with another superstar like LeBron. He was looking at their young talent and cap room like this 👀
What purpose is being served by Jim Jefferies mentioning Peterson is quasi-Alt right or is loved by Nazis? This seems like an attempt to at least (dishonestly) discredit him somewhat. He’s pandering to a left-wing audience on left-wing network. Which are a little surprising to me since I’ve seen his major standup comedy events. He said the word Nazi like three times. That’s definitely something I wouldn’t associate with Peterson and I’m sure he’d rather spend more time talking about his actual views than what people accuse him of (which took up half/most of the segment).
The app has some problems. Sometimes my moments don’t show up and sometimes they do. It makes no sense.
Wtf he didn’t even brush his teeth
Now I can eat tacos in Russian!
For Flight #2, Hit detection in SWAT was, honestly, ass. It took a lot of self-control for me to not yell at the screen. Making players feel like that is exactly the one thing that will sink this game.
Boris Diaw the French Swiss Army Knife.
Nice work, man! But what does the XP have to do with testing out of levels?
It’s called MLG settings. Walk speed is 10% faster. I only dream of them making H3 MCC like this. Normal H3 makes me feel like I’m walking in sand.
So you received thousands of XP from testing out?
A lot of Sam’s detractors are subscribed to this subreddit. It’s quite a Bizarre phenomenon
I just want to say I joined this sub like three days before the controversy. It has been mildly interesting.
Is English not your first language? You seem to not know what the phrase “good at” means or are attributing motives to me I don’t actually hold. “Good at” has nothing to do with the attribution of right or wrong in this context.
Since your reading comprehension seems to be really poor, my point is that is that it wasn’t a genocide both, officially and unofficially, and that this meme is debunked because of that. You have also been responding like this to a few other other users in this post and also seem to be missing the point in those comments as well. Please seek help.
It’s low risk - average reward
My best guess you will see it more often.
Just sack up and list your top 15 players of all time. If you list Kobe over LeBron, Larry Bird, or Magic I am going to die laughing.
The jokes on him. Randle will be our stretch 5 with LeBron, Kawhi, and PG and Alex Caruso in crunch time
He was a great all-around player and he dunked on Jordan 3 times in the 1992 nba finals. You gotta be kidding me with this “killer instinct” stuff.
JR: “Cavs in 9.”
40 days played over 3.5 years. Not bad.
Wow 😲
Tony Parker during the huddles be like 👀
“Continental solidarity” 🤣🤣
The Guardian’s playbook: “Agree with us or we’ll call you a Nazi” SPLC: “way ahead of you, buddy”
The Color of the Halo 3 Armor is more pleasant. It doesn’t look too cartoony. While on the other hand, Halo 4’s armor looks washed out.
I prefer 1.3x speed. Otherwise it starts sounding comical /unnatural.
Yes, this is true. Douchebags play this game.
I think LeBron knows his general hesitancy throughout his career has hurt his team’s ability to get better players. For his first stint in Cleveland, a lot of stars didn’t want to join because they thought he was leaving in 2010. Now LeBron knows better
Draymond’s reaction: check out the court awareness! this kid can really play!
I gotta say, the juxtaposition of the picture of Italian immigrants to New York in the early 20th century when discussing modern Islamic immigration is pretty rich. Two sides of the same coin, right guys? 🤣🤣
Dude Kawhi is full of it. His mind was already in LA by January.
A lot more rigging by referees through players diving and soft-ass handballs.
They’re bringing spaghetti, ravioli, and lasagna. Italy isn’t sending their best cooks.
The knife should have a lunge within 5 feet
I can see why Kobe scored 60 on Hayward. Dude is weak and gets a layup to show up on /r/nba highlights for “support”
Black Ops 3 was the worst launch. I couldn’t even play the game the first week because I had to learn port forwarding and open all of my ports and some extra ones just so my NAT was open consistently. If it was moderate, they would kick me out of every server.
These are all semantics and i have a headache
The MCC was doomed to piss off everyone for many years to come because of the Halo CE and Halo 2 Vista ports. They games play different than originally intended and have had pretty catastrophic consequences. Shame on you 343i for releasing an unfinished game with lazy ports.
It’s hardcore...the weenie hut jr of CoD
Top 10 cod players by elo 1. Scampi 2. MarkofJ 3. Me 4. Elpresador 5. xJawz 6. KoreanSavage 7. TBNRfrags 8. Drift0r’s wife 9. Tmartn 10. JNasty720
Mods, you know what to do
Definitely not the best option. Those ports are a disservice to the originals and everybody knows it.
He got into coke about 5 years ago so I had to drop him down to 5th
Nice Strawman
First player in finals history to get so butthurt he walked off of the court before the game was over. Box score be like: Did Not Stay - bruised ego
Noel swatted the shit out of Blake. I haven’t seen many blocks like that in my lifetime.
This was on the Xbox 360 / Xbox One
I dropped a 49-10 TDM for my last match. It was wild.
Yeah I have a lot of playing time on MWR. I am 8th prestige on PS4 and 1st Prestige on Xbox One. It is a very fun game, especially split screen with friends, but in my opinion, the original is better because it has more predictable/tighter spawns.
When I meet a middle easterner who champions nickelback as quality music I’ll let you know.
On MWR people are pretty hard to see on some maps, especially district. Also on Crossfire, there are lighting/darkness issues. Someone could be hiding in a room or a corner and I won’t be able to see them because it’s so dark.
That’s cool man. I have unfinished business on MWR on PS4 because I was going for Exclusion Zone but I just gave up at some point. I sold my PS4 pro but hopefully someone will let me borrow theirs. I am itching to complete it at some point
What kinda weak shit is Ariza on? The media gets up a superstar’s ass any time he underperforms. (See: Westbrook and Durant every year in OKC; LeBron in 2011 finals, and about a million other examples)
I started playing CoD4 on Xbox 360 7 years ago and I just finished my first Prestige.
Yeah, per day, there are probably fewer than a hundred people in America on Xbox 360/Xbone that play, but you can still find a match.
"Yeah can I get a fish hamburger" lmao
The jokes write themselves
Teenagers be like “this is trash, put 21 savage back on”
According to thunder every CoD is the worst CoD. The guy’s entire channel is built on complaining and drawing like-minded individuals. Dude, getting noobtubed in MW2 was definitely the most frustrating experience of my CoD career. To this day, It never ceases to make me rage.
He bonga’d the other team’s mom
The real question is..... Is Kobe gonna pass the ball
He notoriously didn’t pass the ball in the 2004 nba finals because Shaq was doing better than him and would have gotten the finals mvp if they won. Yes, Kobe not passing the ball would be a real concern in this situation.
Well he’s got 3 players on the team better than him. Is he gonna get butthurt when they start doing well and not pass them the ball?
Yes people standby on MCC. 343i needs to enable IP masking or else it will keep happening
I have been watching the Lakers since 2001. Yes Kobe didn’t pass the ball and it hurt his team in many instances believe it or not
People like the playlist and most of the time it never comes back. And that sucks, in every game it happens to (Halo, CoD, etc.) The end.
Obama be like: Hunter Kill Drone Deployed
There’s something called a server browser and devs of console games ought to implement them.
But Kobe’s better than him because 5 rings 81 points, right guys?
Ed Malloy’s face when Tristan Thompson &amp; David West were kissing was priceless
Crouch slide to Gravity Slam gg Doggo
You didn’t really answer my question directly. Are you saying the map pack is enabled but the maps come up very rarely?
I would slap 👋🏻 all these cucks. Pass me the keyboard and mouse
I got it Nov 21. I didn’t even focus on it until the last week. Just be good at the game and play hardcore to speed things up a bit.
I didn’t play hardcore that much but I was still going for head shots whenever I could.
Y’all just mad cuz dude getting paid /s
I am in California. I played all Friday and Saturday nights. I didn’t get one match on a Variety Map Pack map.
I never remember the tiger guy’s name so I call him Crash Bandicoot
Still defended Bruce Bowen when he was sliding under peoples ankles #NeverForget #Hypocrite
Uh oh 🚨Steph-tard alert 🚨
Khan is an astonishingly shallow thinker, and she is fairly dishonest on many topics. She is the prototype of a boring, cookie cutter SJW guest. (white people = potentially dangerous; brown people/Muslims = misunderstood/oppressed...yawn)
What a spectacle that would be!
Chief = alpha male Noble 6 = beta cuck / loser
What typa gaming chair you rockin’?
The simplicity of people hiding in corners with Ghost and a silenced Galil...
YouTube comments be like “Yeah but he’ll never be better than Kobe 5 rings 81 points...specially after he CHOCKED in the finals”
I take exception to the insult weirdo...and I wouldn’t even say I hated it. It was just a bore. Definitely a great podcast to fall asleep to
Plus Curry CHOCKED in the finals
I don’t think that’s true. Some players in TDM are so bad that they don’t even earn their specialist ability once for an entire match.
I am pleased that 343i is proactive. Great work guys. I have been playing Black Ops 4 a lot, but you guys are raising my eyebrow enough to hop back on Halo.
I’m pretty close to Exclusion Zone Camo on MWR. Just need to complete 3 pistols, the Skorpion, and the M249 SAW. I could probably get it done in a 5-hour play session.
Hang ‘Em High. Mildly interesting: In French it’s called “Haut et Court” which translates to “High and Low”
He’s got the skills that pay the bills.
There's getting cucked and then there's that...
Yeah her ambivalence toward Maajid and his work was shocking. After that I couldn’t help but think “apologist coming in hot”
M16 is the god gun
Woj trolling the Lakers by tweeting some BS. Luke ain’t going anywhere
IW has no character. I don’t mean the actual characters themselves being wacky or kooky. Even Black Ops 1 had character that made you feel like you were part of the Cold War
For the most part I don’t care about campaigns or zombies only multiplayer
Pistons woulda got cucked in 89 if there were no injuries.
Because the settings in CoD4 MW2 and black Ops 1 and black Ops 2 weren’t all too fictional. They were recognizable regions/places on earth. And the guns were based on actual weapons. They weren’t laser guns.
It didn’t have character because It was so unmemorable. I must be 2nd or 3rd prestige and can’t remember almost any of the maps or the characters. Thank goodness MWR came out that same year.
They picked him as the punchline cuz he’s European/white. He’s also dead so he can’t defend himself
Just wanted to drop by and say F Woj
Yes, most of the good players seem to do it.
I must have the missed the part about a ranking system. Where is it?
Hey, 80% of the time it works every time
Ness and Mario have the most annoying voices in the game.
Any gamer who was worth a damn was a Halo guy. It took the most skill and strategy as a team-based console game. It mirrors 5 on 5 basketball in a lot of ways.
When? How often? Are Seaside Sunset and Firing Range Night included in the 12 maps?
You’re a little late to the party. As other users have informed me, there are two maps every 2 months or so.
She will win the lawsuit! Hooray!
“White Mamba deserves to be drawn and quartered” - Suns fans on/r/nba
It’s more meaningful to be worshipped for throwing a football or shooting a basketball?
RJ left out that Ninja was coincidentally one the best Halo players in his era as well
All 3 of these guys shoot 84% from the line and yet LeBron is shooting 72% at the line for his career. That’s pretty sad tbh
Wow bro you only play him twice a season and let him do that to you in the first quarter #RookieMistake #HitTheShowers
Could you please coordinate John Wall to shut his pie hole and shoot a basketball properly? The guy routinely gets dominated by other point guards after a pre game or locker room interview where he talks about how great he is.
It’s cool that you guys discovered that. I might try it soon.
I for one am very pleased to hear habitual quitters are no longer ruining the Halo experience for everyone else. Thank you, 2018 version of 343i!
Bruh a 4 second video...
Repeatedly crouching is an odd way of saying teabagging. Where do you think this act originated from?
Better shooter than LeBron. More clutch than Harden. And way younger than Buddy Hield.
See choice (b) for further details
KD thinks they’re passing it too much to scrubs like Draymond
Dude, you are a god
No, but I can tell you who's overrated: Kobe. He is routinely placed higher on the all-time list than players Dr. J, Larry Legend, and Hakeem "The Dream". Talk about ignorance.
It doesn’t annoy me, but it says something negative about the character of the perpetrator.
He’s no Shakespeare
This guy already got cucked twice by the rookie Luka Doncic. Stick a fork in him, he’s done.
Remember when he threw the ball off of Davis’s head and then banged the 3 in his eye? Man...Top 20 play of all-time
Two games in a row. Not two plays.
Adam Silver is not a team owner, and slaves didn’t get paid, LeBron, so the comparison is dubious at best.
In the American experience it goes like this: - If at least one of your parents/ancestors is from Europe you are white. - if you are even a little black (parent/ancestor from sub Saharan Africa), you are considered black (and NOT generally referred to as white); this is called the “one drop” rule So yes JJ Barea is white/Latino; Klay Thompson is black (with obvious white admixture)
A) people in party chat B) pros are reading and interacting with their twitch viewers C) some people think they’re so good that they’ll win without callouts anyway
He’s everything we thought he was.
Look at pics of him on Instagram standing next to other players.....yes he is about 6’4”
I thought the movie iteration of Soul Plane 2: The Blackjacking was better than the novel
Thanks for the tip. I’ll be sure to try it out.
He’s the first public figure to call him a bust. Yes I would say it was particularly brave to call him out like that. I mean, personally, I wouldn’t have done it. But Scottie woke up this morning ready to let it rip and that’s fine.
It’s because kids born in ‘95 and after started hopping on reddit the last 3 years. I call it the D’Angelo Russell generation. They pretty much ruined everything / spamming /shitposting
I was hoping his big ass would start averaging more rebounds. He’s bigger than some teams’ centers.
How can you have a main less than 24 hours after you bought the game
Dude doesn’t even deserve to pass out Gatorade to his teammates
“Ich bin ein Berliner”
Well at least unlock all the characters and try em out.
they concluded that he was a closeted member of the alt right waiting for his 15 minutes of fame /s
They’re there to make sure nobody disses Alex without repercussions
I think the spots where he’s shooting the 3s this year aligns with a player who’s trying to stretch the floor whereas last year he was only taking wide-open threes.
King Kuck Rules the day
Top 10 chokes in Smash Ultimate history
Pick the Belmonts and out-spam him/her
About 4 or 5 days
I pick Gatling guns
TIL Pop is a Communist
Link to the thread?
Yes I would keep it. The two games aren’t exactly the same gameplay wise. The remastered version is better in almost every way, but the original version has better spawns and better graphics (in terms of being easier on the eyes / brightness / contrast). I also think it has more character with its presentation. And last but not least, I have actually been able to play the DLC maps on OG CoD4 and NOT on Remastered (which has been a little disappointing)
Lol Murtaza Hussain 🤣
Hey Pop, can I have $10,000 for my remaining student loans? You wouldn’t want to be an ass, would you?
I remember when this sub wasn’t bashing whites as a focal point. I think around late-2015 was when the “woke” Twitter crowd discovered it.
Wow. I wasn’t aware that was a widespread practice. Certainly does raise some eyebrows.
I met Ryan Hollins in a barber shop. Chill guy.
Yes. I use it
No it was t underrated. It was quite appropriately rated while it was happening
DNP - too scared
Back in 2010 I met one of my now-best friends. He was a PhD student who was supposed to graduate 2011, but he finally completed it in 2015. Sounds like a lot of bologna is part of the equation
You didn’t beat the Knicks dumbass. Or the Lakers. We hate you because you’re a douchebag Draymond. Kicking, poking, sack-tapping and slamming people to the ground since 2012.
Westbrook bouta snitch out all the racist fans.
Tom would rather play LoL or CSGO than Halo 3
The headline doesn’t make any sense “Lakers 2.0”? What the hell are they talking about? The Lakers have had plenty of great teams.
What is a coryat?
“Lol the games you play have no bearing on how much you like the game” Good one Einstein
Draymond would definitely retire with zero rings
Lol of all-time? 2004 pistons and 2011 Mavericks are definitely bigger upsets. You could argue 2016 Cavs as well being an equally sized upset.
LeBron becomes a meme of himself. Even though his true shooting goes up he arguably gets more predictable. Kind of wish he would let more three pointers fly when the defender gives him space.
Why is it called a coryat?
Didn’t the girl that she beat up commit suicide?
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome aboard the newest member of the Kobrick Fan Club!
Perfect baseball slide into Korver’s knees 🤣
Lol this happens to everyone. It’s called growing up
Because Barkley’s Head is so pointy he makes it to 6’7”. Im not even lying. Look at that mugshot he has
2-0
Infection playlist?
I graduated from Google Search university with a PhD in 200 IQ. James Holzhauer and I were in the same graduating class.
How do you know that?
Thanks! I’m now older than the average Halo 4 fan in reddit years (7)
If it’s more than 0.0% but less than 5.0% you only get a ni🅱️🅱️🅰️ pass, not the real thing.
Fans: win a ring in OKC Durcant: nope
Halo 2 and Halo 3 team hardcore please add: xAlpha23 West Coast preferred Mic Required Serious player / Trying to improve / rank up
What’s your location? I’m west coast US. Gamer tag xAlpha23
Man the multiplayer was an afterthought thrown in at the last minute and the team was so small, but it became earth-shattering for competitive console shooters.
Name 3 countries better than America. Don’t worry, I’ll wait.
Comments like “America is trash” and “American history is terrible” are ahistorical and completely lack perspective. The commenter is not comparing American history to that of any other country or describing how they would have done things better given the time period. Such comments are generally unhelpful and worst, misleading. By our standards, People in general all over the world were terrible before the 1960s. To single out America is ludicrous. And I challenge someone to name 3 other countries who did a much better job given the circumstances.
Lol Hope you like &gt;90% white people (the #1 thing this sub complains about), hockey, freezing your butt off, And not speaking English on a daily basis. Also no NBA, NFL, MLB over there unless you want to wake up at 3AM to watch the games 😂
Yeah, and How much different is that from the history of almost any other country on earth? America was actually ahead of the game when it comes to abolishing slavery all things considered when compared to most of her contemporaries.
Do you like all those things?
That’s hilarious that you mentioned Japan because if you weren’t born in Japan it’s almost impossible to become a citizen. Also, the population is 97-98% Japanese. They have much more strict immigration laws than America. If you overstayed your welcome they would kick you out so fast it would make your head spin. Not a diverse Or foreigner-inviting place at all, and also not a realistic place for most people reading this comment to go and move over there. Also good luck learning the Japanese language and its 3 alphabets.
Not if you just make the map bigger for the sake of including sprint lol
Yes dude after the Halo Reach beta the pro players were begging them to not include sprint and bungie didn’t care. They told everyone to stfu and stop whining because they were putting it in no matter what to capture the Call of Duty and BF crowd
Again, another event almost every country in history has had
Do what better? Be whiter? 🤣🤣🤣 you got me there
Lol someone put LeBron at 10. LeHater alert
Was hoping serge’s Spanish would be better. That guy gets hyped up like crazy.
Already a more entertaining fight than mayweather v pacquiao
Does anyone have the inside scoop on whether it’ll actually be done by July 1?
Of course that scrub lost on her 3rd day It’s like in super smash bros when the guy whos not even gonna win gangs up on you and kills you.
Sick !?
Wow they play tested Halo 2’s multiplayer for two years and thought the noob combo was a good idea? Also SMG starts were terrible.
Wow warriors getting cucked on their home court before they close down that dump
He also gets so butthurt he walks off the court before the games even over last game. Also did it Game 6 2016 NBA Finals. The guy is about as sensitive as a 3 year-old when it comes to winning/losing. He’s a poor sport.
Tallest guy in Mexico
Gonna have to disagree with you there. You can’t read a book while driving (unless you have a self-driving car) but you can put on a YouTube video or listen to a podcast.
In the English-speaking world/tradition there are two continents: North America and South America. Also the United States of America can be shortened and called America. In the Spanish-speaking world the entire continent is referred to as America. So this meme is right but wrong at the same time, depending on how you look at it.
Who’s we? There are white Latinos.
Lmao the Olympics? 🤣🤣 I almost fell out of my chair reading this. The Olympics also does not recognize Taiwan as a country (they refer to it as Chinese Taipei). The Olympics are also not an academic organization. There are political and financial reasons th Olympics simplifies things to 5 continents In addition, The definition of a continent is arbitrary anyway. Is Australia really a continent ? You could just call it a really big island. Also Afro-Eurasia is technically one big contiguous land mass (see: continent). So why are you counting it as two continents? Aren’t there really only 4 continents then?
I guess my broader point is depending on where you were raised, the answer to the question “how many continents are there?” Is different, no one is necessarily wrong because the definition of a continent has some gray area.
Facts Hoping they would write NO SPRINT in big letters
I thought he was Mexican
Its because they started dickriding Durant and the warriors and also didn’t call out his soft ass move in 2016. To me, the show died in 2016 and that was the last episode I ever watched. That’s why viewership plummeted. Don’t spit in our faces and tell us it’s raining.
Top 5 overrated player in nba history. Yeah he is an all time great but his regular season numbers is him beating up on noobs. Once he met the Celtics in the playoffs his scoring numbers and efficiency plummeted damn near every time.
I went against Walshy in matchmaking. I am an ex-pro AMA.
Calling dudes bums is just wrong. I pay most of the time but sometimes I don’t.
I thought men and women were equal? Are you gonna call a girl a bum too for the same thing?
Zero. Probably because I didn’t see Chief kill any aliens.
MCC is 5 different games in one. Apples to oranges.
This video was a long time coming. MCC had its own saga of failure and mild success, so it was nice seeing a summary of all the shenanigans 343i was pulling.
I mean except for the needler, the game was/is pretty balanced. The pistol is a jack-of-all-trades but it’s not the best gun to have in any particular situation. If I’m within 15 feet of someone the AR is a great choice.
He actually earned his ring before Durant too.
In 1998 he was only ~30 years old.
LeBron’s dad was killed in the 90s. He was killed in a gang-related incident.
Derek fisher shot 52% from 3 for the entire 2001 playoffs. He was better than Fred VanVleet.
Will you guys retroactively refine the MCC version of Halo CE back to a true update to the original Xbox version? Both single and multiplayer? This is in regards to both audio/visuals and any multiplayer mechanics.
Because they are sadly misled or mistaken.
Hopefully they don’t push it back at the last second. That was an absolute disgrace the first time it happened.
I’m gonna call BS on that title. But congrats on 500!
Who are you voting for? Bernie?
Lol 74-year-old Bernie
I had the same exact thing happen on the same exact map / gametype.
What’s the tick rate at and why isn’t it 60fps?
Weird. Why is the hit detection so bad in Halo 2 Classic. I can’t seem to 4-shot people half the time. Sometimes at certain ranges the BR is a 7-shot!
Lol Reach wasn’t good. Not before the TU update.
I’m not sure why Woj described him as a third wheel. It’s Kawhi Leonard were talking about. Shit he might be the best player on the team if he joined. That is bizarre language to use. It sounds like pointed language to use to convince people and even Kawhi himself not to join the Lakers.
If LeBron were running the show he would have convinced AD to not take that trade kicker. It’s blocking the rest of the cap. Lebron also would have gotten his coach Lue.
1. LeBron 2. LeBron 3. Fred Van Vleet
It seems like you didn’t read the e-mail.
It seems like you didn’t read the email he sent Ogre 2.
“You can’t fire me! I quit!” Headass
Argentina, Uruguay also have a lot of Italians / central &amp; Eastern Europeans
He’s doing a background check on that guy for a job/sponsorship. If you lie on your resume and get busted you won’t get the job. This is true in all industries of life.
Who, Harden?
Dude he’s not even qualified to hold Hassan Whiteside’s jock strap /s
Money makes you do crazy things. You’ll turn into a completely different person. I used to watch his stand-up ~10 years ago. He was good.
Nice 👍 great choice of music
I don’t get out of bed for less than $800,000
They are going for achievements. I know this because I am seeing the same exact players game after game (3 to 4 FFA matches in a row) that don’t get kicked out of the matchmaking queue. They just touch their controllers every now and then do something else.
I am in California and I run into Aussies and it ticks me off. I shouldn’t be paired with someone almost halfway across the planet \#NoAussies /s
They had region locking and enough people complained about that that they had to change it to what we have today.
Halo 3 runs at 680p. The Xbox 360 was being pushed to its limits at the time. It’s a nice looking game but they had to make sacrifices
This is categorically untrue
At the time H3 was pushing the 360 it’s then-limits
Any time you have a console over the years, the last games to get released on it always look better than the earlier games because the devs find a way to harness its power. This has been consistent throughout video game history.
Yeah on PC. Land of the cheaters.
Yes most people in first place are probably cheating. There are still ways to cheat on DuoLingo
Because they are insecure bums
I think competitive Halo 5 was pretty good on launch. Few complaints like adding shotguns to breakout but overall they did a great job with competitive Halo 5
Halo CE and 2 actually are better than Halo 3. Halo Reach and 4 were both bad. Halo 5 was a few steps in the right direction.
Don’t forget Steve Blake and Robert Bowling
Polish got grouped in with a few other things.
On and off for 5 or 6 years. Here and there I watch videos.
Just talking about multiplayer
That’s my name don’t wear it out
The Flying Dutchman! Rik Smits!
June 23 is pretty late for the finals to end. People got summer vacation; they can’t sit around and watch the finals at home all June.
Definitely top 30. He has had an amazingly meaningless career when it comes to championships. Not in front of Curry that’s for sure.
the top 3 are Nash, Kidd, and LeBron
He pressed jump as soon as the grenade exploded for maximum hangtime
Sprint is pointless. They should get rid of it.
He farts 3 times actually: 1:05, 2:48, and 5:24. The guy is really stinking up the joint.
Hell yeah! Love watching beach lan! Would like to compete one day just for kicks.
People go to Beach LAN because they love playing Halo 1 on the original Xbox. Nothing more, nothing less. This “why show up? I’m not gonna win anyway” attitude misses the point entirely.
I played your video at 1.75x speed to cut down on the watch time. It was well-rounded and pretty good.
Jordan was a crisp $100 bill and Kobe was the counterfeit.
Wow what a disgusting KKK white supremacist
I see this comment all the time, and I would say it’s not exactly true. Halo 3 360 BR was bad online but for different reasons. Since they ported the game to 60FPS on Xbox One, there have been additional problems of bullets not registering, even on LAN. There have been quite a few videos made on this topic of 360 v XBone hit detection, and even on-host vs. off-host comparisons of both games. It’s worth looking into. Ask an old Halo 3 pro, they’ll tell you.
Halo 5 is a good game. They messed up by not including split screen. And there are way more choices when it comes to shooters.
You have to download the entire course to use it offline.
I would say Halo 3’s competitive scene is thriving. They have the HCS Grassroots program helping them stage tournaments with quite a few entrants. The competitive Halo CE community also has its own niche. Halo 5 overall I would say is the largest Halo community overall. It’s never too late to join in.
Made me lol
Live by the Bestbrook, die by the Worstbrook
Another KO delivered by Eric! Bravo 👏🏻
Mexico and USA are allies. They depend on each other quite a bit.
The joke is ambiguous. We don’t know which side Mexico is implicated to help merely based on that statement.
That’s weird. All I heard before the game released was controller players crying about how keyboard and mouse would be better.
But what was the point of assuming things and complaining before the game was even out? It was stupid and ended up being untrue. And now MnK cucks are on forums whining that theyre getting shit on. Either adapt or play a different game
Waaaah waaaah 😩😭
Boomers in the YouTube comments section be like: I miss the physicality of the 70s and 80s!! Great stuff Bobby!
Is Zach lowe pretending to be stupid? Kuzma is on the Lakers, and he is supposed to be our third-best player. He gets an appropriate level of media coverage. He also dated a Jenner so that is naturally going to boost the amount of attention he gets.
Yeah probably two levels below all star. One year away from being a star. Two years away from being an all-star.
Yes
Then why are you still here? Your Reddit account is only a year old (which is after the Charles murray podcast’s release), btw. Nice second/third account you got there 🤣🤣
Wrong. Ask any of the OGs who played all 3 at a competitive level, they’ll tell you. The Ogres, Walshy, Gandhi, Tsquared.
Sam is too brilliant to walk around for years and years taking orders from some senior citizen clown 🤡
I think he’s just pretending to be dense. I named names so he has nothing to say to that.
Who is most pros? I need names of these mythical pros you speak of who played all 3 at a competitive level that I didn’t already mention.
If you want even a chance of getting upvotes, you need to make coronavirus memes. It’s hot right now.
You think only white people enjoy despacito?
Back in 2015 my top 5 in 5 years was: 1. LeBron 2. Headband LeBron 3. LeBron with a sore back 4. LeBron with a little cold but not too bad 5. LeBron “Bronny” James Jr.
Ibaka is shorter than 6’11”. Gasol is almost 7’1”.
The guys measurements are pretty good and he is fast as shit. Not exactly a shocker. Just kidding, let me give Zach some credit though.
Trigger warning Sixers fans but they blew a 3-1 lead in the 1981 ECF to the Celtics by a combined 5 points in Game 5, 6, and 7.
He was essentially the “Kobe” of the 1960s and 70s. He was a high-volume scoring guard and won 8 championships on the Celtics.
Celtics fans be like “if we play like this every day, we will win the next 4 championships”
I’m a lifelong Lakers fan. You’re a lifelong Boston Losers fan; 1 ring in 30 years lmao trash 🗑
Add me for Reach and Halo CE xAlpha23 I am a decent teammate and I play to win and I call out.
He was considered an elite player. For example, He was going toe-to-toe with Kobe most of the time they played. He also played incredible those first round series in ‘09 and ‘10.
Kareem is the only player ever to win the MVP on a team with a losing record (40-42) (1975-76 Lakers). The guy was incredible. He is my clear cut 2nd GOAT, and LeBron is 3rd.
Hakeem maybe, but Dirk and Duncan? I don’t think so. OP is stretching the truth. Lebrons Coach was Mike Brown and hus second-best player was a rotating carousel of (take your pick) Larry Hughes, Drew Gooden, Mo Williams, or Big Z.
I call it the polyglot dilemma. A bunch of frauds who speak languages with terrible pronunciation and accents are the ones most likely to spam videos with clickbaity titles
Lebron and D Wade were both way too cocky in 2011. I’m glad they lost. I mean LeBron still is cocky but at least he is a complete player now. Back then he had no post game to speak of and had a basketball god complex. “Not 5, not 6, not 7...”
You’re just embarrassing yourself at this point. You claimed he was mediocre on post ups, and I pointed out he’s top-6 in efficiency (min. 2 post-up possessions per game) and that compares favorably to other star Forwards (not to mention the rest of the league). You then proceed to spaz out, ignore 90% of my argument, throw out Joel Embiid is better and pretend you don’t remember what you said. Yeah, great strategy. 🤣 Have a nice day.
You’re grading the ‘07 Cavs on a curve relative to their conference. OP is asking who is the worst team to make Finals appearance on an all-Time scale.
The 1981 Rockets went 40-42 and made the Finals. I think they were the worst by definition.
It wasn’t pure ass. You could at least respect that team defensively. But yeah when your 2nd best player on offense is Drew Gooden then that is a cause for concern. 🤣
Bruh! David Thompson invented Boing Vert!!!
I under where you’re coming from, but from a philosophical standpoint I feel that One day, we will reach a limit where the top 1% have a grotesque amount of money, way more than the rest of the masses and we start flipping out (100x? 1000x?) Compare CEO salaries to those of their employees. The disparity is huge and continually growing.
You’re right. Maybe not 1%. Maybe 0.1%
Bruh /u/mcpartlycloudy and /u/kentaviusCaldwelpoop are the same person. Both Warriors/Curry fans, multiple obsessive posts about how totally-not-good LeBron is at basketball, and recent posting commentary on post-ups. I’m sure the fact that he responded to my previous comment in about 20 seconds is also a big coincidence.
Yeah, Jordan got stabbed and shot every time he drove to the rim
You not a real hoopsHead then...jk. It’s a funny video, you should stick around though.
Not a great passer. Other than that he was as perfect as one could be.
Not impressed. Mike Bibby did this to the Lakers (2 + 2 = 4 points) in their prime to go up 2-1 in a playoffs series. When David Stern saw that play he called up his refs and told them what needed to be done \#ThreePeat /s it was a great play by Williams
YouTube comments be like: “Adrian Dantley would eat LeBron’s lunch!!!”
He’s top 5 in people skills per 36 minutes.
Southeast Asia
I don’t really agree with that last part; that is pure conjecture on your part. He would probably be 3-0 if he were in the West. The eastern conference is horrendous and would not pose a challenge whatsoever in a Finals Match-up. And as a proving ground LeBron played the best team in the finals so he’d probably have the same amount of rings. There are also many variables to consider as well. It sounds like you taking the Cavs and dropping them in the Western conference. The West is strong because its front offices are more organized and do a better job of creating great teams (compare the Cavs to the Texas teams, Lakers, OKC or Warriors). LeBron would be on a better-run organization and would thus probably have a better shot at even more rings.
Yeah If he played well they would have lost in 6. Which would still count as a loss. So that’s a moot point but Great try nonetheless.
I don’t think Elgin Baylor should count because he was not active when the Lakers won. I think he was injured and sat out the year if I remember correctly
*Kevin Durant begins sweating profusely*
UMK3/MKT totally dump trucks any other mortal Kombat. MK2 was also incredible.
Nice strawman and false equivalence. Not sure if you’re playing dumb, but unlike Iverson, LeBron has way more than one finals run worth mentioning.
Arsen Ilyasov is better than LeBron.
I enjoy the style of writing and the presentation. Kinda think these titles are misleading. Jordan was big in the late 80s as well. And it’s not like the West was weak in the 90s (however it sure was in the 80s) so titling it “the West’s resurgence” is a bit off.
This one ends in a draw! Fatality!
Respected NBA player for cash considerations, who says no?
Respected NBA Player is better than LeBron
Draymond with those infamous kicks we all know and love
Jared Dudley is better than LeBron.
In 50 years Kyrie will be looked at a martyr and everyone else in this thread will be considered a racist \#ThinkingAhead \#WokeBeforeItWasCool
Lol what did the white lady think was gonna happen? Keep your hands to yourself.
Dr. Fauci is better than LeBron.
I don’t mean to get sidetracked, but Bob Cousy would eat Steph Curry’s lunch 🥙🍴 /s
The series didn’t affect the championship outcome though.
RyaNoob is a god. He’s the Michael Jordan of Halo!
You have been banned from r/RyaNoob
Did UltraDavid actually get banned? Why? Also on a tangent, is SF5 gonna be at Evo? I’m so confused. I’m only seeing 4 games listed.
1. Bruce Bowen (wins by a country mile) 2. Zaza Pachulia 3. Patrick Beverly 4. Dellavedova 5. Draymond Green Honorable mentions include: Andrew Bogut and The kid who looks like Ted Cruz on the Jazz Also notice three of these players have been on the Warriors Edit: im moving Zaza higher on my list after refreshing my memory
That video didn’t even show another one of his greatest hits, when he was on the Bucks and he flails his arms and cracks his body backwards into Mirotic in maybe the most obvious attempt to injure someone of all time.
Don’t let this distract you from the fact that Van Vleet also outscored Steph Curry in Game 6
The first thing I noticed is that Zach Lowe and Rachel Nichols are pretending to be stupid in this segment with their counter-arguments because they (especially Rachel) are contractually obligated to protect and not be too critical of NBA superstars. T-Mac has no such qualms about holding back. Zach Lowe ought to be ashamed of himself for his performance in this segment. There no way in hell he personally, in his heart of hearts, believes the counter-arguments he was making to Tracy. He is way more intelligent than that.
Ok now address the other 80% of my argument. For some reason you don’t have the spine to admit the Warriors would have won Game 6. Besides Klay would feel better in the other games if he didn’t get injured.
This argument is a new level of absurdity. Your claim is the warriors didnt win every single game with Klay, so therefore they wouldn’t have won the series. 🤣 I don’t know if you’ve ever watched an entire series, but the team that wins the series doesnt necessarily win 100% of the games. for your sake, I hope you’re trolling and not struggling mentally.
Lakers Film Room is better than LeBron!!! Congrats friend!
The Cavs beat the 73-9 warriors anyway 🤣 thereby negating your point
2016, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011, 2010 were all legit finals. The warriors rings and the raptors ring are the main ones with asterisks. If Klay thompson didn’t get injured in 2019 I honestly would take the asterisk off, but now we’ll never know.
You mean on the same play Ginobili traveled driving to the hoop?
Bruh Rasheed Wallace terrorized the Lakers for a decade. He was an incredibly skilled and versatile PF/C both offensively and defensively. In 2000 he was the best player on a Portland team that almost came back 3-1 on my Lakers; they had a historical choke the 4th Q of G7, thank god. In 2004 Finals, he was the final vital piece on the champion Detroit Pistons team that shellacked us in the finals. In 2010 Finals, in Kendrick Perkins absence, Rasheed started Game 7 for the Celtics and splashed a bunch of 3s and almost pulled off the victory. I couldn’t believe what I was watching! No way that this old fart was going to steal this Game 7 from us with his last dying amount of energy! Hard to fathom that he could pass as a starter on a championship-caliber team from 2000-2010!
Yeah in 2015 finals, no Kyrie after Game 1 or Kevin love. Poor LeBron :(
And there you have it. I think this is the end-All be-all proof that’s James Harden is better than Julius Randle.
Agree to Disagree. I mean, which teams would you say have cheated?
Of course it doesn’t change that fact, but rather it’s the other side of that same coin. I think if LeBron had played on any of the western teams I’ve mentioned in my previous post his whole career he might have the same number of rings (maybe more), but fewer finals appearance. For example, If Giannis wins a ring this year, I won’t complain that he plays in a weaker conference to try to discredit him (see: LeBron detractors). The weaker conference argument is not worth all that much because Milwaukee did not have a notable front office / team when he got there and was not successful at attracting free agents. Also, players have never felt they could win a ring there (until now probably). Giannis/LeBron were the heart and core of their respective eastern conference teams. As a side note: I’m not a fan of conferences anyway. I think they need to get rid of them. I would like more variety in playoffs series tbh.
Ok, this is where you have discredited yourself and exposed your anti-LeBron bias. I guess I should have known given your unhinged responses. According to you, LeBron played punching bags in the East ( including the Big 4 Celtics 4 times, Pistons, 60-win Bulls and Hawks) for 15 years, but Giannis, oh, he definitely has had to play / will play against hard teams! His ring is totally legit!! Btw Kawhi isn’t in the East anymore 🤣🤣 Yeah, you are completely deluded.
I’m not gonna spend all afternoon arguing with some dude with an anime profile pic who’s moving the goalposts with each follow-up reply. Especially with that last gem 💎you exposed yourself with 🤣🤣 Have a good one.
Kareem’s son, Adam, needs a warning label when he goes out in public! But in all seriousness, I agree with Kareem on this one.
Barbershop GOATs 1. Kobe 2. TMac 3. Iverson 4. Carmelo 5. Jamal Crawford 6. Monta Ellis
I can’t say for sure, but I think it’s because per possession there was less running and energy expenditure on defense. These days there are shooters on the floor, and you have to chase them around since they are spread out so far. There’s also more running involved to come out and meet a jump shooter. That’s why minutes per game averages around the league have dropped. Players need a rest! And yes the pace was higher in the 1960s when Wilt was averaging 48 minutes per game, but that only reflects the up-and-down-the-court possessions being shorter, which is not what I’m referencing earlier in my comment.
Call him Kevin McCanceled!
They’re both consensus top-10 players in NBA history. They both get a lot of sh1t for Losing. I think Wilt’s losses are more egregious because his stats actually went down in big games / playoff series whereas LeBron’s production generally improved in the postseason. Also lebrons finals losses at the hands of the warriors can’t really be held against him since his team was significantly inferior (‘17 &amp; ‘18) and/or injured (‘15). Fans understand the context to a LeBron loss than a Wilt loss obviously. I know it’s a small sample size but Check out how many Game 7s Wilt lost and his production in those games and compare them to his regular-season averages. Someone correct me if I’m wrong, but I believe Wilt was (4-5) in career Game 7s and (0-2) in the Finals in Game 7. He was also (0-4) in Game 7s against his biggest rival, Bill Russell and the Celtics. They were some excruciatingly close losses as well and were Not his finest performances. LeBron is (6-2) in Game 7s for his career. He is (2-0) in Game 7s in the finals. He is (2-2) in Game 7s on the road. This demonstrates that when both teams are relatively evenly matched, LeBron raised his level of play and rose to the occasion, and Wilt didn’t. Also I’m sure if compare their production in elimination Games and you will see a similar trend. Wilt’s shortcomings in the postseason more closely resemble those of James Harden than LeBron I would say. Wilt is a better player than Harden obviously, but their habit of underperforming is similar. I believe Harden has time to turn this trend around and has a good chance to win a ring as the legit first option.
You’re goalpost moving because the title of your thread is “why is LeBron excused for his lack of success but not wilt chamberlain?” Let’s ignore the fact that I don’t even agree with the framing of your opening question and that LeBron’s career achievements sum up to “a lack of success”. The body of your post is then you drawing an equivalence between the two players. And after my first post, your response to me is “why was wilt considered a choker when he averaged an extra point in elimination games?” You ignore the 90% of my argument, so I have no idea what your thoughts are on what I just said or whether you care. This clearly comes off as you trying to “win the argument” as if it’s a court of law and not honestly engage my points. Remember: The topic of your thread is not “was Wilt a choker?” I actually never even called him a choker anywhere in my post, but that’s not the point. LeBron is considered better than Wilt because LeBron was clearly superior to Wilt in the postseason, with regard to individual production (just as a rough indicator, their playoff PER: 22.7 v 28.3), as a team player, as an elimination game performer, and in straight up Finals MVP / ring Counting comparison. On top of that: Even by the criterion of elimination Games, LeBron is still raising his level of performance way more than Wilt did. Actually mentioning the measly extra 1 point by Wilt is almost laughable in an elimination game setting, 😂 😂so I guess I learned something worthwhile. If you consider this is as proof that Wilt balled out, then more power to you. I’ll leave off with this: LeBron averaged 35/10/8 in Game 7s for his career, a huge increase above his regular season career average of 27/7.4/7.4. In elimination games: LeBron averaged 34/11/7/2/1, WAY higher than his regular season averages. You clearly have some time on your hands, and I don’t think it takes a statistician to determine who was the better player in the playoffs, in elimination games, in NBA Finals games, and in Game 7(s).
This is the change society needs for me and my fellow middle easterners to finally make an NBA roster.
I think you still need a nasty jump shot and crafty footwork to be GM of the Lakers. How else do you think Rob Pelinka got the job?
Bruh I got top 32 at Evo (at a side tourney with 30 contestants). you cant talk to me like that.
It seems like Ezra Klein went to the Omer Aziz school of argumentation.
Bynum is better than Kobe....at clanking 3s
Dude he’s stronger than embiid, skinnier than Jokic, younger than Pau, and a better free throw shooter than LeBron. I have no doubt that Raptors will repeat as NBA Champions with him leading the way.
Apparently they were a terrible 4th Quarter team.
OKC would definitely have a ring by now if they don’t make the harden deal! Ah, well, too bad!!
Eh, agree to disagree. Even in informal situations you is perfectly normal.
Bruh our team without LeBron sucks ass. Rondo and Caruso are our point guards for 48 minutes for crying out loud. I would definitely take the Bucks in that scenario.
Scorpion is the Ryu and Ken of Mortal Kombat.
Jamiroquai is one of my favorite artists all-time
I am going to need some citations on his shooting splits being below average from all of those ranges. That seems to be the crux of your argument. The short answer is given that three-pointers are so much more prominent these days, I think he is mainly focused on threes or driving to the basket and isn’t great at jump-shooting or putting up floaters from anywhere else.
After the donation, UCLA be like: Kevin Love carried LeBron all those years.
Wilt was drafted in 1959, not 1960
What season was this? 1999-00?
Lawrence Frank was spotted at a ton of Raptors home games in 2018-19. He put in hella work to seduce Kawhi.
You could say the same for Kawhi going to LA
I think he’s better than LeBron, he just hasn’t gotten a fair shot to stay on the court because James harden keeps hogging the ball and forces Kenneth to get rebounds if he wants playing time \#CancelHarden
He was a little shit teenager from France when he came in the league. He then grew up into a shit adult with an old guy yelling at him in practice for 17 years straight. the Spurs then “de facto” traded him to the Hornets to appease Kawhi (spoiler alert: didn’t work) because they thought he hurt his feelings. What more do you want to know about him?
It was a de facto trade fam. Spurs told him to take a hike
Agree to disagree. The Spurs management can be close to him and still tastefully tell him to take a hike for the betterment of the team.
I think you might be in denial on why Parker left San Antonio. It’s ok to be frustrated.
Is that why they were in such a hurry to show Kawhi that Parker was gone?
Gregg Poppovic held one last in-person desperation meeting with Kawhi on June 19, 2018. Free agency began July 1 and then Parker signed with Hornets on July 6, 2018. After begging Kawhi and showing him “hey look TP is gone” he still said no. After searching the NBA landscape and still seeing no good trades (and also refuse to trade to the Lakers), the Spurs kept begging, but then finally traded him to the Raptors on July 18, 2018 for a clearly inferior return.
TP actually signed with the Hornets 5 days after free agency started, not “a month” as you put it. It’s ok to be frustrated to see your franchise implode like that even after telling TP to take a hike.
Them begging Kawhi for a month in the summer is completely unrelated to their upcoming season’s roster?
Keep up the good work
LeBron is a joke! If he played in the 90s, he would get locked up by John Starks, Dan Majerle and Craig Ehlo!
Ok so your phrasing is now slightly different to be more charitable to LeBron than it was in your original post. I think you should just post the numbers yourself instead of just summarizing it as “4 out of 5 are below league average”.
OP never claimed he wasn’t a good shooter, at least not explicitly
He uses it in the sentence “The Anglos”. In that case, he is not using it as a prefix, he is using it as a stand-alone plural noun. Be sure to read before chiming in.
Tim Duncan played elite defense too while averaging more PPG than Kawhi that season (they played the exact same number of minutes). I would bet Klay’s toaster you didn’t know that.
After I countered your poorly thought-out argument in about 5 seconds, you call it “getting in a tizzy” 🤣I have to say, you’re not very good at this. Don’t quit your day job, amigo.
Uh huh. Whatever helps you sleep at night, señor.
I don’t even agree with your definition, but even assuming it’s correct, you ultimately have contradicted yourself bringing up “The Anglos” since Jon Jones is black. You somehow checkmated yourself. Well done, sir. 👍🤣 You also somehow even double-contradicted yourself with your presented definition of Anglo-America not having a racial aspect, but your definition of Anglo here does in fact include a racial aspect of being white, despite the existence of: -White american people whose native language is not English but learned it in an English-speaking American country And -non-Whites whose first language is English or who grew up in an English-speaking American country
Your goalpost-moving, dodging, and dishonesty was unimpressive, but the self-contradiction and Wikipedia copy-paste was good for a chuckle. 🤣
Thank god for a hardcore montage. Stormy is that dude
Wrong again, Bob. Don’t quit your day job, Mijo.
Halfway through the guy starts rapping in the style of Rap Snitch Knishes by MF Doom and the background beat is even a knock off of that song. I never noticed that before.
The dude is a total faker
The same reason any other language program doesn’t exist until it does. Not enough coders stepping up to the plate to create it. Simple as that.
MvC2 is my favorite spectator game of all time. DBFZ didn’t even match 1/10th the excitement of MvC2 or 1/2 the excitement of MvC3. Boring game.
