&gt; I honestly think blockchain is best for currency. Agreed &gt; It allows data to be secured by greed (mining) This is tangential to security. It is more about coin distribution and it is questionable if this is actually the most desirable/fair method of distribution. &gt;assurances that in order for it to be compromised, it would take an unreasonable amount of money &amp; energy. Agreed, though quantum will compromise virtually all blockchains at some point. &gt;I think success rates will only improve if throughput is improved, while maintaining the assurances that it is unlikely to be compromised. Which is why I think DAGs are so promising (e.g., IOTA and NANO). I don't think proof of work is anything more than first generation thinking--these are the Model Ts of blockchain.
How is local government bigger than the federal gov’t? Name one way it is?
Sometimes local power is abused, therefore take freedom to govern from all states, counties and towns? How else do you want to infringe on the rights of individuals because of some bad apples?
&gt;Sometimes yes. Was it wrong for Eisenhower to use federal troops to allow black children to go to school in Little Rock Arkansas just because the local government did not want them to? Arkansas was defying a constitutional decision made by the federal government stemming from our original sin of slavery. There is little overlap with Net Neutrality that would suggest society sees these issues as freedom analogs. As evidence, the people who are against racial integration are the same ones against net neutrality.
Local government doesnt want 12 companies digging up main st.
So centralize power with untrusted people? That’s “libertarian”??
And get punished for it again and again.
&gt;Why do people mourn?
&gt;Part of good management is making room for talent in your system. Mo Salah is possibly the third most talented player in the world. Chelsea couldn't realize that talent. Not a good precedent. You are saying this with the benefit of hindsight. Salah was given playing time and all he would do is dribble down the right, with his head down, never looking up, and then sky a shot. He was a pace merchant who sadly insisted on being a solo artist. This was an iconic moment for Salah's time at Chelsea (from his wiki): &gt;On 28 October 2014, in a 2–1 win at League Two club Shrewsbury Town in the fourth round of the League Cup, he took a shot that went so far off target that it went for a throw-in. There was no interacting with Hazard, one of the greatest players of his generation. There was no crosses to forwards. He was completely out of touch with the system. Mourinho was clearly livid that Salah wasn't even trying to conform to the system. Salah needed cold water splashed on his face to become the fantastic player he current is.
You've made your position clear. But sure, have it both ways. This is the right sub for such behavior.
I can't speak for CHO but this feels like a ploy to increase an offer. And it will probably work. He is 18 years old. No top team would be willing to commit him to a starting role. Even more proven starlets like Sane have to earn their playing time.
&gt;As a goddamn communist, I know PLENTY of marxist-leninists and Trotskyists (forgive my spelling) who vote democrat all the damn time. If you oppose capitalism and still vote for capitalists, you might be a capitalist. Just a thought. I know people can rationalize just about anything but this seems pretty straightforward. &gt;And republican corporatism is certainly compatible. Won't deny that. More than compatible. Virtually the same thing minus the death camps. &gt;Sure, republicans **never** denounce nazis [you are clearly being sarcastic] I never said Republicans don't denounce Nazis. I said they don't do it unequivocally which you AGREE WITH. Evidence: &gt;Not going to include Trump's denouncement because I found it to be extremely weak and read like a prepared statement he didn't even want to say. BTW, the real difference is Trump and Republicans encourage and hint at violence. Democrats never come close. It is a huge, massive difference in how they communicate before an event and after an event. Condemning violence should be easy but for Republicans such a massive amount of their base wants to kill Democrats, liberals, gays, trans, blacks, mexicans, socialists, communists, trade unionists, etc, THEY LOSE VOTERS BY CONDEMNING VIOLENCE. &gt;Being beaten by the nazis is nothing to be ashamed of, how incredibly rude of you to imply that. I am not implying anything of the like. I am saying factually that antifa failed to stop the rise of Nazis. Period. This isn't up for debate or revision. Ergo, you've voluntarily adopted the name of a group that failed to stop the Nazis. Lets add to this a bit. Antifa wasn't a word in the American lexicon until 2016. Why is that? Was it because people like you didn't exist in the US? Absolutely not. You guys were political active in fact. But you went by other names--anarchists as a singular example. Where did this antifa thing come from? It came from the Nazis who saw they were on the rise as a way of belittling those who oppose them. &gt;Also we didn't "accept our label," we gave it to ourselves. We're proud of it. It's who we are. I am anti-fascist. I am a supporter of Anti-fascist action. Great, then call yourself an anti-fascist. Just don't call yourself antifa. It is the same number of syllables phonetically. Use a dash if you have to shorten it on the Internet. Don't use a German word. Or do, I will just keep calling you out for it. &gt;Literally go talk to a republican and ask them what they think about nazis. I do it all the time at college, there are plenty of right wingers around. By and large they are disgusted. They are disgusted they call themselves Nazis because they know Nazis are bad. They aren't disgusted by their goals. Ask a Republican if they are nationalists. Most them happily admit to that these days if they aren't over the age of 40. &gt;I don't call em fascists because I don't want to help build the "Us vs them" narrative that fascists use to try to pull them in. If I have to fight alongside a republican or, god help me, a libertarian, I would in a heartbeat. Neat fantasy. But you won't be fighting next to either any time soon. And when you do, they will all be former Republicans and former libertarians who will have their own rationalization for why they were the good guys the entire time. Single issues like guns, abortion, religion, will top their list.
I think they are objectively worse than ever. Not because they were directly nerf, but because TP scrolls got "buffed". I still will buy BoTs late game but I am not in a rush to replace my boots now, that is for sure. Usually other items like moonshard are better to prioritize unless BoTs are the win condition item. Right now you basically buy BoTs and keep your old boots and only swap them when you need to BoT somewhere or if you need to speed the cooldown timer. Personally I'd like to see BoTs replace TP scrolls in your inventory but Icefrog has his reasons I am sure (I get some people won't like not being able to abuse TP scrolls and BoTs not sharing a CD timer).
&gt;he doesn't really lose possession and is really good at recycling the ball RLC is good at this, he is just less good [than Kovacic] at finding his defensive position in transition should the ball be lost. Barkley has problems with all of these things, but he is more direct and a better shot at distance. He also loses the ball more easily than both when pressed.
You are forgetting Pulisic is American so his current ability calculated by multiplying it by 80%.
Anything in the civil rights era such as drinking at the same water fountain. More recently, universal healthcare, gerrymandering, electoral college reform.
Of course you are tired of arguing. If you think us “resist” liberals are so awful because we don’t allow nazis to define who we are, you aren’t in for a good time. You need to outplay them on every part the the battlefield, not just the rinky-dink street screams.
Nor should he unless there is an injury.
Fake submissions aren't going to write themselves.
It isn't the most intuitive.
I still interpret that as being in it for the intrinsic value which is another way of saying money.
When alt-look in FPP mode?
He should start over Jorginho in games Jorginho will be man marked out of.
Alt-look is not free look. I don't know what to tell you. Have you played FPP in other battle royale games? I am worried you don't have the context for what is being requested. It sounds like you are confusing TPP free look with FPP alt-look.
Republican projection approaches infinity.
It is in PUBG (FPP mode). Run in a line. Hold alt. Look left or right. Works the same in ARMA and DayZ. Blackout is a pretty awful version of a BR game. PS: I completely agree. How can ROE not have this feature and want to be considered a serious alternative for those who play FPP?
Technically they on average die fast enough they are subsidizing your healthcare.
TBF, usually sass is compliment of white women. It is all in the inflection as to whether it is a compliment or insult towards woman of color.
So you are just drying bodies to burn them instead of using an accelerate? That just seems kind of a lot of effort with little extra payoff or intimidation factor. Sort of indicates weakness since you spend your time frivolously on an extra body burning step.
You can invent whatever fantasy you’d like. You’ve been doing that this entire thread.
Having played PUBG since early access, where is this fantasy coming from that school had high loot? It always had some loot, but it certainly was never the best place for loot.
You speakth the truth.
Us old fogies who played original quake/doom can compete with high twitch players in battle royales so it crosses generational lines.
I am not disagreeing with you, but it is a fact that the map is bigger, slower to traverse and has less vehicle spawns.
The latter being morally worse and more costly to taxpayers.
Partnerships is just another word for giving away free/discounted coins to insiders. That isn't going to help NANO nor is it is a good use of the developer fund.
&gt;It's all RNG Yes, I said that and you read some backstory into it. &gt;Miramar isn't that bad, it's just Erangel that's absolute crap. The playerbase disagrees. I know reddit it fight to the death over this but people like Erangel. &gt;not doing the game any favours considering that it's dying as it is. Its dying because of the development team, not Erangel's loot tables no matter how much you want to believe it.
We only call them nazis because the American reich hasn't formally announced themselves.
Republicans for generations have talked about running government like a business.
Republicans are willing give up on democracy faster than they are willing to give up power.
IT ISN'T A CLIP, IT IS A MAGAZINE. BUT NOT A PERIODICAL LIKE TIME OR NEWSWEEK. IGNORE THE FACT THE DICTIONARY DEFINES CLIPS AND MAGAZINES AS SYNONYMS AND THAT A GUN MAGAZINE IS THE FIFTH DEFINITION OF MAGAZINE. IF YOU SAY CLIP YOU ARE STUPID AND SHOULD JUST SHUT YOUR HOLE ABOUT MASS SHOOTING EVENTS SINCE YOU COULDN'T POSSIBLE UNDERSTAND THE LOVE BETWEEN A MAN AND HIS GUN. ALSO LIMITS ON MAGAZINE SIZES DON'T MATTER ANYWAY BECAUSE I HAVE AMAZING SPEED WHEN SWITCHING OUT MAGAZINES IN MY MASS SHOOTER FANTASIES. Later, unironically: DAE HATE VIRTUE SIGNALERS???
This was the area they basically field tested ahead of the Sanhok release.
Knife kill makes this clip watchable.
&gt;I'm not sure how many representatives we would have if were to uncap it but that would greatly drive up costs and make it more difficult to manage. You mean for the lobbyists, right?
Whenever I am the pos4 and I buy wards, there is a greater than 50% chance the pos5 stops buying wards.
/r/embarassedrepublican
If one was to min-max status resistance, how would one do that on the cheap and on the expensive (including hero skills, not just items)?
&gt;Yes, genocide became an imminent threat when Hitler rose to power and began to discriminate against all non aryan people Cool now we have something to compare Trump racist policies to... &gt;do not compare Donald Trump to Hitler Oh shoot, I guess we can't. Let me know how and when I can exercise my freedom of speech accordingly.
&gt;Upon reflection, I also would like to note that that stance seems rather extreme. That before I can act, people literally need to be exterminated. So I will concede on that front. That's all I needed. Cheers!
It sounded more like he accepted that Kevin Hart is a person who evolved his understanding in the progressive direction on a particular issue of intolerance.
Things can't be largely true if there are exceptions?
I am reading your link and can't find language to support your statement. What specifically are you referencing? All I see a line about suing being allowed if the stated reason for your pardon was an unjust conviction and: &gt;[the person] did not commit any of the acts charged or his acts, deeds, or omissions in connection with such charge constituted no offense against the United States, or any State, Territory or the District of Columbia, and he did not by misconduct or neglect cause or bring about his own prosecution.
These rights are self-evident. You don't need an authority figure to give you the green light to push back when they are infringed upon. If you've waited for devastatingly tyrannical government to be imposed on the US before taking action, you've waited too long for a peaceful solution to work.
No court is going to look kindly on a pardon stated to be for an injustice if there is no due process behind it.
I am excited to see the grip analysis.
I never said otherwise so kind of silly to call that "deflection" and act like this is some sort of gotcha moment. The real problem is you don't a usable definition of tyrannical government so you have an excuse to never deliver until the boots are on throats which will always be too late and require a much more devastating conflict to overcome.
Hazard has blistering pace, he just either does make runs are we don't deliver balls for the runs. Willian has pace but then he needlessly slows the attack to do his two moves.
The new Hillary Clinton to demonize for being a woman with ideas beyond the kitchen.
** Social democrat
A strong maybe. If your time horizon is years, then sure.
&gt; Any libertarian that doesn't 100% agree with everything I think isn't a libertarian! e.g., why libertarianism is unpopular and hopeless
Why don't we get it like at level 1 when we prestige? The traits seem like they could use a revamp it terms of when they are accessible on your bloodline.
It also uses a medium slot is fantastic with the quartermaster trait so you can bring a large weapon that has range.
This website doesn't load properly which is concerning.
I'd buy this if I wasn't already informed that you have to keep fanbases physically separated in a stadium to avoid them from literally murdering each other on the regular.
This is the only way it makes sense.
In other words, BTC is dinosaur tech.
I don't get what this has to do with NANO. The NANO subs have a consensus position that Coinbase won't cause a pump and if it did it would only be followed by a larger dump like so many other coins. More people are excited about Brainblocks developing their on/off ramp solution for the vendor community.
That's because the cost of killing poor people through negligence was cheaper than the profit that could be made by rich people exporting staple goods. Free market worked perfectly.
I don't like it on aesthetics, outrage is my only accessible currency in this economy, I have no ability to appreciate historical context or nuance, and ultimately this song reminds me off the vast depths of my crushing loneliness and inability to sustain meaningful contact with other human beings. ^^^^^^^^^/s
Holy crap, this is so succinct.
Free look changes the angle/perspective. Alt-look in FPP is just turning your head.
He made appointment to the Supreme Court under questionable circumstances because the justice holds the legal opinion a sitting President cannot be indicted, which would be a dramatic expansion of presidential power. This, as you know, appears to be a direct response to the allegations the President has committed at least one, likely numerous, felonies and Constitutional high crimes and misdemeanors during his campaign and continuing on into his Presidency. As it stands, Trump is in all likelihood an unindicted co-conspirator referenced in legal documents as Individual 1. This is of course isn't including the norms and traditions Trump has flaunted such as not providing his tax returns for public scrutiny and not divesting himself from conflicts of interest.
Of course Obama told us what he wanted to change and people supported him for it. Trump ran on a platform of change and people projected their own views on to him while telling the rest of us we were the ones misinterpreting him.
You appear to be making a false argument about objective meaning of the word faith. Might I suggest this is symptom of making a concession to irrationality and then utilizing your mental faculties to protect that conceit?
You are making a political comment regarding the persuasiveness of this argument. I concede you are likely correct for many theists with ossified beliefs. That said, the truth remains true whether people believe it or not. Objective facts don't change based on their popularity.
Just reminds me of the long history of theists accusing people of being witches based on hearsay and circumstantial evidence. I think many would still prefer that method as long as they were the ones making the accusation.
The relevant international treaty was ratified by the US Senate in 1997. If these were US citizens in the US it would be legal, but since this was a "violent conflict" against "foreign invaders" as the President put it and used in non-US territory the US government has admitted to violating Article I (5) of the Chemical Weapons Convention.
&gt;an action or opinion given through inadequate use of reason, or through emotional distress or cognitive deficiency
The Border Control snared more than 3000 immigrants in one day last week. They should be able to do the same without violating international treaties or mass murdering when it comes to hundreds.
All I know is the caravan took like 3 months to get to the border. How much lead time does the border patrol require so they don't need to resort to violating international law and harming children?
I apologize if I left the impression my comment was of a personal nature. In my mind, it was only about the hypocrisy of the argument.
You didn't answer the question.
&gt;But it's the first, and only, place your mind has gone while searching for examples of 'why theists believe what they do'. It may have been the first but it certainly wasn't the 'only'. And you tell me if you concede that most theists become theists as children which is entirely authority driven. Children typically don't become theists in a vacuum. Exceptions to every rule, yadda yadda. &gt; &gt;would suggest the only ones left are the ones that can't be easily disproven then. &gt; That's... what informed belief looks like, yes. Informed by what? If I say a teapot is orbiting Venus just beyond the reach of our best technology, you can rightly laugh at the assertion. If you say God exists, with exactly the same amount of evidence as the teapot assertion, why is your view "informed"? &gt;atheism entirely fails to provide a foundation for meaningful existence Nor does it claim to do so. If your point is a sweet lie is better than an unknowable truth, I understand but would point to that as the concession to irrationality.
I suppose you also wont accept that he's failed at expanding the power of his office, not due to a lack of trying (like shutting down the border), but due to his sheer political incompetence as the chief executive.
&gt;It's pretty ignorant for you to think the BP intentionally "gassed children." Are you saying the border control agents who gassed children are under some other form of duress? Who is forcing them to gas children other than the politicians who subport themselves to the President? &gt; non lethal less lethal is the actual term. Still means lethal. &gt;Do me a favor and storm the border of Canada I guarantee they won't gas or shoot me. And I am sure you don't have enough money to make this bet worthy of my time.
You are saying the judiciary isn't relevant to constraints on Presidential power. You are openly opposing the rule of law and the US Constitution.
They aren't lesbians after they *feel* the vibrations my souped up Honda Civic makes. I am pretty sure I can't pass a smog test right now.
Which they are in turn punishing you for using because it splits the playerbase.
How much Fox News and right wing radio to you consume on average a day?
People calling me out for supporting objectively horrifying policies like tear gassing children and family separation are victimizing me!
Hannity is either a journalist or an entertainer depending on which answer best fits his current (legal) narrative.
These two things look exactly the same to me.
Only if BTC is going up.
Hazard hasn't scored in like half a dozen games himself.
No, it is just an increased tax on our children.
Obama FY2017 budget had a deficit of $672 billion. In one year later under Trump and the entirely Republican controlled Congress, the deficit ballooned to $1.233 trillion dollars. Do libertarians really think these two numbers are the same?
A lot of Chelsea fans don't undertand Alonso's role on the team or the overall team tactics so they just assume Alonso is at fault for any attack down the left flank.
Yes, I am saying Obama did a fantastic job cleaning up Bush's mess. Which part is confusing you? My crystal ball says this is what will happen after Trump leaves office and an adult is back in charge of the White House.
Friendster vs Myspace vs Facebook
Seems like all of those have no volume while lacking listings I would have interest in.
Democrats are the party of fiscal conservationism. They literally have a pay-for rule whereas the Republicans just deliberately blow up the deficit.
Huh, I haven't seen double rifts. Are the rift spawns not the same for everyone?
I actually do know and you are massively confused about how efficient regular databases are compared to PoW. There is zero chance bitcoin can scale to a global currency.
How does being associated (by Nazis!) with those who failed to meaningfully oppose Nazis support the pro-Nazi narrative? Because they want history to repeat itself! This is the reason there is no antifa lineage in North America and why this word wasn’t in the English vernacular until 2016.
Actions aren’t assumed either way. They either infringe on others or they don’t.
Some societies you do have that onus. But I am not making a legal argument, you are. Legal actions can still infringe on others. History is rife with examples.
Honestly have no idea why you keep saying that. Antifa was named by communists and socialists in 1932. Antifascists were labeled antifa by nazis and Russians in 2016. I’ve been entirely consistent on these facts.
I am not ignoring, I am saying there is no lineage between these groups which furthers the point this naming came from Nazis themselves in North America. BTW, antifa Germany came back after liberation in the 40s. But North America ever had antifa until 2016.
Says the guy threatening me from total safety? You know you can fuck right off, liar.
Legitimately didn’t know how smoking hot she was a billion years ago.
&gt;What shitcoin has stored its value better than BTC? Every stablecoin.
It is reasonable to punish treason to the fullest extent of the law because unlike other crimes, this punishment will serve as a precedent and deterrent to future politicians.
And I don't like not having it because looking left and right when running is *natural* and as a practical matter this helps to reduce camping.
You might want to clone bad implementations low ceiling of battle royale games, but others don't. Most assuredly, there are many who prefer FPP over TPP and are not playing RoE because this core feature is missing.
I like random for the variety. Really hoping night maps get added back in the random queue.
They loved the gays up until the point they murdered them all for looking too good in a uniform.
I see variations of this response in every game where there is cheating. Ignorance is not an argument.
&gt;Nice to have maybe but all it takes is a flick of the wrist to look around without it, unlike irl where it's not practical to swing a rifle around Because irl you would turn your head instead of act like your neck is so stiff you need icy hot. LOL. Literally making my argument for me.
Perhaps the greater point is without a replay I won't learn from my mistakes. And if I didn't make a significant mistake at least I get to admire the skill of another person outplaying me (or know with a high confidence I should report them).
If you are confused by the lingo, read the Medium post: https://medium.com/nanocurrency/boulton-is-out-now-bfb14999a2d3
Think of it this way: if it wasn’t for 50 years of surpressed wages, you’d have had these machines much sooner.
Well that’s because I was around back then. Mata was my favorite player and it was always clear to me he was a better player than Oscar. Oscar just looked so bad on the wings we had to play him in the middle to accommodate him but he still would go invisible for huge stretches of time. KdB really never was given a chance so I highly question your history. Mou complained about his work ethic while touting Oscar’s and then KdB was gone. It seemed like madness even at the time because a lot of people were rating KdB based on his loan and limited preseason.
What else can a for-profit get you to do for free to help make them more money?
&gt;because that would be even the slightest bit inconvenient for me So because you have anxiety, I have to be inconvenienced. But if you are inconvenienced then you won't do it. :thinking:
And Russia.
w/o firing a shot.
Agree. I just hope, short of injuries, we don't heap the pressure on him and he can remain patient the rest of this season. It will be better for all if he "earns" the starting role rather than have it handed to him just to keep him happy.
&gt;What? That doesn't make any sense. I agree. But that's what you are saying. Violent people have easy access to lethal weapons capable of rapidly killing and maiming dozens or more people and some are trying to maximize carnage. If they don't have the weapons, they will be forced to use less efficient means to cause death.
Blind trusts might. That’s the blind part. They have a fiduciary duty to perserve and grow capital first and foremost.
CM but he's needs to be more defensively reliable to be trusted there in games versus bigger teams.
Which is also easily fixed.
You might want to sit down. I have some news that might shock you... your thoughts and desires may not be shared by every male of the species.
And what? People lost their shirt. Poor people got poorer. SS ensures there is a floor for how poor they get because of decisions made by rich corporations and politicians who are divorced from reality.
It isn't clear. Do you want people to die, because of their mistakes and the mistakes of others, when it is easily avoidable? A yes or no would be clear.
My argument is people should do their own research. I *am* defending it. You are the one opposing the concept for shady reasons.
What is important is that he was a politician who delivered on his promises.
He was loved by a lot at the time. He literally started a party that still exists today.
A popular policy with the people of the time.
** in spite
I feel like you take them as trophies anyway.
Atheism is the biggest threat to organized religion.
AKA fascism.
Give this man reddit silver.
I don't see how. You can get cheaper farm accelerating items with an easier build up like Maelstrom.
Melee cores should be getting bkb vs dk anyway. I understand your rationale on having a great early game start but my experience suggests that is rarely the reason DKs purchase it.
NANO 10% off. Act now before it is 30% off.
Because Spez won’t stop them.
Hey, this is reddit, why are you breaking from the decade long meta? We tell ~~ourselves~~ everyone ~~we~~ they are the best player on their team so it ok and even necessary to be greedy. And if anyone complains about their teammates holding them back, we tell them it is their own fault and they are getting what they deserve.
Of course, your team needs a lot of things pos5 Phoenix isn't going to provide.
It is game dependent. If you are going up against a bunch of enemies that rely on hp regen then you need levels and aghs asap which Midas can expedite if you have a good start.
He's going to add that to list of Trump supporters being viciously attacked.
What is your metric for 'shared'? Wages have been flat for 40 years and all the gains in productivity have gone to the extremely wealthy. Meanwhile China has raised a billion out of poverty and has a growing middle class.
Seems like Hope Hicks has proven herself irreplaceable. https://i.redd.it/p6llh4mq7b231.jpg
The US Justice system is designed to be punative, not rehabilitative. This is working as expected.
The Senate is protecting Trump.
Is this the same logic you use to call black people the N-word?
Which is why dragging the impeachment investigations out for the next 14 months and then forcing Senate Republicans to vote to just before 2020 is good politics, short of the Senate being willing to convict.
Why are you so certain hateful insults is an adult activity? Is this because that's how you behave as an 'adult'?
This makes me like Beto less since he clearly doesn't understand the problem he claims to be solving.
Term limits or not has no impact on politicians gaming the system.
It is cosplay when your attention seeking is compulsive.
I have this guy you are conversing with tagged as a troll.
&gt;WoUlDn't It Be ChEaPeR iF wE sUbVeRtEd JuStIcE? Absolutely.
Not just hyper-partisan but the Senate is a co-conspirator.
&gt; "It's high crimes 'and' - not 'with' or 'or' - it's high crimes and misdemeanors," Trump said. "There was no high crime, and there was no misdemeanor, so how do you impeach based on that?" https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-appears-to-misunderstand-how-impeachment-works-2019-5 edit: He forget to argue both words are plural so it has to be at least two high crimes plus at least two misdemeanors! *Narrator:* Even by this imaginary legal standard, he was still guilty.
GG branch is value, bro.
An academic or authentically high minded conversation setting are the only scenarios I can imagine the N-word being said by non-blacks with the juice being worth the squeeze. Of course, I know our bigoted brethren will falsely believe they are speaking academically in a truly high minded fashion.
And I don’t think you’ve ever met a Roman Emperor.
Or capitalist rats.
This has nothing to do with the Republican party purposely appealing to racists other than their welcoming of anti-Semites in the 1930s to support their anti-interventionist against Nazi Germany policy.
Effective corporate tax rate (2017): * US: 27.1% * Norway: 23.1% Still on your side but not as wide as a gap as implied.
Might point is you are playing games and pretending there is nuance where there is none.
^ 3000 karma from T_D. Calls himself a libertarian while claiming a guy who objectively didn't call him a Nazi, did.
Socialism is theorized as the transition stage to communism. And communism by definition is the absence of government.
Unfortunately that is ahistorical. Prescott Bush and Charles Lindbergh just to name a few prominent Republicans.
You don't see how starting as the party of emancipation and shifting to the party of racism is countervailing?
Conveniently ignoring I just caught one with evidence on this thread?
He rounded up and exterminated thousands of socialists so yeah, he did hate socialists.
No, you were validating my point. Thanks again!
No one is belittling these people who are caught in a difficult situation. However at least we now know your poor reading comprehension explains why you are confused and harassing me about this days later.
Most redditors to a significant degree only see the headline and image, they don't read the comments. The propagandist here is getting an extra bottle of vodka for this one.
You are using Trump's definition of fake news which is 'news a person doesn't like'.
Attacking the messenger and not the message says it all.
Other countries have moved away from religion without devolving into cults.
And cut taxes for working people at the same time. Win-win.
Yeah this gave me anxiety because I can't even get saran wrap to do what I want it to do.
Bush v Gore was the signal the ends always justify the means and everyone but corporate Democrats got the message.
It is true, there is a lot of irrational hate for Maher because he says things indelicately and is disagreeable on some peripheral topics.
I didn't agree with Obama on everything and still like him. No politician, celebrity or comedian is ever going to perfectly align with how you see the world.
Isn't like 2 levels in march already plenty to farm post laning stage? The only way I see the GPM talent being relevant is if it created some alternative to BoT/Blink Tinker which I can't imagine right now.
You never had to choke out your cores. Tinkers did it because they cared more about personal glory/end games stats (greed) than winning. What are the odds tinkers still choke out their cores and get the GPM talent? I'd say pretty high for most of the dota2 population. PS: Level 8-9 is at the end of the laning stage so what is the practical difference from your allies point of view?
&gt; Offense will be taken whether you mean it or not!
A lot of design decisions are made to make things easier to modify aftermarket. In this case, these were legal 'extended' magazines and resulted in a prolonged shootout.
It is my ~~hope~~ expectation the next Democratic president presses the Senate to impeach and replace Kavanaugh or packs the court to overturn Citizens United.
It all depends whether the voters demand a Democratic supermajority in the Senate and to go along with a non-centrist Democratic President
If you think that, you don't fully understand the rules have changed since Bush v Gore. You can't negotiate in good faith with Republicans and the only way to earn their begrudging respect is to instill fear through strength. Never forget McConnell stole a Supreme Court pick from Obama and in the last few weeks said the same rule doesn't apply to Trump.
I don't think it is ok to hit children, especially for wearing clothing, but I do think spanking can be an appropriate response in certain contexts, much of which is dependent on the child themselves. That said, a lot of parents are just bad at being a parent and lack the skills to correct their child's behavior before spanking becomes the least worst punishment available.
Spanking can be an option when the other tools are ineffective. And no, I am not going to be specific about a situation because as I said it depends on the child. Children in the exact same situation respond differently to correct action. To repeat myself, there is no one size fits all solution.
&gt;consented to by all parties Ignoring that surgery isn't always consented to in an emergency, children can't consent. It is the parent's responsibility to the child.
&gt;What you're doing here is, possibly purposefully, ignoring the actual point and reframing the question/moving the posts to suit your needs. You are reframing everything to be 'abuse' because it suits your need. Do you expect to exempt yourself from your own accusations? &gt;emergency situations inherently require different rules to solve Children can't consent regardless of an emergency. They are children. They don't get to make age inappropriate decisions. You know this to be true.
&gt;I'm not reframing anything Of course you are. You've done so repeatedly in this reply itself. &gt;I do believe hitting children is abuse for reasons I and others have laid out and you have disputed in no way but saying that its possible to do I don't really know what point you are making. Almost anything if done in the wrong context can be abuse. Just because I acknowledge spanking can be abuse doesn't mean it is always abuse. &gt;Doctors are professionals I hope you aren't suggesting parenting needs to be licensed by the state. &gt;There is still no correlation between curing a disease and hitting an innocent child. The disease is the child's antisocial and potentially harmful behavior to themselves and others. The cure is a range of options which can but preferably does not include spanking.
Well then spanking wasn't the appropriate tool to use against you at that stage in your life.
&gt;Then what is your argument? That it is just another tool in the toolkit that is (in very specific situations) the right tool to choose? Yes, I've said this repeatedly. &gt; This is a false dilemma I disagree. Rather, you are creating a false dilemma (spanking always bad, everything else good) by the dictionary definition of the term. &gt;People often think that as long as they operate in what they think their child’s best interest is, that they can’t do wrong or (and this applies to a separate but not mutually exclusive cloud of people) even in a much simpler selfish way, that they’re not at fault if something goes wrong. I completely agree but this point argues for neither of our positions. &gt;But raising a child isn’t surgery in the sense that if you don’t spank them they’ll die or become a bad person. You honestly don't know that. And I would even concede spanking might lead to a worse outcome but it could also set them on a better course. Like I said, it is situational and children respond differently to corrective action. Parents are in a tough situation and can't see the future but they are the ones with responsibility and second guessing their choices from the outside, short of abuse and neglect, is wrong of us to do. &gt;But it’s likely that no matter what example you give, we would pick it apart. Maybe that’s the point? Agreed, that's your point. My point is any example covered in a reddit post will not be able to account for every piece of data leading to a particular decision. Monday morning quarterbacking is the easiest way for anyone to feel superior to a world class athlete... or even a below average one.
&gt;you're just repeating yourself As are you. Again, you are accusing me of your own behavior and exempting yourself. &gt;I'm not reframing your argument by saying its wrong, I'm simply saying its wrong That wasn't my point. It was that you reframe by changing words. Spanking = abuse to you so you probably don't even notice. 'Spanking' is for more neutral of a word than 'abuse' which is always negative. There are other examples. &gt;I'm saying there is no good context, and you have not provided one and therefore hitting a child is abuse This is a leap in logic. &gt; Your attempts to compare a rational, well working system of medicine with the needless and unavoidable assault of children who do not know any better astounds me. Because you have made the logical leap that spanking that leads to lasting corrective behavior is never-the-less harmful. &gt;antisocial behaviour is normal and to be expected I never said it wasn't. &gt;the only time it is wrong is when it causes direct harm to people. if it doesn't, then dont "fix" it You don't correct antisocial behavior as long as you aren't seeing it harm someone in that moment? *shudder* &gt;and adults can actually understand why they're being hit. Children cannot necessarily do that This is also implicitly agreeing there are situations where they can understand their behavior is connected to the punishment. &gt;Kids are often smarter than we give then credit for, and ones capable of understanding speech likely understand meaning, so you can explain. And, if they dont understand meaning, in what world should you have the right to hit them, as you cant even explain why in that context. This is your attempt at having it both ways. No one argued for spanking a child incapable of understanding what is happening. Likewise, no one is arguing for spanking a child who responds to other corrective actions. This is a fallacious false dilemma. Perhaps we are done now?
Agreed. Spanking is a high risk corrective action and needs to be well considered and treated as a (nearly) last resort. (Maybe military school or something is the truly last resort).
&gt;\1. I have to repeat myself because I'm only responding to what you're saying And you don't think I am caught in the same situation? \2. I don't know what you are talking about \3. I don't know what you are talking about &gt; \4. wrong, you have not shown that it is corrective OP demonstrated it is corrective. As have hundreds of millions of others who experienced it first hand. I don't understand where you are moving the goal posts. You wanted me to produce a scientific paper? \5. You claimed there was no correlation to the analogy so I correlated it (even though it was obvious). \6. Ok but seems out of context to the discussion. \7. Ok but seems out of context to the discussion. \8. More reframing. &gt; \9. actually not a false dilemma, as it does not claim to be conclusive but does try to be as much as possible. More having it both ways argumentation. &gt; this is really tiring, especially considering you wont respond to what I'm saying I've gone out of my way to respond to you while you levy accusations you are constantly guilty of yourself so I find this disingenuous. Other than the last bit, it was nice talking to you and I hope you have a good rest of your day.
&gt;What the fuck? lol, so now parents that don’t hit their children are selfish? That's really disingenuous. I responding to /u/seelcudoom's point on fear and I said clearly said "parenting isn't primarily about being their friend". Sometimes a child does need to fear a parent for their own safety or the safety of others. If you can't think of a situation where I child might be afraid without you hitting them, I don't know what to tell you. Are you a parent? &gt;If you hit a child you are showing them that violence is an appropriate form of problem solving. I agree, there is an issue with a cycle of violence that cannot be ignored. That is why spanking is not the corrective action of first resort but far down on the list. &gt;If you are in a position where the only tool left in your box is to hit a child then that’s YOUR failure as a parent. Hard not to disagree. But doesn't change the fact that the worse option likely STILL is not correcting the behavior at that point. Don't be a unconditional friend to your kid. Be an unconditional parent.
&gt;OP DEMOMSTRATED HOW ITS CORRECTIVE?!! What is controversial? He said he got slapped and stopped dressing in women's clothes. I am not for slapping, nor do I have a problem with a boy being curious, but the party is question clearly stated their behavior changed. Is that a good thing when holistically understanding the situation? No. &gt; the implicit or explicit threat of violence is a fundamentally wrong basis for a relationship, especially one that is supposed to be protective. I agree it shouldn't be the basis of the relationship. Speaking only for myself, I've always been talking about edge case/extreme situations where other corrective action has been exhausted.
You should ask adults who were spanked (not abused) as a child if they view their parents as an enemy. Other than that, I understand your comment and but still feel obligated to, for like the 65th time, say spanking is not the preferred method of discipline and doesn't work in all situations for all kids.
Sorry, but you've compared me to an ax murdered and "ghost monster", declared I am dehumanizing children and accusing me of lacking empathy all while deliberately removing the context of the discussion. I've got better things to do.
&gt;social shaming involved (which realistically is the actual reason it stopped) The kid was of the age where there wasn't social shaming. It was the reaction of an authority figure that was the reason it stopped (which I guess is still social shaming but not by his peers). &gt;lowkey you should have said that when there were a bunch of people asking I wonder if this is true but to be honest, there is a lot of bad faith on this thread. People are misquoting me, changing the words I've used, completely invented new positions I don't hold. I've literally been compared to an horror film ax murderer. People don't want nuance, they want a black and white, right and wrong simplified world despite the obvious degrees of grayness we exist in.
You just said the parent couldn't figure out how to teach a lesson so your argument itself reduced the choices to two options. If you read my original post on this thread (which many breezed by with their pitchforks), we are basically saying the same thing. Bad parents use spanking as the last resort. The difference is, I still think it is effective given the alternative.
You can be as melodramatic as you want. Spanking is not punching.
Is this your long winded way of saying you recognize the difference between open palm on buttocks versus closed fists to the head or upper body?
They are the wolves in sheep's clothing.
&gt;discipline does not change the fact its abuse I certainly wasn't making that point but since you want to debate it, it certainly explains motive and intent which helps explain context but on its own doesn't make it abuse without other factors which you have failed to determine. You are being judgemental with no cause and if that gives you the superiority you crave, have at it.
I don't follow the logic of the first two sentences and I've already explained my response to the question you are asking again.
Spanking isn't abuse so no I didn't.
If that's how you wish to understand what I've said. Have a good one!
Totally agree Weaver is a great 4 in some games. You will need cc from allies though but with Aghs your cores often become unkillable midgame which can be quite hilarious.
Not if they are made by Huawei.
It won't be for long on Hong Kong's current path.
So not posted on /r/politics but you still forcing the narrative that it is posted on /r/politics. Weird play.
Good thing this doesn't apply to Trump and America!
Yes and also no.
No, they just buy massive influence.
You are baiting a false scenario so let me repeat myself: &gt; If they broke a morally just law, you convict them. If they didn't, you aren't required to send someone to prison unjustly for 20 years, like in the exact case of this submission. You follow up with: &gt;Laws are not morals. Laws are not meant to be moral. Laws are what happens when people who have entirely different sets of morals live in proximity and need to find out a way to settle their disputes without constant warfare. Laws are inevitably compromises about right and wrong. TL;DR: Immoral laws are fine and you should just accept them and your duty is to enforce immorality as long as it is the law.
I've never said morality is subjective or not. You've applied your bias to infer that I have. &gt;then set precedent that jurors should ignore laws they find immoral? Why bother making laws in the first place, then? Precedent has been set centuries ago. Did the system collapse? No.
&gt;Individual morality is not universally 'good'. Agreed, but if no moral individual stands up to collective immorality, then immorality is inevitable.
&gt;You misspelled prisons You are making my point for me. The US government is hold people in prison without due process and punitively harming children in the process under the guise of deterrence. e.g., tyranny The 2A crowd is a joke that believes consumerism on behalf of arms dealers is an act of rebellion against tyranny with no further effort.
US jurisprudence says you are wrong. &gt;Trump supporters might be surprised at how far the Constitution extends toward non-citizens once they're inside the country, however. Cases extending back to the 1800s, including ones brought by Chinese immigrants challenging the arbitrary seizure of their property, have **established the rights of non-citizens under the Fourth and Fifth Amendments including due process** and the right to a jury. https://www.forbes.com/sites/danielfisher/2017/01/30/does-the-constitution-protect-non-citizens-judges-say-yes/
I can't even begin to understand the logic but we agree you and your 2k T_D karma exists for tyranny and not liberty.
Everyone is innocent when the law is unjust. And the quote is relevant because the law sees them as guilty.
Immigration would be solved overnight if we put capitalists hiring the undocumented in prison.
You don't make sense, can't spell, use improper grammar. No wonder you are can't tell the difference between tyranny and liberty. You are barely literate.
Obrez just needs slightly less sway but still more than the full Mosin.
We are going in circles. Denying it has anything to do with matchmaking (ELO) while justifying the change because of matchmaking (small playerbase) is the logic I am objecting to.
The obrez is "garbage" because it is much harder to shoot accurately than the Mosin. The medium slot is hardly an advantage**--a slot used is a slot used. ** Exception for Avtomat+Obrez loadout.
I am saying if you are in a position to enact justice, you have an obligation to do so otherwise you personally are enacting injustice.
Rule of law requires is the entire process from lawmaking, to law implementing, to law interpreting, and yes, includes jury nullification. The jury box is part of due process where you are judged by your peers, not institutions and systems divorced from reality.
&gt;Interesting, there must be a change from 2017 to 2019. I wonder if it is the infinite detainment w/o due process and family separation policy?
Those don’t say spanking doesn’t work in the short term. They say spanking may have negative outcomes in the long term especially when overused. I certainly havent been saying spanking is the goto solution. I’ve said it is an option on the table and typically is only necessary when the parent has failed in their duties up to that point but correction still has to happen.
Or you run out of money, lose your family and kill yourself. Self-correcting for sure.
I agree you want to make affirmative claims and not back them up and then be a hypocrite about it without understanding the basic rules of debate.
Did you read the article? She quit comedy when her netflix special "skyrocketed her to international acclaim".
The 2A crowd is just consumerism on behalf of arms dealers masking as acts of rebellion.
&gt;There is [a] difference between 0.011 and 0.012 which is statistically very relevant. Yes, it is accurately stated is the rounding error was off by .001%. Truly this is a major victory and this day will be long remembered. Someone cue the balloon drop guy, we are partying ALL night long.
Ignorance as the argument? I thought you were smart at math--does that not extend to understanding data point labels? Classic stuff. Look at the original source, it clearly labeled as a percentage.
Full replays are necessary for this game to succeed.
Club has an obligation to the safety of all fans whether or not the police are competent at their overlapping duties.
The census Constitutionally exists to count people in each state. Any secondary purposes that serves to undermine the Constitutional reason for the census deserves serious scrutiny and shouldn't be driven by small minded politics.
Hint: All humans have biases.
The one Republican on this thread is arguing Ilhan Omar is just as bad or something. Muy both sides.
Reminds me of Jon's other quote on Republicans: &gt; Not [all] racist, but #1 with racists
Barcelona and Coutinho rumors had been rampant since at least 2015. Both parties had an interest in signing a contract as a transfer was a foreseeable outcome.
Because the richest among us can borrow against their equity holdings. This is just another gaming of the system that regular people can't take advantage of.
Doesn't settle much for me. No native speaker translated in the comments, no English press wrote their own article even for the clicks. Also, not the national team doctor.
Honestly, I don't know the provenance of the quote and it has been well over a decade, closer to two, since I first heard it.
For me, what makes the most sense is Coutinho thought he'd be treated more 'respectfully' if he acted quietly behind the scenes and it wasn't until blatant lies and decrees were being printed that appeared to come from Liverpool management did he lose confidence is the process and took a more aggressive public tact. Which goes back to my first post on this thread. &gt;Barca waited till the end of the transfer window and wanted to pay less to get Coutinho. Regardless of who wanted what, Barca paid a ridiculous fee even if Coutinho was the Liverpool star they thought they were getting. And they got something far worse than that.
No, I think Coutinho acted out when he was treated disrespectfully by Liverpool management in the press over a period of weeks and months.
We only know what Lincoln thought because he told us openly and honestly as he transformed himself into the Great Emancipator and convinced the nation to live up to the billing, equal justice for all.
https://www.theguardian.com/football/2015/oct/05/football-transfer-rumours-liverpool-philippe-coutinho-barcelona
By lying publicly that he didn't want to leave and then when it was clear that was lie saying he couldn't leave.
He should only give up like 80% of his winnings because at least he'd have something to play for other than pride like his four teammates. Now if they lose and Ceb is the weak link questions will be asked and inquiries made.
Just saying its a factor, one that could boomerang again on the player as I laid out even if it wasn't actually a factor. And yes, I think people have to eat and pay bills.
Well then I hope this isn't seen as precedent for others.
Which is why I hope it dies so something usable replaces it.
Same variable fee on all transactions (even small ones), 15 min is extremely slow for point of sale, hash rate wastes entire countries worth of energy for no good reason, to name a few big ones.
Libertarians believe in rule of law.
[No Collusion, No Obstruction](https://i.redd.it/ayfwkte7i4531.jpg)
They are still selling; price just went up.
I don't see a solution in any of that.
&gt;Instead of coming up with solutions people just whine online about the issues and then say "Oh well there isn't anything I can do about it." When yes. Yes there is.
Go easy, champ.
&gt; I wish we could manage to convince enough people to either go to their election booth and stand silently, refusing to vote the entire day and shaming anyone who does. No, just no.
&gt; But the Westboro Bapist Church labels themselves as Christians and we all know that they're not actually Christian. Uh, yes they are.
I still use redzones for rotations to conceal my movement and enjoy it.
Except your quote is accurate.
Then why would BTC be exempt?
You caught me. I looked when I got home yesterday and I am at 1300 hours and change.
Which amounted to $3,469 for lawyers fees and professional travel which she paid back in full plus a fine.
Stop punching me, man, you are the one who ordered a taster.
Completely agree. Though it is super annoying when playing random and the first thing people do is complain I've only prestiged once as if that means something. I like my chaos bombs, end of story.
"Have fun. That's an order."
But you said it wasn't cited, ergo it wasn't in the whitepaper.
Electability does matter. Compromising does not.
Sounds like Facebook needs to be regulated like a Bank Holding company.
So who is absorbing the cost of fraud? The users or the merchants, since apparently it won't be Facebook?
There are many types of fraud. Account takeover and product not delivered being the two big ones. And that isn't even covering money laundering and terrorist financing. If Libra is 'traceable', who arbitrates fraud decisions? What appeals do consumers have? Do they clawback the funds? Freeze the funds? Confiscate the funds? If you are going to tell me I am responsible as a consumer for protecting my money and not falling for fraud, then what incentive do I have to use Libra over virtually any other payment channel? The others are either non-permissioned or have actual consumer protections in place to make me whole.
Are you replying to the right thread? It seems like you are the one with an agenda.
Dude has a beautiful mind.
&gt;Updating a game with extra content years down the line We aren't out of early access, so wtf are you talking about? If anything, the roadmap's feature list has been slashed dramatically before launch and most of us PAID FULL PRICE already based on a more feature rich roadmap. Plus there are shit ton of 'game breaking bugs' that have existed for months and years that may or may not be fixed prior to launch (certainly they aren't mentioned on the roadmap). In any case, new content drives new players to the game which are new units being sold. You are sort of playing both sides of this and there is no guarantee or even a hint from the developers that these microtransactions will result in new content. You can hope, you can believe, but you don't even have the word of the developers to fall back on so why try to convince other people of something that is at best a gut feeling? I personally don't get it. The fact is they are promising us less after taking our money and now are asking for more money. Maybe that doesn't bother you like it bothers me, but you should be neutral, not vocal in support of such behavior.
Is that an argument for or against a process that allows for human dignity?
Classifying them as a currency manipulator.
Of course the priorities won't change. These bugs are seemingly not a priority at all.
&gt;In my experience I have paid full price for games that have died because of lack on post game launch support. For example I purchased CS:GO on console a few years back. Game is bad horrendous. Compare it to the PC version where there was support from the community through loot boxes and skin sales. The difference is night and day. I am sorry you got screwed but I highly doubt the lack of loot boxes impacted CS:GO for consoles when same developers are responsible for both the PC and console ports.
I submitted one of these recently where it was an ad of product with another ad for this product at the end. https://www.reddit.com/r/HailCorporate/comments/bx38zc/two_ads_in_one_on_damnthatsinteresting/
But fakes that they stuck the landing anyway.
It is the punitive policies intended to inflict holistic suffering. The family separation policy is just the most offensive one we know of so far.
I don't know how to interpret this other than alts are being traded for BTC and BTC will peak without outside money coming in. Which means BTC will crash and alts will crash further.
Would it just be better to stop having the government be responsible for food, housing, medicine and so forth and just return the catch and release program that doesn't require the building and funding of [concentration camps](https://psmag.com/ideas/yes-trumps-detention-centers-are-concentration-camps)?
The argument amounts to saying you can't compare these policies to those of the Nazis until they result in the deaths of 6M Jews. And I'm sure they'd move the goal posts even then.
Traitors should be &gt;Prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law
Looks like I rustled some jimmies.
Then you don't understand the difference between misdemeanors and felonies which suggests you've received a poor education that does not serve you well in the real world.
Just wanted to make sure I posted this. My post history on this sub defends Bill Maher a lot so take this however you'd like. On this issue around concentration camps, sorry Bill, you are absolutely wrong. Not only is this accurate language, not only is it good politics, it is the RIGHT thing to do to oppose fascism.
Great, I look forward to your post about the people successfully manipulating this sub multiple times a day and not the tiny amount of Yang supporters who are barely a blip.
You clearly weren't responding to what I wrote so don't let the door hit you.
That's my exact point.
+8 votes isn't really on the front page no matter how you wish to spin it.
Maybe you should go get some more karma from T_D and come back?
Why are you asking me to re-state what I already clearly stated? If you want to change my mind, feel free to articulate why Buttigieg is a 'traitor' and why that isn't clickbait but actually the truth. But we both know that is beyond your abilities.
Its just taking easy money from stupid people.
Why are you so mad? Are you doing ok in your home life? If you need a shoulder to cry on, I am available. PS: It is night only in Russia.
Just because conservatism is unpopular doesn't mean /r/politics doesn't allow you to discuss conservatism. If I tried to discuss liberalism in T_D or /r/conservative I would be banned by the authoritarians you support.
Alternatively, you are so indoctrinated into political tribalism you are incapable of the self-awareness necessary to converse earnestly with the majority of people.
I saw a report years ago that it would take well over a month of a lawyer's time to fully research the implications of each ToS per year per person. This was based on the idea we each install a couple dozen pieces of software over the course of a year.
Hulk like to be SMASHED
The amount of people talking shit and then dying is has to be peaking in recent weeks.
&gt; Things I like are the infallible words of God and things I don't like are metaphors to be interpreted. ^ The danger of religion
Don't engage Darthhayek. His life essence comes from trolling and lying on the internet.
Cocaine? Gold? SPY shares?
I never claimed XRP is bad so drop the bullshit. Speaking in layman’s terms isn’t too much to ask if you want to convince people. I am still missing the part of who is accepting XRP for fiat if it isn’t a bank on the other end. This isn’t magic.
e.g. how to accelerate the dumbing down of America
You can easily calculate the energy consumption of what can replace bitcoin as well. https://isnanogreenyet.com/
I was just reading the other day about the [Wilmington, North Carolina Insurrection of 1898](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilmington_insurrection_of_1898) where up to 300 people were killed to successfully overthrow a democratically elected local government to install a white supremacist regime.
Ok, well thanks for the reply, it just doesn't make any sense.
Why did we franchise a placekicker? It still baffles the mind months later. This is the very definition of "too clever by half".
It means someone made a 500 dollar market order on a low volume pair.
IOTA is a DAG. IOTA is secure. DAGs are secure. Again, you aren't attacking DAG as a technology, you are attacking centralization as an design. These are two different, incompatible lines of argument.
But it won't be because they held the kicker against their will.
Since you can't win with a fact-based argument on the 'security' topic you chose to divert the debate into a 'legal' one. I accept your surrender.
I'd rather have a good kicker who wants to play for us.
Because there is a side that both denies the threat of climate change and opposes doing anything about it if there is a minor inconvenience attached. This has resulted in kicking the can down the road for two generations and will likely result in the death of billions even though it was otherwise preventable. &gt;That's a lot of people to increase their cost of living on most goods (tarrifs are already doing that). Agree this same side is punishing the poor already. If you want to support a living wage and/or basic income, feel free to voice that as a partial solution.
&gt;I literally just said that they were human beings and deserve consideration when we are trying to come up with a solution. And you said you'd rather see them die than pay $10/gallon. How much is a human being worth? $6.50/gal for 87 octane? More or less?
Alternatively, you don't know what your hidebound argument amounts to in real human cost.
Yes, you are saying poor people will suffer if we all have to pay $10/gallon at the pump. Now reverse that. You would rather have billions die (presumably you believe you won't be one of them) than pay $10 at the pump.
&gt;I am saying that we can come up with a better solution. I've proposed no solutions. I've only sussed out that you hate gas taxes so much you'd rather see billions die. &gt;You are acting like taxing petroleum is the only possible solution. No, that's actually you. It was your strawman to dramatically attack that you claim comes from some random post. Do you have any self-awareness or dignity?
Is it normal to have 50k unconfirmed?
Trolls got to troll.
Extra troll points for pretending you aren't the one doing it. You must be a joy.
LN will be cumbersome and non-optimal. I think BTC fades away to something better but seemingly not anytime soon.
You poor victim. Woest you.
Have some dignity and stop crying.
They look like humans in a pleather.
&gt;If a politician increases taxes on oil by 25% and removes all subsidies and gas prices soar to 5, 6, or even 7 dollars a gallon those politicians will be voted out. First, you don't know if that is the solution. Second, you don't know they will be voted out. Your concern-troll bullshit is not an argument.
The law is the law. What you call an exception is not unlawful. It is literally the law being followed.
I am for treating soldiers like human beings. When you make a deal with human, you don't renege on it for political convenience. Unfortunately, both you and President Trump both want to renege on a long established deal which also has the nasty side effect of undermining troop morale and helping our adversaries.
BTC is down 17% right now. What are you talking about?
Since you don't give a shit about troop morale and take no issue with using the troops as a political football to the detriment of the nation, you should volunteer yourself, don't you think?
$400M of btc was sold in 15 min yesterday. $100M of that must have gone along with the ride.
To those (aliens?) inheriting the earth, take note of the above poster. They are the inevitable outcome of our failing education system.
What argument is there? You are a hot blithering mess.
The last two decades of SCOTUS has demonstrated it to be one of the most political bodies ever conceived so it is hard to believe otherwise.
Anything else I can do you keep your ego intact?
omg you have kids. They are so fucked.
Things are either lawful or they aren't. You are agreeing this is a lawful policy stemming from the authorities granted to the executive. There is no "there there".
So Mueller can indict Trump and is not saving the country because of 'administrative consequences' that would never result in meaningful punishment?
Mueller had all the power and authority of a US Attorney. I am not aware of any history of an AG 'overruling' an indictment by any of them short of firing them and replacing them with someone else who would follow their directive.
And if you are prepared with a conservative source they just move the goal posts.
This sub votes up screeds calling people 'libtards' every day. Wonder what that could mean?
I don’t think it is a good idea but it is allowable by federal law. It is up to the school districts.
All over /r/full_news which is a leading indicator.
Narrator: he wasn’t
China is a [state capitalist](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_capitalism) so this shouldn't surprise anyone.
A lot of 'average' players who play with friends don't have a lot of experience the shitshow that is the random queue.
The cops told you that they pulled you over for complying with the law? 🤔
&gt; Is Trump and his party backed by Russia or is he risking WW3 with Iran, a Russian Ally? Yes. &gt; And child cages? You mean the ones that were there during the Obama admin. No, children were not isolated from their family in cages under Obama. &gt; And open corruption? Yes. &gt; Remind me which party snubbed Bernie to prop Clinton. Neither. However the Republican party has canceled primary elections this year so Trump wouldn’t have competition. &gt; good faith You are spewing Russian talking points. That’s bad faith.
Russia would make a load of money off Iran if they were desperate for armaments. Putin would turn his flagging support into economic popularity at home. You seem to have zero understanding of the situation.
&gt;Then what about the opposite: extending terms so politicians spend less time worrying about running for reflection? Sounds like a good outcome as well, but with the possibility corruption can become more entrenched. The problem has nothing to do with terms length. It has everything to do with the electoral college, disproportionate apportionment, gerrymandering, first-past-the-post voting, and legalized bribery. All of which, other than first-past-the-post, require Constitutional amendments which the party who benefits from will never support. &gt;Russian talking points like you said earlier and am incapable of honest discussion or critical thinking. The important thing here is you are a good faith victim in your mind. I understand.
Should be able to throw something or pull down your pants, noogie an intern... whatever it is real managers do when having a massive breakdown.
&gt;And yet you think Russia get away with selling weapons to Iran if war with US happens No, I think they are selling MORE weapons to Iran. &gt;Union leveraged its political/navy power to stop the importation of weapons to the confederates during the US civil war A massive naval blockade in a desert. Great idea! BTW, what is the modern equivalent of France being embroiled in its own war and Britain being appeased by the Lyons–Seward Treaty along with cotton prices being massively depressed? &gt;German uboats during ww1+2 cutting off US supplies to France and UK? We delivered a shit ton of supplies to the UK and Russia in spite of the uboat threat. That's what turned the war, you knob.
You want to attack Russians with drones? What do you think happens next? &gt; And in while that was all happening before the Pearl Harbor attack, the Nazis believed the US was neutral during the war. No? Exactly my point. No one knows what this gibberish means.
Donna Brazile leaked two questions to like the 7th of 12 ~~debates~~ town halls any political consultant could have predicted. &gt;WikiLeaks posted emails from Brazile to the Clinton campaign that tipped it off that a woman from Flint, Michigan, would ask Clinton about the situation there for a town hall. Brazile also told the campaign that Clinton would be asked about the death penalty at a separate town hall. It is highly doubtful a death penalty question or knowing about Flint's perpetual water and economic crisis swayed the election in ANY meaningful way. Bernie lost the election because he failed to connect with critical demographics like African-Americans and old people--essentially the definition of rank and file Democrats. The DNC may not have been going out of its way for Sanders, who wasn't registered as a Democrat, but they didn't throw the election or change a single vote, or anything of the sort. Does anyone believe the DNC is going out of its way for Michael Bloomberg or Tulsi Gabbard? No they aren't. Is that sabotage? I guess if we want to believe it is because someone repeats it enough.
I am not responsible for your poor communication skills.
If he is anything like me, he probably found a way to get some form out of Emerson before dumping him on PSG/Real Madrid as soon as they showed interest.
You are being too kind.
Why is he jealous you ask? That puppy was licking her feet.
These are no brainers so thanks for the list. I'd add claiming rewards shouldn't be buried on a sub menu and if anything should be auto-claimed at the end of the match. Also, I know this would be low on the list and controversial, but if your team is the last one standing, it would be a big QoL improvement if the game just notified you of this and asked if you'd like to leave with some percent (ex. 25%) of the remaining bounty so you don't have to spend time (double) banishing on an empty server. I'd rather just hop into another game. Others can still go for the full bounty amount and can clear AI if they so choose. edit: or banishing becomes instant or SOMETHING not to make clearing a server become a drag.
And then?
Believe it. They'd rather take us all down with them.
Logic requires information to work properly and complete information isn't even close to existing even with this 'information superhighway' we were promised.
Unless the guy is the next Hazard or some sort of model professional/natural leader I don’t want another young winger. I want someone who is like 25-28 and will still be a positive influence if he is coming off the bench.
I'm getting mixed signals about the nitro which probably means it is a good place balance wise. That said, no one has killed me with a nitro in a long ass time. Nor have I used it.
Everyone to the left of Genghis Khan is a leftist according to these people.
[Relevant Chart](https://i2.wp.com/aerosavvy.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/altitude-graph-1.jpg)
Stalin was nominally a communist, and when he assumed power halted the progress of the revolution as to centralized the bureaucracy and all political power with him at the top, doing much of this by contracting major American private enterprises, such as the Ford. He also conducted millions of deportations of unwanted ethnicities. His successor Khrushchev repudiated these policies instituted de-Stalinisation which is considered relative liberalization. Anyway, my point is Stalin isn't exactly a left winger even by communist standards. Maybe you are thinking of Trotsky?
This same post but with a conclusion for Trump can also be pegged to when the deficit goes up (Republicans) and goes down (Democrats).
What specifically is an exception for Islam?
Because insulting the Pope legitimizes an accusation of heresy.
And still being used as an excuse for objectively tyrannical behavior even today.
This post reminds me of Harry Whittington apologizing to Dick Cheney when Dick Cheney shot him in the face.
&gt;They're definitely not the same thing. This is like not understanding that all squares are rectangles but not all rectangles are squares.
The pope should have published his own research if this was truly a scientific debate. It wasn't.
That doesn't render the Pope's behavior moral.
This isn't politically symmetrical with the current electoral map. Republicans can receive many millions less in votes and still win but Democrats can't.
FeeltheBern is a Russian backed sub and should not be used as an example of Bernie supporters.
He should never have been put on trial for heresy or misinterpreting shapes.
I fully expect miffed Democrats who didn't get their ideal nominee will do something similar this year.
I never said anything about permanent exile. Anyway, if you've never heard or seen people get 'promoted' or 'transfered' as a means to sideline them I don't know what to tell you. You will someday if you are paying attention.
I comprehend your victim blaming (if she didn't want to be raped, she shouldn’t have dressed that way) just fine. Your obsequiousness is absolutely vile in any century.
I am glad we got to your true colors.
I very much doubt it. &gt; [The] equation [for an ellipse] is very similar to the one used to define a circle, and much of the discussion is omitted here to avoid duplication. https://www.mathopenref.com/coordgeneralellipse.html You are making a marginal argument because of its appeal to anti-intellectual expediency, not because of its scientific substance.
The pope had to intervene to save his life. The same pope who put his life at risk because of his fragile ego.
Maybe not. Looks like Urban fucked his old 'friend' and 'admirer' over on purpose and did nothing when torture was threatened.
In a perfect world that would be a reasonable response and not a flippant one.
He hasn't found form in over 18 months. It might be best for everyone for change of scenerio but if Lampard thinks that can change then I am on board. That said, I don't get KdB type vibes from Christensen these days when he lacks commitment and routinely gets physically bullied on the pitch.
Yeah saw that after I replied. Its getting attention on that sub, just below post about Elon Musk's safe word tweet, but I wouldn't say the response is significantly positive or ad found as universally funny. People are certainly confused by the "bitcoin" reference. But yeah, if being talked about is good, then this is good.
If this is the highlight, this game was totally unwatchable.
You are hunting people, not AI.
Literally missing the point to attack the left.
Doesn’t matter when the Constitution was amended using the method the founding fathers created.
The power of the equal protection clause was explicitly given.
Your response is the definition of projection.
The constitution isn’t silent on slavery. The 3/5s rule legitimized slavery and made it core to the political system.
I agree you are attacking people on the left for a behavior every political belief over a certain size shares. /r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM
On this thread: assassinating senior foreign leaders is ok because Obama killed ISIS fighters
And what I am here to state is that he wasn't an enemy combatant and there was no imminent threat according to the intel community. These actions put us all at risk. Why? Because Trump is scared of a few Republican Senators? Fuck that.
Your vendetta against Bill can only harm Bernie as it risks people thinking you are a quintessential Bernie supporter. Angry, vindictive, factual wrong. Some of us can imagine a world where Bernie goes on Bill's show and everyone is happy. And not just all the shows where that has already happened.
Has anyone in this history of this game every used the Dauntless perk successfully?
I think you are getting it backwards in the sense that Stalin made the CPSU the predominate communist party in the world and that all foreign communist parties were second to it and its needs. Trotski presumably did not support this hierarchical international approach. Trotsky rather saw democracy and decentralization as the immediate goals as opposed to centralized bureaucracy with a dictator at the top. I don't think that necessary meant more wars. Rather than tanks rolling down streets Trotsky saw working class self-emancipation enacting political change which presumably is more peaceful than an expansionist empire policy acquiring satellite states.
No one said it was Warren's fault. Of course, two of the anonymous second hand sources in the CNN article say Warren is the primary source. If someone was using me as a false witness, I would want to correct the record, wouldn't you?
Feels like these "True Reddit" worthy articles and findings are just recycled studies because we never learn from them and keep repeating the same old mistakes for political reasons.
In politics you issue denials if a major news organization is saying you said something that you oppose. It takes all of 5 minutes of your time. Allowing the story to linger gives it credibility which disappointingly is now fair to assume is the Warren campaign’s goal.
In the long term, removing the filibuster is good for progressives. Removing the filibuster removes a massive roadblock to change and while Republicans can regain control of the Senate an undo said changes, that is at their own political risk. Notice how hard it is to undo Obamacare once millions of people are using it. Even though they theoretically have the votes, Republicans have no alternatives that don't sink their own ship.
The premise is so lazy. Just because we don't have a word for something doesn't mean that something doesn't exist. We invent new words all the time for this reason in particular. There are [many theories](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_and_thought) about how much language limitations impair thought (ranging from a lot to a little). What is certain is that language evolves to meet the needs of thoughts that allow us to communicate from one mind to another. However the idea that something can't exist because we haven't agreed on a word for it is absolute intellectual bunk.
What major new legislation have Republicans passed with full control of all the branches of government for the first two years of Trump's term? Unpopular tax cuts for billionaires is all I can think of. They don't legislate because they don't have ideas on how to govern. They run on being against stuff, not being for stuff.
Why would Warren do a joint press conference when her campaign is behind the leak?
So you believe Warren who provided an evasive, contextless answer and not Bernie who provided a total and complete denial with reasonable and historical context as to why that wouldn't make sense? Can you explain why short of you supporting Warren for President?
Unfortunately calling Bernie a sexist is the only impression Warren's statement was designed to make.
Her campaign leaked the story in the first place.
Have to disagree. If you are making an accusation you need to provide some context when the party you are accusing provided a laundry list of verifiable reasons it didn't happen. If you refuse to provide context, then the accusation shouldn't be taken at face value or assumed to be true.
It is on both. The moderator even got Bernie to clarify a second time that it didn't happen and the moderator on her own volition then asked Warren a question as if Bernie had admitted it happened. The topic was legitimate, the line of questioning was absolutely absurd.
Conceptionally, how do you play earnings?
Super smart businessman hates 5th largest world economy.
The second reason is Hillary Clinton, a woman he endorsed, won the 2016 popular vote by 3M votes.
The third reason is Bernie, who marched with Dr. King for equal rights, was a feminist when Warren was a Republican.
My bar is so much lower. Like having the menu buttons work without workarounds and not having to click favorites every time you change slots.
Putting in the defensive work and being invisible on offense 88 minutes of a game is not what a CAM should be known for. Also, I am pretty sure Mourinho was trying to turn De Bruyne into a winger because Mourinho didn't actually recognize his talent. As a commentator said recently, no one across the top leagues plays like De Bruyne.
And people abuse the mechanic anyway so you might as well not by tricked by it.
I don't think this is 'quid pro quo' at all, but I agree Clinton bears far more responsibility/culpability for his actions than Monica. Knowing this will be misinterpreted by some in bad faith, this is like statutory rape between a 18 year old and 17 year old. The 'adult' is held responsible even if both are willing partners.
This but not ironic. Would have massively boosted his poll numbers, too.
California isn't a shithole. lol
Relax. California is the 5th largest economy in the world and the actual shit holes bus their homeless in like anti-Christian cowards.
You're right, it would probably look sloppy on him like the suits he already wears. He could have taken Air Force One with the press corps instead.
Almost never it seems to in this game.
Why is a weekend significant when they've been welcomed in this sub for years?
Name one thing you care about that affects real people.
You seem somewhat confused. Maybe this will help: https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/josephbernstein/living-in-your-head-rent-free-is-the-perfect-insult-of-our
&gt;added high paying jobs to our service economy If you listen carefully to the earnings calls in the last week, almost all the banks are laying people off and replacing them with technology.
Just stop. You aren't following along and being an idiot.
That's your opinion. The facts are that they are downsizing high paying jobs at a larger rate. This has nothing to do with low pay tellers being replaced by ATM machines 20 years ago. Even 'financial consulting' is being slashed.
I had a metro card from another subway in my wallet and it caused this problem, but it was on all the gates, not just at one station.
AI funnels more than it did in the past.
He'd be an upgrade when we play a 4231.
Evolution is confirmed. Ignorance is not an argument.
You are moving the goal posts. Leave religion for Sunday school.
The Washington Times, like Fox News, like so many conservative outlets will do as much as they can to boost the candidate they believe is the most 'extreme' in the primary with the belief they will then fail in the general. This is what the media did for Trump in 2016 and it entirely backfired.
Its RNG where you can find 5 purple ammo supplies in one compound and zero in the next.
That's my argument to you. Unless you are thinking of a different play.
&gt; fighting aged male
Only debate at the hearing whose outcome isn’t predecided.
When I do that they start shooting at me.
My unpopular opinion is none if our midfielders are creative. They all have their moments but none of them have the vision of a Fabregas or Mata, players who can breakdown well organized defenses with teamplay.
War chest coming summer 2020.
(((Could be ANYTHING)))
Gold isn’t finite nor can be easily divided.
Sad thing is he is ruining his value on the transfer market.
You sound like a foreign influencer doing a clumsy slight of hand, but I am sure that's just a coincidence.
And the poor people who will take the promise of a pension to kill other poor people.
How would you know if you encountered a hacker when you have no way of knowing you encountered a hacker?
I've played FPS for 25 years and know this to be false. Would you know this guy was cheating if you were on the other team? https://www.reddit.com/r/HuntShowdown/comments/eshi8v/killed_a_dude_picked_up_his_avto_its_pretty_strong/
That's a disappointing and yet entirely predictable response.
The same reason they are hacking in the first place.
I was calling OP a liar in a lightly humorous and indirect manner.
The Senate has Trump by the short and curlies, they are just too cowardly to act.
Once Trump stops being President his DoJ memo saying he can't be indicted will no longer protect him from prosecution.
It loses to $10 shotguns and fanning at close range. It loses to numerous long rifles at distance. Not sure why people are riled up.
&gt;If he is such a criminal then please explain to me why Congress didn't charge him with any crimes. Because Congress doesn't indict criminals and the Trump administration's DoJ issued a memo saying they cannot indict a sitting President, effectively putting Trump above federal law while in office. What Trump is being charged with Abused of Power and Obstructing Congress (which he literally [admitted](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-impeachment-quotes-factbox/factbox-they-dont-have-the-material-quotes-on-trumps-senate-impeachment-trial-idUSKBN1ZM00B) to doing two days ago). Republicans won't even stand up for separation of powers that directly affect the institution they to which they belong. We certainly can't expect them to stand up for western values.
Congress does get to decide when they are obstructed and they've done so.
&gt;An argument is not an attack Attacking arguments is how people debate. &gt;You argued against my person, rather than my argument. No, I didn't. How many times have you made this claim without proof? Four times? Five? &gt;I see now you deny your own prior conclusion No, I stand by everything I've said. To be clear, this was attack on your poor argumentation, not you as a person.
&gt;I'm projecting he's going to get off For sure, but only because Senate Republicans are disinterested in their Constitutional duties which are the embodiment of western values.
&gt;I asked why they didn't charge him with actual crimes, you said that they can't indict him. That isn't an answer, that is purposefully misinterpreting the question. Yes, it is an answer and it is directly responding to the your question. You just don't like the answer so you are failing to understand it. &gt;Saying that you are full of shit because your arguments are garbage isn't an ad hominem. Of course it is an ad hominem. You are attack me personally and not the argument. This is an indication you've lost the argument which is readily apparent. &gt;And that doesn't mean the president serves at the pleasure of Congress. Of course it does. If the President displeases Congress he may be removed.
&gt;Alas the fact that I have quoted you betrays your denials Alas your quote of me betrays the gap between what I wrote and your interpretation of what I wrote. &gt;I already gave you my opinion on politicians Which was laughingly rejected on its face. Representatives over time represent their constituents in aggregate. If their constituents didn't like their representation, they vote them out in a democracy. &gt;you disliked what I had to say as evidence that I must be conservative I said no such thing. This is such a minor point of disagreement, but since you are making a mountain out of a molehill, you should be aware this is all in your head. Your empty argument is what supports my view, I just appreciated the analog in a way you apparently can't. &gt;You've spent the remainder of your time arguing in circles This is projection which doesn't serve your case. Are we done with your crocodile tears?
You can probably google that yourself.
&gt;No, it isn't. Yes it is. &gt; You said that it was a reason for Republicans to vote to impeach. Republicans can impeach without the Supreme Court telling them what to do. &gt;stop saying he has committed crimes. Trump's own GAO said he committed a crime.
Yes, enlightenment thinkers who didn't want to be the whim of a temporarily merciful monarch put their lives in danger for their beliefs.
He was impeached for this abuse of power among others, yes.
You are applying a label so you may anti-intellectually avoid confronting the argument.
At least it can buy you a second or two.
True but he needs to improve in this area as well.
Reveal your position to know what 4 random guns are on the server? Meh
I quoted you word for word and rather than responding to the best, most rational interpretation of your argument, you are dodging the question over multiple posts and now disingenuously hiding behind rules that weren’t broken. Maybe you should consider your own advice and realize you aren’t up to the standards of this group if you can’t answer a simple question regarding your own stated set of beliefs.
Great, then you can provide the the correct interpretation. Please go ahead.
More bad faith.
Bernie isn’t for open immigration or open borders. Rather, he is against punitive policies.
The Clintons have always been right of center. They are business Democrats.
Your explanation was wrong. Attacking the argument and attacking the man are mutually exclusive acts. This isn’t difficult to understand but I can’t understand it for you.
And then feed that money on a pvp server...
