But they're cool and everyone's doing it /s 🙄🙄
http://hotwheels.wikia.com/wiki/Speed_Machines_(2010)
Interested in the Lamborghini, Civic and Porsche super
Interested!! DM me plz
Have a link??
Still interested
Interested!
Don't have that, anything else you're interested in in?
What are you looking for?
Hot damn!!
Damn someone finally found some!
That's why I practically stopped posting. Even the pics I posted of my regular cars and outdoor pics get mad down votes
This whole subs gone crazy
It's a super! Look at that TH logo!
🤣
I know, twas a meme
Debating on signing up. Wasn't a fan of what I got last year. Smh
SCALPER!
Yeah I did.
So you were my SS then? 🤔🤔
Lol, I still have no idea who it was. Honestly speaking, I appreciated the gift, still have the wheels. But honestly it was a lazy gift. I put so much thought and time into my gift, just felt like the same wasn't put in for me. What bugs me most now is seeing these (dare I say it) cheap assholes wanting the limit to be $3... Like wtf?!?
Same here.
Lol, have you seen this community lately🤣 I personally think they don't deserve anything with the exception of a few people
Don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed the giving part, especially since my family rarely if ever does gifts lol If you remember I even sent extra gifts to a few people, cause their SS just tossed a bunch of mainlines in a box and shipped them
You sure?
Sterling protector, best ones I've ever used! Comes in 2 sizes one fits supers and old car culture the other fits new car culture and other bigger cards
What does this even mean?
Thank God theres no shitty soup reference.
.....well you're an idiot.
That's what I like seeing in this sub, people coming together and enjoying the hobby. But as of late it's just bitter hate and jealously, I promise you once I post my end of the year result I'll get so much hate and be called a "scalper" lol Most of these guys don't realize how hard it is to find a super. They expect one will just walk up to them while they sit at home and cry about not getting one over the internet. Enough of that rant, maybe I'll sign up or just be a helper
Sadly no 🤦‍♂️ need some for mine haha
Even with that edit, you're still an idiot.
You're welcome. Since you clearly don't understand why you're an idiot, let me explain. Not only have you opened Pandora's box at that store, but you did so in the worst possible way. . #1. You paid an employee to do their job, so from now on that employee will expect payment if you want to open cases, if you refuse they'll say you cant open the boxes. . #2. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ Where did you get the idea to even pay the employee 🤣 I've never had to do that and I've found multiple supers this year. 95% of the time the employees are just happy to let you do their job for free . #3. "Scalpers" rarely if ever do this. It's a lose-lose situation
🤣😂🤣
Bro, I want you to comment this every time someone says soup 😂😉
😂🤣 seriously??? Yet most of you had no issues paying $20+ for the white Camaro they made. I swear no on here is logical anymore
Right, that's why I perfer Instagram. Much batter attitude and community there
[pretty sure it's this 🤡](https://www.reddit.com/r/hotwheels/comments/a0ocim)
BUY THEM ALL!! $200 IN PROFITS!!
I know haha
Now that's who you call a scalper
Right
Yep, you've caught me. 🙄
Wow that almost sounded sincere
Worst STH ever. I'd rather spend a bit less and get the retro entertainment version metal on metal 🤣🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
I've got an Audi if you're. Interested
Any of these up for sale or.trade?
Yes
[according to Google..](https://i.imgur.com/tXXccHD.png)
I knew right away cause I tried to trade or it and he kept saying "I don't even know what's it's worth" over and over again
This is why I moved to Instagram, much better community there. Here proof [my Instagram post](https://www.instagram.com/p/BoM9ypzAZKe/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&amp;igshid=1gft0egn4hzyf) VS my [Reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/hotwheels/comments/9j82sh)
Read the comments on both posts.
Yes sir! DM me
Yeah it's crazy how different the response is, you can clearly see it
Got any trade bait?
🤣😂 I'm waiting till the other half shows up 🤣
SCALPER!!! /S
Lol
Lol the sub Reddit would explode
Any of these up for trade?
Right, 😭
$4?!? Pass
🤷‍♂️
Bro chill, I said ID PASS
High fives all around!
I don't hype anything on here.
Yep, I told that guy to run back in and buy all the gassers 😂 and resell them to get the "bag"
Real riders are a must! Also found the tow chain (idk what they're actually called) go to hobby lobby and some some very small chains from the jewelry making section
[This should explain it better (read the captions)](https://imgur.com/a/batDRjG)
I influenced it? Don't get why I'm being blamed
I'm not seeing any supers in this pic
Nope
That's a super, what you have isn't. Look at the wheels and look for the TH logo on the license plate.
Pic of the bottom?
Can't tell, looks like some kind of slot car
From HW premium releases like car culture or pop culture. Most of the time at local shows people sell cars with real riders for $2-3
Yo, that looks just like my uncle 🤣😂
🤣
You see the rest of his work? Absolutely mind blowing
You didn't open all 40?!?
I'd have a panic attack if I'd left even one case untouched
Right, they're all over Instagram too
Why not?!
They are posted on Reddit and Instagram lol
What do you need for smokey?
Money
Any up for sale.or.trade?
Bro, can you make link an album or something? You made 19 posts in the last 24 hours. It's kinda annoying
Did you read the last part? IT'S ANNOYING
Mine still haven't shipped 🤦‍♂️
Buy a Carney case
Any for sale or for trade?
I'm interested, if you got pics?
Real riders and JDM
Nice work!! Here my [go at them from earlier this year](https://i.imgur.com/1fgoTvm.jpg)
What were the prices on some of these?
Tomica, tarmac works, kyosho, and a few others I can't remember atm
Damn, any for sale or trade?
Just gos to prove my point right?
Fuck that!
Well.... It's official. This sub is mostly filled of complete idiots.
Green light, lately is terrible. They switched from quality to qualitiy
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 *breath* 🤣🤣🤣😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣😂🤣🤣
Ah.. the old Reddit salt mines. Lots of collectors down there.
You gotta at least wrap it up so he doesn't know
Lol
STOP looking for supers. You'll go crazy for sure
More like every 6 months
Focus on premium lines car culture and so on. Way better then supers IMO and they're easier to find. If you keep looking for supers you'll start to hate to hobby.
That was my second guess haha
Is it too late to sign up?
You'll never be caught up 😂🤣
Next year
You made these?
What kind of a looser does this lol
Bad ass!!! Where did you get white decals from?
Well I signed up. 🙄 Let's see how it goes lol
Amazing work!
I missed that pink Datsun 😭😭
Something about licensing movie cars is different then licenses for production scale models is what I was told.
Any clear is fine. But automotive grade clear is the best
Clean!
If you get it, interested bus getting rid off one?
Lol you had over a month
Shut up.
🤣🤣🤣 [fuck you!!!](https://i.imgur.com/PMeQs2w.gif)
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
Right! Most of the time when I sell it's just to break even. For example I'll buy 3 rlc cars and sell one for $60 and essentially get the other 2 for free. Obviously this guy is just greedy. He heard they go for $100 so he wants a $100. Didn't even do any research just assumed the price and expected everyone here to buy them blindly lol. I don't know if I'm more upset about him trying to sell on here for a ridiculous price or that he think we're all stupid enough to buy at that price lol
Bro, you're missing a big ass spoiler and a 5inch straight pipe exhaust
I mean.... It's kinda your fault for waiting this long 😂🤣 targets are like this all across the US for some reason. From what I've heard, Mattel is behind and the target AND Walmart warehouse are empty
That what I'm saying, any thing I sell and make a profit out of goes right back into this hobby (that's how I got all of the 510 supers lol) honestly speaking it's only worth being a scalper if you live in California or Texas (that where Mattel imports their stuff to) since they get it first and the gotta have it now gang spends ridiculous prices on them lol. Buy the time it gets here ( Michigan for example) the car isn't even worth 10% of the original secondary market value. For example when the blue gasser first it it was selling for $250 easily. By the time they hit here they barely went for $40
Only one store here got 30 cases and it was all old L and M case 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ will everyone else got 2019 B case
Pics of the inside would help
Wow that's even worse. Guys like him ruin the hobby.
Yeah it's been real dry. Im just one super away from meeting my goal, I doubt that's gonna happen now with the way things are going
Got a pic
What?!? You don't like the ACR look?? That's such a bad ass car!
Exactly
Ok, how'd you get these?
So your next thought was, "great I'll sell them for $100 each"? Btw scalpers also go out and try to get their hands on stuff.... Soo I'm still at convinced
Yeah! The ones from AutoZone you can just stick on with 3m tape lol!
True
Right! While everyother store in the country gets B case
Of course I don't want one 🤣 I've already found like 20+ and given them out to my local friends. Secondly I'm not complaining. If you really need the money, work on getting a better career cause I promise you scalping won't work out.
Mono block wheels
I'd recommend going on Instagram, ton of guys on there with great work!
[well here's some of the AMAZING work you're missing.](https://imgur.com/a/N2l7ulm) I've never seen anyone on this sub get near anything I've seen on Instagram.
Nah, he looks like a Chevy or ford guy lol
And they still can't afford to fix their shitty site. Smh
Nah, Mopar guys aren't that crazy
Have you been living in a cave?
That's a terrible idea. That's basically saying fuck premium cars. Mattel should only make mainlines.
First issue. WAY TO MANY 55 gassers coming out lately. Mattel would really put some casting on the back burner for a few years such as the both 510's, 55 gasser, 67 Camaro and so on. Secondly issue is that Mattel no longer has licenses for some of the casting you chose like the Bugatti and Koenigsegg. Lastly your hall of favorites line up has technically all ready happened with 2018 fan favorites line. Here my changes Cars and Donuts 2 * 66 Chevy Nova (not the gasser) * Tesla Model S * Honda Civic type r * Dodge Demon * Porsche 993 American Classics * 66 Chevy Nova * 69 Camaro * 55 Corvette * 69 Mustang boss 302 * 69 Dodge Charger Speed Addicts * 2017 Ford GT Race * 2018 Ford Mustang GT * 2018 Dodge Demon * 17 Chevy Camaro ZL1 * Lamborghini Hurican Exotic Emporium * McLaren P1 * lotus? * Lamborghini LP 620-2 Super Trofeo * Pagani Huayra * McLaren Senna Modern rides (Everyday normal looking stock cars) * 2011 Dodge charger (police decal) * BMW M3 * Audi RS 6 Avant * Civic type r * Corvette stingray Just my thoughts
Kool kombis had a premium release, though it was through convention and RLC releases
Took you an hour to do a base swap??
Just a reminder, MAINLINES ARE MEANT FOR KIDS. that's why we have fantasy cars. Also it's pretty hard to keep your selling price at $1 if all of your cars are licensed.
They show up in E case, though some have been found in D case
I collection 2011 and up (with a few exceptions) but yeah 2012 is hard to get for a good price 😭
I've had a few of them. They all seem to flake sooner or later. 2007 supers are a BIG gamble to own long term
Thank you
Thx
I know I am!!
I need the box set, not the individual supers. Thanks though!
Nice!
Like I said I've gone through a few Enzo's and skylines. But never kept any. Just not into the risk of having them flake down the road
Weird? Mine haven't flaked 🤔
No, I'd rather have the box sets haha
You got a dpci?
Looks better that way
On the receipt
Thank you homie!!
Got a pic?
Why do the wheels look super tiny
I hope so too lol
Yep 😭
Doesn't look right
I only collect 2011 and up
[CARNEY PLASTICS!!!!!!!](http://imgur.com/a/4SO5Zrq)
Carney cases can hold up to 144 (if you get the 144ct)
For real clear/white looks way [better](https://i.imgur.com/DTvnOSJ.jpg)
[here](https://shop.carneyplastics.com/Hot-Wheels-Display-Cases-Cases-for-Multiple-Loose-Cars-C152.aspx?gclid=Cj0KCQjwocPnBRDFARIsAJJcf965faf7z4q2ywsVKFoFtoCRJ7d0z5jjyRCdHRKbAq4_Jn5vwh7CKIIaAuzjEALw_wcB)
Use an xacto [premium](https://www.instagram.com/p/Bh5New1nJIL/?igshid=1ovrosmenki1q) [mainline](https://www.instagram.com/p/Bk6u-g2BvDf/?igshid=1tw0d0pif34tj)
You gotta click [here](https://i.imgur.com/GQxnPIA.png) Then select [clear back](https://i.imgur.com/BCV3seY.png)
That's the best way to do it. No other way for premium cars. You can try acetone but it's not fun to breath in
I personally get clear back, then use white poster paper to make a white back
Finally someone understands me lmao
Just wanted to mention, get a clear back, not mirrored
Harder to take pics with a mirrored back. Looks meh in my opinion. Clear is better cause you can put a background color if you want or just let your wall be the background. I've had both and for me , the clear is the absolute winner
Did you really just say paper fence? 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
As I mentioned about 12 times, literally yesterday. CARNEY CASES
I've got the 993 loose
There's definitely a stop on June 8th. Already announced. &gt; June 8th Washington DC
I'm guess it's here Walmart Supercenter 407 George Clauss Blvd, Severn, MD 21144 (410) 582-9990
Most likely at this location Walmart Supercenter 407 George Clauss Blvd, Severn, MD 21144 (410) 582-9990
Bro, I live in Michigan. That's all the info I can get you lol
Bro, I live in Michigan. That's all the info I can get you lol
Got pics?
You need to calm you nips homie
That's sweet. But probably won't make much of a difference price wise
Premium looks like it's got a lift kit on it haha
What's the process? No one really explained it
So where do you line up for the van? Do they put a sign? Or is it a mad dash once the van shows up?
Where you find this info?
Man, that's only in LA. At one location
I mean.... I ain't gonna leave behind 94¢ wheel doners lol why should you?
Cry me a river
I agree, this is my absolute favorite body style of the MODERN charger. This one is no longer mine sadly. Was totaled a few months ago.
Where you find this?
Don't understand why you're defending yourself against these whinny babies lol. No need to explain yourself fam. You do you.
Thanks bro!
Oh man, the dart was slow!! Thought about getting one for the winter months but the power different between my Hemi and the 4 banger was no acceptable lol
Thanks bro! I really do miss her. The guy who bought the totaled car, restored it. But completely scrapped the original look 😭
Right. The car I ended up going with was the Cruse Hatchback a few years later. Now that car was a blast!!
Lmao!!! Good choice!
Damn, looks expensive
That's a huge safety hazard. You need tie down, and an oversized load sogn
Try me lol
Don't use rubber bands!! They dry up over time and crack. Shoe laces are too thick. Try just plain old yarn
The prices that are on some cars are not valid. They are from an older toy show
If you got a jeweler saw, time, some bondo, super glue and a ton of patience you can make one just like it!! But you'll need a TON of patience lol I'm speaking from [experience](https://i.imgur.com/ugqdUQj.jpg)
Dm me if you can. Thx
For you? Absolutely free!!! DM me your address and I'll send them your way 😁
You're telling me 😭😭 I has an extra pair of them, loose of course. Sold them for $180 as a pair 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ saw them go for $400 a month later on eBay.
Can you not read? Dm me you addy
🤷‍♂️ didn't get it.
Fine lol
Trying to cure myself
Right!! Didn't even know I had this many!!
Old news!
For real! Had a guy whining to be about not finding anything because of "people like me" I didn't live anywhere near that guy! Like WTF?!?
Bro we weren't even in the same state. They just whine for no reason
Those are way to big
Haha, I thought I was over paying when I scooped up a few wagons for $8 each. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ Really regretted not buying more at the time.
Thanks
I'll look into it, thanks!
I agree!
Lol I'm powerless over hot wheels and anything JDM/Real Rider has made me poor AF especially the 510 wagon 🤣 Happy?
Should've stripped the paint first
In for 1200
No way in hell you'll miss lmao. Unless you literally end up dead or are really really really stupid. Sale begins at 12pm eastern on June 11 and ends Monday night June 17th I believe (don't quote me.) You can order as many as you want because these are going to be made to order. So if you order 5 you're guaranteed 5. If you order 100, you're guaranteed 100. So in other words just remember to order and you wont have to rely on anyone else.
Sure. Then one year from now you'll be the one commenting "I wish I got one, now I have to pay scalper price" 🤷‍♂️ you may as well just order one or 2. You never know what future you will like.
So you gonna show us what you got or...
I gotta ask, what is GTA. Cause when I read it Immediately think of Grand Theft Auto lol
The yellow absolutely does pop. Go look on the RLC forums for pics of the real thing. It's gorgeous!!
🤷‍♂️ that's just what they all do. I bet if downvotes werent anonymous we'd see a lot left of them.
Wasn't it $70 a box plus shipping? Honestly doesn't seem worth it in my opinion
Shit, maybe I should do a mystery box with all of my shit!
Lmao!
Hmm 🤔🤔 I'll look into it?
Only so much hot wheels can add and still keep the car under $1. You gotta give them some credit
It be a pretty expensive box at that point. Close to or passed $100 each I was thinking 1-2 super/convention 1-3 car culture 1-2 mainline (most likely zamacs)
Lol, I'm thinking somewhere around $70-100. You're guaranteed at least one super/convention car
Ok, thank you!
Probably somewhere between $70-$100 each. Either 4 or 5 cars per box 1 guaranteed super/convention piece
Most of the stuff was sitting around doing nothing or it was stuff I was hoarding for no reason. Plus the environments gotten pretty toxic. And Malaysians are stealing more supers and ever so nothing's ending up in the cases.
It's all about making sure the you get what you pay VS me getting what the stuff is worth. For example if I sell boxes at $70 each. My goal is to put $65-70 worth of cars in there. Some boxes will have $80-90 worth of cars some will have $55-60, so sure I can definitely put more then one super. But it won't be something like the 993 and 934.5 supers. Unless of course I raise the box price. But then I'll have less buyers. So again it's all about balance
Probably 4 or 5
The mainlines I mostly have are zamacs, red editions and a few treasure hunts. So it's nothing stupid like Velocita lol But it'll definitely be a fair box.
Depends on you luck!
Will do
I decided to chance the way I'm going about selling my stuff. I'm sorry
Thanks! Doing a small trial run if you're interested
It was cool until you put the mirrors on. 🤦‍♂️
I've decided to do loose and carded boxes separately especially since I'll be adding higher value stuff in the loose boxes. (Possibly candy Striper 🤔🤔🤔)
I wanted to add, your selection of cars will be chosen by a member of my family and not me. They know absolutely nothing about Hot wheels and don't care for them lol
Really? Cause convention, RLC and supers hold the most value in those boxes. Don't know if you saw my pics or not, but almost none of it is low end junk.
🤷‍♂️ gonna see how this goes first
Makes sense
I don't mind it,
Yeah, it's been news for about 2-3 weeks now. Most likely they'll be announcing the ID series
You made the same post 11 days ago. Stop
Whatcha need for that loose 510?
Everything has a price
$500 cash.
Haha
7-8 from what I heard
Where did you find them?
What?
Due to mostly negative feedback and I was unable to find a way to sell these boxes in a way where I was protected from people who didn't like what they got and could potentially dispute the charge, I decided just to price everything out and sell them individually.
Today or tomorrow. Just finishing up taking pics, gonna start pricing them soon
Damn, that a decent fake.
Not a treasure hunt.
Bro, haven't you read the rules?!? You cant post any super finds or else you get downvotes for days!! You're only allowed to post crappy peg warmers mainlines with some stupid title like "lady luck helped me out today" 🤣😂 Keep up the good work! My best record was 14 supers in 2 days! I miss those days.
Not a treasure hunt. Mattel uses the symbol for there stuff too.
It's also from 2007 where treasure hunts were just basic versions on supers.
As much as I agree with you, you're just beating the same old horse and expecting different results. I've stopped posting my hauls and try to avoid posting as much as possible. You can't change the direction this community is heading, because of all the jealousy. You find more then one super, you're a scalper. You find a super, you're a scalper. You buy more then one or 2 of a casting you like, you're a scalper You have any sort of luck or find anything other then a mainline, you're a scalper. Thats all this community know how to do. Instead of a congratulations, they immediately downvote, then call you a scalper or belittle you for not leaving anything behind "for the children" I got bitched at a.few weeks ago from a guy blaming me because I took what I liked and he couldn't find anything. The thing about that is, I live more then 1000 miles away from him. How is it my fault his lazy and decides to blame his failures on me?
1. Not offended at all. Thanks for looking. 2.im getting rid of all the extra stuff that's just sitting around. (Around 80% of my collection) Plus I'm really bored. 3. I have many reasons. Some being, I want to only focus on my loose collection. I'm bored as well as tired of what the community in general has become. Need to save up money for something.
Replied
Right! Was lucky enough to get a bin to myself. Was planning on keeping them all, but decided against it.
Replied
Damn Really? Let me get a total and I'll let you know
Haha is begging to be spent!!
So you're saying, just because I don't share my find with your lazy ass and score more super then you, I'm not a real collector? What kind of bullshit world do you live in?
Replied
I'm not giving up, just slowing way the f down
I'm calm homie.
Ok, explain to me what's he's saying then.
Replied
Absolutely.
Awe damn, is someone upset they can afford my cars? A good chunk of the cars there are way below retail. As for most of them, they are under retail. But you know what! I could definitely raffle these off for double eBay prices!🤔🤔
I didn't make any bets. Every car there was either part of a complete set, a wheel donors or a future custom. My custom set up didn't pan out, so I no longer need wheel donors or future cars for customizing.
I've never flaked on anyone here. I'll absolutely sell my cars to someone who tosses money at me first, been burned many, many times for holding cars for someone and not getting paid for them. You can ask me about cars all day long, but if someone else is ready to pay what I'm asking, obviously I'm not going to wait for any other offers. As with everyone, my prices are negotiable. You want something, DM an offer. You call me a scalper cause I sell stuff over retail, but tell me honestly, would you sell me your supers for $1? And lastly, I owe you nothing and I sure as hell don't owe this community anything. I've given all I can back and all I get in return is people like you that just complain and call me "that guy".
Absolutely, how else do you think I afford my higher end cars.
For sure. That why IG is so much better!
Only reason people get pissed is cause I actually point out their bullshit or cause I have something they want.
Appreciate it bro! At least some people know the real me.
Prove it.
✋
Yep, but that's the internet for you
Even better! Bye! 😘😘
Didn't get it
ScAlPeR.
I didn't get you message bro
Dmed
ScAlPeR
I'm sure I'll have tons of stuff left. Plus more lol
That's how the sub is now a days.
That's the nicest M2 I've ever seen, chase or no chase!
Around 15-20 different cars from what I've seen
I decline this challenge.
Appreciate it bro! 👊👊 Don't really have any fire at the moment, but I did open [these](https://i.imgur.com/ahBynHJ.jpg) Wednesday night
Good luck, the track is $180... Fuck that
They had to raise them to make sure they were loop compatible. The regular Aston is way too low
Apple store
Was it? 🤷‍♂️ Didn't know. Thanks!
Where'd you find out this info?
Appreciate it
Yes
The viper is apparently an Apple exclusive
Metal on metal, real riders and spectraflame paint.
Get a refund
Johnny Lightning has always made imports. Nothing new.
*won't
3:30?!! And you were still #29? What the fuck 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
That's why I love eBay policy. A few months ago I paid a ridiculously amount for a short card GTR super. Arrived from over seas in a bag with a plastic protectors. Card was ruined and blister was cracked. Buyer wouldn't refund till I paid to have it shipped back. Said fuck it and eBay involved. They gave me a refund and let me keep the car 😁
I was ready to ship it back, but he refused to pay for shipping. No way I was going to cough up even more $$ to ship back a damaged product internationally
Yep! Got quite a few big orders!
There's the figure from?
🤷‍♂️ RLC is full of old grouchy oold guys that complain about too much JDM, who then go and jack off to any new release of the 67 Camaro or 55 gasser. Just my guess though. Personally I wanted the 17 Raptor or 510 to win.
Lake up less room on shelfs. Much better for international stores since they carry tons of diecast
This, I've seen people pull supers from the bottom
Terrible casting. If they added a windshield, I'd say it would improve by 50%
There's another one coming out later this year in a Gulf theme
[the 100 is my shit!!!](https://i.imgur.com/ZTJNWzV.gif)
The new movie was awful. Wouldn't recommend it
I passed on the fantasy cars. 🤷‍♂️ Just not my thing. But I'm going to go back for a second Viper
Same as the civic super
Yep, civic super was the same color
Way to Rich for my taste. But I only collect to display, not to play. Haha Enjoy it! Looks like fun
Looks like J case
For sure!! Most of it was low end stuff. Still have tons of high end stuff I need gone
?
Yeah, I got 37 orders from all of my posts combined, then spend the last 3 days packing
I did. Literally got no bites lol
Yeah I know, can't wait!
It's gonna do what all Mattel sdcc merch doesn't going to sell at $100+ for the first few months. A year later you'll be lucky if you sell it for more then $40
Have you been loving under a rock lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/a2fjgl
I will start accepting order in the morning.
For sure
I wish the pic was in focus
Cargo had 1 VW suniagun and 3 gulf transit vans Circuit Legends had 2 full sets Shot trucks had 1 VW Caddy 3 Ecolines
Yep, currently they're whining about Neo wheels being better then Real Riders
That's what I'm doing. Everything in those pics were supposed to be wheel donors or customs, but it didn't work out. I'd rather use the money and save up for a better 1:1 car
Wow another gasser 🙄🙄🙄 bet all the old people are jacking it now. Bet as soon as another JDM car comes, they'll all start rioting
I agree the paint and decals are great. I'm definitely going to try and get one. But enough with the same 4-5 casting over and over again in RLC. I'm so tired of seeing the 67 Chevy, the 55 gasser, Datsun 510, Datsun 240z and so on. Give me something new!!
For real! Show me some euro love. Let me get an RS6 Avant from RLC
I'll be waiting
You got pics?
It's made up
The app will be put for Android mid to late July from what I heard
Right🤣 $20 says he was using am old bit and applying way too much pressure EDIT: looks like he went through the interior plastic too 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
🤫🤫🤫🤫 lol not all of them
No point in putting in the trade album. Apple stores are packed full of these. Just my local store has 55 of each car in stock
So... Your fault. Not mattels. I recommend you spend a bit more and get a drill bit that's meant for metal. It'll cut like a hot knife through butter. Takes me less then 5 seconds per rivet will little to no pressure at all.
🤷‍♂️ only solution I have for you then, is to buy premium cars.
Glad everything got there safely!
Maybe when I quit.... Or die 🤣
Nope.
Why not?
Lots of $$$$$$#
Missed what?
Will do! 👊👊👊
I've got a sealed case for sale. $50 plus shipping. (Less then retail)
Yes, DM me
Still selling stuff lol, DM me
Got it
You're welcome bud!
Glad everything arrived safe!!
Are you willing to sell it? I have lots of trade bait or Money
Looks carded to me.
Might as well, I'd rather pay $40 for 2 datsuns rather than $100+ for 1
Man, you let him go in and buy the $1 cars, and use him to get you a second Datsun for yourself lol
Well.... Since I'm already being downvoted..... It's a secret.
🤷‍♂️ I get downvoted for literally everytime I post, comment, or am mentioned in someone else's post. Doesn't bother me, but seriously some people have no lives.
I don't have any, but that's what I'm saying!
Right. 🤷‍♂️ Really wish I could see who downvoted me everytime. Just to know who my biggest fan is lol
Holy shit!!! You added a windshield!! Someone get this man a job at Mattel!??
I 100% recommend a dry erase marker. Used one to get paint and sharpie off one of my loose 510 wagon supers (previous owner was an idiot). Did absolutely no damage to the paint and took off everything after applying it multiple times and whipping it off. Patience is key for this
Here's another fine [example](https://i.imgur.com/luew3Ku.png) literally made a helpful comment.
Nah, that's just me downvoting you lmao /s [this](https://i.imgur.com/vs0gsE8.gif)
Absolutely
Don't mind him, he's almost a bigger asshole than me....almost.
You win this week lol, only cause I don't want to crack open one of my green datsuns
DM me
I havent opened one yet haha, bought off of these loose. The guy you're talking about, is the the one in Canada?
I'd love to buy more carded ones, but they doubled in pice over the last year. It's ridiculous
Didn't get one, so I dmed you
Mini GT is between $12-15 not bad at all. But like I said for a $1 car its stunning!
I think Mr. White said it [best](https://i.imgur.com/0MhSlNR.gif)
"son of a bitch" lmao!! Definitely did that shot on purpose
(6. JDM!!!
I'm ~~stealing~~ borrowing this idea
No
Super sex sounds like soup or sex.
Super sex sounds like soup or sex.
They already have.
Asking the real questions!
Seriously, screw Morgan. He ruined the whole show in my opinion. It went from a mother willing to do anything to protect her family to some jackass that want to leave/give away tons of survival material to help others. Fuck that nonsense. Don't get me wrong, help out those who really need it scan be trusted. No just some random Joe who'll track down your operation and kill your group while also poisoning the food and water. His morals do not work in this world.
That now how that works. You had to go to the window next to the machine and ask for it
Should've just got it off eBay instead is spending $160.
I'm in!! Good luck all
Sounds like a threat lmao
I think twin mill is the best one. The rest look kinda wack, especially the deora
Go to then self checkout 🤣
Loose
Hold up. Let me see this 4 week car.
Nope
Gotcha, there is some good news though. 1, eBay will definitely side with you and you'll get a refund. 2, DM 1stopdiecast on Instagram, he's selling all 4 Ferraris (yellow and red F40 and whatever the other 2 were) for $275 plus shipping. Got mine a few days after ordering in perfect condition.
No idea. I get downvoted all the time. Just shrug it off. Downvotes mean nothing.
Lmao!! You know you're a low life when you dig through the trash to scalp 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
Interested in the black gasser
Gay!!!!!! 😂
Check you apple stores
🌰
Can't, those are all international
What supers? I could use my corvette back lol
I think you're wrong about including hoarders under that definition. A scalpers has the sole intention of buying to sell as much as possible and as quick as possible. While a hoarder could have many reasons to hoard cars.
I use to be. Now I only hoard premium 510 wagons. 😁
Because of how people act on this sub now a days, I can't tell if you're serious or not.
I passed on them
No
Time to retire and buy a lakeside property. Maybe a jet and a casino too!
Thanks!
Oh man, should've told me earlier, I already ran it over.
🤣😂 at least with you know you won't see it listed on eBay with a starting bid of $500 lmao
Crooked tampos!
Absolutely!
For sure! Wasn't even that long. Got there at 5, had my Datsun in hand by 8:15
It depends
Don't forget the toy story pizza planet truck!
Got a custom enlarged card made from a friend
Kinda, but you gotta have a original card back to send him. That's why I didn't get myself an RLC bre 510 card back lol
Sold cars out of my trunk lol
Just 1 $100. Rest are $50's and $20's
I'm 100% sure they did it to prove, collectors/scalpers will go crazy of very any chase even if it's a toilet.
Bro... Did you even try looking [yourself?](https://i.imgur.com/wWQnf4u.png) Literally took me less then 10 seconds
They came with stickers. Whoever owned the car had to put them on.
They both are pretty close. 2 Major differences are one electric and AWD, the other is a V8 and RWD Model 3 0-60 in 4.5 seconds with a top speed of 145mph Challenger 0-60 in 5.1 seconds with a top speed is limited to 155mph
Paint?
[I had an exact match for my old car. Miss it everyday.](https://i.imgur.com/ce9o7rg.jpg) Waiting for hot wheels on release a blue model 3, hopefully it's close enough.
Gonna guess no soup, cause it's international case.
Love how most of you think when someone questions your comments, they’re mad. 😂🤣
Needs to be purple with a downvote button instead.
I gotta be totally honest with you. And I hope you don’t take this the wrong way. Your quality is going down. I looked at the last few cars you posted and it shows. Paint isn’t smooth, decals are cut as on piece instead of individually, and on the red one, looks like you scratched the paint next to the side window. I personally think you’re rushing it way to much. Sure you probably need inventory or eBay, but is rushing them out to fill up your store worth the loss in quality?
They’re based one Rotiform BLQ’s
🤐
Like I said, it’s based off of it. Not an exact copy other whose they’d have to pay for it
Depends on what you’re selling and how much you’re selling. eBay takes 10% of total sale and paypal takes another 2.9% plus 30¢ So for example you sell a car for $20 shipped. PayPal will take 88¢ and eBay will take around $2 Leaving you with $17.12. Average shipping for 1 car from MI to CA is $5 via USPS first class. Add another $1 for packaging material and were at $6 for shipping Leaving you with $11.12 after subtracting your cost you’ll end up with your profit. Imo eBay works with big ticket items, but with mainlines you’ll either be losing money or making pennies after all is said and done
How are your customs selling? Do you get a ton of traffic? Thinking about listing my stuff on there
Would you mind sharing what you sold and how much you made? You can dm if if you feel more comfortable that way. If you don’t want to share I understand that too. Looking for a way I can move my customs and make some money back haha
They weren’t sedens, they were coupes
Thanks
Haha but then people would want a plain one instead
Yeah, this is the RLC one
Yeah, applied tampos then 4 coats of 2k gloss clear
Keep practicing bro! Eventually an RLC will feel like any other cat you modify. Wait till you see what I’m doing with the Lamborghini Countach
Thanks bro!
Thanks
Free track pieces for the suckers that fall for this.
1 is still be best imo
Depends on a bunch of variables. Site performance, casting, quantity, and demand. Ranges from 6 minutes to 2 hours
Ditto
You might want to delete this posts it shows a phone number up top
Ight, imma call you
I can see your decal outlines, gotta work on that
Thanks homie! 👊
Thanks bro!
Thank you 🙏
Where are your decals from?
Thanks homie 👊 what’s the turn around time?
Awesome, thanks for the ingo
It’s Jun Imai’s tuner company. In my personal opinion, it’s a complete scam to buy any hot wheels off of him. From what I’ve heard and seen his work starts at $300 and just goes up from there. Last year at The LA convention he sold a custom car for $1000. There are much better and more talented customizes out there that won’t charge you an arm and a leg for customs.
Replace 510 with 55 gasser and let’s see how you feel lmao
Idk bro, taking pics of these little thing is super easy for me. Takes me like 2 minutes haha Let me know what you think https://imgur.com/a/Arry2Kr
Stop hiding in the shade!!! Let’s see it under the sunlight!
That’s the trunk lid on my Challenger haha. Black cars make excellent photos as long as they’re CLEAN!!
Correct! It’s the trunk on my Challenger
iPhone 11 Pro, is a god tier camera. Look into it
*Challenger https://imgur.com/a/sgKxFi4
