What little I know of him, he’s had a life full of dealing with difficult situations and going it mostly alone. He doesn’t strike me as the kind of person who takes much shit.
I “got it” in my previous response to you. You’ve added nothing with this second comment. Was there something additional you think I need to “get?”
I was actually curious if this could be some sort of dance training — balance and smooth movement being the challenge of it. The feet are in a pointed position, and the paper on the head will fall off if you move too jerky. Obviously hazardous, but I wonder!
I mean...that’s a totally legit thing to say. It doesn’t, however, mean you’re any more wise than those same teenagers.
I believe the group is Girls Generation (SNSD), one of the biggest and most successful kpop phenomenons ever.
tl;dr: Looking for a great place in Miami to shoot 360 video / audio — a spot that “captures” a particular Miami vibe. Hey, folks! Last year I started a hobby of shooting immersive video / audio for use in VR headsets, etc. It’s just something I do for fun while traveling, mostly. I’m going to be in Miami for a morning / afternoon later this month, and I’d love to get a video or two while I’m there. What I need from you are suggestions on where I might find an interesting place to shoot! The kinds of locations I like are: * visually interesting in all directions * somewhere a camera / mic can be set up and left running for up to an hour (I’m usually hidden somewhere within 20 foot or so, but no always) * something that exemplifies a certain “vibe” I’d love any suggestions you might have! I have a few vague ideas already based on previous trips to Miami, including... * south beach * the port (if that would be legal) * the everglades * little havana ...but I’d love any great ideas you might have, including specifics (i.e. cafe names, street corners, whatever). Thanks a bunch!
Oh! Shoot, how did I miss that this was December — thank you!
tl;dr: Looking for a great place in Miami to shoot 360 video / audio — a spot that “captures” a particular Miami vibe. Hey, folks! Last year I started a hobby of shooting immersive video / audio for use in VR headsets, etc. It’s just something I do for fun while traveling, mostly. I’m going to be in Miami for a morning / afternoon later this month, and I’d love to get a video or two while I’m there. What I need from you are suggestions on where I might find an interesting place to shoot! The kinds of locations I like are: * visually interesting in all directions * somewhere a camera / mic can be set up and left running for up to an hour (I’m usually hidden somewhere within 20 foot or so, but no always) * something that exemplifies a certain “vibe” I’d love any suggestions you might have! I have a few vague ideas already based on previous trips to Miami, including... * south beach * the port (if that would be legal) * the everglades * little havana ...but I’d love any great ideas you might have, including specifics (i.e. cafe names, street corners, whatever). Thanks a bunch!
Those are great ideas! Thank you. The rig is usually on a tripod. When leaving it running, I‘ll typically look for a spot nearby (within 20 feet or so) where I can be hidden from view but still keep my eyes on the camera / mic levels through my phone or the occasional visual check. It really depends on the situation. There have been a few times where I’ve set it up in secluded enough places that I just go on a walk and leave it to do it’s thing, since the risk of other people happening across it and messing with it is so low. Thanks again for the ideas — I’ll scope out the beach entrances!
I’m questioning how OP wrote their post. Keep up.
Yes, what an original idea — disliking a type of music. *Finally* someone has the sense to voice their opinion about musical styles! We’ve been waiting so long for such a thing to happen, and we can all rest easy now that this redditor has gone and done it.
...yes?
What about just social acceptance of de-gendering clothing? Wouldn’t the ultimate goal be to live in a world where people are wearing clothes that they feel comfortable / great in, full stop? I ask because as a person who doesn’t crossdress, I’m curious about whether or not the appeal is the “cross” part or the “dress” part. Is it a desire to subvert norms, or just a desire to wear certain kinds of clothes that happen to be commonly considered “women’s” or “men’s?”
&gt; Why is utter hogwash. Because there is nothing inherently “male” or “female” about any fabric, pattern, texture, style, cut, length, angle, outfit, etc. It’s all societal and cultural, and we can and should change those things when we realize there is no good reason for them to be the way they are. &gt; Their are certain clothes that emasculates and make angus look stupid... In your opinion. I’m not even sure I know what the concept of “emasculate” is supposed to mean at this point. What is a “male” role or identity, and why do you think those roles or identities are so weak and fragile that they can be ruined by wearing a piece of fabric cut in a certain shape? You do realize how pathetic that sounds, right? What “man” would be so chicken-shit? &gt; and their certain clothes that make women look dum. Ah, yes...”looking dum.” The nightmare of all women. Here’s something to ponder. Why do you give a shit what people look like, and why do you think they should give a shit what you think they look like? I couldn’t give two fucks what you think someone else looks like, especially not after reading this comment. &gt; Genders shouldn’t just switch clothes like that. The entire point of the comment you responded to is that the idea that clothes are gender-specific is garbage, so what kind of meaningful response is it to say “genders shouldn’t switch clothes like that?” What do you mean “switch?” Why do you think certain clothes are “owned” by certain genders? Spare us your “should” statements until you have something better than “looking dum” to back them up. &gt; It’s fucking weird... Again, your opinion is noted and promptly chucked into the nearest bin. Why should anyone care what you think looks weird? &gt; ...and casts into light your sexuality. So. The fuck. What? Guess whose business my sexuality is? *Not yours.* I couldn’t care any less about what you think my sexuality is or anyone else’s, just like I couldn’t care any less what your sexuality is. It doesn’t matter. If you want to make guesses about people’s sexuality based on their clothing, go for it. But where does that get you? What does that tell you? What can you do with your guess, now that you’ve made it? Fuck all. You are on the back-side of this issue, and views like yours are quickly going to be left in the dustbin of history.
It’s interesting that you think OP wouldn’t exercise even the tiniest bit of common sense.
Way to miss the point. Ideation is a concept. As are personal preference, risk aversion, and openness to new ideas and experiences. Shock horror — something that wouldn’t work for you might be a great way for someone else to find new ideas and get motivated.
Doesn’t matter. This person is just being a curmudgeon, it seems. I like your idea, OP. I likely won’t participate since I have another “theme” brewing for 2020, but I’ll definitely keep it in mind!
No need to stay away from anything. My comments are just about where I would suggest starting if you’re trying to ease your mom into things. Jeju is harder to get around, but it’s 100% doable if you’re prepared for some potential and temporary frustrations (I spent 10 minutes in a running cab trying to figure out how to say the word “circus” in Korean — the poor driver).
If I’m usually correct, FSM have mercy on us all. ;) Happy new year!
This conundrum only really affects people who make positive assertions like “prayer works,” and depends entirely on what they mean by “work.” It could be that they mean it can help to “talk things out” when they’re troubling you, or to express gratitude in the day to day. If that were the case, they would almost certainly be correct and the conversation would be over, although you could continue to talk about other methods of achieving the same benefits (mantras, meditation, therapy, etc). But if they mean “requests made in my prayers are granted at a rate consistently higher than those I don’t pray about,” then you’re right that they would then need to be able to back up that claim, and that’s notoriously difficult to get anyone to do, partly because it’s not easy to put a pin in what the claim actually is (what are these requests, how likely were they to come about anyway, what kind of increase are we talking about, and other factors), but also because it would in all honesty be very hard to devise a test to really get at the spirit of the claim unless they’re being *very* exact about it, which I find very few people are.
&gt; Had a quick look at her wikipedia page, it looks like she’s some variety of non-binary given that she’s cool with both he/him and she/her pronouns. Yes! That’s what I found fascinating. He’s “trans” in that he just doesn’t seem to care all that much about that construct and feels he exists in all corners of it at various times. A lesbian man with breasts and a crisp goatee. It’s a beautiful thing. I think in his case, the labels are unable to capture what’s going on, which is why I think we’ll all get there eventually. I think there’s a future where gender labels are just *gone* and sexuality is less of a “what’s your sexuality” thing and more of a “be in relationships the people you want to be in relationships with (who also want to be in a relationship with you)” thing with no attempt to classify it.
I mean...you kinda are. Have you looked up the definition of equivalent lately? I think you’ll find my answer fits just fine.
Jellicle cats are black and white Jellicle cats are rather small Jellicle cats are merry and bright And pleasant to hear when we caterwaul Jellicle cats have cheerful faces Jellicle cats have bright black eyes We like to practice our airs and graces And wait for the Jellicle moon to rise Jellicle cats develop slowly Jellicle cats are not too big Jellicle cats are roly-poly We know how to dance a gavotte and a jig Until the Jellicle moon appears We make our toilette and take our repose Jellicles wash behind their ears Jellicles dry between their toes Jellicle cats are white and black Jellicle cats are of moderate size Jellicles jump like a jumping jack Jellicle cats have moonlit eyes We're quiet enough in the morning hours We're quiet enough in the afternoon Reserving our terpsichorean powers To dance by the light of the Jellicle moon Jellicle cats are black and white Jellicle cats, as we said, are small If it happens to be a stormy night We will practice a caper or two in the hall If it happens the sun is shining bright You could say we had nothing to do at all We are resting and saving ourselves to be right For the Jellicle moon and the Jellicle Ball! Jellicle cats come out tonight! Jellicle cats come one come all! The Jellicle moon is shining bright, Jellicles come to the Jellicle ball! Jellicle cats come out tonight, Jellicle cats come one come all, The Jellicle moon is shining bright, Jellicles come to the Jellicle ball
That IS the musical. I’m not sure what people were expecting it to be...
They tried to add some narrative — more than the musical, at least. My opinion is they should have left it almost entirely plotless like the musical. The half-assed nature of the “story” kinda made it a neither / nor situation.
Haha, fuck I hope so.
What kind of assessment are you looking for?
I think they might be confused, but I also don’t really care.
It will also probably be removed since it’s almost an exact copy of another post made by this same user at the same time. OP is bad at reddit, it seems.
Sweeeeet, I will look those up. Thank you! Re: leaving the camera set up, what if I’m within 10 or 20 feet, hidden from view? Still too risky?
Also an atheist and have also read the Bible all the way through multiple times.
Oh, the duplicate I’m talking about was in this very sub! Double-posting with different titles! Very excited about their religion-killing observation...
Did you read it the way they do in the musical, monotone but with ever-increasing intensity?
Are we allowed to use the twitter thread from last week to cheat?
I hadn't heard about this -- so sad. Thanks for sharing, OP!
I get what you're trying to say, but I disagree and think you've made your case poorly. Religion continuing to weaken and soften until it is indistinguishable from secular society and eventually putters out on its own seems to me to be a far better path than forcing an ultimate showdown that could result in violence, loss of freedom, and immense amounts of suffering for everyone involved.
&gt;Binural is just a fancy word for stereo. Is it in this context? To my understanding, what are commonly called "binaural" recordings mimic the presence of a head between the two stereo sound sources -- it's that "obstruction" that gives the audio a hyper-realistic quality. I can definitely hear the difference between a "binaural" and a regular stereo recording.
You're overthinking it. No one will care. I've done this plenty of times without ever saying anything to anyone.
Fuck dictators, but also keep in mind... * Being gay is not an insult * Wearing makeup / jewelry does not mean someone is gay
Thanks a bunch for the suggestions!
Yes, and that view is dead wrong and disgusting. I don’t see how playing into it helps anyone or gets us anywhere.
This is very cute and very sad at the same time.
Oh, I think it’s very possible they did.
Awwww, Belgium! You made a square! \*claps furiously\*
&gt;This isn't about arguing Solipsism Ah, so you don't understand the basics of what you're talking about.
I'm not really sure what you're asking -- it's like renting / driving a car in any other situation. If you get into an accident, you deal with it through law enforcement, insurance, rental company, whoever, same as you would at home. I've rented a lot of cars while traveling. In some places I couldn't imagine functioning without one! Maybe I'm missing something!
Yeah, I agree. I'm not sure what we're supposed to take away from this tidbit.
The fact that this question is probably posted multiple times a day on this sub.
"No qualms" is a bit much. I can absolutely see believing that a war is just / necessary, but still hating the fact that it will result in a loss of life or in people you love being put in harm's way. That is a perfectly coherent position to hold. Acting like nuance isn't a thing isn't going to help anyone right now.
Alright, I'm a little torn on some of the statements I'm seeing from people who would probably be considered to be on my end of the political spectrum. My confusion comes from the fact that while they are almost certainly correct that the president's actions have put us in danger of increased conflict with Iran, I would rather them be making statements aimed at de-escalation. It seems to me that declaring on television that "we should presume that we are at war with Iran" or that "all Americans are now targets" -- while perhaps accurate -- is sending a signal that I don't want to be sending. "Hey, Iran! We're just kinda accepting that we're going to fight you now and that you want to kill us all" isn't what I want being broadcast out over our airwaves. I want to hear more "This was awful, we get that it was awful, and we are working hard to ensure it stops here." Yes, that stuff is being said -- I know. I'm not saying that narrative is entirely missing. I'm just confused about the statements that seem to be leaning toward the "Welp, the train has left the station, guess I'll die!" side of things. I don't see how they're helping anyone.
&gt; If they believe a war is just and necessary, that inherently means that they feel it is worth the potential for harm/loss of life. Okay. I think there's a difference between feeling something is ultimately worth the cost and "having no qualms" about it. I think in that space there is plenty of room for someone to feel conflict, sadness, fear, guilt, remorse, regret, anger, etc. Do you not agree?
My experience is that time spent alone is my favorite time. It's why I solo travel -- to spend time exploring the world beholden to no one (within reason), and doing whatever I want to do whenever I want to do it (again, within reason). Not everyone enjoys that, but I find it ideal.
I wonder when this was taken and if it has anything to do with a funny video that was going around recently in China of a little girl on one of those department store kid ride machines. She was doing exactly this movement at around the same speed as the machine rocked back and forth, and someone had overdubbed the video with metal music as a joke. It was really cute.
&gt; Ah, ok, so your issue is with imprecise language. My issue is with what I see as an increasing lack of an acknowledgment of nuance and complexity in arguments and criticisms. In this case, it’s the idea that someone who supports an action must also have no issue with the consequences of that action. That’s not how the world works. It’s not how humans work. So my issue goes beyond language, I think, and more to the ideas that are being communicated. &gt; Sure, no qualms is “a bit much” if you’re taking it all completely literally. I’m looking at the challenge presented in the OP and taking it as meaningful and not a miscommunication. The challenge was essentially, “if you support the idea of military action in Iran, your children should be put in the most danger, and you should be totally okay with that.” &gt; But I think it’s an appropriate and effective stylistic choice... Great. I’m not concerned with the word choice, and no one needs to agree with me anyway. &gt; That media figures and politicians and supporters rallying behind this conflict would not only have GIANT qualms about sending their loved ones into harms way, but that they would never even consider it. First off, who *wouldn’t* have “giant qualms” about their loved ones being put in harms way? You act like it’s a betrayal of some principle to not want your family or friends to be in danger. We’re right back where we started, frankly. What makes you think that someone who supports a certain action cannot simultaneously bemoan the consequences of that action? What makes you think that person’s loved ones suffering as part of those consequences wouldn’t increase that conflict? But lastly, is this an assertion you can support? That “media figures and politicians and supporters” would “never even consider” allowing their loved ones to be put in harm’s way? Because I can almost guarantee you there are a *lot* of people out there who are rooting for a war with Iran who *do* have loved ones in the military. And I can almost guarantee you that a *lot* of those people worry about those loved ones and hope no harm comes to them, but still think this kind of action is a good thing. I am not in favor of military action myself. I stop short of saying “any” because I haven’t fully thought through the ramifications of that position, but I’m by no means a warmonger or someone who wishes to see more conflict in this world. I am not a supporter of Trump, his administration, or their foreign policy decisions. I think he and his ilk have done an enormous amount of damage to the world, and to the US’s ability to be an effective partner to the rest of the world. But acting like people who *are* in favor of military action or *are* in favor of Trump are essentially inhuman (read: do not function like all other humans) is just silly, and in the end it makes for really shitty argumentation like what we find in the OP.
You make a good point!
The lowest effort pandering, folks!
Well, yes. At the moment we have an all-volunteer military, and none of Trump’s children signed on.
There we go!
I don’t know.
Hey, it’s that specky twat’s mum!
&gt; With what have you replaced your defense mechanisms? Que? &gt; Hello everyone... Hello! &gt; ...for background I was raised a Mormon, served a mission, and left that church about a year ago. I definitely will never return to that church but I've been back and forth between trying to find a different, more constructive faith. Mmkay. &gt; In leaving the Mormon church however, I learned a lot about critical thinking and logical fallacies and I find it difficult to truly believe the story of Christianity at all any more. Makes sense. It’s pretty fucking bat-shit. &gt; I still think that it made me a better person but I can't get back to that point of really believing there's a god at all. Right. Once that seal is broken, it’s hard to put the genie back in the bottle. Some people say they’ve done it, but it seems fairly rare. &gt; It's often said that the reason there are so many religions is because we need a way to make sense of things and religion was created to fill that gap. This is especially apparent in discussions about death, where a belief in an afterlife is much more comforting than accepting that life has truly ended. Sure, okay. &gt; Since becoming a closeted atheist my life hasn't seemed to have as much meaning, and I don't know where to find that again. What meaning did it have before? Did being a pawn in some deity’s scheme give you any real sense of meaning? You have the opportunity to decide and create your own meaning. It can be an adjustment, and it means you’re responsible for what you do with your life to some degree, but it’s a much better position to be in, in my opinion. &gt; What have you found comfort in? What does anyone find comfort in? Relationships, mindfulness, alone time, interests, giving, learning, exercise, sex, pets, food, travel, media, music, work, etc — the same things everyone else finds comfort in, if needed. &gt; How did you regain your purpose in life without the structure of a God? I’ve never felt like I lost any purpose. I was once considered a believer, I guess, but looking back it’s hard to remember what it was like. I don’t remember there ever being a loss of purpose — I always had things I wanted to do with my life, and I was working on doing them. The only difference is that at one point I perhaps thought those desires were put there by a deity, but that was not a requirement, so nothing changed. &gt; How did you make that transition? Fairly smoothly, from what I recall. One acknowledgment after another. “Oh, hmm, I don’t agree with what the pastor just said, and so I don’t agree with this particular religion.” “Oh, interesting. That idea runs counter to everything I’ve ever experienced and everything we know about our universe, and so I’m not sure I buy it.” “Ah, I think I don’t believe most of this stuff at this point — I’m just hanging around to see what happens.” “I’m an atheist.” &gt; I appreciate your help and look forward to hearing some personal experiences. Sorry I’m not being too helpful. Maybe this is something... I do a lot of solo traveling. I love exploring new places and just *existing* out in the wider world. If you’re used to traveling with people, there’s an adjustment that can happen when you start solo-traveling. There’s a solo travel sub that’s full of people asking questions about where they should go, what they should do, where they should stay, what they should eat, how should they interact, etc. The world opens up entirely when you’re making all of the decisions for yourself. *You* have to decide where you want to travel. *You* have to decide what you’re going to do when you get there. *You* have to decide what you want to eat at mealtime. And *you* have to manage any challenges that you encounter. The transition gets some people and they end up saying “this isn’t for me,” which is totally fine. They want the structure of being told where to go and what to do, or at least having more voices involved in making those decisions. But for people who have embraced it, it’s incredibly rewarding and freeing. If I want to have coffee at 3am in Tokyo because I’m jet-lagged, I can just...do it. If I want to fly to another city because I don’t like the one I’m in, I don’t have to consult with anyone — I just go. If I want to stay in fancy hotels or resorts, or stay in an Airbnb in the middle of things, I make that happen. I’m in charge of my travel experience, and I can turn it into whatever I want it to be. What that means is that I have to know what I want, and that can be difficult at first. How do you decide what’s important to you? How do you find out what’s interesting to you? How do you discover the things you like or don’t like? For me — at least in travel — the answer has been “experience.” Just *doing* it. If I think I might like X, I try X. If I think I might enjoy Y, I pursue Y. Over time, I’ve developed a sense for who I am, what I enjoy doing, where I enjoy staying, etc, and I owe a lot of that to having to figure those things out on my own and listen to my own “still small voice.” As non-believers, we have the opportunity to try things out, figure out what is important to us, determine what it is we get value from, and decide what kind of world we want to create — happily without nearly as many restrictions. It’s a big undertaking, but I think the end result is well worth the effort of coming to terms with our own true selves. I can tell you without reservation that I am a “better” person today than I was when I was a believer, and part of that is because I’ve actually had to decide what it is that matters to me and what I want to contribute — if anything — to the world. At least for me, this makes me feel much more purposeful about the things I fight for or work toward. But hey, remember those people who can’t make the transition to solo travel, and how that’s okay? That’s because it *is* okay. And the good news is that there are resources for those people — small group tours or loosely organized travel plans or online communities of people with similar interests that they can ask questions of, etc. Same for you. There are lots of things you can become a part of if you’re not yet ready to tackle figuring it all out for yourself. Charity causes, meetups, online forums, discussion groups, therapy sessions, etc — it’s all out there and it’s all totally legit if you need time or a little bit of structure, but are through with the “single file into the bus” vibe of religion. Good luck!
That little girl is *toast*.
&gt; As for the rest of it, perhaps it seems simplistic because it is a pretty simple concept. I agree that the concept itself should be simple — that *of course* people can think a certain course of action is worth the cost, but still feel fear, anger, discomfort, etc about incurring those costs — but you seem to disagree. &gt; If you are in a position to directly influence the decision about whether other people's children should be killed in a war, especially if they're drafted against their will, then surely your own children should take the risk as well. That is *very* different from saying you should “have no problem” with the consequences of that decision. &gt; Why should everyone except for the rich and powerful pay the price for the decisions of the rich and powerful? No one has suggested that, so I’m again left wondering what it is you’re responding to. &gt; Why should poor kids get drafted and slaughtered while Donald Trump and those like him escape through fraud? Again, no one has suggested that. &gt; Why should the poor kid get sent to the front line to get shot in the face while the privileged kid gets a safe, cushy job? I don’t know why you’re asking me these questions. They have fuck all to do with my comment. &gt; Perhaps if it's their own children on the front lines instead of the children of the poor, disadvantaged, and politically weak, they'll be in less of a rush to start wars. Maybe. You’re still not responding to anything that I’ve said, but you’re also — in my opinion — basing this little hypothetical on a premise that I don’t think you can support, which is that the people who support military action universally *don’t* have loved ones that may be put in harm’s way by that same action. As I’ve said elsewhere, I can almost guarantee you that there are people in positions of influence and otherwise who generally support the idea of another war and who have children in the military, and I can almost guarantee you that that fact *does* bring with it an extra layer of conflict and concern, *as should be expected*. I can also almost guarantee you that there are people in positions of influence or otherwise who generally support the idea of another war and who *do not* have children in the military, but who still lose sleep at night over the idea that people will lose their lives and suffer as a result of military action, To suggest otherwise —and to imply that *anyone* who supports a war necessarily has no familial skin in the game or no sense of conflict over the potential cost — seems intentionally dishonest and completely unsupportable. I am just as certain that there are cynical assholes out there who just don’t care about the cost as long as it’s not their loved ones. Yes, of course, I’m sure they exist too. My guess would be that they are in the minority, but I don’t know. &gt; If you're not willing to make the sacrifice then how can you be in a position to demand it from others? Again, this is *very* different to saying they should have “no problem” with people — especially their own family — being put in harm’s way. It is ludicrous to suggest that someone should have “no qualms” with their own children or anyone else being put in a position of danger, just because they have made the decision that it’s ultimately worth the risk. By definition, a sacrifice is giving up something of value, often for a greater cause. It carries with it the idea that you would rather *not* give that thing up — that it’s not an easy act. It was was “no problem,” it wouldn’t be a sacrifice.
I’ve been creating 20 - 30 minute 360 video / audio recordings of places I like and want to be able to recreate / remember later. The content can be viewed in a VR headset and so far it’s proven to be a pretty good way of capturing a “vibe.” Just picked up the hobby last year, so we’ll see how well I stick with it.
I think I recently crossed the threshold where my first trip with the camera / mic has faded enough in my mind that watching the videos has the effect I originally intended. It brings this “rush” of familiarity — the body-memory of being in that place — that I think is really great. So I’d say it’s going alright! Well enough that I recently upgraded some of the equipment.
I can’t think of a reason why I should.
I don’t like it. I don’t like the idea of the state altering someone’s body as a punishment.
Messiah.
Hold up! I feel like I recall hearing that Hustler automatically sends magazines to all congresspeople / senators as some form of protest. Can anyone back me up or correct me on that? Edit: There it is: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theatlantic.com/amp/article/437454/ Similarly, there have been companies that have sent sex toys to government officials en masse. I donated to one such effort!
&gt; I don't care that he subscribes to Hustler. He doesn’t. Hustler sends all members of Congress the magazine every month, I believe. Larry Flynt gonna Larry Flynt.
&gt; As atheists We should not have respect for religions Depends on what you mean. &gt; We all know it I’m not sure we all do. You’ll need to explain yourself further. &gt; We have been indoctrinated. No, not everyone has. Maybe *you* have. Not every atheist is an ex-theist. Some atheists were raised that way. Some atheists just never had much exposure to religion. Some atheists grew up in religion, but were not pressured. &gt; The Bible speeks badly about someone leaving the beliefs. Okay. So what? Who cares what the Bible says? &gt; If God actually exists he is only rightful in condemning someone because of this if he actually knows God exists! Okay. &gt; Now God thank you for doing this you made people hate people who leave their faith. I think that I know God doesn’t exist! ...neat. &gt; The point is: Oh, good! Bring this trainwreck home. &gt; Religion causes people to act bad, and therefore it can not be respected by anybody, especially atheists. It certainly *can*, and I want to point out that there need not be any universal view among atheists apart from the definitional lack of god beliefs. Anything beyond that goes beyond atheism. &gt; What do you think. Why respect religion. I don’t think you’ve made a good case that we shouldn’t. I’m not even sure what you’ve done apart from point out that some religious people indoctrinate others into their belief, which is true. That alone doesn’t seem like a good enough reason to disrespect something. We indoctrinate people into a lot of things quite regularly — things that we hope will help them lead successful, healthy, happy lives and that will keep our societies and cultures thriving. So indoctrination itself? Meh. What matters is what we’re indoctrinating people with. For many modern religious people, their faith has been so watered down by secular society (a good thing, IMO) that what they’re indoctrinating others into is essentially “be generally nice,” albeit wrapped in a thick blanket of mythology. I think there are better ways to teach people to be nice. I think some of the mythology of our major religions is very problematic, although again — most modern religious people ignore a lot of that stuff. So my main gripe with religion is the normalizing of “faith” in things for which there is no convincing evidence. It’s a human condition, it seems, so I understand it — but I think it’s unnecessary, can be potentially dangerous, and no longer serves us like it may have done in the past. I don’t think ideas deserve respect, and I am more than willing to shit all over certain religious ideas in the right context (like this sub, for example), but I’m not going to go out of my way to disrespect religion in my day to day life. It’s important to a lot of people, and often rather harmless. I think they could do better, but I think that *because* I respect the people behind the religious faith. Anyway, I’m rambling. That can happen when I’m not sure what the OP actually means.
&gt;&gt;&gt; Them: Even if I was a millionaire - I genuinely wouldn't have travel any other way &gt;&gt; You: I used to think this when I was a poor young traveler too. &gt; Me: Some people genuinely enjoy traveling alone. It has nothing to do with money.
Baffling.
Which group? I’m partial to Koryo, but I’ve heard good things about the other groups as well. Did you stay in Yangakkdo? How about that “Where are you, dear general?” in the mornings?
If you’re worried about adjusting, someplace that’s somewhat similar to where you’re originally from is usually best. As such, there is no “best country,” since it will depend on your starting point. It’s all about your own level of comfort and interest. There are very few places in the world that you can’t handle — it’s a matter of figuring out how much you want to bite off on your first go.
Where’s that Lenny Kravitz response video?
Ah, I see.
You mention the tour companies — have you contacted them to get some advice? I’ve found the folks at Koryo are generally great about engaging on the topic, and they may have a good idea of what kinds of work might be available. I think teaching is a great direction, as there is often some demand for foreign teachers in the DPRK itself. You might reach out to PUST to see what they’re up to and what they suggest. Lastly, there are organizations like LiNK that often have positions open or volunteering opportunities, although working with them might affect your future ability to enter the country.
Yes. Why in the world would you be worried that Japan was unsafe? *— Edit —* OP has sent me a private chat: &gt; your fucking thick, stupid twat So that’s something.
Locations and future dates.
I’m not sure what you’re talking about. I just checked my ass and there’s nothing in there.
And this is a debate topic?
&gt; Does antagonizing, insulting, and appearing disingenuous toward theists cause atheists to appear untrustworthy and immoral? Dunno. &gt; As a Christian it seems dishonest, intentionally insulting, and theologically naive to say we present a risk of going to war 'in God's name'. There are currently wars being fought by your close religious cousins that would be described by them as “in god’s name.” There are people in churches all around the world right now who are in favor of / opposed to military conflict in certain parts of the world because it comports with something their favorite holy book says. Do I think the average milquetoast American Christian who largely ignores huge chunks of the Bible to focus on the more loving bits is going to take up arms against anyone else in the name of god? I honestly don’t know. I didn’t expect so many of them to support a piece of shit like Donald Trump so vehemently and fervently, but here we are. If the last few years have taught me anything, it’s that trying to predict what people will do in any given situation is nigh impossible. To say that there’s a risk of religion-affiliated violence is not dishonest — it is happening as I write this comment. If you want to take that as an insult, that’s on you. As for theologically naive, take it up with your religious companions — I don’t really care. &gt; Fairy and unicorn analogies appear intentionally insulting, as do comments about "invisible friends." I’m sorry, but when the comparison is apt... Your religion is based on what for all the world looks like mythology. It reads like other mythology, it shares specifics in common with other mythology, it has a history like other mythology, and it has shown itself to stand up to scrutiny about as well as other mythology... The fact that it is so easy to make comparisons between god and fairies in the garden is not our problem — it’s *yours*. &gt; Insisting that there is no evidence for God when there is evidence, though not to an atheist's liking, comes off as intentionally inflammatory. I’m not all that concerned about whether or not you feel “inflamed” when someone points out that there is a lack of convincing evidence for any gods. The “evidence” that I am aware of consists of bad arguments, personal experience, and a collection of ancient writings that we know in some cases have been tampered with, that still can’t seem to get their stories straight in places, that are only loosely supported by outside sources and directly contradicted by others, and that are largely ignored by their own followers because they depict some truly backward and ancient thinking and ethics. I’m sorry...that’s not a good showing. Get “inflamed” all you want, but I’m not going to pat you on the back and pretend you’ve done a good job after thousands of years of trying *when you haven’t*. If you could do better, I assume somebody would have. &gt; Atheist who clearly believe gods do not exist using the nuanced definition 'lack of belief' to avoid discussing what they obviously believe seems dishonest, particular when one is criticizing the beliefs of others. I don’t know who you’re talking about or how you came by the knowledge of what someone believes without them telling you so. I do not make the claim that no gods exist. I lack a god belief, and that’s as far as I’m willing to take it because I think that’s the most honest description I can give of my position. I don’t care if you think it’s dishonest. &gt; I could go on, but my goal isn't to make the DanA atheists mad. Okay. &gt; If atheist are concerned about facing very high levels of mistrust, dislike, and stereotypes of immorality, isn't it counterproductive to antagonize, insult, and appear disingenuous to the population majority of religious believers? I have no idea. The examples you gave were fairly weak if your goal was to show antagonism, insult, or disingenuity. Instead, it comes across as you complaining that atheists don’t buy what you’re selling, that they make fairly apt comparisons between various beliefs, and that they make an effort to only make claims that they think are defensible. Again...this is all *your* problem. If you want atheists to buy your evidence, present better evidence. Most of us aren’t even asking for much. If you want atheists to not make comparisons between your beliefs and other beliefs, demonstrate how your belief is any different. If you want atheists to stick their necks out for positions they don’t actually hold so that you can feel like you got a “win,” *tough shit*...or talk to some atheists who actually hold those positions. None of this is against you personally. The truth is I don’t care about you. I assume you’re a decent person, and as long as that assumption stays generally correct I’m not all that concerned with what you believe.
I mean...that’s kinda the point, OP. If resurrection was something that was totally possible, it wouldn’t be all that interesting to people.
Again...that’s the point. If it wasn’t “miraculous,” people wouldn’t think the story was anything special. "Some dude died, stayed dead, and his body didn't go anywhere" isn't a very good story.
It's an equivocation fallacy. "If you can't be 100% certain of this thing, then you can't be even 1% certain of anything!" It's a really sad and ultimately weak attempt to try to shift the burden of proof and take the pressure off of one's own beliefs. And it's a shame, because I think solipsism is probably a fairly interesting topic and worth having a conversation or two about. Unfortunately it's been tarnished as this throw-away, last-ditch effort to avoid having to provide sufficient reason for a belief.
In some ways I relish the idea that Boris \*fucking\* Johnson is lecturing Trump on the basics of not being a war criminal. It really shows just how pathetic Trump is.
&gt; ...this leads me to the conclusion that the supernatural is really just an arbitrary term. Pretty much. I've never put much stock in it or thought it had any explanatory power. If anything, it seems like a placeholder.
&gt; Does the unfairness of the world ever bother you? Generally, yes.
Isn't that the point of the OP, though? That it depends entirely on the perspective you take on and what the reality of the situation is? If "the universe" is ultimately something inside of a larger structure in which there are universe-creating beings...can't you just as "reasonably" say that \*that\* is what's "natural?" The word just does no work. Depending on where you're standing and what the parameters are, all it seems to do is kick the can down the road.
This is a debate sub.
Okay.
&gt; But that assumes human beings are rational creatures. No, it doesn’t. &gt; or are you saying religious people are fundamentally irrational and incapable of having a Scientific mindset? Nope. I said very clearly what I meant in the comment, if you care to read it. There’s nothing more to it, so you can stop digging.
Completely unimportant to the point of my comment, and the reason I put it in quotes. Pick a word you like better — I don’t care.
Imagine being up in arms because some people weren’t offered meat *at a single meal*. Do you think he goes to sushi restaurants and complains that there’s “no option” of spaghetti and meatballs?
I don’t know what this is a response to. I’ve never witnessed whatever it is OP is railing against. What I have seen is people saying that the understanding or study of science is partly responsible for their lack of god belief, and that makes perfect sense.
&gt; While this guy is an asshole, your comparison is a bit ridiculous. No, it really isn’t when you realize that what he’s railing against is the idea of *menus*. &gt; The Golden Globes are not a dedicated vegan event... But their *menu* was, apparently by design. Which is 100% *fine* by any reasonable standard.
Right...so in all cases, there seems to be more than just "because science" which takes me back to my initial comment to OP, which you responded to. *I've never seen it. I don't know what OP is railing against.*
I feel like if you're getting into a Twitter fight with a blue checkmark, you should at least pause for a moment to see what that checkmark might be for.
What does this even mean? Why would anyone be *relieved* by this news?
I’m wondering why you would assume that none of the friends, neighbors, or family members of “top lawmakers” are in the military. Like...is there something you know that the rest of us don’t?
I’m aware that rich kids are perhaps *less likely* to be sent off to war for various reasons, but not that they *don’t*. Anecdotally, I’ve known a few people from very wealthy or influential families who have been in the military and been deployed.
Ah, yes. That super effective solution to everything...
&gt; Iran is saying it's fine after this. Source for this?
Aw, they’re so interested in what’s happening! So cute, but also really neat to see the thought processes — both in the larger dog knowing what the best position to start in is, and in the smaller dog noticing and mimicking.
You did this so well...
No.
That’s fine. The difference between you and the person I responded to is that critical “I think” at the beginning of your comment. You made two claims about what you think: * Trump will continue to escalate unless checked * It seems unlikely, given what we’ve seen, that anyone will check him Both seem well within the realm of reason, and someone can understand why you would think those things. What you stopped short of was *asserting* with seeming *certainty* that “the worst possible thing” *would* happen.
I agree with the direction of all of that. But as I said in the initial comment that started this thread, Trump is not the only player in this scenario. He's a big one, but not the only one by any stretch. Again, we've already agreed that Trump seems likely to do a stupid thing. That was never my contention with the comment I responded to. The contention is with the idea that we can state with certainty that the "worst possible" scenario *will* occur, full stop.
Of course. We can easily imagine countless "improvements" to the "design" of various creatures on Earth, but that doesn't mean that mutations in those directions ever occurred or would have necessarily “taken” if they did. There seem to be numerous known examples of what you're asking -- of something "working," but it could have been done "better." Pretty much every example of "bad design" that people like Dawkins talk about fits that description. It's important to remember that evolution has no goal. It's not "trying" to do anything. It's the blind combination of random shit happening, and some of that random shit being more beneficial for survival and reproduction than other random shit that happened. There's no blueprint or destination in mind.
&gt; Okay, so what's your intention with debating the semantics of "worst case scenario"? I'm not and I haven't. &gt; What would your own personal "worst case" response entail? Irrelevant to every point I've made.
This is such an odd response to my comment to you. In what way was I condescending?
I love this story. **Edit:** If anyone likes these kinds of stories about dogs, check out Pete Holmes latest special. He has a few bits about dogs and the way they think that I think are really cute and funny.
Wait, why are they disliking it? I watched the whole first season last weekend. It’s a little slow, but I generally enjoyed it. I didn’t see anything that I would have thought would be all that upsetting for Christians, especially since it’s a work of pure fiction.
It’s pretty slow-moving.
&gt; Except for he has a very real sudafed/adderal addiction, not a conspiracy theory. That’s a lot of confidence. What the user you responded to seems to be pointing out is that overstating our confidence about something is a real bad look. You‘ve tripled down here — “very real” and “not a conspiracy theory” — on a claim. You’d better have some damn good evidence to back that kind of certainty up!
&gt; ...pictures of his office drawers stacked with Sudafed. From what I understand, *not* the type of Sudafed that is commonly abused, since it doesn’t contain the right compound. A complete run-down of this idea is on Snopes and easily google-able.
Sure, and all of those are options on the table. The question is with how much confidence can we make those assertions, given what we know / don’t know. In my opinion, we don’t have enough evidence to say he has “a very real” Sudafed abuse problem. If he does, it’s odd that he’s so bad at it.
Here: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/sudafed-trump-tower/
Thanks for sharing! Not stupid -- like learning to walk or talk, the fact that other people have done it doesn't necessarily mean you don't have to. We get there our own way and in our own time.
...in which the user reveals that they apparently haven't grasped much of what has already been said in the thread they're commenting on. Cheers!
You could not be more wrong, and I’m sure you can find out why if you just take the time to read the thread. Good luck!
&gt;&gt; Me: ...it [overstating our confidence] has the potential of making us look reactionary and possibly uninformed. &gt; You: TO WHO? To the people constantly looking for ways to discredit “liberals” by calling them reactionary and uninformed. &gt; You don't need better arguments to win over the people currently not on "your team". I don’t even know what you could possibly be saying with this. I think we should be striving to make good, well-formed, well-supported arguments in these discussions and conversations, full stop. I can’t imagine advocating for anything different, which seems to be what you’re doing right now. Your position *appears* to be *against* making good arguments. Why?
Yep. *That’s* their goal. Killing skiing tourists.
Sure. And I think your post is an example of an argument from incredulity — worse, one about an event that very likely didn’t even happen, and a question that *cannot be answered* because the information needed — as far as we know — doesn’t exist. So I don’t see the point, and I don’t see how it’s meant to be a debate topic. How could you hold any position in such a debate — they would all be purely hypothetical. The only honest answer to your question is “I don’t know” followed by “how did you determine he wasn’t stopped at some point or that some ancient Israel version of mall security *didn’t* get involved?” And then, voila! You’re stuck holding the burden of proof.
“Everything happens for a reason.” Yes, I know there can be two reasons of this. I mean the one people usually use it to mean.
&gt; Can you elaborate on why you ran into language barriers in your own home country? As others have already pointed out, many people in the US do not speak English. This is especially true in big hub areas like Miami. One example from yesterday was a person I approached who was working in the MIA who might have been from Somalia (total guess) and we worked through where I could find a particular office together, despite them apparently not speaking English (or at least not wanting to at the time). Then there was a driver and a few others who spoke only Spanish, which I have a lot more exposure to, but only a “survival phrases” level of ability in these days.
It was a mix of things — mostly my lack of ability with Spanish. But you bring up a great point. There have been times in places like Scotland or Ireland where I’d say there was a very real “language barrier,” despite us speaking essentially the same language.
Why Iran? Surely one doesn’t come to this kind of extreme view purely over the recent events.
Okay! Just because I haven’t talked this through before... The individual stars that we’re seeing in this photo are the stars of our own galaxy and relatively close to us, yes? Beyond them is a vast stretch of mostly empty (star-wise) space, and then somewhere way, way, way out there is Andromeda. Perhaps beyond that, after another stretch of mostly nothing, some of the pinpoints of light are other galaxies or large-scale structures. Does that sound about right? For whatever reason, my brain wants to see Andromeda as embedded *in* the starfield, and it throws off my sense of scale completely.
Those are not the only options — not by a long shot.
Why wouldn't it be? The DPRK is an exploitable market like any other, albeit MUCH more difficult to make successful inroads into.
Woah now, that seems like a lot of vitriol in response to this comment. What am I missing? They made a good point. That it’s not an entirely new or original revelation doesn’t seem worthy of this kind of response.
&gt; They have a word for people like you. That word is "heretic". Maybe don’t try to speak for a population as varied and large as Christianity. Different people within that community may view OP’s actions or views in different ways, and it’s certainly not our job as non-believers to police their borders.
Good that you took that bit back, since calling Jesus the “first” at nearly anything was going to get you a lot of pushback. The ideas attributed to him were “in the air” for at least hundreds of years before his time.
I don't remember the Bible story saying that the locals helped Noah with the animal-gathering. Where did you get that part from, or is that part of your attempt to make it semi-believable?
&gt; Why don’t you believe in a god? I've yet to see a reason why I should. &gt; What are the most logical arguments (in your mind) that disprove the existence of a god? Why would I need to have / do that? So far, no one has managed to give me a compelling, convincing reason to think any gods exist. Until someone does, I don't. I don't need to "disprove" anything, nor do I need any logical arguments. I don't believe because I see no reason to.
&gt; There’s also no evidence there isn’t a god. As others have already started pointing out, there's a *whole* lot of bullshit you're going to have to start believing if this represents the kind of criteria you use. For instance, *literally anything I can come up with*. Blargasmagasphere stabions. Those. Do you believe in those? There's no evidence that they exist, but there's also no evidence that they *don't* exist, so...
&gt; We can use the cosmological argument to bring us to a conclusion that there is a god No, you really can't. The closest it gets you is an undefined "something," and that's *if* you can find someone who accepts the premises. The rebuttals to the various cosmological arguments are not new.
&gt; What do atheists do when they feel God in they're heart? I don't know what this means. &gt; I'm Christian... Neat. &gt; ...and thats because I can often feel God with me in my heart. Is it like being stabbed? Is it a tightness in your chest? Maybe you should see a doctor about this -- it sounds potentially life-threatening to feel another entity *inside* your circulatory system. &gt; But when atheists get that feeling why do they just reject it and say they dont believe in Him? I don't know what you're talking about, so I can't answer your question.
That the premises cannot be supported. That the conclusion doesn't get you to a god, but instead to a "something."
&gt;&gt; Me: You don’t need this. [Arguments against the existence of any gods] No one does. &gt; You: Can you help me understand what you’re trying to say here? Apparently not, since I've said it so many times already and I don't know how much more clear I can make it. &gt; I’m just looking for logical arguments against a God. If you mean "against the existence of a god" then I am going to tell you one last time that *there need not be any* because *such an argument is not required* to be an atheist. The *only* thing one needs in order to be an atheist is to have not been convinced in the existence of any gods. Full stop. I'm going to try this example again, since you seemed to have missed it the other times and I'm a glutton for punishment... Do you believe in the Curmagrassian Estate Plentitude? Just answer the question. &gt; It’s not that I need this to disprove myself, more just looking for something to read/study. This may be the confusion within this thread. I'm sorry, but there appears to be no confusion in the thread except for your own. Everyone else is giving you perfectly reasonable and easily comprehensible answers from my perspective, but you seem to be misunderstanding them every almost time. If you just want something to read, there are countless books written on the subject of atheism. "Outgrowing God" by Richard Dawkins is relatively short book that attempts to answer the question "should we believe in a god" in dead-simple language. Its predecessor "The God Delusion" is a little more in-depth and poetic. Dawkins has a reputation as a hot-headed debater, but he is a brilliant educator and splendid writer and his books are superb. &gt;&gt; Me: I said I am not convinced that there are any gods. That is atheism. &gt; You: This helps me to understand the point of view of atheism more. You should really take the time to let it sink in. What does it feel like to *not* believe in eagles that speak Romanian? Probably feels like nothing, right? That's what atheism feels like for most of us -- *nothing*. We just don't share one of your beliefs. &gt; I’ve always thought and been told that atheists have found specific proof against a god. Yes, it's a common lie. I call it a lie because it's been corrected so many times at this point that anyone still spreading that misconception is almost certainly doing it knowingly. One reason people may tell this particular lie is that it's a pathetic attempt to shift the burden of proof. If you claim that a god exists and another person says "I'm not convinced," it's your job to convince them (if you care to). But if you can pretend that their response was "there are no gods," then you can shift that burden of proof and demand that they convince *you* of *their* position -- a position they may have never asserted. It's often *very* dishonest, and it's almost always a distraction from the fact that theists have not managed to meet their burden of proof after thousands of years of trying. &gt; I guess I’ve been in an environment that is trying to make atheists the enemy rather than back up beliefs for a god, and that would be something I need to think about and give myself some homework to back up my beliefs instead of looking for the arguments against my belief. Sounds like you're on the right track. The reason I'm so adamant against giving you "logical arguments against the existence of god" is because I don't think they're necessary, because I think it assumes that's a position atheists hold, and because ultimately I think it's an easy way out when what you *should* be doing is striving to only hold beliefs that you have a good reason to hold. I'm pretty confident that if you explore the reasons for belief in a god honestly and carefully, you'll find that they don't hold water. They almost all turn to vapor with even the most casual critical eye. We don't need arguments to remain in the default position, which is one of non-belief. Theists do -- they're the ones making claims.
...but maybe she should have.
&gt; If God is fact, what criteria of proof is required for affirmation of fact? I’ll give my standard answer... The same kind of “proof” I have that my dog, my mom, or Tom Cruise exist. My dog has died recently, but before that all I needed to do to demonstrate his existence was to look over to wherever he was. He was consistently there. I could interact with him, touch him, watch him do his thing, etc. First-person experience of his existence was never more than a moment away. Nothing fancy or dramatic — he was just *there*. My mom lives a few hours away, so I see her rarely. If I wanted to demonstrate her existence I could call her, drive a few hours, FaceTime her, etc. She’s consistently there. I can interact with her, touch her, listen to her thoughts, remember things with her, talk to my siblings or my dad or other people about her, etc. Nothing fancy or dramatic — she’s just *there*. I’ve never met Tom Cruise or seen him in person, but I have a life full of his existence being demonstrated. I can look at photos of him at recent events, watch his movies, read interviews with him, check out his handprints on the walk of fame, speak to other people about his work or his life, etc. Nothing fancy or dramatic — he’s just *there*. So why is it that no gods have ever cleared this relatively low barrier? Why can’t gods just be *there* and consistent? If one was, I would believe it’s existence. Of course that would tell us nothing about that god’s abilities or attributes, but I’d be comfortable with acknowledging its existence. I’m not holding my breath, though.
&gt; I don’t believe in the current religions but I still think god exists Okay. &gt; Yes religious people didn’t credibly prove their claims but atheists also didn’t deny him as well but they say it’s not our job to hold the burden of proof. Not sure what this sentence means. &gt; God either exists or not, if you flip a coin it’s literally 50% chance for any result. You're right about coins...kinda. I don't think the existence of gods has the same 50/50 odds. I think at this point, an honest assessment would put the likelihood of a god existing way below 50%, given how many attempts there have been to demonstrate a god, how many of them have failed, and how many of the answers we've actually found in the universe have involved any gods. &gt; If atheists aren’t just saying we don’t have to disprove this fact then the coin will be on sided... You lost me again. The only common thing between all atheists is that they lack a god belief. If someone lacks a god belief (read: is not convinced that a god exists), then they are an atheist. Anything beyond that *is not atheism*. It's something else. &gt; ...if you have another opinion you will have to explain every single unanswered question as well. I think you're being unreasonable. I think people can make assertions about the existence of gods that go beyond atheism and still have things that they don't know the answers about. Easy example: How do you know Harry Potter is fiction unless you can answer every unanswered question that could ever be asked? Perfect knowledge is not required to come to a reasonable conclusion about an individual topic. Perfect knowledge may in fact be impossible, and until *that* problem is solved (if it ever is), all knowledge is necessarily provisional and subject to change. What we have in the meantime are levels of certainty. &gt; simple one: prove the first object in the world existed without creation, otherwise I don’t see why I should consider you any different from theist. What do you mean by "first" and "object" and "world" and "creation?" What do you mean by "prove" for that matter? I don't need to take your challenge to point out that so far in the known universe, in *zero* cases where we've found the answer to a question we have about that universe (again, provisionally until such time as perfect knowledge can be attainted, but with a very high level of certainty) has the answer been "a god". So while I can't tell you *anything* about "the first object in the world" -- partly because I don't know what you mean, but also because it sounds like something I'm not equipped to comment on -- I *can* say that I would be far more surprised to learn that "god did it" than to learn that yet another natural process had been discovered or explored, like every other "answered" question so far.
&gt; For reference, I don’t really eat meat, but I don’t really eat vegetables either. Well...shit. Rice and meat and certain vegetables is pretty much the entire menu there. You might be served a buffet-style breakfast in the hotel and there could be toast there. If so, maybe *load the fuck up* and keep some with you for the rest of the day. Otherwise, I'd suggest -- if these restrictions are more of a preference thing -- preparing to eat some of the things you "don't really" eat. Maybe visit some Korean restaurants in your area to try to get used to a few things. The food in the north will be slightly different, but it should give you a general idea.
This isn’t meant as a rebuttal — just something I found. Looks like it might be a “thing” for him: https://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/28/trump-white-house-photos-242081
Do we need the “like a” I wonder? At what point is it, in fact, a cult?
Probably this time he was honest...right?
Right. That’s a much more compelling detail than “look at this awkward photo from an event!”
No, that’s actually not how the language works — there are multiple ways to read that “but” and one that doesn’t require you to add a narrative that doesn’t actually exist in the comment — I’m glad you think you can tell me what I think, though!
That’s one possible way to read it, and one of the least generous, which I might have expected. In this case, the first part is an attempt to frame the second part, because I know how sensitive people can be to anything that smells even slightly like defense of Trump. So if you like, read it in reverse. It still works. I don’t find these pictures a very convincing piece of evidence when there are more meaningful arguments for their connection, and the photos look like a cheesy fanboy at a bunch of photo ops, BUT...that doesn’t mean I don’t think Trump knows him and isn’t lying. See how that works? See how you can’t dictate what I meant by asserting that “but” can only perform one function in a sentence?
I absolutely *love* this particular set of brags. They're *perfect*. 👌
Go on, then...how?
Ouch! Poor kid. Looks like he was having a good time too.
Sounds to me like you *didn’t* choose to be an atheist. You chose to act like one and then became one as a downstream result.
Got it. As I mentioned in another part of the thread, I have ants and termites and bees on the brain. While I think they are certainly “conscious agents” — and I want to avoid getting into the rabbit hole of consciousness — I wonder if the structures that they sometimes “make” can be rightly called an act of “creation.” They seem to be driven by pure instinct, and some of the elements of what they “make” are the downstream effects of other actions. But nevertheless, complex structures are put together by these creatures. I think what I’m asking is do you think “create” tends to imply some kind of *intent* or *imagination* in the process as opposed to other words, or can a group of bees “create” a complex hive? If the latter, how does that figure in when someone says there was a “creator” of the universe? How meaningful is the word?
&gt; Obviously the effort will be low when a mob of atheists just start ganging up on you. They were referring to your OP. No one had “ganged up” on you before you posted, so I’m not sure how that’s an excuse for making a low-effort post. And the truth is no one has “ganged up” on you anyway. You posted in a debate sub about religion, and you just happen to have presented a fundamentally flawed “argument” that has been attempted thousands of times before with essentially the same result — it’s not even remotely convincing or compelling, it’s based on some kind of straw man, and it’s ultimately an argument from incredulity and ignorance that gets you no closer to a creator god and doesn’t even begin to address other options. No one ganged up on you. You made a bad argument in a debate sub. &gt; I was hoping this subreddit would be a little more even in its balance of atheists against those who accept the intelligent design theory. Get used to the imbalance. Every indication is that the future will belong to people who don’t believe in things for which there is no evidence. Superstitious beliefs underpinned by bad understanding of logic or science will become increasingly looked down on, and the people who openly embrace them will be increasingly pushed to the fringes of society since such a belief denotes an unwillingness to engage with reality. As the decisions we make about our world become more and more important and impactful and nuanced, I suspect a growing majority will want fewer and fewer of those kinds of people involved in making them. &gt; I didn’t think I would have to answer every comment on my own, but was hoping there would be more ID proponents here to help me. Surprise, surprise. Fewer and fewer people buy into bad ideas. *You* presented your position for debate in a debate sub. *You* could have spent half a moment looking at other threads — even threads with this exact same position — to get an idea about how this was going to go. It seems fitting that you didn’t take advantage of the available evidence, though. &gt; Edit: as for the “Need I say more?” The title speaks for itself. If atheists don’t believe in an intelligent creator then by default they believe the universe just spontaneously arose out of nothing Nope! That’s a straw man, and it’s the reason you’ve been called out several times for lack of imagination. Those are not the only two options. Again, something you would know if you had bothered to spend a moment learning about your position and common responses to it, or trying to understand its underlying flaws. Edit to add that “atheism” refers to a lack of god beliefs, but does not extend past that. An atheist could very easily believe our universe was created yesterday by an incredibly intelligent race of cosmic gophers. You *cannot* extrapolate an atheist’s views on the origins of our universe from their atheism.
Username checks out.
Great point. We evolved for life on this planet. Our intuitions may be ill-equipped to tackle the wider universe or the fundamental nature of reality, as your two examples illustrate perfectly. But we sure are good at spotting tigers that aren’t there! :)
&gt; tik-tok style They’re doing the dance to the 2010 song “Run Devil Run” by the massively popular Korean pop group SNSD. Dance covers are a huge thing in kpop and people have been doing them since long before TikTok was a known thing. This particular song / dance was released 6 years before TikTok was founded.
&gt; It's owned and regulated by the Chinese Government. ...you say on *reddit* of all places. Anyway, TikTok is *not* owned by the Chinese government. I don’t know where you got that idea. It is also not officially subject to Chinese censorship regulations, due in part to its servers being located outside of the country. Its Chinese sister app *is*, but TikTok is not. That being said, there have been reports of anti-government content being removed and some data issues in general, so there does seem to be some influence there, just as there is on reddit. If you’re so dead set against using anything that has a connection to China or could conceivably be subject to pressure from the Chinese government...good luck.
No thanks, I’m good.
I don’t care about the language of it. People do “make tiktoks” for the platform, just like people “google something” or “tweet that out.”
I don’t know what exactly you’re asking and I don’t know what the source of the image is or if it’s a render or not, but Masikryong is a well-known ski resort in the DPRK. Edit: Nevermind. A simple google revealed that image is of Yangdok resort.
If what we’re talking about is the content posted on it, *yes*.
Fantastic.
&gt; Has anyone got any experience of solo traveling without drinking? Nearly 100% of my 20-something years of solo traveling had been without drinking. It would be odd to think drinking was a universal travel experience.
Fuck off.
I don’t understand what you’re asking. It seems like you’re shoving an awful lot under the “spirituality” label now. Are you really asking “if things were different, would they be different?” If so, yes. If things were different, *they would be different*.
You asked... &gt; What would change about your opinion of humanity if spirituality existed? I answered with “nothing” as far as I can tell. Then you asked... &gt; If you knew you had a soul/spirit what would be your major concerns and how would your priorities change? I answered that if everything else was the same, I don’t think anything would change. Then you asked... &gt; [If you knew you had a soul/spirit] would a god be desirable in that scenario? I answered that I didn’t understand the connection or why it would change anything. Then you asked... &gt; [If you knew you had a soul/spirit] would your basis for morality completely change? And I answered no. I answered each of those questions individually, as asked, and in answering them I specifically noted that things would be different — just not the things you were asking about. Now you seem to be asking a new question, which I can’t make heads or tails of. So don’t give me this “fundamental contradiction” shit when you’ve asked five different questions. But sure, let’s try to crack open what you meant with your last question... &gt; Is there any implication of spirituality that could? Could *what?* Again, you asked about four different things before this. Which of them are you referring to? What is it you want to know? Let’s just suppose you’re asking what *would* change if we learned that these things were indeed real. &gt; Immortality? If immortality was a thing and I knew it, I would think there was immortality. By the way, that has fuck all to do with “spirits” and is not all that far fetched. We currently share this planet with at least one species that — if left to their own devices — does not die. &gt; Gods? If a god existed and I knew it, I would think there was a god. &gt; Objective morality? If morality was objective and absolute and I knew it, I would think morality was objective and absolute. &gt; Future/past lives? If past and future lives were a thing and I knew it, I would think there were past and future lives. So, yes. Without knowing what it is you want to know, my answer is “if things were different, they would be different,” which doesn’t contradict my previous answers to different questions one iota.
&gt; ...which isn’t usually the reality It’s also the exact opposite of what I’m looking for when I solo travel. This sub is made up of a bunch of individuals with unique interests and expectations, but it does seem like a lot of the posts here assume that everyone is after the same thing.
The image contains an explanation for why this is not WTF.
...okay? Thanks for letting us know.
I guess he *is* on the guy’s defense team.
Being convinced. I could wake up tomorrow and pray and read scripture and attend a ceremony and talk to a god and *act* like whatever brand of religious person I want. I could do that for years. I could try to think in ways religious people might think and behave in ways religious people might behave. I could do all of that — live the life of a religious person — and still not be convinced that a god exists. Atheism is about belief or lack of belief.
&gt; I'm a friend of a friend looking to find information about how to protect someone who is about to fly out of the country for an internship. Why do you feel like you need to protect them? &gt; Not through her University, but independently. Not sure how that matters. People take jobs on their own all the time. &gt; How can you protect someone who is traveling internationally to Europe? (Las Palmas de Gran Canaria - Spanish island) Again...protect them from what? And why? &gt; She has no itinerary. Many of us travel without itineraries. They’re not necessary. &gt; No company name that she is telling us. Won't share the name of the person facilitating the"internship". And she doesn't know what she's going to be doing in the internship. "Business stuff." ?? College educated and from a noodle class family... "Business stuff!?" And you’re a friend of a friend? My advice is to leave her alone and stop meddling. Clearly she’s not interested in sharing details of her trip with you or with whoever is asking her these questions. “Back off” would be my suggestion.
Was this meant to be a response to someone? Why did you create a top-level comment on your own post? Anyway... &gt; A creature cant create a creature. And yet that happens millions of times a day on this planet. Funny, that. &gt; A creature like us humans can create weapons,tools, etc. All the brains in the world cant create a fly. Still not giving us more detail, huh? Until you explain what you mean by “create,” you’ll probably get some pretty unsatisfactory responses. We can clone a fly. We can get two other flies to make a fly or a few hundred. And we may in fact be able to engineer a fly piece by piece in the future. Bald-ass assertions aren’t impressive, especially not in a *debate sub*. &gt; If we as humans think we are really intelligent. Imagine the intelligence behind the creator of the fly. What creator? I know know what you’re referring to. Why are you rehashing your already shitty OP? It wasn’t convincing then and it isn’t convincing now. &gt; If some human can create life. Then i will believe him if he says there is no God. Why on earth would the two be related? I know some people who can fly planes. Does that mean they’re equipped to tell me how to prevent cancer? Or how to write a hit song? If someone can create life, it doesn’t mean *fuck all* about their knowledge of the existence of gods. What a bizarre thing to say. You have demonstrated some *really* awful thinking in this post so far. I wonder if you can even recognize it.
&gt; Human beings can't breathe underwater, are tuna to be worshiped as gods now? And just like that, I’ve got a hankering for some well-prepared, well-marbled god-steak.
OP played the reverse card!
&gt; You are literally the rest of the world being a problem right now... I’m just one person, but it’s telling that you think I’m the problem here. &gt; ...yes you are also calling out OPs fun... Rightfully so, I think. Their idea of “fun” is something I think is ultimately harmful and holds our society back. &gt; ...you lecturing on trans rights doesn’t change their sense of humour... I haven’t lectured on trans rights, and it’s weird that you think I have. Also, the idea that someone’s sense of humor can’t change or consciousness can’t be raised is pure bullshit. Can you honestly say that you’ve never looked back on an old “joke” and realized it doesn’t reflect the kind of person you want to be? &gt; ...and it’s down to the receiver of the joke to be offended... I am perfectly able and I think is is perfectly appropriate to call out what we see as bigoted or ignorant or harmful behavior in people, even if we’re not on the receiving end of that behavior. Seriously, think about what you’re suggesting. &gt; ...it’s an easy to way attack a creeps sense of sexuality and that’s what you do when you’re being harassed... Sorry, but fighting shitty mindsets with shitty mindsets is not my idea of a winning strategy. &gt; ...if he’s not comfortable being gay or attracted to a trans woman’s voice, that’s on him, he could have liked it and then their plan backfired, they weren’t spelling out for him that’s it’s bad to be attracted to trans, they were just steering away from what OP actually is because he was already convinced she was a girl, she can’t exactly claim to be a dog and say “lol you like bestiality”. She just took away what he wanted. That’s a lot of assertion there. Glad to know we’re in the presence of such a gifted mind-reader. You’ll notice that my criticism was of them participating in those narratives, so this little story you’ve doesn’t address that. &gt; Basically you’re being too butthurt and looking too deep into what was a quick comment made to a single internet creep who’s sexual comforts are already confirmed... I’m calling out OP on what they themselves described themselves as doing, because I think what they described is shitty, and I don’t think two shitty behaviors make a right. I think we can do better. &gt; ...OP did not convince some internet stranger that being trans isn’t okay... I never suggested that they did, but you’d know that if you had actually read the comments you’re responding to now. &gt; So relax. Again with the mind-reading. &gt; I will say it’s a bit irritating OP didn’t even get at what your point was before you lectured her, but I don’t think what she did should offend you or any trans or gay people, and if it does you’re just a snowflake. Imagine thinking this was about *offense*.
Looks to me like the thread was nuked.
&gt; However, this entire post is me asking about a position on a transcendent meaning. I’m aware. What makes you think you needed to reiterate? &gt; For future reference, you might want to clarify someone’s intention before you declare they need mental help. I knew what you were talking about, and I think speaking with someone could be beneficial, given what you shared of your mindset. Are you under the impression that speaking to someone is a negative experience or suggestion? It’s not. It’s extremely helpful and useful and can be immensely rewarding and clarifying. In your case, you explicitly said several times that without some kind of “out there” framework, ~~you would be “some kind of psycho”~~ and couldn’t see the point in pursuing ethical behavior. So spare me the faux pearl-clutching. I think those things are worth a chat over, and I think you’d come away better for it.
&gt; Debate an Atheist I’m ready... &gt; Without resorting the circular argument claim, how would an Atheist (you) counter an argument saying that a God deliberately placed everything in this world as it is, including evidence against their existence. I’m not so sure that I would counter it. Once someone has reached that level of desperation in their attempts to square reality with their beliefs, they’re very possibly beyond what I’m equipped to properly handle. I suppose there could be a discussion about what unfalsifiability does to claims. I suppose I could try to present a different explanation that’s similarly unsupported as an example of how these kinds of arguments don’t hold up (e.g. “the bubble butt porgons from palamantium 12 actually did it all and placed all of the evidence for trickster god in an attempt to hide *themselves* and pull off the ultimate escape room mystery”). But ultimately, I’m just not sure that I’m interested in continuing a discussion with someone who is willing to contort reason to that level in order to preserve their belief in a god. It strikes me as worse than ignorance — it’s knowing the evidence against you and refusing to acknowledge it in a reasonable way. &gt; Essentially what I'm asking is: what if it's all a test of faith? First off, I can’t imagine wanting to be involved with a deity who would go so far to trick people into thinking it doesn’t exist, only to turn around and condemn those poor, tricked people to eternal torture. Fuck that god. Second, I don’t know what the alternative is. If we’re going to abandon all evidence for fear that our faith is being tested...*which faith* do we choose? You might be interested in reading about the various reasons that Pascal’s wager is horse-shit (if you’re not already aware.) It’s been pretty thoroughly ripped apart by people much smarter than me since the time it was first presented. But anyway, if this is a test of faith, who’s doing the test, and which faith is being tested? Christian? Muslim? Jewish? Mormon? Scientology? The crazy person on the corner who says god is a dog? Is it advanced aliens checking to see if we’re smart enough to communicate with? Is it the bubble butt porgons? If whoever’s doing the testing has gone so far in their trickery that we can’t even tell which faith is being tested, how could we possibly proceed with the test? It’d just be a shot in the dark. The one thing we do have is our conscious experiences and our ability to reason to varying degrees. That’s all we can bring to this — I don’t see how taking wild guesses gets us anywhere. &gt; I understand it can't truly be argued, but I'm still curious if there is someone out there willing to argue it If someone is at the point where these are the thoughts they’re having, then they’re either too far “gone” for someone like me to be interested in engaging with them, or they’re on the very last leg of their belief and all I need to do is step back and let them go the rest of the way on their own time.
&gt;The universe started from nothing. That's an assertion without evidence. What makes you think the universe "started from nothing," and what can you tell us about that process? &gt; Who created material? Thats the real question. You haven't established that material was created, so no -- that is not the real question. Material exists. Full stop. We know generally how it came to be in the form it is today, but we do not know how it came to be. No one does. It may have always existed. Also, why are you assuming it was a "who?" Seems you're *once again* trying to smuggle a god into your arguments. As many others have pointed out, this is *assuming your conclusion*. The steps you need to take are... * Convince us that "nothing" is a meaningful thing to talk about * Convince us that the universe started from nothing * Convince us that this was an act of "creation" and not just...something "nothing" does * Convince us that there was a creator who did this * Convince us that that creator also makes flies Can you go through those steps?
&gt; The universe was created from nothing and can be erased to nothing. Says who? This is a common theist talking point, but serious-minded individuals who actually study cosmology don't make such claims. &gt; We dont know right from wrong. Thats why we need to learn about the creator. So far you haven't managed to provide any compelling reason for anyone to think there is a creator. So now you're also adding on that one of this creator's attributes is that it can teach us right from wrong? Why should we believe that? What about being able to create universes makes someone an authority on right and wrong? &gt; We are destroying earth as it is. ...what does this have to do with anything? &gt; Unfortunately learning whats right is extremely difficult,not impossible,but difficult. With guidance,its possible. More assertions without support. Do you think this is "debate?" It's not. It's a waste of time.
&gt; what should I say? We don't yet know what your position is, or if we agree with it or not. Some might tell you to not say anything. Some might tell you to go along with your father, because he is correct. Some might tell you to debate with him in some way, because he is wrong. Unfortunately you haven't given us enough information to know what your dad actually thinks, what you think, or what your goal in responding to him is.
&gt; If you remove the thoughts the emotions and sensations wich are all artificially influenced... What do you mean by "artificially" influenced? Sounds to me like you just smuggled something in here that I'm not sure I'm willing to go along with. Also, just to get it out of the way now, it's "which." &gt; ...and created by the environment that the human can perceive you are left with that wich is aware of those things like emotions thoughts etc and that wich is aware is the real you. If what you're trying to talk about is conscious experience, sure. With a certain kind of introspection, it can feel to the individual like there is a "witness" -- a locus of awareness that is "noticing" events as they rise in consciousness, but is somehow separate from those sensations. &gt; If you really search it within you you will realize that you are that wich is aware and to be aware dosent require any effort it just is. Yes, people have known this for thousands of years. The question is "what does this have to do with the existence of any gods?" since you posted this in a sub dedicated to debating atheists. &gt; You will also realize that that awareness is infinite and it ia not influenced by the body or mind you are infinite. I think *that* is unsupported. Yes, we can have the "witness" experience, and we can experience the loss of our body-feel given the right kind of contemplative mental state, but the moment you start making claims about that awareness being "infinite" or not bound by the body, I think you are overstepping what you are able to support to any convincing level. If this were true -- if our awareness was unbounded by our bodies and infinite when meditating -- then people all around the world should be able to accurately and predictably describe things that are happening anywhere else in the universe, simply by directing their attention there. This has not been demonstrated, as far as I am aware. If you want to make the claim that it's *possible*, go right ahead. But until you can demonstrate that it actually happens and can happen with regularity under proper conditions, there's no reason for anyone to believe you, so I don't think you can just assert that people "will notice" this. &gt; That wich is aware when you were 5 is the same as that wich is aware when you are 20 30 40 etc the only thing that changes is the mind and body but that wich is aware of them dosent. So what I see in this post is a reasonable statement based on observation -- that the "witness" experience is easily accessible to people who look for it -- followed by a bunch of unsupported extrapolation and conjecture loosely based on that observation. At some point along the line you seem to have left the realm of the observable and demonstrable and entered the realm of bald assertion. It also has nothing to do with the existence of any gods.
Hey, you should try out to be his spokesperson! You have a very concise way with words.
But she can't, though. She looks like she's *always* on the verge of smirking or cracking up. It would not surprise me one bit if one day she collapses mid-sentence into a fit of laughter and the last thing we hear her saying is "Fuck it! You win, George! Holy shit..."
&gt; How to not feel bad for being “basic” when i solo travel Without reading ahead, I want to start by saying that unless you are being a jerk, disrespecting or directly exploiting the local people, destroying property, etc, there is *nothing* that you should *ever* feel bad about when traveling. Travel is personal, and solo travel in particular is about doing the things *you* are interested in doing, whatever they may be. There is no “right” or “wrong” way to travel (within reason), and anyone who makes you feel that there is is an asshole. So...that out of the way. &gt; I enjoy solo traveling because it’s hard to match up schedules with friends or the places we want to mutually go. Yep! A lot of people do it for that reason. &gt; I don’t have a desire to go off the beaten track to obtain the authentic/local experience because it just seems impractical to try to do that in such a short time span with people you will probably never see again. Great! So don’t do it. &gt; I just want to sightsee and learn a little with my limited vacation days. Sounds fantastic. &gt; I am perfectly fine eating at tourist locations, going on tours for sightseeing to avoid managing travel logistics, staying at hotels instead of hostels. Wonderful! I’m a hotel / airbnb person myself. I’ve never stayed in a hostel — hate the idea of it. The few that I’ve been inside of have given me the creeps or grossed me out or been *way* too social for this loner’s tastes. &gt; Yet sometimes it feels like people “look down” on this kind of traveling. Those people are idiots. &gt; I don’t have a desire to go hitchhiking, getting to one place to another via local means, eating or living like a local depending on the location, or going off the beaten track. And there’s no reason why you need to do those things. &gt; How do I not feel bad for enjoying this kind of travel? Simple. Stop feeling bad. :P Recognize that these are *your* trips and no one else’s. *You* are deciding how to use *your* time, and short of breaking the law or doing the things I mentioned before, *the options are endless*. It is no one’s business how you prefer to travel, and it doesn’t matter what other people think, as long as you’re enjoying the experience. There is absolutely no reason for you to feel any kind of negative feelings about traveling the way you want to. Get out there and do you.
&gt; Do you ever feel that aching, longing , yearning, empty feeling inside of you? No. Sometimes there are things I miss or wish for. But that's just missing or wishing for something. I am *incredibly* fortunate to be able to say that I live a comfortable life. Not everyone can, and I would be loathe to not mention that when answering this question so casually.
So that seems like a really dumb thing to do without some kind of safety system. But despite that, I really felt scared for that guy. That was straight up terrifying. I’m glad he’s okay.
I mean... You do you, but that’s really not a very good reason to remove an entire class of accommodations from the menu. It’s also the most understated synopsis of that movie possible. “Walking around the house to find something to eat?”
Couple quick thoughts... * There is nothing to “confess” about being an atheist * Many atheists come from a religious background * Many atheists gradually came to the realization that they no longer believed You’re on a path many of us have taken. Good luck.
Fucking idiots in every direction. Hooooly shit, that was a bad situation on the verge of getting much worse.
I mean...the plague *did* kill an estimated 50% of the population of Europe that one time.
Fake? Or the story attached to this video isn’t accurate?
None of those things are what the impeachment is about, though.
Here's my standard-but-starting-to-get-old response. The kind of evidence I have for my dog, my mom, or Tom Cruise existing. That is not a high bar. It's ridiculously low, in fact. I've never seen Tom Cruise in person in my entire life, for example -- not once. But I have also *never* questioned his existence. There are a million mundane things that we encounter every day in our normal life that we never question the existence of, and none of them have had to jump through any "hoops" or present any "acceptable credible evidence" for themselves. They're just...*there*. No gods -- as far as I can tell -- have ever gotten to the same level of "there"ness that a piece of gravel that I probably saw out of the corner of my eye on my walk to the office this morning but didn't actually pay attention to achieved. I don't doubt that piece of gravel exists. The bar is *very* low.
Have you heard of commas?
&gt; Not sure what’s wrong with “naturally”. I’m not either. I didn’t point it out because it’s *wrong* — I pointed it out because one of the first descriptors for *most* god concepts is “supernatural.” The rest of of your comment is completely pointless. Why do we need to use the word “god” when it’s so vague and filled with baggage, and when we already have words to describe the things you’re talking about? We have the word “chocolate chip cookie.” Should we replace it with “god” so we can ask our friends “how many gods did you eat today?” Is that anything? I don’t give a single shit about “god” concepts — I have no need or want of them, and I can’t think of a single reason why I should wedge them into any part of life, science, etc. I don’t understand what you’re trying to argue for or why you’re arguing for it. It seems entirely meaningless.
Ah, yes. *Hilarious*.
Hey, does...does Trump kinda look like the Doom guy?
Seoul or Tokyo. Hard to decide.
Yikes, OP.
What do you mean? Of course it matters. It matters a lot to a lot of people. The whole reason this picture is great is because congress is starting to resemble the population in more ways. Women and people of color are making it to the upper echelons of government, which hasn't always been the case. It's great to see this kind of representation. Why you want to try to make it into something about morality or ruling over people is beyond me, but you do you.
&gt; Can you guarantee those brownies with vagina were elected because of their merit and not because of their skin color to begin with? Seems like you’re assuming they weren’t. Why is that? Can you guarantee that all of the white men in congress were elected because of their merit and not because of their skin color to begin with? Is that a reasonable question, or is something an idiot says? &gt; Are they any good to begin with other then for pushing socialist agendas? How are you defining “good?” Lots of people think “pushing socialist agendas” *is* good. But I think I understand now. You’re ignorant of these women, what they stand for, how they campaigned, etc. You see them as “brownie vaginas” and nothing more, and you lack the imagination to think beyond that bigotry to see them as people who may in fact be just as capable and deserving as anyone else to be in the positions they’re in. The fact that you’re too intellectually lazy and incapable of putting the work in to push past your backward ignorance isn’t anyone else’s fault — it’s yours. Do better.
This is kinda funny and cheeky. I like it.
Oh, so *that’s* what this about now? You’ve moved the goalposts from “they’re just brownie vaginas” to “they aren’t different enough from each other?” You’re just concerned about the *lack of diversity*...I see. Fuck off with this pathetic back-peddling bullshit. If you want to know what they’re about, stop being a lazy fuck and go to their fucking websites or follow them on twitter. Stop pretending like your ignorance is just *concern*. It’s embarrassing.
&gt; So you dont want diversity when it comes to the political ideology is what you are saying? No, it’s not. This isn’t working. Move on. &gt; Also you find the optimal way to sell failed socialist ideology by the means of mutiple brownies who happen to be vagina humans? That is a great plan! What are you talking about? You have proven multiple times that you’re not worth engaging with. Get your shit together. Cheers.
No idea how anyone is supposed to answer this question for you. It’s not our stuff. It’s not our money spent. Do what you think you should do. A big part of solo travel is solo-problem-solving.
&gt; Do you think the body positivity movement encourages fat people to stay fat? No. Not in the main. I think a vast majority of fat people know that it is unhealthy and know that it would be better to be healthier. &gt; Why or why not? I think what body positivity aims to do is remove some of the social stigma from the experience of being whatever shape a person may be. It’s not about fat or skinny or strong or weak or tall or short — it’s about all of them and learning to view them appropriately. In the case of overweight people, a lot of folks struggle with losing weight and feeling like they are constantly being shamed by everyone around them can make that struggle much more difficult. Getting rid of that complicating factor can only be — in most cases — a benefit. It’s up to each person (and to some degree their doctors) to make their own choices about their body.
1. Do you have the latest mobile app? 2. Has the mobile app downloaded the update yet? 3. Are you connecting the phone to the camera and waiting a while? It doesn’t always show up immediately. 4. Have you looked on the Facebook group?
Neat. Anyway, atheism has nothing to say about religion *apart from* where it might intersect with deities.
&gt; It intersects with deities a lot: I agree. Never said otherwise.
&gt; It’s not a pursuit. A point that bears repeating. A person who has never heard a single god claim is an atheist. It need not be any kind of pursuit or “position” — it’s more like a state.
We take it seriously because religion still has a huge influence and real-world impact in many parts of the world. And it sounds like you *don’t* “just ignore” them.
&gt; Right. That's what we need to do. The word god/s has a few definitions but supernatural isn't a requirement. I’ve told you the definition I’m using, and repeated it over and over. If you have anything to say about my positions *given my definition*, say it. &gt; So. What do they all have in common? Might and or veneration. They don’t all have that in common. So let’s just toss out your definition and ignore it the same way you’ve been ignoring mine. *You* came into this post asking a question, and that question was answered. You now either understand what *this* atheist thinks atheism is, or you are incapable of listening or understanding. Either way, I’m actually not all that interested in hearing your “rebuttals” to that. &gt; Anything and anyone can be a god. What is added is simply might or veneration. It's in the eye of the beholder. Then the word means nothing. Throw it out and use the definition that I gave without the label. It may surprise you to learn that I don’t give a single fuck about which word we use. Call it “grabachacalango” for all I care. &gt; Let's switch gears briefly. No, let’s not.
I did say “huge influence,” so your “any way shape or form” is a bit of a reach. Scandinavian countries are well-known for their general lack of public religiosity and a lack of religious influence on everyday life.
&gt; Do you think that exclusive to atheism? Do I think the idea that religions espouse ideas that are worthy of criticism is exclusive to atheism? No. &gt; It seems more prevalent in theism. I don’t care. This has fuck all to do with the false dichotomy you presented.
Japan is another place where religion has very little *meaningful* impact on everyday life...but with some caveats. A lot of what we know as “Japanese culture” was influenced by certain *philosophies*, if not necessarily *religions*. There are also near-constant reminders of religion — shrines, pagodas, etc — but the religion in question is one of the most benign around (for most of its history) and the traditions associated with it are at this point almost entirely ceremonial. I happen to like ceremony, so it’s good for me.
What about China? Most of my friends who live there have never given much thought whatsoever to religion. It’s just not a part of their life *at all*.
&gt; If atheism is a lack in the belief of the existence of god/s how can someone be born as an atheist? By...being born. I don’t understand the question or the confusion. &gt; You can't not believe in something you've never heard of, especially, believe it or not, if you don't have a thought as a newborn wouldn't. This is a terrific example that demonstrates how poorly you’ve been paying attention to the responses you’ve received in this thread. I wonder if you can even piece together what you got wrong here. I wonder if you’re capable of that kind of rudimentarily careful thought.
&gt; So what you really are saying is that you have the only answer and it isn't to be questioned or discussed unless it is in agreement with your answer. No. Not at all, and you’re just digging the “I’m not actually paying any attention and I’m not worth engaging with” hole ever-deeper with this. &gt; If you don't want to talk to me then don't talk to me. It's that simple. Change the channel. I haven’t said that. Are you capable of reading a sentence without applying layer upon layer of additional narrative and subtext? Is that something you think you can do? You might try it, because you’re smuggling so much of *you* and *your* hang-ups into these responses that they don’t make much sense at all.
How does one build an audience? I think all public performance careers are rooted in a certain amount of narcissism, but that doesn’t bother me and I don’t think of it as a bad thing. That’s what it takes to think people want to hear you talk on stage for an hour, and I’m glad a lot of people are doing that. I also think these careers involve promoting your stuff — posting it out into the world to find your audience.
&gt; ...there’s no changing their minds We know that’s not necessarily true, though. Plenty of people change their minds.
There’s a whole-ass sub for debating atheists. Weird that you managed to post this in a sub for Christians, and then one about religion. Anyway... &gt; I've heard atheists ask for proof they are a creature and that they have free will... I’m assuming when you say “creature” you mean “a created bring?” The word “creature” is not commonly understood in that way. I’ve also heard atheists ask for evidence for creation and for certain concepts of “free will.” &gt; Does this desperation come from simply wanting to reject something associated with God and religion. What are you referring to as “desperation?” You’ve described atheists asking for evidence of two different things, but you’ve given us no reason to think that asking for that evidence is an act of desperation. Often, these questions come from a place of genuine curiosity about the reasons behind certain claims. If you claim the universe or humans were created, I’d like to see the evidence for that claim, *especially* when all of the currently available evidence points to humans being the result of millions and millions of years of evolution on earth. *That* concept has loads of evidence behind it — so much that the experts in the field tell us it’s as good as *fact*. So why would asking for evidence for a counter claim be “desperation,” and why would it need to have fuck all to do with any gods or religions? If you’re making the claim that humans were created by someone, I’d like to see the evidence for that claim. That’s it. No reason to bring gods or religion into it from my standpoint. Same essential argument goes for free will, but is perhaps a little harder to navigate since some formulations of the idea seem to be based on first person subjective *experience* of free will, so there’s a lot more defining and level-setting that needs to happen there. Either way, I see no reason why either question is a kind of desperation, or what they have to do with any gods or religions *unless* you’re saying that your answers to those questions involves gods or religions, in which case — as I would say to anyone else who claimed to have the answers — present your evidence! &gt; It is not even debatable that we are creatures and that we have our own minds to freely think and act. Except that it is. Asserting that it’s not is either dishonest or ignorant. I’ll let you decide which one you prefer. We know that these things are debatable because we know that people have been debating them for millennia. &gt; What makes a creature ask for proof they have free will while displaying they have free will by typing and thinking and acting of their own accord? It seems to me that you don’t actually have a very good grasp on this topic if this is the kind of question you’re asking. If that’s the case, I would encourage you to look into it. Hopefully it won’t be a surprise to you to learn that what’s being discussed when people question the reality of free will isn’t our gut feelings or “common sense.” It’s a much deeper and richer conversation than that, and one that the question that you’ve just asked seems to indicate you’re not very familiar with. &gt; There are far better arguments against God and religion and I completely lose respect or interest in anyone who denies they are a creature and have free will. Well, yes. We don’t need to ever get that far. We can just point to the lack of any convincing evidence for the existence of any gods and call it a day. But sometimes people enjoy granting things for the sake of argument. It can be entertaining. &gt; Let's do better atheists. You’ll forgive me for not being inspired by this post, in which you essentially showed your whole ignorant ass and did nothing but hand-wave and make bald assertions. I think we’re doing just fine. &gt; Stop arguing against free will and that you are a creature. You’re really going to have to explain this “creature” thing. I thought I might know what you mean, but I’m not so sure anymore. Either way...no. Sorry, I’m not going to take instruction from you. &gt; Desperation is not how you gain respect. I wasn’t aware gaining respect was my goal.
You could at least *pretend* to read the things you’re responding to.
https://www.reddit.com/r/askanatheist/comments/etqtzd/what_is_atheism/
I’m eyeing that Mavic air. Where can we see the footage?
You sure do want people to know your personal beliefs.
I’m not sure what you’re referring to. Not knowing how the universe came to be does not necessarily mean that it *could* have been a god — not in any meaningful way. It just means we don’t have the answers to that question yet. One could claim to know things that almost certainly *didn’t* cause it, like my neighbor’s dog, for example. But to your question, in a universe where solipsism and other things continue to be blockers to 100% certainty — and especially with claims like omnimax god claims, which are pretty much unfalsifiable — it is most accurate and honest to say that nearly *anything* is a possibility. But since 100% certainty is not one of those things, what we have to deal with is *likelihood*. Not all possibilities are equal. For *every single question* that humans have managed to answer with a high enough degree of certainty as to label the answers “fact,” no gods have yet been necessary. We’ve explained so much in our time on this planet so far, and yet not *once* has “a god” been the answer that we’ve found. And it’s not for lack of trying. Religious people have been trying as hard as they can to produce *any* convincing evidence for the existence of any gods for millennia. But so far every single attempt has been a failure. There remains no good evidence for the existence of any gods — only excuses for the lack. Meanwhile, human understanding continues to chug along and we learn more and more about our apparently god-free universe every day. Who knows? Maybe there’s a god discovery just around the next turn. Maybe a god is hiding in the ever-shrinking pockets of our ignorance, and maybe one day we’ll shine our lights on one. But all of the available evidence points away from that happening. I see it as so unlikely that it’s almost silly to consider, just as I’m sure most people probably think last Thursdayism is somewhat silly. A majority of atheists share these thoughts, as far as I am aware. They don’t assert that there exist no gods — they just haven’t seen any convincing reason to think there are.
Or...how to lose your kid in your own house! I would have loved something like this.
Interesting. I went to Ireland for an impromptu long weekend a little over a month ago with no plan and was surprised at how relatively inexpensive all of my night-of accommodations were. Maybe it’s seasonal? My only tip is that whatever maps tells you the driving time will be, double it. I’m not sure why — possibly just being distracted by scenery — but I never got anywhere in the time I thought I would.
Astrophysics is not evolution.
As a general rule, I assume no one wants to hear about my trips — and why would they? Unless someone presses me to talk about it, I don’t share, and that suits me just fine. I don’t (personally) travel for them, or for the stories, etc. I travel because I want to go places and other people’s interest in that has no impact on my trips. I don’t expect anyone else to care. YMMV.
Why would you jump to jealousy? There are a lot of people in my life who do things I have no interest in. That in no way means that I’m jealous of them. I just don’t share those interests.
Have you considered...not planning? A lot of us travel that way — figuring out what we want to do day by day and hour by hour. What is it that you’re hoping to get out of planning? &gt; For example I've tried to solo travel to Thailand and I could only see the most touristic and accessible parts, I couldn't even experience the exotic side of it. Is that bad? Did you enjoy your trip? What do you mean by “the exotic side?” What were you hoping for or expecting? It sounds to me — and I’m just filling in gaps here, so I could be wrong — like you’ve got it into your head that travel is supposed to be a certain “way” in order to be “good” travel, when nothing could be further from the truth. Many of us solo travel so we can make whatever we want of our time away. Sometimes that means eating at a McDonald’s and visiting the tourists traps because they’re interesting. Sometimes that means wandering around until our feet are sore with no activity in mind. Sometimes that means buying a metro pass and riding trains to the end of the line, just to see what’s there. Sometimes it means meeting locals and following them around for the day. If you’re not enjoying your trips, first ask yourself why and what you were expecting that you didn’t get. Then, on your next trip, do those things.
A lot of artists would like to have a word with you about that claim...
Jesus Christ, I saw the title and didn’t see which sub it was in at first and had a mini panic attack.
/r/nothingeverhappens
Also reddit obfuscates scores early on for various reasons, IIRC. It is not uncommon for a post to look like it was immediately downvoted when in fact it was not. Either way, it’s best not to call out downvotes. They don’t matter.
Don’t sleep on cardboard anymore. Did you need other people to tell you this?
This is a weekly thread posted by the mods that serves an actual purpose.
Imagine seeing the world this way, then accusing others of having a blinding agenda.
Of course, but in an appropriate sub, perhaps.
What percent of “the Hollywood elite” do you think fit that description in any meaningful way?
&gt; More do than don’t. That’s an empirical claim. Back it up — convince me. How did you come to this “over 50%” figure? &gt; That’s just an example general snobbery earns my distain. Tell me others. That one wasn’t very convincing. &gt; I called them elitists for a reason. Yes, I’m sure. Care to share your definition of the term?
Yeah, I’m...baffled. The thing that’s hard for me to convince myself of is that saying what she said makes sense in any context. Do racists call that team...that? I just can’t make heads or tails of this one. It’s hard to make sense of as a racist slip, and also difficult to see as a bizarre and *extremely* unfortunate accident.
Sure, I think I can clarify a bit. Let’s go back to your comment... &gt; People conveniently decide what science is depending on their agenda. Look at gender, or crime statistics, or health relationships controlled by class, etc. All of those things are understood through qualitative and quantitative data but some still refuse to accept the data because it doesn’t conform to their narrative. Here you use a few specific examples where there is contention within and outside of science to make a rather broad claim about “people” and how they approach “science.” In context with the OP, which bemoans how doctors are not celebrated like actors, it reads as if you have let your views on those particular issues overwhelm your ability to see the whole, or even your ability to stay on topic. Doctors *are* celebrated, as are scientists of all stripes. Perhaps they and their celebrations are not as well-known as entertainers, but that’s because entertainment appeals directly the the masses almost by definition, whereas not all medical or scientific breakthroughs do. To suggest that medical science is not celebrated and to add that it’s because “people conveniently decide what science is blah blah gender blah blah crime stats blah blah” makes it seem like you’re just looking for a soap-box to shout about your particular grievances. *That* was what my comment was about — not the existence of confirmation bias or belief perseverance. &gt; Edit: Lol I guess confirmation bias and belief perseverance aren’t scientific facts. Lol, thank you downvoters for proving my point. *No one* has said they aren’t. This is your windmill. Tilt away — it’s just the wind between your ears.
That’s fair. Doesn’t look good for your view, though — your view which you chose to share publicly. Almost makes it seem like you don’t actually have a good reason to “despise” actors. Anyway, cheers.
It’s *almost* as if I said “depending on the city” at the beginning of my comment.
&gt; China needs a little bit of chaos. Not a view I necessarily share, but you’ll notice I talked about the effect that chaos would have on the *rest* of the world — not just China. &gt; I tend to delight in the death of people who are authoritarian tyrants and otherwise awful human beings. To each their own, I suppose.
&gt; Just because someone has a huge platform to shout at the clouds, doesn’t mean I have to listen to them. ...what are you talking about now? &gt; Agree with my point of view or don’t, I don’t care. Yes, you already said that, but I don’t think you’ve made a “point” yet. You’ve claimed to hate actors, and I don’t know how I could meaningfully disagree with your own description of your own emotions. &gt; Unlike some empty headed panderer who says “ me too” while protecting Harvey because they traded their morals for their role, no one is going to listen to me. Is this another example of why you despise all actors? &gt; I have made the decision to not listen to empty headed panderers. How do you determine which people are “empty headed panderers” and which aren’t? &gt; Personal decision I’m not going to push my view on you or anyone else, I merely elaborated my position. No one suggested you should push your view on anyone else, or that it isn’t a personal one, but thanks for the reassurances, I guess. Your elaboration hasn’t been very elaborate. So far we’ve got a claim about how many actors yell about carbon footprints while flying everywhere in private jets that you can’t seem to provide any evidence for, and some vague reference to “empty headed panderers.” I’ll be clear — I don’t give a single fuck about your opinion either. But I do think it’s somewhat interesting that you seem to be unable to properly support it.
Brags about over-sized wrist watch while pointing at his wrist... Isn’t wearing a watch.
Cool! I’ll try it out.
&gt; Are we done now? Up to you, I guess. I’d still be interested in seeing how you came to your “over 50%” claim, and how you justify “despising” an entire group of people because “over half” of them do something you don’t like. But if you don’t feel like “digging up examples” — something I wouldn’t think would be all that difficult considering the confidence with which you made the claim — then that’s fine with me. I’m not in charge of anything.
The tour groups I follow were preparing for this eventuality and I imagine either changed schedules around so that not many people are there, or had arrangements already made. At any rate, I’m not sure what you mean. They’d likely stay until the borders are open again, or exceptions will be made to allow people to leave who are not expected to return.
Har har.
“I don’t know what my dog wants! My best guess is...never-ending eye contact?” “Look at these baby browns, dad! Look at these goddamn baby browns...” If you haven’t heard Pete Holmes talk about dogs, it’s worth a listen.
Are you okay?
...Are you okay?
In a post-event podcast that I listened to, she made a point of saying how she was “done” with the whole scene — how she didn’t need it and had no reason to stay involved at all.
Are these products sanctioned by your doctor, or is this more of a “self-medicating” situation?
What alternatives has your doctor provided, if any? What methods have they proposed for dealing with these cravings? Would your doctors agree that this is a “medical condition?”
Someone who is “searching” happened here. I hope she finds it.
Thanks for all the information!
The most! That feels like a stretch. What’s disrespectful about it? Who is being disrespected?
Would you really? Inconvenience is in the eye of the beholder so I’m not arguing with you, but how exactly would that “badly inconvenience” you?
So you’re going to go out of your way to ruin a short video of someone dancing? I wonder if some of the people making these responses — on a comment about self-awareness — realize how petty and disgruntled and needlessly hateful they make themselves sound.
&gt; Why are people like us rare? You’ll have to be more specific. As far as I know, there is nothing about me that is “rare” by a long shot. &gt; I could be wrong about this but it seems to me that there are not many down to earth people like us. I can walk out of my apartment door right now and probably point you almost 20 “down to earth” people without taking a single step. In fact, by some standards they’d probably be more “down to earth” than anyone who would subscribe to a subreddit about atheism — just normal people going about their lives and not asking for much. &gt; A lot of people seem to be religious. Yes, and that number is shrinking. I don’t think being religious means someone is not “down to earth” though. Some of the most “down to earth” people I know are religions — they run the gamut, just like anyone else. &gt; Why is this? Why is it that people like us are uncommon? I don’t know what you’re after here. If you’re talking about atheists when you say “people like us,” then I don’t get the impression “we” are notably uncommon. In 2017 there was a study that estimated that 7% of the world’s population are non-believers — around *500 million people*. Religion is a powerful idea, and it provides “answers” for a lot of people. Children are raised with it, and many of them never really question it much, which makes sense if they grew up hearing about it from nearly every person of authority that they knew. It is not a surprise that religious belief is still as common as it is, but it is also shrinking and will likely continue to do so. All that being said, I would caution against group-think tendencies — of thinking that you have anything more in common with other non-believers than the non-belief itself. You’ll find that atheists can be just as “non-down-to-earth” as anyone else, and that thinking that non-believers have a corner on any such descriptor is probably not going to serve you well.
&gt;&gt; Me: but it (religious belief) is also shrinking and will likely continue to do so. &gt; You: Are you sure about that? I think it was a supportable statement, based on the information available: https://www.pewforum.org/2019/10/17/in-u-s-decline-of-christianity-continues-at-rapid-pace/ Two issues that I see on the surface of the information you posted (I only had time for a quick glance, so forgive me if I missed something): * It doesn’t really matter if religious people out-produce non-religious people if their children do not remain religious * Even if religious belief has been evolutionarily selected for, we are at a point as a species where we act against our evolutionary conditioning all the time
I just heard "Dark Cloud" after not being exposed to this artist at all in the past. Holy cow, her voice...
If you like cruises, yes. I’ve taken a few, and I thought they were great. If you’re a loner, check on the dining options before booking.
Then you might enjoy mealtimes very much.
Because I haven’t seen any convincing reason to.
Yes, imagine the gall of someone rejecting a “deal” they weren’t even involved in...
✋ I assume this was an invitation to high five.
&gt; Has anyone dealt with being an atheist but not wanting to be? Not personally. &gt; I think the term for my brain is agnostic atheist... I am an agnostic atheist. That term is commonly understood to mean someone who is not convinced there are any gods (atheist) but who does not make the claim that there are no gods (agnostic). Most atheists on reddit identify this way, if I’m not mistaken. &gt; but I think I would be much happier if I believed my mom and my dog I recently had to put down are chilling in a wonderful place together. Sure, that would be nice. I’d be happier if I didn’t have to work for a living and could sail around the world on a boat that never needed repairs of cleaning. ;) &gt; Had to put my dog down who was by my side for basically my whole adult life and I would be so happy if he and my mom are together. But it doesn't make sense in my brain. I had to end my dog’s life late last year. It still sucks 6 months later, and I know exactly what you mean. I “talked to him” for quite a while after that — not because it was ultimately comforting or I felt like he could hear me — but because it gave me an outlet for what I was feeling that felt normal. I talked to him when he was alive, so it was the most natural extension of that behavior. There’s nothing wrong with that, if you feel like you want to do it. There’s nothing wrong with visiting your mother’s grave and talking to her. If it helps you express your feelings and thoughts, do it. It doesn’t mean you have to believe in things you don’t believe, and anyone who gives you shit for it is garbage. Sorry about your losses. Good luck!
I find that even if we grant some of the dumb claims — that homosexual behavior doesn’t occur in other animals, that homosexuality is a choice, that no one is born homosexual, etc — they still don’t get us anywhere. Even if all of those things were true...so what? What does that have to do with whether or not it’s “bad” or not? What does it have to do with whether or not homosexuals deserve equal rights and protections? The *only* argument that could possibly get anyone anywhere is “god arbitrarily says its bad and we have to follow what god says” which has its own set of known problems. There are just no arguments left. The ones people try to use are logically or factually incorrect, it wouldn’t matter if they weren’t, and the only possible workable argument falls apart the moment you try to use it.
&gt; Because the DPRK, unlike the rest of the world, does not have any real news outlets. It has a centralized propaganda machine. That's fair, but it doesn't change anything I said in my initial comment. &gt; The country is now claiming to have a long history with African American liberation movements. They do. &gt; Now considering North Korea's track record of being classified as an international state sponsor of terrorism, do you really think they would reveal that on twitter if it was true? lol It *is* true. This isn't some secret.
Thanks for sharing that!
&gt;Out of curiosity, what makes you say that cop was racist? They didn't say anything about a cop.
If this was a picture of a president heading somewhere to talk about the damage racial inequality has caused in our country, the ill effects of continued unchecked police brutality, the need for national introspection and reckoning, and the hope for reconciliation in our future...it'd be a powerful photo. We'd see the focused, serious look on his face and experience -- if not pride -- at least a sense of admiration. But no. It's this idiot. And he's just had hundreds of his own citizens tear-gassed so that he can pose awkwardly with a book of ancient mythology next to an interesting building for a few minutes in a transparent and completely unhinged attempt at pandering to the lowest common denominator. This is embarrassing.
&gt; Atheism is for children who grew up in u happy homes... What? What could you possibly mean? And who said anything about atheism? But since you brought it up, atheism is not being convinced that a god exists. It's not "for" anyone -- it's just a "nah" answer to a single question. &gt; ...the Bible is less a book of mythology and more a guideline of perspectives and warnings/lessons to be learned, I have no idea what this really means, but it seems like the same can be said about most Mrs. Frizzle and the Magic School Bus books. &gt; ...if trump and atheists actually read and examined the Bible and its messages they’d be less retarded all together I've read the Bible multiple times. I also happen to be an atheist. What do you think I'm "retarded" about, and why didn't reading the Bible help?
&gt; Yea, yea, yea, my eyes see vandalized private property done by people who think this kind of nonsense will cure racism. Nice straw man -- where'd you get it? I don't think anyone thinks these actions will "cure racism." Instead, I think there is a population of people who feel like the only way to get those in power to meaningfully pay attention to them is to raise a stink to the point that they cannot be ignored, and I can't blame them. History books are full of this kind of action *working* to drive real change. It's not going to cure racism, but with any luck it will force some kind of action that lowers the number of unarmed people killed in police custody, and brings more visibility and accountability to racial injustices.
&gt; Lol “almost guarantee”... They hedged their statement to correspond to their level certainty. I know from reading that that this person thinks it's very likely, but wouldn't claim to be sure. Then there's you... &gt; ...and you’d be wrong about that Do you know that? At all? My guess is that you know *fuck all* about how much of the Bible this person has read. So while they were careful to not over-state their certainty, you went all in and asserted something that we have no reason to think you actually have any knowledge about. Why should anyone trust anything you say when this is how you approach simple concepts?
&gt;&gt; Me: book of ancient mythology &gt; You: The church's bishop went off on Trump... Great. What does that have to do with the Bible? &gt; ...for doing everything antithetical to that sacred book. Sounds like you haven't read it. Trump is very "god-like" if the biblical god is the one we're talking about. &gt; She's on your side. What are you talking about? &gt; No need to insult her beliefs. I didn't. I described the book Trump is using as a prop.
&gt; Had his own citizens tear-gassed? Yes. For this photo op specifically. &gt; What else can you do to stop these people that are terrorizing and destroying our cities? Not feeling the need to walk to a nearby church to take photos with a Bible as a prop would be a start. Then you wouldn't have to take extreme measures to secure your path to said photo op. &gt; We can’t just let stuff like that happen? All accounts are that the people who were tear gassed for this presidential walkabout were being fairly peaceful. &gt; I’m 100% with the people protesting for George but to loot stores and burn down buildings to me is unnecessary. Is it, though? A lot of other things have been tried, and history books are full of people tearing shit up when other avenues have been closed to them...and it *working*. I'm willing to let some buildings burn if it means fewer people killed in police custody or less racial injustice. Even if it doesn't -- I think it's worth a try at this point.
&gt; The picture is literally of vandalized property. It's right there. Use your eyes. You *can't* have missed the point that hard. You just *can't* have.
&gt; The enemy of your enemy is your friend. I don't know what you're talking about. I only have one "enemy" in this post and it's Trump. I have not declared anyone else my friend or enemy. I said the Bible is a book of ancient mythology.
Again...Koreans in the DPRK would not be surprised by large cities, skyscrapers, or airplanes. I don’t know where you got that idea from, but it’s ridiculous.
This will be me when I finally un-quarantine myself.
That’s the problem with romanization. It doesn’t always work because the necessary sounds aren’t always captured by the alphabet. Eventually — if you’re actually trying to learn — you have to learn the actual sound and its corresponding character.
&gt; How does one "come out" as atheist Don’t know. Never felt the need.
In that case, I find directness and understanding are usually the best course of action. Don’t beat around the bush, and bear in mind the impact that what you’re sharing may have on the people you’re saying it to. Be prepared to answer questions, be prepared to be patient, be prepared to be surprised, and be prepared to end the conversation if it becomes unhealthy for you or the people you’re having it with.
They’re brothers. Jake is the younger brother and has a string of embarrassments and missteps under his belt. He recently got attention for being in a mall where looting was happening. AFAIK, it’s unclear whether he himself was involved in the looting — he and the person who shot the video both deny that he was. Logan is the older brother and also has a string of embarrassments and missteps in his past. He has recently been using his platform to try to bring attention to racial injustice and inequality and has been spotted at BLM protests.
I love this explanation, but notice that some of the “structures” seem to be expanding out themselves. Is it perhaps a combination that we’re seeing — the light reaching existing material, but the material also being blasted out by the shockwave?
A bit of an Internet legend.
There is no such thing. Someone could respond to your examples with the same argument.
I’m listening to a podcast about WWII right now. If my understanding is correct, this plan is very similar to what the fascists in Italy did during the elections leading up to them taking control of the country — positioned supporters at every polling station to ensure a “fair” election.
Who watches the watchers?
The one I was referring to here is “History of The Second World War” but I also listen to “The History of WWII”
I’ve been.
...and? Go on.
&gt; What do atheist people think happens when we die? I would guess our family and friends might grieve for a while, but for the most part everything stays pretty much the same. &gt; What is everyones opinion on Jesus Christ? Don’t know him. &gt; Like do people think he is a liar, or totally made up person? Sounds like a question for historians. I don’t really care.
&gt; Does evolution not serve a purpose in the advancement of life? No. I think stuff like this is why so many people are assuming you don’t understand evolution. Evolution is a set of simple facts. * Some organisms reproduce * Some reproductions are not a perfect copy * Some changes affect the copy’s ability to reproduce And that’s really it. It doesn’t “serve a purpose” — especially not a purpose as grand as “the advancement of life.” Whose purpose would that be, exactly?
This post is a great example of the kinds of things religion can do to someone’s ability to interact with the world in an appropriate manner. Here we see a presumably religious person suggesting that the eternal torture and suffering of other people at the hands of a deity should be celebrated. When someone asks “what’s the harm in believing something, even if it’s not true?” this post is a wonderful exhibit. I can’t think of a better debate response to this post than to simply quote the whole damn thing back. This is your OP (presumably) on religion, folks and friends. &gt; We should be glad when people are damned to hell. &gt; Nobody gets eternally damned who doesnt deserve it. &gt; Any time someone is damned, that is a perfect execution of justice. &gt; We are to celebrate everything that god does. &gt; Our love for our selves, and for each other, should always be secondary to that of god. &gt; Seriouy why does anybody who identifies with christianity not think we should celebrate when people are damned? To reiterate...OP wonders why any Christian wouldn’t *celebrate* with their whole chest the eternal torture and suffering of people.
...what? Please explain how you determined what “lies behind” people’s motivations for anything “deep down.” Then maybe explain why what this person said has to do with any need for evidence. They specifically said in their comment that there is “undeniable proof” of a god in their imagined scenario. They’re then drawing a distinction between knowing a god exists and actually *worshipping* that god. I have no idea why they chose to make that point in response to your question, which had nothing to do with worshiping any gods, but it’s interesting that you took what they said and apparently tried to twist it into something else that fits your narrative. I see no reason to think any gods exist. That’s why I’m not convinced that one does (read: an atheist) — it has fuck all to do with whether or not I would worship one if one did.
I don’t know if this is meaningfully an evolution question. &gt; Why did we evolve into a species where it is possible to have wars/genocide/mass killings/chaos? What do you mean “why?” What kind of reason are you looking for? We are capable of doing those things. I don’t think there needs to be a “why.” Evolution as a process doesn’t give a shit about any of that — it doesn’t give a shit about anything. It doesn’t have reasons. &gt; Why was it not possible for us to evolve into a specie where we all live in harmony, no wars, killings, hate, etc. How do you know that’s not possible? How do you know it’s not possible for us to be like that now? We *haven’t*, but that doesn’t mean it’s not possible. &gt; When did we start to kill each other? Organisms have likely been destroying each other since close to the beginning of life. &gt; When was the first war? Some of the earliest evidence of warfare is from ~14,000 years ago. This is not an evolution question. Our biology is capable of many different things.
What’s a petiton? ;)
&gt; I consider myself somewhat of an agnostic, although, I have not looked into the precise definition. Maybe you should. A very common modern usage says that agnosticism and atheism are not on the same spectrum. Most atheists in this sub identify as agnostic atheists. The thinking is that everyone comes down on one side or the other of *belief* — you either are convinced a god exists or you’re not convinced. That is atheism / theism. Agnosticism instead refers to whether or not you claim to *know* that a god exists or not. Anyway... &gt; Now this, and the teachings of Jesus and a few others, is the bulk of what you learn if you did not receive further instruction from say a Christian School or a devout parent hardset on pushing religion onto their child. Perhaps you’d do better to not assume that you know anything about the experiences of others, what they learned, and when — even in broad strokes. &gt; You are never really taught what God is, or how he created the universe. You don’t know what people are taught or not taught. Your experiences are not universal. &gt; When asked who/what God is... [blah blah blah] ...and don't even get them started on the creation story. You do not know these things about other people’s experiences. &gt; Now I have been in those classes for 13 years and I still have barley scraped the surface of understanding fully the theology of the Catholic Church, let alone the theology of any other religions (although I assume there is tons of overlap). I don’t give a shit — good for you. Now so what? Do you have any convincing reason for anyone to think a god *actually* exists? &gt; It has taken years of theology study to come up with my best approximation to the definition of God, which is something like the highest possible virtue and the being of the universe. Why not call what you’re talking about “the highest possible virtue” or “the universe?” Those are both far more meaningful terms, and don’t run the risk of being mistaken for Thor or Amaterasu or Yahweh. From there, you could try to give a good reason for anyone to think those two ideas are a single *something*, since at the moment it sounds like you’ve done the equivalent of saying “god is the biggest big and also the fact that earth exists.” I don’t get it, and I don’t care. &gt; **this is not the Catholic definition of God, this is just my interpretation based on all the theology I know**. I don’t care. You’ve given a vague af “something like” definition that at least at the moment doesn’t seem to be anything I should care about in the way people often think we should care about gods. And so I don’t. If you want to call the universe “god,” knock yourself out — same as if you wanted to call a rocking chair god. Why should I or anyone else care? &gt; I'm still far from a real answer to what is God, but it's a long shot from what I assumed as a child and only rectified through a series of religious teachings and theology courses. Neat. Don’t care. Why should I? It seems that what you’ve managed to do through your “series of teachings” is water down the meaning of the word “god” into something I can effectively not give a shit about in any real way. Perhaps you left a lot out of your definition, but if god is entirely synonymous with “the universe” in your view, then *I just don’t care* and don’t see why I should. &gt; This is why I have a huge problem when people ask "do you believe in God". What do you mean by believe, what do you mean by in, and what do you mean by God. I do not believe in the existence of any gods. By “do not believe” I mean “I have not been convinced.” By “gods” I mean any *meaningful* definitions of deities that I have encountered so far. Your definition is not one I consider meaningful — no more than if someone said “god is this rocking chair.” At that point you’re just fucking with words for no good reason. &gt; Of I answer with an honest and simple 'yes' many would I assume I meant that I think a bearded man in the sky exists. I wouldn’t assume that. There have been countless ideas that have had the “god” label slapped on them and the one you keep referring to is most often connected to one religion. &gt; That is not accurate. I don’t care. &gt; I believe in the idea of the God I have described. Good for you. Now what am I supposed to do with the knowledge that you think “god” means “most virtuous” and “the universe?” How is that at all meaningful, and why wouldn’t you use clearer, more descriptive words to describe those things than a word that can so easily be mistaken for a bearded man in the sky. It seems to me that you’re complaining about something *you are causing*. If I decided to call a rocking chair “god,” would it make sense for me to run around saying “No, no, no! You’ve all got it wrong! Why do you keep saying god is the universe or the greatest possible virtue? Come on! God is this rocking chair!” &gt; Believing in this God is believing that there is a highest possible virtue... This is basically meaningless and I have no idea why you would call this god. What if I called the northiest possible north “god” — is that anything? &gt; ...and that there is more to the universe than what humans can observe and study. So believing in god to you means something about the limits of human capability — past, present, and future? How is that “god?” How is it anything? And why are you limiting this to humans? That seems like a weird choice. Your definition of god is somehow bounded to *human* capability specifically? Why? All indications are that we are in fact unable to observe and study the entire universe due to the expansion of said universe. We don’t even know how big the cosmos is — it may be infinite — and we currently only have access to the parts of it that light has managed to reach us from. I have no idea what that’s supposed to have to do with any formulation of god, including your own as described. &gt; These statements are non falsifiable, but their inverses are also non falsifiable. This is where faith comes in and you choose to believe the statements and live accordingly. No, sorry. I just can’t go on the “that’s where faith comes in” turn with you. I don’t *choose* what’s convincing to me or not. You’ve given a vague af definition of “god” and given no reason for anyone to think it’s anything more than you slapping a label on some better-defined terms. That’s not a convincing case for anything, and I can’t *choose* for it to be. &gt; Religion is more about believing statements like these and living in accordance with them. What makes you think I give a shit what religion is? &gt; There are many other flaws atheists have against religion besides 'believing in God'. And many of these flaws overlap with the flaws that I recognize. Couldn’t care less. &gt; However, I think that by being atheist and throwing away religion... I am not “throwing away” anything. You’re assuming religion is some kind of default. I’m not religious, and I’m not sure why I ever should be. &gt; ...you are doing yourself a disservice. I don’t see how, and you’ve certainly done a piss-poor job of convincing me. &gt; Many great ideas that can have profound effects on people's lives are found in the religious teachings. Neat. How many of them are *only* found in religious teachings, and of the ones that *aren’t*, how many of those are similarly meaningless ideas to the “god” concept you shared here? &gt; I look forward to the discourse, but I'm going to pass out in a minute. Starting a thread that you can’t participate in in a timely manner is generally seen as rude around here.
They're called "breadcrumbs" and I don't know of a universally "automatic" way to implement them -- it would depend on how / where your website is built.
Ha! I'm sure you've seen it, but in case you haven't, "Buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo" is a grammatically correct and legitimately informative sentence.
Whew...
Have you seen the version with the little girl and her dad? Here it is: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7i-TV45lQE
What do you mean by "merge them into one"? If you're talking about cutting clips together, you'd do it just like you would if you were editing any other video.
Edited my comment with it. Pretty adorable.
&gt; ...but if you want people to come here and debate you need some more fucking tact when it comes to responding to people. I'm alright, thanks.
&gt; You’re one to talk about rude? You’ve gone out of your way to be as snarky and condescending as possible? Were those meant to be questions?
&gt; You’re on a subreddit called debate an atheist... WhAt?! I thought I was in the Grumpy Old Men fanfic sub. FUCK. &gt; ...not post your beliefs so that an obnoxious atheist can come here and immediately cuss you out and say they don’t care. That would be a long sub name. I'm sorry certain words seem to bother you, but you must have a ridiculously low bar for "cussing someone out." &gt; You’ve made no point... I made multiple points, and it's weird that you didn't seem to notice, but maybe it was because I said the "shit" word. Maybe that knocked you off-balance and you missed a bunch of stuff. Who knows? &gt; ...and have damaged your own point... But, wait...didn't you just say..? Ah, fuck it. &gt; ...by covering it in immaturity. Mmm, a thick, runny coat of it. Just pouring all over it and dripping down Walter's chin and into Jack's open, waiting mouth while Ann-Margret watches from the rocking chair in the corner...which is god. Thanks for your input! I really loved it.
Didn’t realize there was a biopic. I’ll have to check that out.
*Most?*
&gt; They have no idea what they're talking about... By what method did you determine this? Couldn't I just fling the same accusation back at you? You have no idea what you're talking about. And so you should shut the fuck up on this topic. See?
&gt; Out of curiosity, why do you think people would default to atheism? My take would be that an understanding of the word is what makes me think people not only *would* but *do* "default to atheism". As far as I know, no newborn baby is convinced that a god exists. That is atheism in the modern understanding of the word -- not being convinced that a god exists. It's not necessarily a *position*, but rather a *state*. Until someone somehow learns about a god and becomes convinced that god exists, they are in an atheist state. &gt; Don't Christians, when asked what happens to people who didn't believe in Christ when they die, assert that if the person had gone searching spiritually they would surely have found the Christian God, and might you not be experiencing a similar bias towards your own worldview? It feels to me like you are misunderstanding OP's post. I think they're advocating for a world in which each individual is allowed to perform that search and make that discovery on their own with as little outside influence as possible. If they find a god, so be it. My guess would be that this potential misunderstanding stems from a conception you might have of what "atheism" is compared to the modern, common usage of the word, which is simply a state of not being convinced that a god exists. To my understanding, OP is saying "we should try to allow people to discover religion / beliefs on their own." &gt; Given this history, I would draw the conclusion that spirituality is the default condition of human beings. That doesn't appear to run counter to/ afoul of anything OP said. If people consistently discover spirituality, fine. OP seems to simply be suggesting that we don't push them one way or another. For many of us, that state that someone would be in before making that discovery can be described as "atheist."
I don't know if you saw it going around on various platforms this past week, but there was a screenshot of someone discussing defunding police departments with another person. The person they were chatting with said something to the effect of, "If you get rid of the cops, what's to stop someone like me from raping you?" It reminded me of the "argument" you mentioned. It boggles the mind that they don't catch themselves while saying it or at least immediately retract it once it leaves their dumb mouths.
&gt; i think you mean children should be brought up as atheist? As far as we can tell, humans are not born convinced that a god exists. Atheism is not being convinced that a god exists -- that's all. &gt; i'd rather they be brought as agnostics... Atheism and agnosticism are not mutually exclusive -- there is no "rather" here. Most atheists identify as agnostic atheists. &gt; ...atheism is a stance dealing with absolute certainty... No, it is not. Not in the most common, modern understanding of the word. You seem to be alluding to an old-as-fuck definition almost exclusively pushed by religious people these days.
Totally fair, but wanted to make sure you knew.
&gt; One is a claim. Strong. Which one? &gt; The other is not. Neutral. They both make claims. &gt; Following? I'm not following *you*. You seem immensely confused. Let's try this... What is the "claim" you think atheists are making? Spell it out in your own words.
I can read. Can you? What is the "claim" you think atheists are making? Spell it out in your own words. Unless you wrote that wiki post, pasting it here again isn't a response. *Edit: To be clear, I'm referring to the claim ALL atheists are making -- the claim you think makes ALL of them atheists.*
What makes you think you would? Thousands of foreign tourists visit the country every year with no issue.
&gt; True but i'm stupid would probably get arrested bc qa something stupid such as an alarm. So i could get arrested just by a western song as an alarm No, you wouldn’t. What makes you think you’d be arrested for that?
And was I supposed to somehow know that you responding to a comment means that it had been removed? Did the other comment that you responded to also get removed?
&gt; There is a good chance I've responding as a mod it is because you broke a rule. First off, you’d have to assume people would know that for some reason. Second, I imagine “breaking a rule” doesn’t automatically mean that content has been removed, so now we’re two assumptions deep. Third, “there’s a good chance” doesn’t provide any clarity. This doesn’t sound like a workable system *at all*. It seems there should be *some* indication of what actions have been taken so that people aren’t expected to make wild guesses. Seriously...someone’s supposed to know that “we can aim for better” means “I’ve decided to remove your comment for breaking a rule”?
&gt; I have noticed that author (listed in the title) is critisising organised religion. Okay. This is a sub about evolution. &gt; What I woul like to know is what is his stence on spirituality \*, meditation etc. Cool. ...is that it? Good luck in your search. I’m not sure why you thought this belonged here.
Was that a reference to Warmbier?
&gt; He knows you believe in evolution, so you don't have to hide your beliefs. I know this is just your setup, but...*believe in evolution?* Can you be specific about what you mean by that? &gt; Of course, you disagree with almost everything in YEC literature. But you are willing to grant some of YEC arguments that are slightly less insane than others... Am I, though? &gt; ...which of the evidence in favor of YEC would you tell them to push... I’m not aware of any evidence “in favor” of YEC, at least not exclusively. So...I guess I would tell him to just stick to saying “god did it” over and over again — a gish gallop of hand-waving. It’s not going to convince anyone, but at least it’s unfalsifiable if you’re creative enough with the attributes of the supposed god. &gt; ...and which would you ask him to literally never use again. Well, I have to say... &gt; Also, saying, "I would tell him not to use any of his arguments" is a lame and not fun response. ...fuck it. All of them. I would tell him to never use any of his arguments again, since they’re garbage. Sorry to be “not fun” but steel-manning YEC just isn’t something I think I’m capable of doing. It’s utter bullshit.
I’m pretty stoked about this idea.
I don’t understand how this is meant to be a response to my comment. Yes, obviously OP thinks there’s a risk involved and they don’t want to take that risk. That’s been established since their first comment and hasn’t been in question, so...well done you? My comments are about how misinformed their understanding of that risk seems to be, based on what they’ve said.
&gt; Jesus could you get any more passive aggressive lmao. Probably. &gt; It’s a response to your comment because you seem to think there isn’t any risk in going... Go on, then. When did I indicate that I think there “isn’t any risk?” &gt; ...when there most definitely is. And that’s what I was asking OP about, because I try not to strawman people. What they came back with was “I might get thrown in prison for using a western song as my alarm” which indicates to me that their ideas about the country and the risks associated with travel to it are wildly misinformed.
Yesterday he said he would leave office peacefully if he lost in Nov. Today he reschedules his shitty rally. I’m not accustomed to being generally okay with two things Trump did this close together.
Can’t have a second wave if you’re still on the first.
My company had a bunch of college-aged summer interns a few years ago and one day it was discovered that *all* of them had 50+ tabs open on their phone’s browser at all time. None of them thought that was odd, and there was really no *good* argument for it being a problem. So I’m not sure if this is “kids are stupid” as much as it is “younger people don’t have the same hang ups as we do about certain tech things” material.
Why did we need to turn the sound on?
The topics you want to hear more about are murder and disasters?
&gt; The empty tomb is historical I’ve read and re-read the commonly presented “evidence” for this in the past and for the life of me I can’t figure out how we’re meant to take it seriously. It seems like a fuck-load of hand-waving, deep-cut assumptions and smuggled in premises, and “well, it seems like” nonsense — not actual historical evidence. But I’m not a historian, so... *So what?* Let’s go with the “history” and agree that a man named Jesus was buried and his tomb was later found empty. Why should I or anyone else *care*, and what does this have to do with atheism?
Call Columbus a...genocide?
I gotta be honest... I wouldn’t be using Lindsey Graham’s endorsement in anything, even if it was an attempt to call out hypocrisy. His endorsement is utterly *meaningless*. *Edit: In an attempt to stem the flow, please read the comment carefully and pay attention to both what I said and what I didn’t say. Some of these responses...*
&gt; Although Atheists insist Atheism is not a religion, Atheism is very similar to religion Kay. &gt; Atheists share the same core beliefs. If you don't believe in God, you're an Atheist. Right. That’s what the word means. Is that “sharing the same core beliefs” to you? Would you say that people who aren’t convinced that Nessie is real also “share the same core beliefs?” &gt; If you don't know, you're an agnostic, not an Atheist. Fuck, are we going to have to do this again? Most atheists are agnostic atheists. There are also agnostic theists, gnostic theists, and gnostic atheists. If you don’t know what those things mean, it’s *very* easy to find out. But long story short, atheism and agnosticism are not considered to be two mutually exclusive ranges on a single spectrum. They are answers to two different questions — one about belief and one about knowledge. &gt; If you believe in a God, you're no longer an Atheist. Correct. &gt; Therefore, all Atheists have the same core "beliefs" as each other. I think you mean they all *lack* a particular belief, namely that a god exists. A *lack* of something is not the same as a something. Would you say that a group of people who *don’t* have golf clubs all have the same golf clubs? &gt; The whole "Atheism is not a religion" only seems like a response from angry Atheists who want to distance themselves from other religions. Or it’s an acknowledgment of fact. Despite your failed attempts at demonstrating it, atheism has no core principles. The *only* thing all atheists share is that they are not convinced that a god exists. That could be for any number of reasons. Atheism has no dogma. Atheism has no clergy. Atheism has no ritual. Atheism has none of the trappings commonly associated with a religion. If atheism is a religion then so is liking chocolate ice cream. So no, I don’t think it’s a response from angry people to say that atheism is not a religion. It’s simple acknowledgment of reality. &gt; Just like how a Muslim would angrily say that Islam is not like other religions, or how Christians would say that Christianity is not the same, etc. Very different claims. &gt; So when I get told that "All religions are bad" by an Atheist, it holds as much weight to me as a Christian saying "All religions besides Christianity are bad". Great. I don’t care. &gt; I hope that fellow Atheists will remember this every time they pull the "I'm not religious so Im exempt from my statement" card. If I’m making a statement specifically about religions, *atheists are exempt*. You haven’t made a convincing case to the contrary.
&gt; Atheism is not a religion... True. &gt; ...atheism is the lack of religion. False. Atheism is not being convinced that a god exists. Don’t extend it beyond what it is.
Yeah, that’s kinda where the conversation with the interns ended. I asked if it caused problems on their phone and they were like, “Not as far as we can tell” and that was it.
I don’t like the term “higher power” because it’s even more vague than “god.” It could mean almost anything. Technically Trump is a “higher power” compared to me. So if I replaced your “higher power” with “god” — even if that’s not what you intended — my response would be: &gt; Religion is a belief in a god. I don’t think that’s *necessarily* true. There are things we call “religions” that don’t involve any gods. Satanism, some sects of Buddhism, Jainism, etc. &gt; Atheism is lack of believe in any god. True. &gt; They’re nothing alike. True.
&gt; Atheists are the worst possible advert for their position. What “position” is that? Can you clearly state this atheist position in your own words, just so we know we’re on the same page?
So do you think not being convinced that a god exists (atheism) is a religion?
&gt; No. I think that other things that build on that position are essentially a religion. What are they? I’ve been an atheist for more than half my life and I’m not aware of anything about that experience that would fit with your description. &gt; In the same way you could argue that Jesus did not start a religion. Paul did - building on what Jesus said. But Jesus did not. I’m not sure how that’s relevant. I generally agree that the Christian religion’s main influence was Paul. Is there some connection to atheism that I’m missing? &gt; So, the initial conception is not a religion but a religious framework accrues around it. I’m still not clear on what this “religious framework” is supposed to be in relation to atheism, *especially* not given your definition of religion.
&gt; How do I keep track of all the names Atheists keep making in order to move goalposts? What makes you think you need to or should? And atheist does not need to be capitalized.
SAME, OMBGM!
&gt; I need to so they don't get pissy when I'm not specific about their non-religion. You know what would make it a lot easier for you? Acknowledging and accepting that atheism isn’t what you seem to think it is. It’s hardly a “thing” at all. One you realize that, you’ll also probably realize why you’re having such a hard time pinning it down. I’ve been an atheist for over 20 years and *nothing* has changed about what atheism itself is (read: simply not being convinced that a god exists) during that entire time, so I’m not entirely sure what you’re complaining about.
You haven’t supported that argument in a convincing way, and you haven’t answered the questions I asked.
I think I can shortcut you with only minimal strawmanning. OP seems to think any commonality of thought — including a shared *lack* of a certain individual opinion — is a religion or *very much like* a religion. I don’t know your first name. You don’t know my first name. We are a religion or very similar to a religion.
&gt; If they believed Nessie created the universe that certainly makes them a religion. They don’t believe Nessie exists — that was included in the question — so how could they possibly believe that it created the universe? Would you like to try answering the question again? &gt; If I made a survey about the type of golf clubs people have, I would definitely include a category for people not having any golf club. Very thorough of you. Not the question I asked, though — weird that you can’t answer questions directly. But going with your narrative, do the people who mark “I don’t have any golf clubs” have a type of golf club? &gt; Just like how "Not having a religion" is definitely part of "What religion do you have?" That would be a poorly designed survey since the question is formulated in such a way that assumes that the respondents “have a religion.” Sure, it provides an opt out, but any good survey designer would understand that selecting that opt out means the respondent is...opting out. They’re saying “this question does not apply to me,” not “my religion is I don’t have a religion.” And maybe this is the crux of the problem here. Something about your worldview has led you to think that everyone has a religion — that a question like “what religion do you have” isn’t ridiculous on its face, or that saying “I don’t have one” is the same as saying “my religion is I don’t have one.” &gt; Not having a religion is a type of having a religion in this metaphor. This is hands down the stupidest thing I’ve read today. &gt; Islam and Judaism have no clergy. Fair enough. And? &gt; Atheism doesn't have a dogma but it certainly has a set of "beliefs" that make you qualify as an atheist. A single position on one’s own state of mind. *That’s it.* All it takes for an individual to be an atheist is to not be convinced that a god exists. That could happen because they’ve never heard of the concept before. It could happen because they’ve heard about gods but didn’t think the evidence for them was convincing. It doesn’t matter. An individual not being convinced that a god exists *is not a “set of beliefs” in any meaningful way.* You do violence to the language when you try to make it out to be. &gt; I'm also certain there are some religions without rituals (a quick Google search showed Deism). Deism is not considered a religion, AFAIK. You’ll note though that I was giving a list of examples of things religions commonly involve. Of course there are some things that are considered religions that don’t tick all of the boxes. &gt; If you believe chocolate ice cream created the universe that's certainly your religion. Fucking hell... Atheists don’t believe that “I’m not convinced that a god exists” created the universe. You keep trying to thrust this concept onto things, but you seem to miss that it’s *not fucking applicable to atheism* so all you’re doing is demonstrating over and over that your argument is shit. &gt; It's a silly technicality that is used to unnecessarily waste people's times... It’s only a “waste of time” if you continue to insist against all available evidence and logic that atheism is a religion. If I continually interrupted you to say “the word I means you,” it would absolutely be a waste of time. *You* are the one wasting everyone’s time by trying to bring a simple declaration about the state of an individual’s mind in regards to a single question down to the level of a religion. &gt; ... with empty arguments such as "All religions are bad but Im an Atheist so I'm different." I don’t know personally anyone who makes those kinds of claims — seems like a windmill to me. &gt; Me: Very different claims. [“Islam / Christianity are different to other religions” vs “Atheism is not a religion”] &gt; You: No they aren't. They are fundamentally different. One is saying “X is different to Y in the alphabet” and the other is saying “the color red is not a letter in the alphabet.” &gt; I just repurposed the typical holier than thou argument and applied it to different religions. I don’t know what this means or what argument you’re referring to. If you have atheists declaring themselves *holier than thou*, then it sounds like something you should take up with those people. I don’t see how the fuck it’s meant to support the idea that atheism is a religion. Seems like a total side-gripe that I don’t give a single shit about. &gt; Just because you want it to be different doesn't make it different. I don’t care about whatever it is you’re trying to talk about with that. I don’t know the people you’ve had experiences with. It just doesn’t matter to me. &gt;&gt; Me: If I’m making a statement specifically about religions, atheists are exempt. You haven’t made a convincing case to the contrary. &gt; You: Try mentioning "but not Atheism" at the end of your statement. It doesn't become more wrong but it highlights how silly and childish it becomes. I have no idea what you’re trying to say. There seems to be some kind of fundamental disconnect to the point that whatever you thought you were communicating here is completely lost on me. ...but not atheism? Did I do it right?
Curious what these abusive DMs were about.
&gt; Sorry it gets tiring to read all these comments from people who just copy paste each other instead of upvoting the person they agree with. You’re just chockablock with assumptions, aren’t you? Let me share a common experience with you. * OP writes a post * I begin my response * A little while later I finish my response and send it * In the intervening time, several other responses have been sent that say similar things to my response This is an active sub. At any given time there are several people writing responses that may end up being very similar to each other. What I like is that you’ve chosen to dismiss this as some kind of “copy and paste” conspiracy instead of considering that your argument has obvious flaws that a lot of people can readily see. If you said “humans are extinct” and got several responses that said “humans are not extinct” would you think that was a “copy and paste” job? Nice try, though.
&gt; But it's really only one belief -- that Gods don't exist. And even here, it's not at all clear whether that really characterizes the term well, as those advocating for lack of belief atheism will be quick to point out. Not super quick, but here I am! Since we *know* that many atheists do not make the claim that no gods exist, it seems to make sense to me — when discussing what atheism *is* — to use the broadest understanding of it. Which, as far as I know, is “not being convinced that a god exists.” Anything more narrow than that gets into a subsection of atheists, and so can’t be really used to to talk about atheism in general, IMO. Nit-picks all the way down.
Can I ask who sent these messages, broadly? Was it people upset that you were interested in what YEC people think, or people upset because they thought you were criticizing YEC?
Haha, that’s interesting. She’s actually where I’m most comfortable with it because I assume it’s part of her character.
&gt; Me providing justification and you accepting what I say are two different things. Yes, I agree. And twice what you've said -- which I have accepted (read: taken on board as your position and in some cases agreed with) -- has not lined up with the statements that started the discussion. &gt; Hopefully - if you are honest - we can agree that there is nothing either of us could say that the other would accept. I don't know what you're talking about, so no -- I don't agree. I've happily accepted things you've said in both threads. Then I've noted that they don't match up with other things you've said and asked for an explanation. You seem to be running some kind of narrative on these exchanges that I'm not privy to. Why wouldn't I accept something that you say? What reason would I have to dismiss everything a complete stranger says? Sounds like something a fucking moron would do. &gt; I at least admit that. Oh. &gt; If you could accept what I am saying you would not be an atheist right? I'm not aware of anything that you've said to me that would have any effect on whether or not I am an atheist, even if I accepted it. What are you referring to? Be specific. &gt; Given that, we both know there is nothing I could say you would ever accept. No, we don't. This sounds like an excuse to not answer simple questions. What did you mean when you said this? &gt; A chimpanzee is probably an atheist. People who run round shouting about religion and demanding proof while labelling themselves as such - not so much. Can you answer that question or will you just go off on another meta tear? &gt; The best result you could hope for is you emerging with a 'victory' that bolsters your position. I honest-to-fuck have no fucking clue what you're talking about, but you're revealing a whole lot about the way you think about these exchanges. It's embarrassing. &gt; I am happy to give you that actually! You can have the win! I don't know what this could possibly mean.
Atheism has fuck all to do with being rational. It's not being convinced that a god exists. How one came to be in that state -- be it through careful consideration or through shitty epistemology and faulty logic or just through not caring or hearing about any gods -- is entirely inconsequential. This idea that atheists are particularly adept at anything comes close to fetishization.
No, honey. &gt; Atheism: lack of faith and Religious conviction. Atheism is not being convinced that a god exists. It only collides with religion or faith in so far as they deal with gods. Not every faith or religion deals with gods. An atheist could be a Buddhist, a Satanist, a Jain, etc.
They did. They answered the last bit of my comment. Since you responded to them as a mod, does that mean their comment has been removed? If so, I’d like to appeal that decision as I think they did directly address a point I made in my comment.
They’ve responded to 4 of the 9 top-level comments at the time of me starting this comment. Can you give OP clarity on what “engaging well” means in this context so that they can at least attempt to meet whatever criteria it is that you’re looking for?
&gt; Which you then whined about as though "...the fuck?" was a valued contribution. or... &gt; I mean when I said "this didn't contribute to the debate" your response was "I didn't want it to." Which one is it? Did I whine as though it was a valued contribution or did I say it wasn't one? At any rate, no -- that exchange did not happen as you described it. First you criticized my comment for not being a "better refutation." I said I didn't intend it to be a refutation and that it was a simple expression of dismay. Then you criticized my comment for not being "relevant to the truth of the proposition." I said I didn't intend it to be and that it was a simple expression of dismay. Then you said that the sub's purpose wasn't for me to "spout my dismay." I agreed and asked if there was a rule that every comment *must* contain either a refutation or be directly relevant to the truth of a proposition. You responded with a comment that said "It also seems like your defense is 'I never interned for my response to add meaningful content to the subreddit'" to which I responded that I wasn't aware that I needed to defend anything and said that unless there was a rule that simple expressions of dismay were not allowed in the sub, I wasn't sure what we were talking about. Then you said that my comment had been removed for not "adding to the debate." At no point did I say *anything* about whether or not "...the fuck?" was a "valued contribution" or whether it was intended to contribute to the debate. You've filled all of that detail in yourself without my involvement. All I wanted to know is what the rules were. If your definition of "contributes to the debate" is "must contain a refutation or be directly relevant to the truth of a proposition" then yes -- I said I didn't intend for my comment to be those two things. But in the continuing thread of concerns about communication, you never said that was the definition despite me asking specifically and repeatedly. Instead, you said the rules would be made more explicit in the future. You also seem to have completely misunderstood -- multiple times now -- what the entire point of that thread was from my standpoint. I don't give a single fuck about the comment "...the fuck?" It doesn't matter to me one bit. Remove it -- I don't care. How could I? *Everything* I said in that thread with you yesterday was an attempt to understand the rules that were in play -- rules that you were consistently unable to articulate despite repeated and explicit requests for clarification. But really...which was it? Did I whine as if the comment was a meaningful contribution or did I say it wasn't meant to be? &gt; I think the rest was a half-hearted defense of why you weren't the bad guy. *...bad guy?* What the fuck is going on?
Fucking hell, read the goddamn edit and stop assuming you know jack fucking shit about what I “understand” or not. For fuck’s sake, you’re like the 30th fucking person to be like “wElL aCtUaLlY” about something I never said. These fucking knee-jerk comments, I swear...
Define “abortion.” Really.
&gt; Religion should have no influence on whether abortions should be illegal or not I want to get this really clear... Should religion have no influence on this for some reason that is specific to religion? Or do you apply this ban on influence to any worldview or organized group of people? When declaring someone or something is essentially “not allowed to have a say” in something, it becomes *super* important that we establish *in very fine detail* why that is. &gt; My main point of this post though, is that almost all religions have a skewed view, and teach a harmful "pro-life" agenda on people not rooted in logic or ethics, but in threats and brainwashing as religion tends to do. Okay. How did you determine that their view on this issue is “skewed” and that it is rooted in threats and brainwashing? Simply saying it doesn’t make it so, and simply disagreeing with their conclusion doesn’t mean their conclusion is wrong. It is *incredibly easy* to step into a mindset that leads to abortion being an absolutely horrible thing — a genocide that simply must be stopped by whatever reasonable means, as many anti-abortion people might say. And the steps it takes to get to that position are not outrageous and don’t require brainwashing or threats. They just take a few simple disagreements on a few simple things. So I’d be wary of trying to hand-wave away the positions of anti-abortion people — religious or not. They’re not all entirely off the wall, and that’s probably why this debate continues. It is the best example I can think of of a genuine difference of opinion where either “side” is easily understandable with only a few tweaks to the basic premise. &gt; In books like the bible women are nothing more than cattle, to simply be used as brood mares by their husbands. That’s one role they play, yes. I wouldn’t necessarily use the words “nothing more” — sounds like hyperbole. I agree with the general point that many religious traditions do not put women on equal footing to men. &gt; I take great aversion to anyone taking teachings from a medieval time period and putting them in the 20th century where they don't belong. I’m not too familiar — do religious people who are opposed to legalized abortion use teachings from the Bible much in support of that position? I’m asking honestly. I grew up with religious parents and spent nearly two decades going to churches that participated in things like the march for life, etc. I don’t remember the Bible playing directly into it very much — they just thought babies were being killed and that seemed like an awful thing. But again...a hand-waved dismissal of “old teachings” feels like it’s not enough. What are the teachings you’re referring to, and how did you determine that they’re wrong / don’t apply to the modern world? I’m sure you’ve done that work, but you’re not expressing it here — you seem to just be taking offense at the very idea. &gt; There is no evidence there is a soul... Agree, but you’re going to have to do better than that to convince someone who can’t fathom the idea that there’s not a soul. &gt; ...there is no evidence having an abortion will send you to hell... I think a lot of anti-abortion people might say abortion is murder, which is hell-worthy in a lot of religious traditions. It might be better to be clear and say there is not evidence that there is such a thing as a hell for you to go to, even if abortion was murder. &gt; ...and there is no evidence showing how having an abortion is an evil act. This seems like a weird thing to say. Again, I think your entire post is undermined by your apparent dismissal of opposing views as not worth engaging with, and your apparent confidence that simply asserting something makes it so. A lot of people would say killing a child is an evil act. A lot of people also think abortion is killing a child. You’re going to have to meaningfully deal with that instead of simply stating that there’s “no evidence” that abortion is an “evil act.” You can’t just assert this stuff away. &gt; Abortion should be legal... Agree. &gt; ...and religion should take NO part in deciding this. We’re back to my initial questions. * Do you mean religion as in religious beliefs? If so, how would you propose that a religious person remove the influence of those beliefs when thinking about abortion? Is that possible? Is it limited to only religious beliefs or are there other beliefs that you also think should not be involved in these kinds of things? * Do you mean religion as in organized religion — a group of semi-like-minded people with similar beliefs, rituals, etc? If so, how did you specify what it is about those groups that disqualifies them from influence on this topic? What about other groups? Could a group of anti-abortion people who are not affiliated with a religion have an influence? What if they were the same group of people but not operating under the umbrella of religion? I feel like your heart’s in the right place, but there’s a whole lot more needed to flesh this position out.
Saaaame! I’m on the hunt for some really nice ones to permanently add to my collection. I figure I’ll wear them in airports / on planes / on trains for sure.
Confidence-wise, I feel about about the same traveling and at home. I’ve been lucky to have traveled enough that I don’t experience many shifts in the overall experience of life when not at home. That being said, I don’t seek out and in some cases actively avoid social interaction in both scenarios. It’s not a confidence thing — just a life preference. So no real change as far as I can tell, but also not a lot of the kinds of situations you’re describing.
“And I’d like for it to render in 30 seconds or so as well.” ;)
“I’m so glad we’ve gotten to know each other over the past while. I really enjoy spending time with you as a person and would love to give a romantic relationship a try if you’re available and interested.” Real answer: Stop it, OP.
Oh, interesting. A comment from 1995.
Maybe a dumb question... Is that bright spot in the middle of the shot an object in the Andromeda Galaxy, or is it an object in the Milky Way that just happened to be lined up with the galaxy? I'm assuming a lot of the individual points of light around the image are the latter, but that one is so well-aligned.
Yes, that’s what I said in the comment you just responded to.
Right. That’s what I essentially just said.
Thanks for clearing that up. I thought it could be the core, but it seemed so defined I thought I’d ask.
&gt; Do any of you see the benefits to a religion? Like can I think of good things that could come out of a religion or a religious life? Of course. &gt; ...I see the benefit to leading a religious lifestyle in terms of being part of a culture and having that identity, and the sense of community and togetherness fueled by the religion. Fueled by the religion in this case, but someone could get all of those things from being a kpop stan without the added baggage so often associated with religion...unless you think maybe BTS is some kind of deity cluster. &gt; While I don’t think religion is true, I do think that there is a benefit to being part of one, and that it is possible for someone who does not believe in religion to be religious. Of course. I can’t think of a reason why that wouldn’t be possible and I’m not sure I know of anyone who would disagree. &gt; I also think that being religions can help with being a moral person. I know myself that the teachings in the Torah about helping the stranger and being welcoming to guests, and acting Halachically (learning Torah every day, keeping Shabbat, fasting on the designated days (if fasting minor fasts as well, about 6 a year), etc) have made me a better person than I would be otherwise. Sure, reminders to be kind are nice. You can find them in an ancient mythology that tells you that one of the reasons to be kind is because a deity commands you to be, or you can find them on Sesame Street where a fuzzy puppet will explain basic human empathy in modern, understandable terms and won’t threaten you with eternal torture if you get it wrong, unlike some religions. Religion strikes me as just about the *worst* way to get the benefits you mention. Join a club and listen to some cute puppets.
Or you know...maybe when “trump” was already a punchline and known for being a disgusting piece of garbage human back in the 80s and 90s.
&gt; Why does it seem like the worst way? Because of the aforementioned baggage that so often comes with religion — things like pressure to believe in myths, pressure to follow ancient ethical constructs, alignment with a horrendous history, the teaching of all of this to children, etc. &gt; The science is honestly pretty clear that people are naturally heard towards religion, which means that religion has an evolutionary advantage. Is that a big factor in many of your decisions in 2020 — whether or not something has been evolutionary advantageous? I couldn’t give a single shit. People have also “naturally” hated people who are different to them. It can be fairly easy to see why that might have been an evolutionary advantage as well. So should we embrace racism and other forms of bigotry? &gt; And the thing about these is that ancient texts are so much more permanent than something like Sesame Street. Why does that matter? Sesame Street can teach you *the exact same good things* but without stories about a deity demanding that his followers commit genocide, enslave other people, kill their own children, etc. When it comes to moral teachings, Sesame Street has been a much more consistent, much more clear, and much less problematic voice in the modern age, in part because it’s *not* so permanent — because it deals with the present day and the things people are thinking about and dealing with now instead of worrying endlessly about what fabrics one might wear or how many steps they might take on which day of the week or whether or not a god needs us to kill something because we broke a rule. But really...who cares? What does permanence have to do with the actual merits of anything? I’m quite happy that a lot of old ideas have been replaced by newer, better ones and quite happy when old ideas stand the rest of time. I just don’t think many religious ideas have. &gt; You agree that there is a culture surrounding religion that is unique. Did I? When? Is misrepresenting what other people have / haven’t said one of the benefits of your religious experience? &gt; The point of that is that growing up in a religious culture seeps into your identity more than most things, so by virtue of that doesn’t it make more of a difference? The same thing can be said of racism and bigotry, and religions — as I’ve already mentioned — so often have questionable-to-downright-awful aspects to them that I wouldn’t want them “seeping” into anyone. The fact that steeping someone in a culture from childhood can be effective in forming that person is not in and of itself a good thing. What they’re being steeped in is what matters. I would much rather someone be steeped in Elmo and Oscar the Grouch and Big Bird — characters who exist in the here and now and will better equip them for the realities of the lives they’re living right now — than what some group of ancient people with problematic ethics by modern standards thought.
Sounds like a you problem. Imagine allowing something like this to affect your ability to think critically about what someone is saying.
I’m so curious why his eyebrows are so out of control. Are grown men really out here not taking care of themselves...or even having someone else do it for them? It’s insane that a person with access to the resources he does has eyebrows like that.
&gt; Imagine using emojis to express yourself because language is too hard. First off, the thing described in OP’s meme isn’t just an online / emoji thing. It’s done in real life, and the emoji version of it is an expression of that real-life action. Second, what makes you think “language is too hard” is the reason they’re used? Especially in the case of the clap-between-words thing? You’re showing your whole ass with this /r/iamverysmart language gatekeeper bullshit. You sound like someone’s bitter late-middle-aged aunt. &gt; People that try to make a point on social media using pictograms generally have nothing to say worth listening to. Again...all you do by saying this is reveal how incredibly petty and weak *you* and your methods of epistemology and reasoning are. As opposed to someone who simply used an emoji in a comment, what you've done here is demonstrate that your *actual ideas* and modes of thinking are shit.
&gt; (Christian)just want my beliefs challenged. Come at me. What are your beliefs? "Christian" tells us next to nothing.
Tell me more. How did you determine anything about my emotions from these comments? And once again...why would it matter? How would it invalidate or be relevant to anything I've said? That's twice now you seem to have thought that entirely irrelevant things that you've imagined might somehow be worth bringing up here. Why do you think that is?
&gt; Because I felt like it. Great! &gt; Am I annoying you? Not particularly.
Just want to point out how you said it would be closed very soon, they responded and indicated that that wasn't going to happen...and now here we are. Ha!
OP, this is adorable. LOOK AT HOW EXCITED YOU ARE
Fuck yes.
&gt; Nature is 'Law' In what sense? &gt; Do we believe in nature? What do you mean? &gt; Or do we know nature exists? Are you asking if we can be certain that a shared reality that exists independent of our individual subjective experiences meaningfully exists? If so, no -- we don't know for certain. That's the whole point of the problem of solipsism, which I don't believe we've yet overcome. That being said, it certainly *appears* that there are multiple conscious agents operating separately from me in a reality that is independent of our subjective experiences. That's what all of the available evidence *points* to at the moment. We just can't completely rule out that that's not the case. &gt; Natural law is how the universe is operating, in our direct experience (the root of all natural sciences). Okay. &gt; If we change the word 'lord' for 'law, and considered the 'almighty' as the natural reality we fully experience, how does that perception affect our world view? Not a single bit. Is there any reason why it should? If I called the hair on your head "banana bread," how does that perception affect your world view?
&gt; The knee jerk reaction of coming to the defense of Islam when it is criticized as being the most regressive religion and the only patriarchy that truly exists on earth. What sort of "defense" are we talking about? Because I might quibble with your use of the word "only" up there. Would that be "defending" Islam? &gt; Atheists coming to the defense of religion. Yes, it’s that backwards. Is that odd to you? Does it somehow not match up to some preconception you have about people who aren't convinced that a god exists? You've been an atheist for 20 years, but you're surprised that an atheist person could argue against certain criticisms of a religion? Atheism isn't anti-religionism. There is not requirement within atheism to attack, criticize, or even withhold defense from religion. Yet you act like we're all supposed to be shocked by how "backward" it would be. Whew... &gt; Christianity is easily criticized. No one pulls any punches there. Some people do. Some people don't. Same with Islam. &gt; I think this has much to do with cultural relativism and the wrong automatic assumption of racism that occurs when a religion commonly practiced by POC is the target. I've never actually seen whatever it is you're describing, so I can't speak to it, but I know I couldn't care less what the race of the people who practice a religion is if I'm criticizing or arguing against a criticism of that religion. It couldn't matter any less to me, *especially* since most of the major religions have such diverse followings. &gt; Even though the topic is religion, it gets wrapped up in the larger belief that all of a culture that isn’t yours is semi off limits for judgement, as “who can say one culture is better than the other”. Add in conflating racism with racism and the need to come to the defense of “victimized” brown people. Even though the criticisms have zero to do with arguments about racial qualities. You're doing a lot of thinking for other people. Have you asked these people if these are their views, or are you just guessing on their behalf? &gt; Nobody who has any conviction of belief... &gt; Anyone who is even slightly honest about it... Making some hard swings here, and they sound like assertions about what other people are capable of thinking / doing. I'm not sure what makes you think you're an authority on this -- can you explain? Are we supposed to take you at your word wrt these "nobodies" and "anybodies"? &gt; ...would have to conclude that Islam is about 1000 years behind even today’s most fundamental Christianity. I wouldn't. Know why? Because you gave a super specific number there and without understanding all the relevant information in a very detailed way, I'm not willing to sign on to that claim. Am I "defending Islam" or am I just not immediately agreeing with your claim that you think "anyone who is even slightly honest" should agree with? &gt; Women are denied basic equality and are treated like property. Religion is interwoven into law and politics. Gays are thrown off buildings. Rape victims get stoned to death for disgracing their family. Yes. That's all awful. How many of these atheists have said otherwise about those things -- be honest.
Seeing some of the coverage of this is worrying. I know companies who got PPP money — smaller companies that legitimately needed it to keep paying their staff for the past 8 weeks or so while things were more or less shut down. I have a family member who was involved in approving PPP loans for businesses and I know they worked hard to make sure that money was getting to organizations who had good cause to be seeking it and not to opportunists. My concern is that people are going to get so whipped up into a fervor over the administration’s shady af handling of this that when the information is eventually released or leaked, the less informed are going to take that frustration out on the companies that legitimately made use of the program or people like my family member who played a part in distributing the funds. Every bit of exposure that I had to the program was hard-working, stressed out, well-meaning people trying to decide how to make the best decisions they could with the information they had in a very short period of time. But it feels like a narrative of corruption is being built up around the whole thing. So fuck this administration for being so fucking shitty that they’re pulling legitimately honest and sincere people into their quagmire. They couldn’t even do a half-way decent thing right, and the wrong people are going to pay for it.
Oh, fuck. Lee Strobel is typically considered to be absolute garbage outside of the most fundamentally religious circles. Every religious person I know thinks he's a complete embarrassment. That's not to say everything he says on any topic is incorrect, but I would be very wary of taking anything he says at face value. At any rate, what you read -- if it's in fact what you read -- is wrong. To start, "species" is a human construct -- an attempt to loosely bucket organisms. It's not really a "thing." It's sometimes defined as populations of organisms that cannot successfully reproduce together, but even that gets fuzzy at times. To reiterate, every single fossil ever found could rightly be considered "transitional" -- an organism that sits somewhere between its ancestors and its progeny. If you go far enough out in either direction -- forward or back -- you'll find an organism that it could not successfully reproduce with. Another species, in other words. Whenever you read something where someone is focusing on species and "one species turning into another," you should consider whether that person has any idea what they're talking about. Evolution does not tell us that "one species turns into another." Instead, it tells us that allele frequencies in a population change over time, and that given enough time, this can result in a population that is quite different from the population we began with.
&gt; Their are to many coincidences... Are there? Tell us some.
"Wwwwhat's up, guys?"
Dop bears?
*applause*
&gt; Should we expect politicians to personally insult other people and not their policies? No, and I haven't suggested anything like that. &gt; That's what Trump does and his supporters love him for it. Yes, I'm aware. &gt; What does that make them? If you're asking me what I think about Trump supporters, I think they're fucking morons. But I feel like you missed the point of my comment.
Yes, but clearly not everyone thinks Trump is an unfit candidate. We can argue about whether or not they *should*, but that won't change the fact that they *don't*.
I don't think it has anything to do with knowing any truth for me, but here's maybe a somewhat relevant thought that I sometimes have. I'll see something about priests working in the Vatican or monks living in a temple or ascetics wandering the countryside and I'll have a flash of envy for what appears from the outside to be a singularly-focused lifestyle. I have no doubt it doesn't feel this way to the people in those situations -- they almost certainly have just an active inner life as I do -- but it seems like it would be such a calm and comfortable existence. I've heard people talk about feeling something like this after leaving the military -- a longing for waking up and knowing exactly what it is you're doing and why because there's a larger structure you're operating within that is more restricted than "all of life." Anyway, it never lasts long, and I've actually implemented some things in my own life that give me some of what I imagine that feels like. But it's perhaps somewhat related.
Yeah, I can help. You respond with... “So what?” So what if they were correct? What does that actually *mean*? A lot of things are less evolutionarily advantageous than other things. In what way does that matter outside of the academic exercise of pointing that out?
Sounds to me like someone taking the piss out of religious terminology and language in a clever way during an awkward interaction. There’s nothing about this video that indicates to me that he’s serious about any of it — seems to just be fucking around. The story that accompanied the original video was that the woman profiled him and was giving him shit for being in her neighborhood. Apparently she said something to the effect of “you can’t afford to look at me” while she was walking by, and that prompted him to turn on the camera and start responding which she took as some kind of threat. I can’t speak to this for sure, but that’s my understanding. I thought people here could appreciate it because many atheists were raised by religious parents and might be familiar with some of the phrases he uses, which at least to me makes it even funnier. If you don’t appreciate it, that’s fine.
Just throwing out a guess here, but...can your computer handle playing 4K video very well? I’ve been doing some 8k stuff and my old computer just can’t play it without glitching up — it has all kinds of problems if it tries.
Wasn’t aware of that rule. Looks like we made it after all.
&gt; How would you define "Deity" or "God"? Usually however the person claiming there is one defines it. If their definition is confusing or vague or meaningless, usually I’ll say so. &gt; Also, do you feel that you are an atheist because there is no evidence that an entity of that definition exists; or are you an atheist because you feel that an entity of that definition cannot exist? The former in the case of most gods or deities I’ve heard about so far — at least no *convincing* evidence that I’ve heard of.
Haha, the way they both clock each other immediately...
&gt; If homosexuality is a darwinian trait that would be selected against, how can you be born gay? How could someone be born susceptible to allergies? How could someone be born with a birth defect? How could someone be born with albinism? How could someone be born left-handed? How could someone be born blind? How could anyone be born in any way other than the absolute, 100% most evolutionarily advantageous configuration possible? Because evolution is both mind-numbingly simple and outrageously complicated at the same time.
&gt; If there is no God to judge us for what we have done, then why don't yall just do whatever you want ? I do. &gt; Why not be selfish? Because that’s not what I want to do. &gt; Why not manipulate others to get what you want? Because that’s not what I want to do. &gt; Why do you feel bad when you do a bad thing if there is no God in heaven to judge you? I honestly have no idea what any gods have to do with whether or not I feel guilt or remorse or regret. Are all of your emotions driven by an outside source? &gt; I'm pretty curious so I'd like to know more about this If someone requires the threat of eternal torture at the hands of a god to behave in a way that is decent, that person is *not*, in fact, decent. I’m not sure what kind of upbringing or lack of exposure or brainwashing or general deficit it takes for someone to be “curious” about this, but I hope you’re able to rise above it.
*Why?* Like, seriously...*why?* What the fuck is their problem? How could anybody be so fucking stupid? How did this become some kind of political move? Fucking hell.
The same things you avoid doing when you travel anywhere. It’s honestly no different. Don’t be an asshole. Don’t do shit you know you’re not supposed to do — and it will be very clear what those things are in most cases. It’s not complicated.
Taekwondo.
It’s both.
What does that have to do with so many people being so fucking idiotic?
&gt; If you believe you're here for only this minute section of existence, what is there to live for if not for a future? This minute section of existence Is that not enough for you? &gt; If you say "to make an impact on others" then why would it matter if you're not going to have self-awareness beyond your life anyway? I don’t understand the question. Why would the fact that I will eventually be dead have anything to do with whether or not I wanted to have an impact — preferably a positive one — on the world? &gt; How you live your life in this world would be inconsequential to you. Bullshit. That’s a nonsensical claim.
You said “since,” which means you’ve just repeated the same idea that my question was about, so I’ll ask again. Why should not being alive forever have any effect on whether or not I want to have an impact on the world? I don’t understand the connection that you seem to think is there. Explain the connection clearly, please.
Sure. I read that differently than you meant it. So what does that have to do with right now?
&gt; I'm saying after you die it won't matter to you. So what? &gt; In that case, it shouldn't matter how you live in this very tiny moment of existence. You have not explained the connection — you’ve just repeated the claim. What does the fact that I won’t be alive / conscious forever have to do with whether or not I want to have an impact on the world now? I’m going to keep repeating the question until you come up with an answer that makes more sense than making the same claim again, or until you realize why it doesn’t make sense.
I don’t agree with the premise — I think there’s a lot of variety out there in the real world, dribbble trends notwithstanding.
&gt; What is to be gained by a stern belief in the absence of any form of a spiritual higher power? I don’t know, but that does not describe me, an atheist. You wrote all of that without first understanding what a majority of modern atheists actually believe.
&gt; Where did god come from? If you mean Bubbleguts McGee the mystical hippo who floats above all of our heads, shits on us when we smile, keeps NDT’s sense of humor in her ass, and created the universe on December 22, 2019...she sprung from the side of the great nothing the Tuesday before. &gt; I cannot accept “God is eternal... He has no beginning or end” for an answer because that begs the question... I’m actually having trouble understanding what question you think that begs — the question of that god’s existence? Didn’t you grant such a thing in your question? &gt; ...did he have a choice in the matter or does he just exist because of something outside of his control. BGM *is* choice — she is the nature of choice itself, which is the nature of the great nothing. &gt; If a god exists there must be a reason he exists right? No. Bubbleguts McGee transcends our pitiful human ideas of “reason” — she requires no reason. &gt; So why does a god exist and what is the cause? Our pathetic, small attempts to ask “why” BMG exists are rejected for being the wrong question. ;)
&gt; You have to get over the fact that IF the God from the Tora/Bible/Koran does exist, we truely are not much more than simple slaves/pawns at his mercy. I’m not sure how that changes anything that I’ve said or is even relevant. In a way, that idea is essentially baked into my comment, so how do I need to “get over” it? &gt; I’m saying IF God exists man he can do what he want. So what? How is that relevant to the claims i was responding to or my responses? I *can* stomp a puppy to death. I have that power. What of it? &gt; You can reject him but he can still squash you like a little bug because you, me and everybody else mean nothing in comparison to him. Again...so what? I don’t see how that makes this story any less horrific or makes that story’s god character any less of a fucking asshole. Donald Trump has a lot of power I don’t have. He *can* do all manner of things because of that power. That doesn’t make him any less of a shitty person — it just makes him a more *dangerous* shitty person. If your argument is “the god character in this story is even worse than you imagine because not only is he an asshole, he’s an asshole that will never be held accountable for being an asshole,” that was already understood. But so what?
Fixed. *Edit for clarity: I changed the word “your” to “our” two times.*
Who is it deliberately antagonizing towards?
Yeah, there's something about the specificity of it combined with years worth of experience with cars doing weird af shit with my phone when they're synced that has my skepticism low on this one.
&gt; Where did I say he wasn’t an asshole? Or that he was good? Nowhere, as far as I know. Why? &gt; All I said is that it doesn’t matter. He ik theorie is so much more powerfull than us that it matters exactly nothing if you disagree with his actions. Matters to *who*? To this theoretical god? Who cares? How is what he thinks relevant to anything I am saying? &gt; analagy with the puppy is not the same. Right, that's why it's an analogy. Where it is similar is that it demonstrates that simply having the ability -- the "can" -- to do something is entirely irrelevant wrt whether or not that act can be meaningfully assessed and judged by others. &gt; God ( again IF you are religious ) created everything and has power that goes beyond any imagination. According to the books He also owns litteraly everything, all that is life and not life. Also sounds irrelevant to any meaningful conversation we might have as human beings living on this planet in this moment, so I'm still asking "so what?" &gt; Please do not attack me personally... I haven't. Seriously, what part of my comment did you think was a personal attack? The *fuck*? &gt; I don’t believe in an all powerfull all knowing and blabla God. I’m just saying that this is imo the pov of a religious person. Our opinions or our morals mean nothing in comparison to The Creator And I'm saying I don't understand why the comparison matters in any meaningful way. Who cares if our opinions mean nothing to some imagined creator? They're still our opinions, and they can still be discussed, considered, and relevant to how we view that imagined creator and the stories it appears in.
Neat.
You haven't explained the connection or the contradiction. &gt; debating morality is then as relevant as debating taste I don't agree, but what does that have to do with whether or not someone is convinced that a god exists?
Often an excuse.
I really love this comment.
People are posting pictures of dusty patios with plastic chairs on them. You're fine.
So in order to know that it's the true word of god, you have to...believe that it is the true word of god and abide by it as such? Is that what I'm hearing?
&gt; assuming that God knows what he does, and he states he created things "good". We can assume he didnt design things with grave error or fault? No, not really. I could intentionally create something with grave error or fault, and that thing could be a "good" or even "necessary" part of a larger plan. Again, the claims made by creationists are not falsifiable. You will not be able to prove them wrong by pointing to any specific pieces of evidence, because the epistemology they're using can easily accommodate any of that evidence and turn it into "part of the design." The burden is on them to prove their claims. &gt; Especially leftovers in species that are not needed or hindering? I can design something right now that has pieces that are not needed or that hinder it. Easily. So those things existing are not "proof" of no design in any meaningful way.
&gt; yeah you can design that, but god would not. How do you know? What makes you an authority on what a god would or wouldn't do, and what makes you think your opinion on that matter is a *necessary* constraint? I feel like you're just missing the entire point of unfalsifiable claims. Something isn't connecting for you and I'm not sure why or how to make it any more clear. &gt; I think some examples given here are quite clear and show bodies are not perfectly designed Again...so what? What makes you think god *must* design only what we'd view as "perfect" bodies? The example of me creating something that had flaws was not to illustrate that I am a flawed designer, but instead to show that a designer can *intentionally* design flaws into a system for one reason or another -- the flaws would be part of the design. You *cannot* falsify that. You can try, but it's a waste of time. What isn't a waste of time is asking people to support their own claims.
&gt; Why are people right now so obsessed with Jesus skin color? Are they? This seems like a 20-years-ago thing, not a “right now” thing. Very few religious people that I know (not a lot to be clear) give a shit. &gt; The bible purposely shows how much Jesus cared for other races... What does that have to do with discussions about his skin color? &gt; ( as he was Jewish and most likely tanish) Why do you care so much about his skin color? ;) Does you saying this mean you “care so much” about it? Of not, why would you assume that about anyone else? &gt; But why do people care so much if he himself broke down the barriers of race. You’ll have to explain the connection. Is discussing what race someone may have historically been akin to a “barrier of race” to you? To me it’s just a topic. &gt; My thesis is that God loves us all unconditionaly Jew or Gentile. Great. What does that have to do with people discussing what skin color a historical Jesus was likely to have? Have you heard anyone say anything like, “and since Jesus likely had X color skin, god doesn’t love everyone?” This feels a bit like someone saying “what color car did you get” and you responding with “THE CAR MANUFACTURER THINKS ALL THE COLORS THEY USE ARE GOOD!” I don’t understand how your objection connects to your initial question. &gt; And jesus is middle Eastern. So what?
I have just enough drone-flying experience to be scared shitless by this video.
I'm trying to understand. You said... &gt; Why are people right now so obsessed with Jesus skin color? I responded and said (in part)... &gt; Are they? This seems like a 20-years-ago thing, not a “right now” thing. You responded with... &gt; The reason I posted this was in response to racism from many sides due to BLM and America's current situation. Which *seems* to indicate that there aren't actually a lot of people who are obsessed with Jesus's skin color right now that prompted you to post -- which is confusing since that was the premise you provided -- but that instead you're just responding to what's happening in the news. At any rate, I thought I'd give you the chance to clarify, so I said... &gt; So...not in response to people being "obsessed with Jesus's skin color right now?" And you said... &gt; I posted this to try and tie us together with the love of Jesus. Which...again makes it seem like you made up the premise in your title, which is a weird thing to do. If I'm wrong about that, please clarify, but everything you've said so far in response to me asking for clarification indicates that you did. Are you under the impression that the conversations happening about race right now in the US and beyond have anything to do with Jesus? I haven't seen that. So why are you trying to insert Jesus and his race into it? And why are you (apparently) inventing reasons to do so? If you just want to preach about loving people using bible stories, fine. That's not a debate topic, though.
I stopped the video before what I assume was the actual cringe. There were enough context clues in the first few words of that sentence -- "And if you kick every Latino out of this country..." -- that I had already cringed my entire face off. Nope.
&gt; Some denominations of Christianity vary on their views, but for the purpose of the argument, let's go with Paul's "all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God." A will not be arguing for the total depravity of man, because that belief does not line up with the idea of free will. Sure, okay. Who is god, and what is its "glory" all about? How does one "fall short" of this god's "glory?" &gt; The idea of original sin is that human beings, left to their own devices, will tend to act selfishly and deny God. That’s not what I get from the Paul line you quoted, but okay. But I’m going to object to the “deny God” part — which god? What do you mean by “deny” that god? Can someone meaningfully “deny” an entity that no one has managed to convincingly demonstrate actually exists? If you wanted to say “most people have selfish moments in their life,” this conversation would be over immediately, but you’ve chosen to introduce this idea of a “god” somehow being “denied” by everyone. I don’t know what it means. &gt; This idea is backed up by the pattern of human behavior throughout all of human history. The majority of the time, humans have gone against the two basic principles of God's law: Love God, Love your neighbor. Again...what god? I would say that for the past few thousand years — and even today — a majority of people are religious. If we loosely translate that as “loving god,” then how are we supposed to take your assertion seriously? How did you determine that “a majority of the time,” humans have not loved some god? How did you access whether or not they loved anything -- neighbors, gods, ice cream, etc? By what means did you figure out how to read people's emotions "a majority of the time?" This sounds to me like hyperbolic, sloppy language. It doesn't bode well. &gt; Not believing that all humans are flawed is illogical... Depends on the standard. “Flawed” means nothing without a standard we’re measuring against. But again — I can agree all day every day that most people act selfishly or cruel at *some* point in their lives. I don’t see what that has to do with any gods or “sin.” &gt; ...because in doing so you are denying the statistical fact that given the opportunity more people will choose themselves over others. In what situation? What “statistic” are you referring to here? Because it *sounds* like you just used the word without having anything to back it up. If you’re going to claim a statistical significant finding, hopefully you can produce the actual statistics. And when you do, you’ll *still* have to find some way to connect that statistic to the existence of a god, a meaningful concept of sin, etc. Can you do that, or will you have simply produced a statistic that says "sometimes folks is assholes?" Again, all you’ve got so far is “most people are jerks at some point.” Agreed. Now what? How do we get from there to "there's a god, you've fallen short of its glory by doing something called sinning, and that's somehow meaningfully inherent in the nature of every human being?" &gt; Over the course of history, and of our own lifetimes, the majority of people we interact with are acting in their own self-interest. I don’t actually know that, and I prefer not to guess. &gt; Science has shown us that humans are biased towards their own interests. Great. What does that have to do with any gods or the concept of “sin” as referenced in the Bible or any other religious book? You haven’t made a case here — not for anything meaningful. You’ve just pointing out that most people have moments where they fall short of some standard, and then you’ve tried to hand-wave that into some kind of acknowledgement of gods or sin. It doesn’t work that way.
&gt; What Would Humans Look Like If They Started Looking Like Their Primate Cousins? ...like their primate cousins. The answer is in the question, no?
&gt; Is mathematics the language of “God”? I don’t know, but I see no reason to think it is — especially since you’ve put “god” in quotes so I can’t even make a guess at what you might mean. &gt; Is mathematics discovered or is it invented by man? The universe seems to work in certain ways. We learned to describe some of those ways using numbers and equations. Some of us went even farther with it and learned to describe other things with numbers. Mathematics seems to me to be a framework more than anything. &gt; Mathematics in my opinion, is the absolute truth in this universe. I don’t know what that means. &gt; It’s a language that describes the world we live in, in the most basic truths. Again...”in the most basic truths” feels like hand-waving. What does that actually mean, and how did you come to the conclusion that’s how maths describes the world? &gt; So if mathematicians discovered these ideas, then does that mean Math was created by god? Why would it? I don’t understand the connection. We also discovered Antarctica. And challenger deep. And the Higgs boson. Does discovering something mean it was created by a god? If not, how is your question meaningful? &gt; Or, Is it just the logical method the universe operates in that we happen to apply shapes and meanings to understand the way things work? That seems like a winner so far, although AFAIK some maths go beyond that and have taken on their own set of theoretical boundaries. I’m not so sure maths as a whole is limited to how the universe operates anymore. &gt; It’s the only question that makes me question my atheism. I’d like to see some opinions on this matter. I guess I don’t understand why one would make the leap from maths to any sort of god in the first place. You seem to be capable of making it...but I don’t know why. It seems entirely unsupported. What’s the connection again?
&gt; Anyone out there a good-ol' Atheist that questions whether Dawkins is hurting the teaching-evolution-in school-cause? ...Dawkins? I wasn't aware Dawkins was making considerable waves these days. He's still writing and doing the occasional speaking engagement, of course -- and he seems to get a kick out of sharing his views about various things on Twitter -- but especially since the stroke, I haven't heard of him making a whole lot of big moves. Either way, no. I don't think he's hurting the cause of teaching evolution in schools. I think if anything, he has helped it immensely by being a vocal proponent of it, and by working to start that education outside of the schools in various ways. Also, there's no need to capitalize atheist -- it's not a proper noun. &gt; However, when he does these crazy interviews with these idiotic bigots, I truly feel that he probably just shunned a few people away from attempting to understand evolutionary theory and Atheism by coming off as a pedantic asshole. And maybe he influenced a few other people in different ways. Which interviews are you talking about, though, and were they part of his efforts to teach evolutionary biology or his efforts to promote secularism? He seems to care about both -- as his career would suggest -- and not all of his activities necessarily touch on one or the other. &gt; I agree with his cause, I disagree with his methods. Great. I tend to think griping about other people's methods on these topics is usually a waste of time -- especially when it comes to someone who has undoubtedly reached, educated, and influenced a far greater number of people than I could ever hope to. I didn't always personally like certain things about Hitchens' approach, but I'm not Hitchens. Meanwhile, he had a huge influence on countless people and likely changed more minds with the things I didn't like about his approach than I have ever even spoken to. But back to Dawkins, it would seem that his "methods" in large part have been writing beautiful, eloquent books that aim to educate people -- regardless of their prior experience or familiarity -- on a variety of topics within the realm of biology, raising money and awareness with which to advocate for better education all around the world, and producing and promoting programs that bring the latest and best science to the masses. So you must have something very specific in mind when you say you disagree with his methods. &gt; It's like this: How about we start by explaining to believers that faith and science are different things? Go ahead. Do that. No one is stopping you. I'm not sure why anyone else needs to or should sign on to your approach. &gt; We do not go to the Bible to learn how to find the mass of an object or the equation for a hypotenuse. Right, but many religious people *do* believe that the Bible contains cold, hard facts about history, geology, cosmology, and reality itself in it. Many Muslims believe the same about the Quran. Saying "we" might not look to the Bible for certain specific things does not mean that others don't. &gt; We go to the Bible to seek inspiration for self-reflection and that has value. Or...we don't. I'm not particularly inspired by ancient ideas of what a deity ruling over a wandering desert tribe would act like. Nor am I very inspired by genealogies, the writings of a nascent cult, fever dreams, etc. The Bible would be a fascinating book if I was into old mythological literature or religious history. I'm not, so I don't "go to" it for much of anything. &gt; Basically, try to explain that Science is not the opposite of faith, they're just different frameworks, and you can believe God made the universe, while also understanding natural selection. Interesting. If you had read / listened to much Dawkins, you'd probably understand how the whole "non-overlapping magisteria" thing falls apart fairly quickly when considering what most religions actually claim about their gods and the world. He's been a vocal critic of this idea for a long time, and it's difficult to disagree with his arguments about it. &gt; I think that's where we should start. You're free to start wherever you like. Meanwhile, other people -- Dawkins included -- will start wherever they like. And some of them could probably tell you quite clearly and convincingly why starting where you're starting is a waste of time.
&gt; The best argument against Christianity: the overwhelming size of the universe I disagree. I don't think the size of the universe is an argument "against Christianity" at all -- not unless you smuggle in some other assumptions that aren't actually about the size of the universe, and even then it's only tangentially related. &gt; According to the best science, there are 100 billion galaxies in the universe. Also, the Milky Way galaxy contains approximately 100 billion planets. So, there are more than 10^18 planets in the universe. The number of planets in the universe is simply overwhelming. Great. What does that have to do with any claims made by Christianity? &gt; The sheer size of the universe is also a serious problem for Christianity. I don't see how. You haven't made a connection yet -- you just keep asserting this. What does the universe being big have to do with any of the claims of Christianity? &gt; The universe is so big that vast parts of the universe can only be seen using powerful telescopes in space. For example, the Hubble Ultra Deep Field captures images of galaxies which are billions of light years from Earth. Great. So what? &gt; The problem for Christianity is that the Bible claims that Earth has a special place. The Bible claims that the Jews are God's chosen people (Deuteronomy 14:2). The Bible also claims that Christians are God's elect (1 Thessalonians 1:4–5). How are any of those claims in conflict with the universe being large or with there being lots of planets? If the earth is the only planet with intelligent life on it -- as just one example -- then it *is* quite special. If it's the only planet where a universe-creating deity formed people and involved itself in their lives -- as another example -- then it is again *very* special. And what do the preferences of a deity wrt the Jews or Christians have to do with the size of the universe? If I built a giant house and then said my best friend was someone standing in the living room...is that anything? Is there a conflict? You haven't uncovered a contradiction. You've just pointed out a handful of separate facts. How are they meaningfully related? Can you answer that without bringing in assumptions / hypotheticals / guesses about the rest of the universe -- things you don't actually know? &gt; If Christianity were true, then why would God create the extra 10^18 planets which occupy the universe? If Christianity were true, why didn't God simply create the Earth and the sun, and no other planets? This isn't an argument. This is just you asking a question about the intent and motivations of a supposed deity -- a question that has no meaningful answer and doesn't prove anything. The fact that you don't know or understand why a deity would do those things doesn't mean the deity necessarily didn't or *couldn't* do them -- especially not the deity imagined by the Christian religion -- it just means you don't know. My mother went out and got a low-paying job in the middle of a pandemic that exposes her to the public every day. She's retired and doesn't need to work. You might ask "why would she do that?" but that doesn't mean she *didn't*. It just means you don't know why she did. &gt; Within the context of Christianity, the sheer size of the universe is a paradox which cannot be explained. No, it is not. It's not even close. As far as I can tell, you never connected the size of the universe to any claims made by Christianity. You've either got some connective tissue between the two that you forgot to share, or you're just way off base. *Edit: Great "debate" style, OP.*
Take a lot of drugs. Otherwise, nothing very different from what I already do.
You won!
No one has said you were rude. No one has said they were offended. You don't have to incessantly point out that you don't mean to be rude or don't want to offend. It makes it seem like *you* think something you're saying is offensive or rude. In this case, what people are telling you is that you've presented and tried to counter a bunch of arguments that they don't identify with. Instead of apologizing and making proclamations about intent, why don't you actually respond to what they're telling you?
&gt; I wanna make a new religion Okay. &gt; First of all, I don't wanna offend anyone :) Then don’t. You don’t need to announce this before making your post — your intent matters very little. &gt; I think God is not real, because when I thought he was, was easier thinking that a god was helping you and I concluded that in the past they created him because the idea of ​​a god is comforting. Is this missing some words? Who is “they” and what gave you confidence that what you concluded about “their” motivations is correct? You mention that you once thought a god existed, and that was comforting for you. Would you have been comforted if you *knew* that you had invented that god idea? If not, why do you seem to think that would have worked for “them?” &gt; I still think that God is not real, but sometimes I pray to "a god", a god that I created to help me. For me, religions are a way to make life easier, so I thought why can't I do my own religion? I guess that answers my question. In what way does your religion make your life easier, and by what standard / definition is it a religion? &gt; Religion consists of your god, you create a god to help you, but that must not bother anyone. What gives you the authority to tell people what their religions are, consist of, or must do? If this post is just you saying “I play pretend sometimes,” fine — but that doesn’t seem like much of a debate topic. I don’t care if you have bouts of make-believe occasionally, and I’m not sure why anyone else should or would. &gt; I have no proofs that my god is real (and I think he is not), but come on, is there any religion with proof? No, everything is in faith. Depends on who you ask, and the religion. Some people might answer your question with a resounding “yes.” That’s one of the reasons why this sub exists — to actually discuss these things.
I responded to your post — which you created in a *debate* subreddit — and asked some follow up questions. In what way does that equate to being “defensive” (what am I meant to be defending?) or looking for a “fight?” Will you respond to what I wrote, or are you just going to make irrelevant guesses about whether or not I’m offended / defensive / relaxed / whatever else you come up with?
Replace “the real problem” with “why people are pissed off at church” in my previous comment.
&gt; Do you oppose the idea of "creator" or just doesn't like religion? Atheism is not being convinced that a god exists. That’s it. It has nothing to do with religion except where religions deal with the existence of gods. An atheist could be “religious” in nearly every sense of the word, so long as they’re not convinced that a god exists. &gt; The definition of atheism you found anywhere is that "the believe that god doesn't exist" That is not the most commonly used definition in modern usage. There’s a big difference between “I believe that god doesn’t exist” and “I’m not convinced that a god exists” — the latter is the broader, more common usage of the word “atheist” today. &gt; But the thing is i think it's not true, the definition of atheism is pretty narrow. What is it that you think is not true? &gt; Just because we oppose religion, don't make us believe that "there is no god". Right...but...what? You seem to have gotten twisted up. Atheism deals with the belief in a god. Again, religion can be totally separate from that — there are religions that are (or have sects which are) godless. &gt; It could be that we oppose religion and their potrayal of god and believe that they are not true, but doesn't oppose the idea of creator and open to possibility that it might does or doesn't exist, after all we still can't prove scientifically. Nothing about atheism requires anyone to be closed to any possibilities. If you’re not convinced that a god exists, you’re an atheist. &gt; So, what is it? Do you oppose the idea of creator or just oppose religion and their potrayal of god? You’ve presented a false dichotomy.
I think trying to reduce the perspective of an entire country into a single sentence is problematic. What I can say is that the few Koreans in the DPRK that I’ve heard talk about this topic have shared the view you’ve labeled as “Seoul” — a “unified” country with separate regional governments, at least for the immediate future.
&gt; Is there a big difference? I would argue religion has a part in culture. A big part. I feel like you completely missed what I was saying the difference was. It wasn’t whether or not those things are a part of many cultures. &gt; I am not arguing that is not better. I understand that, but you seem to be making excuses for something that we should be advocating against. What most people care about when this topic comes up is not whether raising children to be indoctrinated into the religion of their parents is *understandable*, but rather whether it is a good thing. &gt; I am just saying it is ok to use religion as a base if that is all you know. I disagree. I think there is a better way, and ignorance is a shitty excuse. &gt; If your personal morals and ideas come from a religious base then that is what you will use as a parent to teach. Not necessarily. There are better ways, and you are selling people — including your mother — *incredibly* short and removing all agency and capability for improvement from them.
I’m curious how you expect me to know what parts of my comment you’re responding to if you don’t quote them. &gt; Then what were you saying? Depends. What are you asking about? &gt; That is a matter of opinion. What is? &gt; There are many different ways to raise children. Right. &gt; You can say do it without religion but that is just your opinion. Yes...and? What did you think I was sharing here? I can go into why I hold those opinions if you wanted, but saying “that is your opinion” is completely meaningless. *Of course* it is. &gt; I'm just saying it's ok for a set of parents to use religion. And I disagree. As I’ve already mentioned, the thresholds of what is “okay” and what isn’t will come into play here, but you didn’t respond to that when I said it before so I assume you don’t care. &gt; Well then you don't understand how people work. I don’t know what this is in response to. &gt; Not everyone would agree with you. Especially when it comes to raising children. About what? And of course not everyone would agree with me. That can be said about nearly every topic imaginable. Is that supposed to be a meaningful argument? &gt; People can only do what they know. Yes, I’m aware. People can also increase what they know about. I’m curious why you keep saying this as if it’s a response to anything I’ve said. &gt; Parents raise their children to the nest way they know how. Like you would. Right. And? Please tell me how repeating this is a response to my comment. &gt; To some they use religion. Yes, I know.
&gt; Idk how to do thar side blue quote thing. I wont even lie to you. Interesting. And would you say you’re “hardwired” to not know that? That it’s *impossible* for you to know it? That you couldn’t be any other way? Or could you do a 5-second google to learn the thing you don’t know, because it would make your contributions *better*?
&gt; Do we have a soul? First off, what is a soul? I don’t know, you’re the one asking the question. Why don’t you define it, then we can answer whether or not we think we have one. &gt; What would be it's implications? And do you believe in such a thing? You’ll need to clarify. &gt; Personally I see the soul as being our psyche. The root word of psyche is the Greek word Psykhe which means "the soul, mind, spirit, or invisible animating entity which occupies the physical body." So you think the soul is...the soul. Right. And do you think people have an “invisible animating entity which occupies the physical body?” Do you think it exists independently of the physical body? I’m not convinced of such a thing.
&gt; I’m not convinced of such a thing.
&gt; What comes to mind when you think of psyche? Whatever the dictionary says — I have no personal opinion on the word.
&gt; I've never traveled by plane before and I'm 24 years old. My main problem is that my family will convince me not to do so. Will they? Seems to me they may *try*, but whether or not they succeed is up to you. &gt; Some other things to know about me: I have bad social anxiety(if I'm consistently around friendly, helpful people, the anxiety will ease), I've been a recluse/hermit for around 8 years now and I don't go outside. That does pose a bit of a problem for travel, especially solo travel. There is no guarantee of consistent access to friendly people — especially not people who have the time or interest to help a stranger. But in good news, not everyone is a social traveler. I hardly ever interact with people when I travel and that suits me just fine. &gt; More about the problem: I want to visit (and perhaps live) with my best friend in the UK. Ah, then you already know someone where you want to go. Good. &gt; Since I never go anywhere, suddenly making the jump to another country will seem odd/suspicious to my family. Yes, I’d say that’s a big jump, and to be honest if you’re as closed in as you say, I would also have some concern about how you’ll handle the transition. &gt; They'll bring up how dangerous airplanes can be, how dangerous being alone will be. That’s just stupid for the most part. This can easily be countered with facts. &gt; I understand that they are genuinely concerned about my safety, but I still want to go. Just the mental barrier of them disagreeing is hard to break through for me. I’ll be honest — this seems like a problem. I don’t know you, so take anything I say with a grain of salt, but it seems to me like you need to work your way up to this travel idea, and maybe you need to make more of a separation from your family. The fact that your family having weird paranoia about travel seems like a real barrier to you is a bit of a red flag. I’m not saying I agree with them — I’m saying I have my own concerns about your ability to make the kind of self-motivated decisions involved in solo travel and in relocation. So again, I would suggest you start very small. Go outside. Take a walk. Go into town. Buy something at a shop. Say hello to a stranger. Get directions to a landmark and follow them. Take a taxi. Take a bus. Buy a ticket to something. Eat dinner alone. It won’t take much for you to get a little experience under your belt so that you feel much more confident in your own abilities. And leave your family out of it. &gt; How should I handle this? Any tips about the family situation and tips on traveling? Your family are holding you back. Your inexperience is also holding you back. Get some experience. Ignore your family.
*It is possible for people who don’t know something to learn about it, and in cases where doing so would improve their actions or contributions, we should advocate for that and not make excuses for them remaining ignorant.* You *could have* learned how to format quotes in order to make your comments more understandable so that you could communicate with people more effectively. Instead of simply declaring your ignorance as if it’s an insurmountable obstacle, you *could have* taken action to rectify it, and everyone in this thread would likely have been better off for it. Your mom *could have* learned about other religions (or the lack thereof) in order to raise her children with a broader view of the world and the various ways that people approach it. Instead of simply declaring her ignorance as if it was an insurmountable obstacle, we should recognize that she *could have* taken action to rectify it, and her children would likely have been better off for it. Neither of you did. You could have. It would have been better. Seriously done with this boring af thread.
You found it interesting...but then when you’re asked what you found interesting about it, you said “nothing really?” This is shitposting, OP.
AFAIK, link-dropping is frowned upon here — especially link-dropping to an entire book.
Sorry to hear about your friend, OP. We know we'll all die eventually, but it can still be such a difficult thing to come to grips with when it happens. Take care of yourself. In the meantime, I wonder why you feel the need to say *anything* in response to Facebook updates about this person's health. I would encourage you -- if you don't feel like anything comes to mind -- to simply...not respond. It sounds like you're close with this person, so I don't think they'll take your lack of online comments as any kind of slight. Death is hard. We seem to have an instinct to look for comfort when dealing with hard things. Maybe instead we should just sit with it -- it sucks. You and the other people who are still alive will be missing someone special from your lives. I don't think we necessarily need to gloss over that with encouragement or comfort. But maybe instead -- if you feel compelled to share something -- you can share some of the things you might say at this person's funeral, but say them now. Say what their friendship has meant to you. Share funny or impactful memories. You mentioned some of their hobbies or interests -- I doubt they've lost those interests, and maybe they would appreciate still talking about them. Of course you know the situation better than us, but I guess my suggestion here is that you not feel like you need to say anything, and if you do say something, it can be something about the person you care about -- the person you should all be focused on -- and your time with them.
I also apologize for not reporting. For some reason it can feel a bit "petty" but I'll try to be better about reporting instead of commenting.
...the fuck? They didn't say anything insulting.
Is she really bad at her job, or is it just me? \*urinates on my computer\*
...what? &gt; Do you think Evil people who commit Sins like China-flu... What does this mean? How does someone "commit" this? What are you talking about? Maybe you're saying people who call COVID-19 "China flu" are evil? In that case, I agree. People who use the phrase "China flu" to refer to COVID-19 are evil. &gt; ...Viruses... Again, how does someone "commit" a virus? &gt; ...and Famine... How does someone "commit" famine? You're not making any sense. &gt; ...can be saved? Saved from *what*? What is it that they need saving from? &gt; Are there any equivalent concept of salvation in Atheism? I'm guessing you're referring to the concept of salvation that occurs in some religions? Where some deity sets up the world in such a way that there are "sins" that people might commit that the deity will then torture them in some awful way for, but then promises to "save" them from its own wrath if they would only do whatever the deity wants? That concept? No, that doesn't exist in atheism, which isn't a proper noun so you don't need to capitalize it. &gt; Or is there no salvation for Evil people? What the fuck are you talking about?
&gt; P1: If the evidence for the resurrection is weak, Christianity is false Not a Christian, but...what? This seems like a completely unsupported premise. Weak evidence for something does not *necessarily* mean that the thing is untrue.
Fuuuuuuuuck. Bad filing, OP.
I said there's no indication that it didn't evolve like any other trait. It's in the text you quoted. I don't know what "how does evolution address it" means. Evolution doesn't "address" anything. OP's post was gibberish.
&gt; What would the purpose of doing it be, though? To demonstrate that there are no contradictions in the Bible. &gt; Am I supposed to believe that you're going to surrender to Jesus as Lord and Savior if I construct a detailed walkthrough of the Passion week? Not the person you were talking to, but no -- you're not supposed to believe that. What you could believe, however, is that the Easter timeline would no longer be one of the obstacles in the way of people taking the Bible seriously. Then you'd have to move on to the hundreds of other obstacles, but hey -- that's not really *our* fault, is it? &gt; If you have an interest in learning, do it yourself and read the 4 gospels. You don't, though I've read them. Multiple times. &gt; You're simply on here, like all other nonbelievers, to stir the pot and show your ignorance and foolishness Not really. I'm here to debate a Christian. It's kinda what the sub was made for. But this sounds like a lot of excuse-making and blame-gaming from you. &gt; In over a year of posting on this forum, I've yet to find a genuine seeker or somebody who actually is considering Christianity Fancy that.
&gt; Right, so now this has conveniently become a nonsensical question after you initially said "If you meant to ask "how does evolution address consciousness," that's closer to a sensible question..." I was referring to OP's question that you had quoted -- the one about how evolution addresses something unclear, which is what I assumed you were up in arms about, since that's what you started this thread with. The question you've quoted here is one -- as you properly recognized -- I asked myself and said would be *closer* to a sensible question. But you're right. I was sloppy there. I should have gone *all the way* sensible and said "how did consciousness evolve." (Edit: fixed) &gt; Even the way you initially worded it is hilarious. I'm glad you found it funny, whatever "it" is. &gt; As if you're the arbiter of what constitutes a valid question. I'm not. I can recognize when a question doesn't make sense, though. &gt; Either way, you're clearly useless on this topic. Cheers.
&gt; Evil people who commit sins such as China-flu, Viruses, and Famine cannot be saved post-life, and thus are doomed for eternity forever How does one “commit” those things? How would I “commit” a virus? Or a famine? In what way are those things “sins?”
&gt; My grandmother makes me go to church and my pastor thinks that I have an "evil spirit" in me because don't believe in God. Haha! &gt; I told him I have a choice whether or not I do. That’s debatable, depending on who you ask. Here’s a thought experiment for you. If someone was able to somehow present undeniable proof to you that they owned a dog, would you “have a choice” to meaningfully believe otherwise? You could *pretend* that you didn’t believe they had a dog, but would that really be a belief? Something to think about. You may have much less choice than you think...but that goes for all of us, and it’s very unlikely to be the result of a demon. &gt; He then said people who do bad things(including not believing in God) have evil spirits tempting them. All of them? &gt; How do I tell him he's ~~full of shit~~ wrong You could try “you’re full of shit” if *telling* him is really what you’re after. I’m not sure what that would accomplish, but no one’s stopping you from telling someone something. If you’d like to somehow demonstrate that he’s wrong, that’s a taller order, depending on his beliefs. This “all bad things are caused by an evil spirit” idea could be fairly unfalsifiable, in which case you’re SOL — nothing you say will be capable of disproving such a thing. What might be a better approach is to continually ask him to support his claims instead of you trying to refute them. If he says you have an evil spirit inside of you, ask him do provide evidence. If he says it’s because you’ve done a bad thing, ask him how he knows that’s the result of an evil spirit. If he says all bad things are caused by an evil spirit, as him how he knows that. Keep making him support his own claims, and if he doesn’t come up with convincing support for them, say so. “I’m sorry, that was not a very convincing argument.” You don’t need to prove anything. He does. But the reality is it’s probably not worth your time. My opinion is that your goal should not be to tell this person that they’re full of shit, but instead to remove yourself from that situation as quickly as possible. If that means letting them say their piece, then going about your business, so be it. Edit: As a heads up, this is likely to get removed. It’s not a debate topic, and you didn’t really offer up much of anything by way of a position.
OP is shit-posting this nonsense all over the place. It’s been removed in two subs I frequent already. Fuck off, OP.
Yeah, I’m pretty damn lost.
&gt; Could that be considered “charity” work by some standards? Yes.
You’re painting with a really broad brush, aren’t you? We don’t appear to be talking about any specific charity or people here, since all I’ve said is that conversion could be viewed as charity work by some standards, so I’d love to know how it is that you seem to be making specific statements about the motivations and tactics of...*someone*. How did you determine that a Christian charity that focused on conversions as part of their work is doing it for the “promotion of their religion” and not out of genuine concern for people? How did you determine that their work is at the expense of others? Who, exactly? And what was the expense? I’m in no way claiming these things have never happened. But I’m just questioning why you seem to think you can speak to the motivations and intent of people, especially when those people are amorphous and imaginary in the context of this thread. Feels really dishonest.
Ah, yes — self-motivated *twitter accounts*. Pesky little things, always trying to start race wars. Couldn’t be *the fucking adult man* who owns the account, could it be?
How do you define charity work? How are you limiting the word "any" in "any standard?"
Many Buddhists *are* atheists. Atheism is not a lack of religion or religious tradition — it’s not being convinced that a god exists. Are you convinced that a god exists? Edit: What the heck happened in here?
Sure it is.
&gt; The bible was written over 2000 years ago. I think we can all agree on that. We cannot. The OT may meet that criteria, but parts of the NT are likely not over 2000 years old. You need to wait a few decades. The book of Revelation was likely written near the end of the first century, so it is probably not over 2000 years old. &gt; In the book of revelation, chapter 13, the author talks about a 'mark' that will go into someone's right hand or forehead and without this mark you cannot buy or sell. Yes, I’m aware. And that verse has been interpreted in various ways over the centuries, partly because it’s not very specific and lends itself to whatever scare-mongering theory someone wants to apply it to. I remember when it had something to do with a physical mark. Then I remember when it was social security numbers. Then I remember when it was phone numbers. Then barcodes. At one point it was money itself. Then credit cards. Then it was microchips. Then it was vaccines. On and on and on... &gt; The author does not describe exactly what it will be or the specific details of what the mark will look. The author does say the mark will be “the name of the beast or the number of its name.” It also says there are two beasts — one a seven-headed leopard-bear-lion that comes out of the sea and has a head wound that it recovers from. The author says all inhabitants of the earth will worship this beast. Then a second beast will appear out of the ground who will bring fire down from heaven in full view of people and will force everyone to worship the first beast by breathing life into images of the first beast so that it can speak. This is the beast that will force everyone to get the mark. Has any of that happened? If you say, “yes, it’s all metaphor for blah blah blah” when why do you seem to be taking this mark thing so literally? And isn’t Revelation 13 pretty specific that this number is 666? How do you plan on integrating that into your theory? &gt; The main point he makes is it has to do with buying and selling. And now, we are seeing this exact mark in the form of an RFID microchip implant. It is not a full implementation of the mark quite yet like the bible describes, but we are seeing more and more advancements and pushes for this mark. Or...you’re seeing advancements in technology. Again, you seem to be ignoring the whole-ass backstory of the mark in Revelation 13. Where is the first beast with the sword wound on one of its seven heads — the one everyone on earth will worship *before* the mark? Where is the second beast with its two horns? Where is the fire from heaven? Why hasn’t it forced us all to worship the first beast yet? Where are the living images of the first beast? Where is the number 666? You appear to have skipped the entire context of the mark for your theory. And you’re acting like this is a winning prophecy? &gt; Currently, there are a lot of stores, businesses, corporations, governments, and countries that are going cashless. Yeah, it seems like a great idea. &gt; China has created their own digital currency. This is a rough figure but something like 95% of all cash is digital. All are steps closer to the mark. Or all are steps closer to a cashless society. I don’t think you get to just co-opt shit that’s happening in the real world for your prophecy — not without providing something more convincing than “if I ignore all the other parts of the prophecy, this can be tangentially connected because numbers and buying!” &gt; So, how can someone still reject the possibility that a God/creator exists? Easy, although I don’t do that. Possibilities are possibilities — I don’t know what it would mean to reject one, but AFAIK, that has nothing to do with me. I’m simply not convinced that any gods exist. You certainly haven’t made any kind of case for it, much less for this prophecy you seem to think is coming true. And no one else has either. No one that I am aware of has ever managed to provide any convincing evidence that any gods exist, and so...I’m not convinced. Got anything better? &gt; There is no way the author of the Book of Revelation got a 'lucky' guess. First, *sure there is*. It’s not a super specific prophecy, and the specific parts you seem to be ignoring. “Certain symbols or marks may be used in conjunction with money” is not a remarkable prediction — especially not in Ancient Rome. Second, you still haven’t connected this prophecy to anything or shown that it has come true. What you’ve described is a cherry-picked piece of the prophecy matching with a certain modern advancement in technology if someone squints hard enough. As mentioned before, the same thing has been done with that same prophecy countless times before — from the image of Nero on coins to social security numbers to the cash you bemoan the loss of. Over and over people like you have exclaimed “it’s a match” only to have their theories washed away by time. You admit that even your version of the theory hasn’t actually happened yet. So spare us the question begging and the smuggled in assumptions. If you want anyone to be convinced of this mark conspiracy, you’re going to have to do a hell of a lot more than you’ve done here. &gt; There must have been some divine intervention that the writer received in order to write about the things he describes. No, not really. The writer likely lived in a time and a place where the Roman Empire was exerting pressure on their subjects to use Roman money stamped with the emperor’s mark as a way to consolidate power and promote the image of the emperor. No divine intervention is needed for someone to notice that happening and write about something similar in their fuzzy, vague af, fever-dream of a prophecy. I’m not saying that’s what happened, but it’s a hell of a lot more likely since it doesn’t require any completely undetectable gods to exist and interact with the world. &gt; Thoughts? I’m not even remotely convinced.
Maybe the end of the world is like Zeno’s paradox. We keep getting half of the remaining distance closer to the end, but we’ll never actually get there. ;)
No no, not the next day. First head-wound-beast has to make every living person love them. THEN the second beast will come — the one who rises out of the earth with only two horns. That beast will bring fire down from heaven and breathe life into images of the first beast so that they can talk, then the SECOND beast will force everyone to get the mark. So, you know...you’ll want to hold on to that chip for a while. ;)
How’s this tactic working out for you? You attempted to make an argument in your OP but apparently failed to be very convincing, so now you’re just posting warnings — warnings that would only make sense if the thing you failed to make a convincing case for was true. This doesn’t seem like a very effective strategy for...anything. What would you say your goal is here?
&gt; I just want people to love and care for each other more. I know my post doesn't say or imply this. Right. Not even *close*. &gt; I put together a half ass post to get someone to start believing in God and turn to his love. So your goal was to "get someone to start believing in god?" How has that worked out so far? Do you think you've achieved that goal? Do you think you're ever going to achieve it by writing "half ass" posts? I just want to understand what you could possibly be thinking.
My rig is almost always on a tripod.
Haha, bizarre. I'm curious what OP was saying in all of the comments they deleted. (Edit: [https://removeddit.com/r/askanatheist/comments/higwmw](https://removeddit.com/r/askanatheist/comments/higwmw)) Either way, I agree. Smells of some kind of attempt to make a point. Not sure how well it worked.
&gt; I’m leaning towards both the sides. I'm not sure what this means, and I'm not sure it's a meaningful answer to the question I asked. *Are you convinced that a god actually exists?* You either are or aren't. If you're "not sure," then you are also "not convinced." Atheists do not need to declare or assert that no gods exists -- that's something else. Atheism is simply saying "I'm not convinced that a god exists." That's it. &gt; Thinking about it makes me feel like life has no purpose. It shouldn't. In a universe where no gods exist -- and our universe appears for all the world to be such a universe -- any sense of "purpose" you've ever felt in your life *necessarily did not come from a god*. Plenty of people have a sense of purpose that has fuck all to do with any gods. I want to experience and learn new things and do good work that I can be proud of and that makes the world a better place for people. That's my "purpose" and it's something I've decided for myself. I didn't need a deity to tell me that -- especially not a deity that as far as I can tell *doesn't actually exist*. *Literally nothing* changes when you acknowledge that you're not convinced that a god exists. Nothing. You go from a universe in which there doesn't seem to be any gods to a universe in which you acknowledge that fact. That's it. Nothing else changes.
&gt; Can you revise your comment to make a more meaningful contribution to the debate? No. &gt; Rule 6: Quality Rule. Quick question about procedure. You've flagged this comment and that's fair enough given what it was. But has the comment been removed at this point?
&gt; But if there is no God, won’t that mean... Whatever you're about to say, I can almost guarantee the answer is going to be "no." &gt; ...won’t that mean there are no consequences for our actions... *What world do you live in?* Take off your shoes and kick the corner of your desk as hard as you can. Do it now. Hard. What does the existence of any gods have to do with there being consequences to our actions? How are the two concepts connected *at all*? If you did kick your desk, you might have a broken toe. In what was a god involved or needed for that to happen? &gt; ...and I can choose to be a bad person and live my way like that? You *can*. People *do*. As far as we can tell, some of them get away with it and others don't. What does that have to do with any gods existing? Also, explain what "bad person" things you're just itching to do but don't do because of a god. What are they? I can't think of anything for myself. I am living the kind of life I want to live -- trying my best not to hurt people and to contribute meaningfully to the world -- and at no point did any gods figure into that for me. But please, go on. Tell us about the awful person you want to be. &gt; I WANT to believe in God but not having enough proofs or evidence is hindering me from believing. Good. That means you're at least somewhat sensible. The time to believe something is when there is sufficient convincing evidence. Now you just need to rid yourself of these weird "purpose" misconceptions and the idea that without a god you would suddenly become some horrible person. You wouldn't. Nothing would change. You'd be the same person you are right now.
Seoul? Dangsan area?
Thought so too! My guess was Dangsan area.
