I enjoyed her fight with King Reina, I like her style and those impressive legs. I'd like to see her take a shot at Gabi, I'd give her solid odds at a win.
[Fite](https://www.fite.tv/watch/2-day-pack-rizin-fighting-federation-world-grand-prix-2017/2m33a/)
[Replay link](https://www.fite.tv/watch/2-day-pack-rizin-fighting-federation-world-grand-prix-2017/2m33a/)
He's not nearly as bias as people say he is; WWE is just shit and their fanboys can't process the praise given to higher work rate.
What happened to the lost friend?
God what a sad attempt to be funny.
This is what my first assumption was when it was announced since only one can win.
&gt;The “Big 4” system has worked for over 3 decades,why ruin it. The Big Five is a return to the 90s format when King of the Ring was considered a major PPV alongside the current four marquee PPVs; technically they're not ruining anything just elevating MITB to a position that's been dormant.
&gt; but at least it looks like a professional sporting event. WWE is big, bright, fun, and loud, where NJPW looks like it's filmed in a pole barn. I see it the other way around; I find New Japan to have much more of a sporting event feel with press conferences, teams, competition based booking with structured paths to titles where wins and losses matter. Those traits along with different levels of production relevant to the significance of the show versus a super bright, loud, scripted/variety show that tries too hard to be too many things and the "sport" aspect is secondary.
&gt;It really says a lot that Jericho is willing to give up a supposedly large WM payday to finally have fun wrestling again after spending so many years wasting away in WWE. You can not understate how huge this is. Fozzy is launching a tour at the end of February and they're playing in New Hampshire on April 8 so he didn't really give up a Mania payday.
The Wrestle-1 events were pretty ambitious; not particularly good, but some odd noteworthy matches with the likes of Goldberg, other WCW guys, Sabu, Abdullah the Butcher, MMA fighter Kevin Randleman (RIP) and recently departed New Japan legend Shinya Hashimoto
Maybe if this had been a forum of debate you'd have more of a valid point but this was an interview with a line of questioning the subject consistently ignored while repeatedly attempting to control the direction for his own purposes before ultimately devolving into aggressively disparaging the host and network going even further off topic.
This is an exciting announcement; always glad to see Khalidov, moving up should be an interesting challenge.
&gt; I'm sorry you spent so much time on this post. I was thinking the same thing; it's like he put a lot of work in but didn't at the same time.
He's definitely making an effort to repair his damaged reputation; hopefully it's genuine and not only an effort to stop the flow of lost bookings.
I don't think anyone can replace Jimmy Smith, but this is definitely interesting; looking forward to hearing him at 192.
You posted this thread and opted not to expand on your theory at all? Something worth discussing would have been nice as opposed to an empty thought with nothing to support it.
because the GOP has been cherry picking information from the testimony in order to further their own agenda; GPS called for the full text to be released, which was echoed by Dems and then refused by the GOP.
So was Cejudo
So we'll forget about the pre-Rock days when he was [Flex Kavana](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1371655522/profile_image_1306546449477.jpg) working in Memphis after he decided to try wrestling. His family got him in the door but he did his part to climb, especially when he was so brutally rejected fans chanted "Die Rocky Die" at him.
&gt; Tv shows and movies portray them all the time and reality shows and documentaries show them all the time. Those circumstances are hardly comparable to some entitled "celebrity" exploiting a suicide victim for amusement and clicks.
What an embarrassment. I'm glad the Dutch reporters are persistent and not as willing to be brushed aside as their North American counterparts.
He's been sporadic for years so his fans are used to the layoffs but I'm glad to hear he still has plans to fight again and that his USADA run-in may not be a long term issue.
Same lawyer as Priebus and McGahn
Cramer is opting not to run for Senate because he'd prefer to remain in Congress; it does leave them weakish against an incumbent Democrat though, so there's that.
Fuck this guy is dense, just refusing to acknowledge the reality put to him in the simplest of terms while offering nothing of substance to counter being made to look like a total moron (although he may just be used to it).
They vary depending on your position and perceived value. I've read various figures in different places so this isn't gospel. NXT starts around $40-50k and goes into the low six figures (with notable exceptions eg: Nakamura) with women getting more than men because it's believed it's more expensive to maintain a certain level of presentation (make-up etc). NXT talent gets their expenses covered (or at least subsidized) while the main roster does not. Main roster starts in the ballpark of $125k and goes up from there.
Cuban has been a recent proponent of expanding his business with them, but there are limits to the growth one can expect from that type of deal; however it does mean more money for New Japan and it's never bad to have a noted billionaire express enthusiasm about your product.
While I'll miss him on Bellator shows I'm glad I'll still get to hear his commentary.
that popped me during the show.
They should scale it back and have someone host the show for AXS to set up the matches and segments with the original commentary and subtitles.
I'm a really big Barnett fan from his MMA career and to a lesser degree his pro wrestling career as well, he's a great personality and a smart guy. That said as a commentator in pro wrestling he's been underwhelming and I think it stems from him projecting his own style and preferences onto everything he's watching which really limits his ability to call a match for what it is instead of what he wants it to be.
He's always came off kind of aggressively desperate for attention and acknowledgment to me so I'm not surprised.
He's a good long career; I loved his run in Strikeforce and it was awesome when he submitted Miller in his UFC return but it's been hit or miss since then and I'm glad he's retiring to focus on coaching.
&gt;The whole deal, however, is contingent on whether or not Fox re-ups their deal with UFC. Meltzer mentions their offer to UFC is a shade over $200 million, which is not much higher than what they’re getting currently, **and that there is speculation WWE could command up to $400 million** in a new deal, just for broadcast rights. The title is misleading because the source the article quotes doesn't directly connect the speculated figure and FOX at all. All Meltzer is saying is that there has been speculation about what a potential WWE deal could yield and some people believe it could reach as high as $400 million depending on how the bidding goes and particularly how the UFC does.
&gt; it's surreal to see the left simultaneously mocking those values and actively enforcing them. Maybe you need to stop looking at it in such black and white ideological terms because you must be using far too broad a brush to be surprised the "left" isn't some singular thing.
I incorrectly read this as Brock Lesnar first
&gt; Hoe do you differentiate between an awkward sexual experience and assault Since it's more and more a set of subjective and randomly applicable criteria it seems impossible.
&gt; I was upset that the announcers were saying that they thought it was an early stoppage. During the replay Felder says "he's just covering up, can't argue with that stoppage"
What TV company would pay out their ass for broadcast rights with a clause specifically designed to dilute the potential audience they're paying for? The only scenario where it would make sense for WWE to keep their content in-house would be if they had reached a high and stable enough subscriber base where it would be a better option for them to handle all their own advertising sales. It would have to be a huge potential upside for them to even consider a notion like that.
&gt; Other people are allowed to insider rumors besides Meltzer and Satin. Allowed to? Yes Able to? Probably not.
Bader is my pick; outside of Rampage I like everyone in the field and I don't see him winning so I'll be happy as long as Big Pygmy gets a title shot.
I finished around 250th in the final season of it in like 2007; I found it a fun supplement to my fantasy hockey league and it helped keep me invested in WWE to a degree (which was hard) and when they killed it my interest in wrestling ended up waning significantly for five or six years after. Sandman caning the shit out hopeless Sci-Fi jobbers was a great source of points until they caught on and limited weapon shot value.
&gt; There was also the fact that Russo booked an IWGP Tag title change without the consent of NJPW. Pretty sure he did the same thing in WCW having Juvi win the Jr Heavyweight from Liger on Nitro without telling them.
Kid is 19 and has a video with his Top 15 KOs. He's a lot of fun to watch and I hope he keeps plugging away and eventually gets some stiffer competition on Rizin shows.
he can be all those things *and* an idiot.
The cruise is legit and still happening. Jericho had an idea and then put it together; WWE passed so he partnered with ROH to handle the actual wrestling.
Being stringent about reading lables is one thing but it's not like he (or anyone else) has an easily available/affordable option of overseeing independent testing of his supplements nor should he be expected to. In this case the USADA concluded the Ostarine positive was triggered by tribulus terrestris so it's no unreasonable to assume something like that can slip by. He should have cut his losses and taken the 18 month suspension though; this doesn't seem like an ideal hill to die on out of principle.
Coker's Bellator has been guilty of leaning heavily on previously established names but it's almost a necessary evil to use up what's left of the old guard to keep/build a base as they nurture more homegrown talent. This way they can gradually and naturally supplement their current tournament era guys with the growing list of former UFC fighters that *aren't* washed up and looking for a payday.
This is a good singing for them, he may not be everyone's cup of tea but he's an experienced visible personality people will recognize.
Fixed that for you.
DC plays it cordial and professional; hopefully this puts an end to any hostility.
I'm not particularly a fan of either Bisping or Belfort but a rematch seems like a picturesque way for both of them to close out their careers so I hope it gets done.
This was my understanding of it too.
This seems better suited as a comment than a thread; it's basically you venting complaints while offering/asking nothing to encourage discussion. I feel like Trish earned her way and when looked at as a product of her time she had a respectable resume and definitely had a connection to fans on a different level than many of the women today have been able to establish.
&gt; he's a scumbag I wouldn't call him a role model, but I wouldn't call him a scumbag either.
Mo was handling Cro Cop well enough before he got tagged with a good shot and he managed to make it work against Kongo too so he's not too far out of his depth.
&gt; The gym pays for itself and earns him enough to make a living. But the old days of big sponsorship checks and big fight purses are gone. So I guess he's not "broke" broke just wants a bit more a safety net.
Out of all the things he's found himself under scrutiny for this will likely be among the ones that bothers him most; people thinking he's bad in bed or has a small dick is worse than people thinking he's a racist or liar.
You should get down so you don't fall.
It's funny because not only is she a horrible vapid racist but she also backhands everyone in the south by basically saying "it's OK I'm in the south"
I'd second Bernie's; I've only ever had good service there, same goes for my parents.
&gt; Different links have shown that they had been requesting their readers to send them stories about sexual assault/harassment etc AND they heard the story about Aziz from someone else and tracked "Grace" down. Opportunistic exploitation conducted under the guise of advancing a cause; pretty shortsighted too given they assumed people would be so anxious to grab the pitchforks they'd overlook the glaring holes all over the place.
&gt;It's probably really cheap also. And you're basing this on what report of an intent to sell by Anthem? Even if they decided to get out of the wrestling promoting business it would be hard to see a company the focuses on broadcasting platforms would part with a relatively large library of wholly owned content. In order to get it WWE would likely have to pay more than they traditionally offer for footage if they were to make it worthwhile for Anthem or Anthem would have to be going out of business or divesting their broadcasting business.
I'm sorry for your loss; I enjoyed reading about your relationship with him through combat sports, it was very heartwarming and nice to know you have something to look back on.
It has definitely been lucrative, his purse is much higher and guaranteed while he's also finding sponsors willing to invest in him. His issues so far seem to be lack of activity and the spontaneous nature in which TV executives make decisions.
TV shot callers used their analysis of the numbers available and decided Rampage vs Sonnen was the bigger marquee fight and thus should headline. It's likely not wrong, but it unsettles the more sport minded fans because it's not the title fight.
Which is what I said his primary issue was.
While he's trying in earnest, I don't expect Mojo to have many ups either and very likely won't come close to the fan reactions Dillinger has received.
&gt; Why am I getting downvotes for my opinion? Someone asked and I answered. How is that downvotes worthy? Who cares? Some of the shit we all say gets downvoted.
A lot of people project onto what he says, either positive or negative. He rarely speaks in absolutes when he isn't sure and is usually careful to make it clear when he's speculating or is giving an opinion vs reporting hard news or passing along verified facts; however many people are eager to either hold him up or tear him down they don't actually pay too much attention to the context.
or you could accept a collect call from the drainage commission in Springfield.
That one transparent statement proves Kimmel's whole point about the intentions of the GOP and Andres was totally unaware while making the comment.
&gt;"I don't want to be rude because I'm not a rude individual. I know you're just trying to do your job, but there's no comment," he said. "You're going to have to accept that." At least he said he wasn't media savvy before he said this.
&gt;"The villain of the local indy federation was doing a fine job of being a dastardly heel -- until a tiny kid in the audience blurted the most wonderful inadvertent heckle: "Hey, that guy works at the mall!" Saw a similar thing happen at a local indy last month; big monster heel comes out with his mean face on and the guy next to me starts laughing and says "that guy sells phones at Walmart"
It's probably best for him to believe it didn't happen; since he allegedly ate the sandwich and didn't notice there wouldn't be a nasty memory he couldn't ignore.
If it's true I am so glad that didn't end up happening.
Great fight, but seems a little lackluster for a FOX main event; most of the card is kind of middling with good fighters but nothing too big.
I'm sure the UFC people will love reading that quote. She's not wrong though, Bellator seemed to be lining up to establish womens 145 and 125 to the UFC's 115 and 135 so they actually have a bit of a foundation that isn't a series of bloated 135ers.
Jamie Dundee and Jim Cornette are my favourtite personalities for shoots. Marty Jannetty had one from 2004 that was excellent. He's too burnt out nowadays but that older one was really entertaining. The list of bad ones is too long to list; a lot of people wanting a quick payday end up tip toeing around so they don't hurt feelings or burn bridges.
Maybe for the next re-brand they should go back and give "The Nashville Network" another try.
Maybe Rizin and supplement it with some globe trotting. One, ACB, EFN, KSW and I'm sure others would be interested.
It got a pop because he lost, you could only do that once and they blew it because it ended up used as leverage in the politicking between Hogan and Nash.
Best for all involved; no loss for UFC even without the suspension and Rizin gets some depth.
[It's small](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BmLFRJeCMAAX43P.jpg) but a nice indy venue should be easy to fill.
You're really reaching to draw connections to instances with totally different circumstances. Having personal photos and videos stolen from your private account and spread without consent is hardly comparable to Chyna's numerous personal issues on top of performing in numerous widely distributed amateur and professionally produced pornographic films. In regards to Hogan, the actual sex on the sex tape stolen stolen and released had little to nothing to do with his excommunication and everything to do with his explicitly racist remarks which can't be ignored based solely on the circumstance of the tape's release; so trying to connect the dots between his case and Paige's doesn't hold water.
I remember reading an interview with him once where he said he always said he'd go until the wheels fell off, then they did and he just put them back on. Fighting in today's game is definitely not a good idea for someone that's been away and has struggled for years to be competitive.
I enjoy ROH's product for the most part; I make a point to watch most of their bigger shows and the odd house show while their TV isn't really a priority for me since it's easy enough to keep up in passing; at the very least I would recommend giving them a try.
&gt;What do you think? That some things sound funnier in a person's head than they are in execution.
Enjoyed this fight solid showing from both fighters; looking forward to Chandler getting his do-over with Primus.
&gt; Brendan Schaub once again proves he really doesn't know half as much as he think he does and has a self-centered, borderline narcissistic attitude about it. This sums him up pretty good; loves to talk and comes off condescending while often being wrong.
Dems are definitely playing their part with a united front but that doesn't change the fact that the GOP control both houses and without dissent in their ranks caused by untenable demands and leverage tactics they would be able to move forward. If it was a plan by the "left" it would have to hinge entirely on GOP in-fighting which is a risky play; even if it was the case it would speak to how powerless the GOP are that their opponents can launch a large scale disruption relying entirely on their predictable dysfunction. * edit - changed a word
I love World War I history so this has definitely piqued my interest. Hopefully he can incorporate Indy Neidell in some way on or off screen, his Great War Youtube channel is one of my favourites.
I've always found WWI to be fairly underrepresented especially in comparison to WW II and Vietnam.
People look at his record and see names they don't recognize or names who had declined before they were fans of the sport and tend to discount the value of those wins at the time the fights happened.
Enzo was kicked out too and has a history of being full of shit; maybe they were made to be a team.
A rape accusation nowadays is not something you want to be seen taking lightly so it's best to move quickly.
It's almost as if the circumstances are different...
This is a character they could actually get away with working in a"you can't see me"
I've enjoyed his run in Rizin so far and he seems to be doing fine without the UFC; I'll watch his fights wherever he goes.
&gt; I wonder if the UFC would ever loan DJ out to RIZIN I think they learned their lesson there after Chuck got knocked out in Pride.
Bellator's contracts aren't all necessarily structured the same as the UFC's so you can't really be sure how much any fighter actually walks away with on a Bellator card from the commission released salaries. Rory also recently signed a six figure sponsorship deal with crypto company Dash so I wouldn't worry too much about him.
&gt;Now, Trump's daughter and senior White House adviser Ivanka Trump is heading up the search, according to Vanity Fair. because she's totally qualified to oversee this process.
He's out in March, so he's almost there
Interim interim title?
Peace of mind. I get by OK on less so that would make me feel pretty comfortable.
Wouldn't put it past them; probably figured even if they pissed them off they'll get over it and come back with their wallets open.
I read this in the voice of Foghorn Leghorn
DVR gets factored into the ratings and it's usually stated if those numbers are included.
Hopefully they were just showing off the new hire and don't feel as compelled to feature him quite so much going forward.
Neither Bellator of UFC have been posting seven figure ratings with any consistency on nights they aren't competing so thinking on a night they were head to head they would both over-perform their averages wasn't particularly realistic. I think 770k is solid for them given the circumstances; not great but not bad.
&gt;“Bitch I have 1million followers on instagram…you should be begging for this dick.” That one line more than anything stands out as definitely being what Enzo would do in that situation.
He lost his job because he knew he was being investigated and never bothered to tell WWE.
"Originally from Chicago, Illinois, now hailing from Helsinki, Finland"
I would put my money on the latter.
in the face of questions on his incriminating actions anyways
&gt; although of course now it isn’t involved in setting the ground rules. They seemed to be the nation insisting on the more unfavourable conditions so this might be better off for everyone long term.
Poirier is a harder fight with less general appeal where he would be the potential stepping stone; compared to Nate, while not an easy fight, is much more appealing in terms of fan interest, financial potential and in the cage.
I skimmed through and couldn't believe how many people fail to grasp that he was fired because he wasn't forthcoming about any of it to WWE and not explicitly because of the accusations itself.
His joke was horribly timed and incredibly insensitive towards a more tenured talent who was well liked; that in addition to him being very new to the company when should have been very conscious of how he carried himself and the impression he was leaving. Bray's domestic issues wasn't a company issue and had nothing to do with wrestling so I can't see how his personal life in any way disqualifies him from speaking out on something not at all related.
Yeah I can't see video really enhancing my enjoyment of Observer Radio at all, probably the opposite because listening to Alvarez's voice is bad enough sometimes without having to see him too; especially to the tune of $8.
Fuck I hope not. He's garbage in the ring.
I would imagine they aren't going to give him a title contender knowing it's his last fight. I think he'll draw someone in similar circumstances (Rashad, Belfort) or a more middle of the road fighter (Sam Alvey, Brad Tavares).
This is definitely it. Far too many people assume whatever the commission released salaries are automatically equate to their total pay. Bellator has historically employed much different and more creative contract structures than the UFC deals everyone is familiar with and seem to assume are universal for MMA.
Those belts aren't cheap.
I like the very specific nature of your wish.
That's how it goes with him. Over on r/squaredcircle part of the community reveres him and a fair amount resent him, partially because of that reverence; you end up with some people posting his every tweent as gospel with others attacking everything he says as bullshit.
This is who came to mind for me; glad you posted because I was having trouble remembering his name.
&gt; Part of the problem that I see, as an outsider, is the extremely decentralised population. Maintenance of roads, especially, costs a fortune every year because of the frequent freeze-thaw cycle that causes frost heaving in the concrete. &gt; On top of that, people living in the boonies need their services as much as anyone else and demand reasonable access; meaning that there needs to be services available for tiny populations. This is definitely a huge part of it. Infrastructure, ferries and services to countless spread out and isolated communities is crazy expensive. My family is from is an island that gets regular ferry service for less than 150 people.
I find Iaquinta almost insufferable so I'm really pulling for Felder in this one; he's been on a great streak of late.
&gt; for minimal gain He's paid very well so it's hardly for nothing.
Except they're nothing alike. Daley signed his deal and is disgruntled; Eddie had fought out his deal and signed an offer sheet which Bellator claimed they match and a legal battle ensued. Paul Daley, as great as he is, is definitely high maintenance for any promotion that decides to sign him for any length of time or with exclusivity.
Doesn't mean he isn't well paid. And if he *needs* the money it only illustrates my point.
"It will always be *Burma* to me"
Where I'm from we love a bit of [Beans and Wieners](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/09/c7/ed/09c7edc849a6c2422f4c4d70d8538cf5--lunches-beans.jpg). Potatoes aren't a bad idea either.
He'll act like it's a promotion while he's really running away to avoid being punished.
CMLL produces much more rounded talent and their style has a strong emphasis on technical wrestling in addition to traditional lucha and it shows when you compare the actual in-ring quality between them and AAA.
Nobody will fault him for believing in himself, so long as he doesn't expect us to believe it too.
Now that you've been freelancing for a while, do you prefer being a contracted talent with a primary employer or being entirely independent?
You put up the good fight, it's not your fault his reading comprehension isn't comprehensive.
&gt; one more step and we're picking each other's assholes for shit to fling at each other We'll call it dingleberry dodgeball
Left handed and have never instinctively tried to shake with my left hand.
Seems like a really sparsely attended show tonight.
Center Stage is a cool TV venue so I'm good with this.
That was my understanding.
Reading down through your comments and you're insufferably ignorant. Not only do you not take any time to even know what you're talking about, you double down as if one spot you don't like confirms all your most negative thoughts about indy wrestling.
I hope it's not Saku's ear again.
And Trump, who has been relentlessly pushing for this, was completely out of the loop.
One half of the sub race to post his every word as gospel while the other half can't wait to post his every word to tear him down.
&gt; you guys know he is the source of the majority of even slightly credible wrestling news out there, and without him, this sub would be half empty. This is the funniest thing because a lot of the same people who hate on him will post links to all the "newz" sites without realizing almost all of the information comes from very few legitimate sources and most often it's lifted right from Meltzer.
This is a pretty shortsighted way of looking at it. She's still a big star and a household name with an impressive athletic resume and credibility that WWE has never had before.
This is why I don't like Iaquinta; he seems to feel entitled to everything because he has an inflated sense of his own value and comes off as ungrateful on top of everything else.
Yeah the 300 year anniversary was reportedly a big factor in them getting the event because it was seen as a great opportunity to tie for promotion.
I really like how expressive her face and body language are; she has a nice smile too.
The anti-Meltzer sentiment is really getting tired.
&gt; because now it’s getting scary real. It really is; it's been a steep descent from funny joke to terrifying reality; each seemingly absurd push gains traction and they keep moving forward.
I'd say it did between 300-400k Points are usually set to kick in after a certain number. So he would get say $2 for every buy over 200k and then like $3 per buy once it goes higher than another threshold like say 450k. I don't know what his or anyone's contract says specifically but they usually don't get points for every buy.
I would imagine this was because he was in a title fight and his next purse will not be so high.
People's Elbow? What about [the cobra??](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNJ29mNU3gM)
I find the excessive amount of lights and all the red red hurts my eyes.
I don't know about phenomenal but I do think he's not as shot as Mir.
They've already been in talks with Cobb so I wouldn't be surprised at all to see him come in. WWE was high on Riddle at the outset of his career and were responsible for him choosing Evolve over ROH but then they backed off of signing him because of his past with test failures and issues with UFC officials. New Japan were also interested but also backed off because of his history with weed due to the stigma it still has over there.
This is almost too ridiculous to bother replying to. OJ basically got away with murder and the only source of justice came in the form of a civil judgment against him who was found responsible and ordered to pay. Chasing this isn't solely about money and profit but about forcing a criminal to pay some form of restitution for his crimes and this is the only avenue open to him.
That's what I said.
UFC 203 had CM Punk who was responsible for a decent chunk of that buyrate. The early indications for 220 were roughly around or under 219's rate which was hovering around 400k.
No worries; it's not the first time my choice of words has done that and it won't be the last lol
[Their first album](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killing_Is_My_Business..._and_Business_Is_Good!)
It could be a fun match for sure but I think people are way too high on Dream.
which basically amounts to grasping at straws.
It would be fitting for it to end that way after they basically bank rolled him this far at least partially out of their own desire to spite Punk.
It was 4 years Tuesday since I had to put my girl down, saddest day of my life.
He's a total douche through and through who escaped consequences because of his father but he has written some pretty successful movies (which I'm sure is also at least in part because of his father).
&gt; Before you ask, no it would not accomplish anything with this trial I dunno, he does have a way with words...and numbers
The problem is because of his reputation as a prolific bullshitter it's hard to really take what he says at face value.
I can only imagine what kind of god awful piece of shit anything written or produced by Enzo would be.
Any article quoting Bill Bhatti as their source is not worth reading.
I wonder how long before Trump gets the idea to shoot someone at a rally to prove this point.
Bruce Hart is a prime example of someone being the star of their own story; no matter the reality it's always about Bruce.
&gt; they just say “plans change” and everyone just accepts it and moves on. This is a weak argument since plans absolutely change all the time; they're usually on top of using the proper qualifiers when reporting news vs speculating and when things do change they follow up on it.
The difference with Bret is he actually was a star that some people care to listen to; but yeah the Harts are a special breed for sure.
Between the hair, glasses and facial hair he has quite a douchey trifecta to compliment his racism.
He's already working with ROH on the cruise so I can't see how adding Impact would matter much. He typically signs short term contracts nowadays so he's free to do what he wants with his other projects.
He said there's a group with a hold on a date and nothing has been announced and I would imagine there will be follow up if anything noteworthy comes of it; not sure what you expect since there are obviously varying degrees of details available for any given story or piece of news.
I had to laugh at Mike Jackson saying Punk was an amateur walking into a fight with a professional when he's had all of one more fight (amateur or pro) than Punk.
&gt; you know who is not complaining - Bobby Knuckles Just like Stipe before him
I would be surprised if he gets anything; at this rate he'll be lucky not to have to pay Punk's legal fees or get investigated for some of his mistakes that came to light during the trial.
They would be best served treading lightly in this area, especially in the such a public forum; the classification of fighters and pro wrestlers as independent contractors is a situation there to be challenged and situations like these could prove to be ammunition down the road.
He's on fight pass this weekend so you aren't wrong.
Punk was the one being sued over comments relating to potential staph infection.
and then stiffed him on the bill.
I'm still holding out hope the value of my copies of Bloopers, Bleeps &amp; Bodyslams and Starrcade 1990 will skyrocket any day now.
I don't think he's been too preoccupied with success in the same sense of others like Punk were, he fizzled out in WWE pretty quick and moved on; he seems to really love his role on the independents and doing things on his own terms.
The desperation gets stronger with every Rudy quote I read.
I'm so tired of Giuliani quotes, you could tell me they came from a dementia patient and I wouldn't argue.
Yeah but all that means is the announcement is imminent.
I can only imagine how big a win this will inevitably be for him.
or people who stop first then turn on the blinker
I'm going to miss Klose this time around.
He'll lock in that [anaconda vice.](https://pa1.narvii.com/5983/272a666f0546a6e1c4008c872e71e69a4d73bcf7_hq.gif)
Which he would probably choose to interpret as a parade of his supporters and it only sounds like they're booing because that's just French for cheering.
"defendant claims they offered low-five but province was too slow."
&gt; Few WWE matches feature long term booking and call backs to a wrestler's career or relationships with their opponent to the extent that njpw does NJPW gets so much out of the subtle moves and spots that recall the past and those touches reward fans who stay invested to see these things and know they have context and meaning beyond simply being a spot in a match; on the other side of the coin WWE is a black hole of continuity where you're lucky if they aren't expecting you to disregard everything from a PPV Sunday by the end of RAW on Monday.
&gt; Once his contract runs out there gonna throw a shit ton of money his way. And I doubt he'd consider it; money isn't everything to everyone.
I'm so glad this was the first comment I saw; Clockwork was my immediate thought too.
It's not much of a stretch because realistically he probably wasn't too hands on with recruiting and relied on people to bring talent to him.
I love how your opinion is somehow paramount to their entire establishment and you can choose to label their practices based on your clearly uninformed point of view.
Glad Smith gave Rashad his due; great KO.
The Gutter King 749-0101, Foley's 699-1172, Atlantic Eavestrough 687-4717 All these guys do good work.
While Trudeau has some fallen short in some areas during his tenure it's hard to deny there isn't a sense of unity in the country where standing up to Trump is concerned.
just have some Bailey's from a shoe and you'll be OK.
Backlund was a long term champion and great natural wrestler but he couldn't talk, had no real character or charisma and wasn't even the top draw while he was the guy, so I can't see how he could be included near the top in any capacity.
&gt; Suppose it depends on your age I could see that but if you were to compare the totality of their respective careers Jericho dwarfs Sting in just about every area.
Maybe she can get BJ's mom to plead her case for her too.
That's pretty much all I figured it's ever been, there's nothing about their business model that's ever made sense and there's been so many shady characters and dealings.
So much painstakingly detailed cringe.
That's why I said totality. Sting was huge star and a great babyface that I loved as a kid and teenager, but IMO Sting plateaued in 1997 and save for some flashes in TNA he was never really able to recapture what made him such an intresting enigmatic character. In terms of Jericho's consistent success, longevity, adaptability in regards to his style and character, overall match quality, diversity of opponents and promotions worked with and for on top of his success in other mediums outside of wrestling it's a lot to ignore in comparison with just about anyone.
It's like 2004 all over again.
He's a character made of up mostly retread traits on top of being fairly limited in actual wrestling ability so it's not too surprising to see him lamenting the current wrestling scene.
Half of this thread is just defaulting to "but the Clintons.."
&gt; These are all drastically different stories! Seems like a logical progression of a developing story.
I remember watching this when it happened and I popped huge because I totally expected the result to be more like the rematch.
How can he both reject the conclusion *and* claim it exonerates him?
Probably not the best time to be publicly grinding her ax.
Yeah it's more like the eventual splat will be glorious.
&gt; Cohen is very, very, very stupid. Cooley stupid.
The headline alone made my afternoon.
Chris Pratt is ridiculously likable.
When he threw his arm up over Jackson's head I thought for sure he was going to try a DDT.
He was given an honorary black belt and noted he wasn't even sure how to tie it.
That makes me not want to know what the rest of the card will look like.
Really goes a long way to illustrate how disconnected people like her are from the rest of us.
Not knowing that requires an impressive level of ignorance.
&gt; Miller will be fired We can only hope.
I'd be happy with Ibushi winning it all and getting the Kingdom shot or pinning Omega during the round robin and claiming a shot down the road.
It was close by and felt like something smashed into our building; freaked everyone out for a minute.
I think it covers both bases in that it's taking him down a peg if intentional and necessary if he's oblivious.
An hour of two of labour on a standard servicing could easily run a couple of hundred bucks; I don't know why you're so adamant it's *just* an oil change when there's no mention of one anywhere.
Probably the best summary of niceguys I've encountered.
At the very least he should be done fighting at an elite level, he is too far gone to be competitive.
he doesn't have to because he's under contract to 20th Century which is about to be sold off.
His numbers are estimates from cable providers so they don't include things like online purchases, but that goes for just about all buy rate estimates since the other numbers are almost entirely dependent on what the UFC is willing to disclose.
MSG were the ones soliciting outside companies to book dates so I think it will absolutely happen. This particular issue was probably due to the timing of wanting to run against them on Mania week so WWE is trying to pull strings to get their way this time.
I'm a fan of his and it will be interesting to see if he can come back from such a bad loss.
Have done both many times and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. I personally have never had any real bad effects as a result of tripping, maybe some nausea on shrooms but other than that nothing.
I really hope he's done or does something to warrant ending up in prison; he's about as cancerous to society as a single person can be.
I wouldn't be surprised if they weren't big fans of being slighted by the MSG move WWE pulled after one of their own people went public with it.
Watching Bryce talking about squirrels was like watching Forest and Bubba talking about shrimp.
He did say it wasn't going to happen soon but then flipped a couple of days later and called it his top priority.
Given the circumstances it's not much of a stretch to consider wearing that jacket was in poor taste.
This reality is so unpopular Tom Arnold is the best it could do.
This feels kinda out of nowhere. Machida may be on the downside of his career but he's still got some marquee mileage left in him and Bellator seems like a better fit for him going forward than the UFC.
He's saying they classify them as independent contractors while restricting them in ways applicable to employees and if they were truly independent contractors those restrictions should be unenforceable. WWE gets away with it because it would require a legal challenge by someone with the resources and influence for a class action that fell within the restrictive statute of limitations and could deal with the court venue being in a jurisdiction favourable to WWE. Raven and a few others attempted to bring the case but i was dismissed because they were outside the statute. The obvious solution would be to unionize and pursue collective bargaining but the problem with that is having to get the guys at the top who would stand to gain the least to be on board with helping everyone; Jesse Ventura made an attempt but it got undercut by Hogan who didn't want to compromise and share the wealth.
I was pissed when this happened, I loved Tatanka when I was a kid.
Outside of a scattered take out craving I opt to cook my own food, it's the better option in terms of money and health really. I did order a free trial week of Hello Fresh and I think the price of the box I received was $79.99 and while the product was pretty good the cost for what amounts to six meals for one person was more than I typically pay for two weeks worth of groceries so the value wasn't there.
Don't be so dramatic; while I'm sure there has been and will be growing pains the service already streams thousands of high end sporting events each year and hasn't even launched stateside. Bellator made a solid move taking the outside deal because the millions in revenue will be very welcome as they keep up their growth push.
Could do without the Bettman, but happy with the double dose of Marty.
Barnett is definitely not shot as a fighter.
I kind of find this funny since a lot of people like to point out that r/canada is slanted right, complete with referring to [a mod who was a white nationalist.](https://www.reddit.com/r/onguardforthee/comments/7ywg8v/rcanada_moderator_uperma_im_a_white_nationalist/) Goes to show you how subjective it can be.
but [Casey Jones](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTiAM_Xnq3A) was great "face stern justice appliances!!"
One of my least favourite fighters so I can't say I'm sad to see him go, but he made it to the top and while we could probably throw an asterisk on it we can't take it away.
And he's never shied away from being excessively vocal about it, you'd swear by the way he carries himself he was a superstar; even if he had a point I'd say by this point most people are sick of listening to him.
He pulled out for whatever reason, probably some protest related to pay or lack of VIP treatment he thinks he's entitled to. It's funny because a few weeks ago he was satisfied with the pay bump he got for the rest of his current contract. I feel like I rag on him a lot, but he's so full of shit it's hard not to.
I loved him in the 90s and was so happy when he joined the Pens, it's too bad he left so abruptly.
I really dislike Satin, his approach to covering pro wrestling and basically his whole online presence. This tweet basically screams shit disturber because I don't believe for a second he is genuine in his concern for women.
Hall of strength has a much better sound to it.
The idea of imprisoning someone for exposing a legitimate attack on your country seems so backwards to me.
because Canadian's aren't what you would normally consider gangsters.
Finally a real fight for McKee, he's looked solid so far but like MVP has been coddled a fair bit, nice to see them giving him a legit test.
This is a pretty glaring sign that shit is really broken; it feels like such unabashed racism should sink any chance of ever having a career in public office but not only is it becoming more tolerated it almost feels like it's starting to be accepted.
I guess there was always the bus driver
&gt; but the people who are against it are up there with the anti-vaxxers. I think this is a bit of a stretch comparing it to something as drastically out to lunch as anti-vaxxing just by virtue of you saying it's fine either way.
I was hoping Alvey would oblige him after he called him out.
&gt; There's definitely gangsters in Canada, lmao. But I can see why people would think that's an oxymoron since Canadians are generally considered nice and pushovers. Yeah I doubt it's intended to be taken in any literal sense and is entirely based on the stereotype since the name is tongue in cheek and the obvious fact there's gang violence just about everywhere.
No surprise Tito is chomping at the bit to fight now that Chuck is so old and shot he actually has a shot to win; not that it would mean anything to anyone but him though.
can't do anything about the repulsive personality though.
I think their calling is outside of WWE, they can do so much more good for themselves and the business itself without the burden of WWE calling their shots.
It's really not though; they've put in minimal promotion and didn't announce a card until very close to the event and are still heading towards a profitable gate and potentially setting a record for the venue that's not very disappointing really; sure it would be nice to have seen them sell out but all things considered it's not bad and leaves room to learn from it and tinker with future attempts.
He threw his own name out there, Perry's a bigger name so it's not surprising. Felder should be interesting.
He's one of those head up is ass types who can't help it, even with a fairly benign case like this.
He's insanely busy most of the time and can only watch so much so he rates the higher profile stuff he prioritizes and his readers are interested in.
A month ago.
PCO is currently having a successful resurgence, never hurts to sign guys that have some momentum with fans.
Maybe Nia should take her own advice considering Ronda is progressing much faster than her.
If you have it and post it that would be a colossal dick move by someone trying to get attention as opposed to lying about it in a thread which is just a sad move, either way it's not a good look.
He only re-signed this past summer.
I've yet to have any trouble with packages clearing the customs or any other mail up to now.
This post is cringey and sad, not quite r/sadcringe material but still pretty bad.
This card is definitely not a throwaway. MVP vs Daley will be one of their most anticipated fights while Sergei vs Mitrione and Minakov's long awaited return serve to make this card pretty stacked and I'm very much looking forward to it.
There are no straws at which Jarrett won't grasp.
Poor Joe was just on the prelims of an Ultimate Fighter finale so I'd say the chances are high.
Such a tragic story, he wasn't always a good person but he'll always be a legend. RIP.
Spoken with a fair degree of ignorance.
I'm well aware of his history, but if you actually knew about him you'd know there was more to it than saying he was an asshole and that's that. &gt;I'd say my thoughts are with his family but they seemed to hate him. You'd also know he had re-established a relationship with Bronwyne who happily uses his name and her heritage in her own wrestling career so to say his family hates him is an unnecessary overstatement given the circumstances.
While I sympathize with them (especially Mike Bailey) it's really their own fault for trying to work without proper visas, especially a lot of the higher profile ones where there's video evidence of what they're doing and they're all over social media.
The UK boxing market is solid but this show was a financial success too, 300-400k buys and a big crowd in LA isn't bad at all.
TJ getting a taste of that flyweight life.
The UK would be ideal for the atmosphere but they (Paramount/DAZN) probably wanted it live in its normal slot. It's not all bad though, the Mohegan Sun has hosted some of their biggest fights and fits about 10,000 so it's not like they're doing it in Thackerville, Oklahoma in front of like 1200.
It's crazy how when they first fought it was an inevitable loss for Cro Cop who was supposedly winding down and now years later the rematch seems like an inevitable loss for Roy.
Life in Shelbyville isn't all bad.
Unless they meant at the very end of their term.
I have a soft spot for Chase Owens, he's a likable dude and a good wrestler and never hurts to have those around.
The fun world of syndication.
He really was a poor choice who was elected for his moderate amount of "fame".
r/canadianmoms might be more in the grey legal area but my experience has been great ordering online.
The number was embarrassingly low so I'm not surprised he's saying they're off, but the reports came from the same people who always put out buyrate information and the same people he'd be rushing to echo if the numbers had been good.
To guess based on what has been reported I'd say in the $500k-$1 million range. They got $250k and $200k to show while taking roughly 30% of the PPV (40k buys/$1.4 million) and gate (7800/$750k give or take) puts them in that $1 million range. My numbers are very loose estimates based on the higher end of reported numbers and using $35 as a ballpark PPV price since they changed the pricing so much.
Those days were my favourite time as a wrestling fan and these two were among my favourite to watch; what other guys could get away working 90+ minute matches on the indies? Thanks for the nostalgia.
&gt; Finally i buy a house and am moving away. The neighbor knows this. Says right there the neighbour knew in advance they were moving.
I know that, which is why I made a point to clearly state my numbers were definitely very loose estimates.
WWE is pretty well insulated financially; they're way too diverse and cash rich to be impacted to that degree by a show being moved from one network to another or even removed entirely, there will be another home willing to pay WWE for content and they'll be fine even if it's less than half of the FOX price because it's still way more than their last deal.
Maybe, but there is something to be said for the ability to refine the content you're presenting to guarantee your best foot goes forward without risking boring fights or too much nameless foreign talent viewers might not readily invest in.
Court needs to fuck off playing this card to try and cast himself and MLW in a sympathetic light. I get the approach and it's not the worst idea, but he's always been such a vocal complainer so it's hard not to hear him like an adult on Charlie Brown. There's nothing wrong with a company filling holes left by departing talent and offering them what they feel they're worth. Court is basically chastising a company for presenting a better opportunity to wrestlers.
Tried it once and it was really bad. I'm all for wrestling getting a chance but WGN could do much better, even if it's pay for play it feels too low budget to not be on a local network somewhere.
If anything it's given him the freedom to be an even bigger POS.
That was the first thing I thought too, unless they end up slapping an interim title on the winner.
It feels like ROH is definitely playing the departure of the Elite to their advantage, I can't remember the last time they went after this many names with real buzz behind them.
and you definitely shouldn't use turd coloured polish
If he did resign I imagine he would spin it as a victory.
Saw this the other day and it was great; I've always been fascinated with The Great War and really enjoyed the way Jackson put the whole thing together.
Cornette, no question whatsoever.
I'd say it comes down to Court mostly, this is all in line with how he's behaved historically.
Nice to see them experiencing year on year growth; given how their momentum decreased in the latter part of this year 2019 will be a big test for their new roster and I'm excited to see how they do.
The question in the headline is misleading because the study doesn't contend that CTE isn't real but rather that it doesn't meet the criteria to be considered a disease.
This really isn't on Delirious; some people here love to jump at any chance to blame him for anything they don't like about ROH regardless of whether it fits.
While I'm personally not the biggest fan of his, Delirious is the face of ROH as far as a large portion of the internet are concerned and he gets an almost Russo like level of association with anything bad happening in or around the company; most of which is misguided and rarely substantiated beyond hearsay, speculation and liberal interpretations of scattered quotes.
I love Aoki and it's cool to see him getting his shot fairly quickly, it's been a while since he's been so active. Also really excited for DJ and Eddie's debut, should be a fun card.
This should be a great fight, hate to see either guy lose.
More ringsidenews spam.
Maybe you should open your own promotion, succeed with your own advice and *then* come here and tell everyone how to do their shit.
This post reads like something a shill would say; it runs counter to everything I've read/heard so far outside of what the UFC and USADA are saying.
Super excited for tonight's show, always one of my favourite shows of the year.
That was different.
Feels like I've seen this intermission video loop through way too many times.
Holy shit it's over
This is the fight I've been waiting for, don't care who wins because they're both great.
This should be an interesting spectacle befitting its stage.
And why would they fix a fight to embarrass their rising superstar?
This is a sad comment.
[This](https://m.imgur.com/0BDK2JM) is my vote for Disco's greatest moment.
Caldwell was controlling most of the fight but wasn't doing a whole lot with his positions outside of a kimura that was deep.
I thought Darko clearly took that one.
Could always watch them on Highspots streaming service, they have a decent selection of PWG shows.
ROH really needs to stop running these big venues until they've created a demand for their shows again. They haven't recovered from losing everyone and should be back to running more 1000-1500 sized venues; if they had this crowd in one of those venues the visual wouldn't be nearly as bad.
He is, I find I dislike him on almost every level.
Ben Shapiro is Jewish.
Happy to have watched his whole career and while it's sad to see it end the way it did I'm glad he has the wherewithal to know it's time.
I also say bay-gle, not a fan of baggle.
While I can understand the reasoning behind wanting to run the bigger venue in the city I can also appreciate why they want to make a point to run the Sears Centre again; there's definitely a sentimental element to it and sometimes that's all you need.
It's some ingrained idea that conservatives in general are typically more fiscally sound because that was their MO once upon a time; however there have been mounting examples over the years of haphazard conservative initiatives which skewer pretty far from that idea.
Fuck What Culture, their channel is the epitome of low effort content.
They should have ignored it and not let themselves get worked up over a fan who nine times out of 10 they'd claim to not give a fuck about. Apparently the fan was spit on by Mandy too which if true is absolutely not cool too on its own, but then grandstanding like some holier-than-thou bad ass was pretty shortsighted for a guy like Bully Ray who has never been an angel himself.
&gt; If you plan to move somewhere and don’t take the time to research and factor in the climate there, that’s on you. This was the first thing that came to mind, like I can sympathize but at the same time that seems like such an obvious part of the process.
There's always room for a bit of boxing or kickboxing to go with our MMA, no need to be getting all bent out of shape.
I can't help but think if someone were to mention that to Trump he'd envision a wall of water resistant lesbians.
That's a cool link, thanks for posting.
I enjoy seeing these pics, I'm glad you're posting one from time to time.
Bellator could be a good fit given they actually have somewhat of a women's 145 division and her past relationship with Coker. Her and Julia Budd would be a fun fight.
Season 5 was by far my favourite season, made me a fan of Jens.
Misawa stuck around more because he felt the burden was on him to lead the promotion and if he stepped back the company and therefore everyone in it would suffer.
I had a bunch of these as a kid, most of them ended up stuck to the cupboard in our cabin.
196 with 270 total needed.
I wonder if his dentist is John Voight..
Teddy Hart mentioned Spivey was the guy WWE sent to pick people up for their sponsored rehab.
Glad someone is finally taking dipshits like him to task for the garbage content they keep throwing out there hoping for attention.
ROH needs to make some drastic changes creatively if they want to have any hope of rebounding from the steep decline they've seen this year; they have a solid roster of capable talent but behind the scenes guys like Bully Ray and Joey Mercury should not be gaining power at this point and Delirious should be transitioned out of any kind of lead role too or they will continue to lose ground.
While the news wouldn't be surprising if true What Culture should hardly be considered as a primary news source; I would wait until it spreads to more credible outlets before assuming it's legit.
Totally warrants being murdered.
Usually included with subscriptions to whatever channel is airing the content.
&gt; The fuck on you have to go through to get a good quality stream is a pain in the arse. Always such a pain for Bellator, even with several back-ups I would always run into issues; you'd figure it being broadcast on a sizable cable network would make it pretty straightforward. I find it funny it took Bellator to make me finally pay for an IPTV service so I could actually watch a reliable stream.
He likely will, they booked Marufuji pretty well when he had a slot so hopefully they give him a few wins and he puts together a solid string of matches so we won't care about the losses.
I hope now that they have a card featuring Moxley with some solid block matches and a Tanahashi vs Okada main event they'll be able to move a respectable amount of tickets in Dallas.
Me too, figured it was a joke for sure.
I'd prefer more of a sports structure personally, making the shows more independent with GMs, trades, free agency and drafting from places like NXT, Evolve and other affiliated indies instead of aimlessly swapping a bunch of people back and forth; but I know that's never going to happen.
Yeah I totally disagree, a significant amount of the AAA I've seen is garbage whereas I really enjoy a lot of the CMLL I watch; couple the quality disparity with the shitty owner Roldan and the fact that CMLL's values as a company align much closer to New Japan than AAA ever will and there doesn't seem to be any reason to change affiliation.
I wonder how many more times this is going to happen to him, where he shows us all how out of he touch he is, then realizes what he did only to try to walk it back and start again.
Kemp and Payton were my favourites as a kid and Hersey Hawkins too, but he was mostly because of NBA Courtside on N64, wouldn't be able to tell you how many times I heard "Her-Sey Hawww-kins" playing that game; but that's beside the point, upvote for Kemp.
While I agree he has a point about having quick turnarounds after 5 round fights, it is kind of funny to hear Rory complaining about having to fight too much after previously complaining about not being given enough fights.
Meltzer isn't spreading fake news, he's reporting what Davey Boy himself said in regards to his situation.
&gt;*Police spokesperson Sergeant Ray Kelly said high-definition security footage from Oracle Arena shows Mr. Ujiri striking the deputy with “two fists,” one of which landed “underneath his jaw on the left side of his face.”* still sounds like bullshit to me though.
Absolutely loved Max during his run, I'll never forget game seven or [this commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOrvdvczpEA)
Yeah this is starting to bug me when it comes to ROH, the empty seats really take me out of the show because I keep wondering why they aren't adjusting their expectations and promoting venues more in line with their current appeal; a lot of these recent shows would come off perfectly acceptable in a 1000-1500 seat building.
The Mousasi fight was broadcast on Channel 5 in the UK with the Daley v Silva fight being the main event of the DAZN/Paramount card.
There are tons. Tokyo alone can have all kinds of shows on any given day with venues like Korakuen sometimes hosting several shows a day.
You say that as if people trying to flee even worse conditions somehow negates the idea that these places are comparable to concentration camps.
&gt;According to Tamsin McMahon of TheGlobeandMail.com, the Alameda County Sheriff’s Office has released pictures to The Globe and Mail showing the altercation. The photos allegedly show that a crime was committed (by Ujiri). &gt;However, they are not allowing the publication to release the pictures to the public, because they believe it will interfere with the investigation as they may be pressing charges against Ujiri. This is the last I read about it.
I would definitely say Ospreay is coming off better in these exchanges.
He must have skipped the chunk of time he spent crediting them for the opportunity and making it clear he appreciated all it afforded him.
&gt; Raw is bordering on unwatchable more times than not. You're being way too generous.
Tekno Team 2019
Good, that shit was terrible and super cringey.
It's funny watching people *still* push this idea despite much of the information being corroborated and neglecting the fact that we know the dossier itself was *not* the sole catalyst for the investigation.
And a new Fight Pass idea is born.
The same kind that axed a GM after like a month in favour of the retiring back-up goalie with the huge pads.
Will wait for reputable source instead of the guy who thinks his posting about the XFL makes him an insider.
All hail the [Great Potato](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAjcMuZd1H0)
The big deal is the timing of the incident in relation to publishing a public service announcement warning against the dangers of drinking and driving; it would be the same reaction regardless of party affiliation.
They probably feel like they're being exploited for PR by an opportunistic PM, which wouldn't be hard to understand.
source?
he did, just like he did with another person shortly before who clearly didn't want any part of it but he tried to force it anyways because he needed his good PR.
I wonder how many videos we'll eventually see of him having to sheepishly waddle away from all these painfully awkward encounters.
It looks like he's filming a screen playing surveillance footage.
she doesn't have another arm.
This has always bugged me because I've always found World War I far more fascinating than WW II.
Not sure if it's still active but Rogers was recently going door to door offering 30 channel cable, landline and 150 mbps internet for $75/month; I opted to keep the 150 mbps internet I already have for $80/month which still isn't too bad.
I enjoy Bellator but this year was a tough one to follow with their all-over-the-place formatting, one show being split into two or three separate broadcasts is just hard to follow; hopefully they're done tinkering with stuff and will present a consistent schedule so we can at least settle into the way they're doing things.
DVR numbers are factored in separately but they are measured.
They don't assume everyone watches, you can tell plainly by seeing the total viewership for major sports broadcasts that a significant share of the television audience loves sports.
I highly doubt that factored into it.
&gt;"It infuriated me that he would call all the women who shared stories of his bold advances liars. I totally believe them. ...At least now I can joke that I could have banged the president — but I passed." The joke is in bad taste, particularly coming after her confirming a belief that all the other women are telling the truth; but I suppose not surprising.
No no, that was *Vance* Archer, totally different guy. Obligatory /s in case anyone thinks there's more than one massive wrestler with a tramp stamp.
This is the first year they're doing two + dash.
Thank you for reminding me I wanted to download some of his stuff.
His WCW run is one of my favourite comebacks; it was too bad it didn't last long.
If he was so influential his [life coach gig](https://www.fightful.com/wrestling/exclusives/fightful-exclusive-low-ki-s-webinar-did-not-make-much-case-his-self-improvement-courses) probably would have worked out better.
And the link posted above was published on Nov 4, 2016; a month after this one.
It can be pretty subjective based on who is using the term, but on its own it's generally a blanket term to describe a wrestler's body of work based on varying criteria.
The Democrats would deserve four more years of Trump if they let that happen.
Well there's no denying he's clearly an asshole; even if things weren't as perfect as you may have thought he at least owes you the courtesy of a proper break-up, especially since you lived together, that shit can really mess with a person's life.
Seemed more like the DNC *wouldn't let* Bernie beat Hillary.
Or at least give the illusion of choice.
It seems like every time I see one of these videos or articles they all find some way to involve or blame George Soros.
With the condition of being held in a cell if she fails to comply.
Can't do the cold plate, contains too many things I don't like to appreciate them.
Can't see how helping the 9/11 terrorists matters at this point after how they basically gave the Saudi's a free pass even though it's pretty much common knowledge they spearheaded the effort.
Thanks for the post, I'm always interested in the business end of wrestling, particularly Japan.
You sound like terrible people; the fact that it was for fun kind of makes it worse; beyond tacking on that he cheated on your friend after the fact to quell the unexpected backlash there doesn't seem to any validation in this for you.
I've been to bars where my ID was scanned upon entry, basically a log of who was in the building and when for reference if anything were to happen.
That was not a substantial response by any stretch, misguided and a bit ignorant, but not particularly substantial.
If there's anything someone shouldn't be doing it's trying to tell us how to enjoy wrestling.
I'm glad Cowboy is getting his payday, he deserves it for his years of relentless service.
Matt Taven just signed a sizable deal, Rush also got a hefty deal when he signed last year and PCO said his was one of the most lucrative he had ever signed; ROH is owned by a major media conglomerate so it's not outside the realm of possibility they're willing to make serious offers to the talent they view as essential.
I would classify main roster money as being at least six figures, $125-150k on the low end and seven figures on top.
To really condense it down Bret didn't want to lose to Shawn because on top of their already tense history Shawn had flat out said he wouldn't lose to Bret; Bret was willing to drop the belt to anyone on the way out besides Shawn and he had a clause in his contract for a degree of creative control which is what led to the original plan of a DQ finish and forfeiture of the title. The story has been repeated and diluted so much and there were so many moving parts it's hard to say with any certainty what exactly happened but the plan was made to double cross Bret and that's what they did. Vince immediately tried to frame it as Bret's selfishness when in reality Vince had allowed the behind-the-scenes situation between the two to come to a boil and essentially created the circumstances for everything that happened himself. When it came down to it none of the parties involved are innocent, but I've always been of the mindset that the burden of blame is on Vince's shoulders.
It's hilarious that Jon Jones still manages to come off like a dick even while trying to take the high road.
When the download is finished right click and open the containing/destination folder then double click the audio or video file.
&gt; but all this just comes off as petty jealousy. If it was unprovoked maybe, but Tessa got on her soapbox to complain about support while not holding herself to the same standard; if anything all of this has shown how little self awareness she must have.
It's cool ROH is actually managing to retain a lot of their top guys but it'll be more of the same until they finally start to change up how they're booking and promoting.
That would definitely be fitting, especially if they can stay together until one or both retires.
Her Goop brand peddles all kinds of products and advice based largely on flimsy pseudoscience.
There's no criteria you could come up with that he would meet to warrant an induction. Although I love the stories about him actually pretending to be the Undertaker in real life.
He did.
It's a story about a year old private conversation that quotes anonymous sources, none of which were present at the meeting in question and there's no substantiation, which makes it flimsy at best. The timing of it reeks of desperation because they slept on Bernie for too long and now he's building too much momentum as Warren fades; this reflects pretty poorly on Warren imo as her confirmation never shed any real light on what was really said whereas Sanders defense sounds plausible and could be twisted to suit this narrative.
She came out and said Sanders disagreed that a woman could win; it seemed like a deliberately vague confirmation, especially considering how adamant Sanders has been in his denial and it feels like this might backfire on Warren and could be another nail in her coffin if it doesn't stick.
Yeah, it really comes off as a desperate play and using four anonymous staffers to push it second hand really isn't a good look either.
Sanders accurately laying out what Trump would do is not him explicitly saying a woman can't win, no matter how badly you want to be able to frame it that way.
Project Veritas is one of the most laughably bad sources out there; basically clowns pretending to play politics, which is fitting because Breitbart is a laughably bad source consisting of clowns pretending to cover politics.
I had a lot of respect for Gabe once upon a time, but the way he's treated talent over the years has really illustrated who he really is.
Not surprising considering his physique and how he got it coupled with his style.
because the answers were irrelevant.
&gt; As a Sanders' presidency becomes a more distinct possibility the corporate media will stoop to even lower depths. Something like that has the distinct possibility of galvanizing people and turning it into a massive "us vs them" scenario which would likely be horrible for them.
&gt; asking him why he said what he said Asking him **if** he said what they **heard** he said would have been the way to ask; following his adamant denial by asking Warren why she thought he said what he did was ridiculous in its transparent bias.
would watch
That's what Inokiism was.
&gt; Not saying that's what happened here, but it doesnt look good. On who? Bernie wasn't trying some power play by offering his hand, if anything it's Warren who looks bad for so blatantly snubbing him.
I have asked for and been super excited to receive art for Christmas, this lady clearly loves talking out of her ass.
Walmart was absolutely blocked when I went on my lunch, everyone grabbing chips and pop; self checkout was lined up into the store.
Sportskeeda is not a legit source.
This is my biggest complaint, unable to make the trek to see the fights with the guys and no beers.
Thanks for sharing, reddit needs more unsolicited opinions.
Pretty sure he has a wife and two kids. &gt;and he spent most of his adult life in an industry where you're on the road a vast majority of the year This is a solid reason to not bother; if you aren't around anywhere close to full time there's no point to take on the burden of rent or a mortgage.
This is a ridiculous assertion; they are the jurors of this trial and to so blatantly disregard that responsibility for the sake of petty partisanship is reprehensible.
He was one the goalies whose cards I coveted back in the 90s, right up there with Daniel Berthiaume, Craig Billington, Kay Whitmore and Vincent Riendeau, not sure why, but I loved those middle of the road goalies.
Definitely. he's taken care of there and he's their guy whereas in WWE he's just another guy.
This was the first thought I had as well.
Seems they took her when they found her home alone and then came back the next week for the other two; although waiting a week doesn't seem like the most urgent way to handle suspected abuse.
None of the parole board's decision making process here makes any sense.
I doubt there's any official format but I would go with bys, b'ys or by's but definitely not bhys.
It's goals scored in international games, so goals scored in league play wouldn't count. She has the most goals scored of anyone representing their country.
Any time someone attributes news to a reporter at Sportskeeda it's just as well to stop reading; I did get a laugh out of their use of the word *"ace"* to describe them though.
It should be fine if you're going in expecting a decently produced indy show with a lot of young guys; shows like that can go either way but for the sake of trying something new it wouldn't hurt to check it out, especially if you can get a free trial like someone else mentioned.
&gt; The worst part about this is, if trump is not removed and barred from future office, nothing is stopping him from running in 2024 if he loses. Or 2028 if he loses again. He'll probably be dead or in some kind of gold plated assisted living facility by then.
Right? That logic is insane to me.
&gt; He looks like if your uncle tried to be AJ Styles This is pretty spot on.
Glad he's calling it a career while still relatively young; I was always a fan of his and particularly loved when he beat Caraway.
I think they gave it to Prichard.
Feels like it's been years since I've heard anything about Doris.
Now that they have guaranteed money on PPVs they're a lot less reliant on name talent to draw so they're playing hardball and not bending at all; might be doable but it won't be a good long term move when they have no stars and only moderate brand appeal.
WWE is cringe in the mainstream and working with AEW would appeal a lot more to his typical fan base anyways.
I forgot Rajah was a thing haha
The one above the tire looks like it's taking a shit.
I thought it was a cool idea too; I was glad I managed to get to see it in my town because we only had two showings total and I enjoyed it, but I'm a long time fan so I'd be hard to disappoint haha.
That was the first thing that popped into my head too; fair trade.
And now I'm an O'Malley fan.
Dude is physically shot; his quality of life is already pretty bad and only going to get worse over time.
I've noticed the lack of 'out for delivery' updates on my packages too of late, always goes from in transit to delivered usually after days without any update; currently have one due the other day but hasn't updated since Dieppe on June 4.
He was just caught up in an obvious conflict of interest managing fighters while serving as an executive in the company; [it's why he was let go.](https://www.bloodyelbow.com/2015/12/17/10443794/wsof-parts-ways-with-ali-abdel-aziz-following-conflict-of-interest)
The whole Kevin Nash X Division run is still my favourite thing TNA/Impact ever did.
Night and day. Where I live is experiencing a shortage and my guy who always had the best shit had to buy mediocre product for weeks and it was garbage because we had become so accustomed to the good stuff; last weekend he landed another batch of his usual and the difference was ridiculous. I was getting used to going to bed at relatively normal time but then one night back on the fire and I was wired for sound well into the next morning.
Obviously more testing will reveal more cases, stopping the testing won't reduce the cases it only prevents you from realizing the gravity of it; obscuring the numbers for stupid people won't stop the dead from piling up.
Usain Bolt
I dunno, I'd be totally happy with just Goldeneye, No Mercy, Revenge, Mario Kart and Mortal Kombat Trilogy; still play some of those today and my Genesis too.
I like this, upvote.
Gives me renewed appreciation for the Bose sound bar I got for my 10 year. Congrats on the milestone though, 40 years is impressive!
Feels like Smith is rushing back here, that last one was a rough out for him.
How do Ospreay's actions in a totally unrelated scenario validate anything Seth said in that context? Regardless of whether Ospreay is an asshole, Seth was still a giant tool.
He very strongly denied those claims on the Drive Thru, he didn't come off full of shit or desperate to twist the narrative and I believed him. He's an unabashed asshole for sure but not a coercive predator.
I still throw on Joe vs Necro at the ECW Arena every now and then, one of my favourite matches from my favourite time and still the only time I've seen someone power slammed on their face.
It's a great movie that requires no real investment in racing or cars; similar to Rush where the story and characters are very engaging.
If only Chikara wasn't dead.
Fuck that smug douche; glad he's finally done and not collecting those massive cheques. Can't wait until the suit fails and hopefully we get to hear all about his misconduct.
