/u/trollkitten /u/white_knight_radiant /u/singsongchai
Thanks!
/u/lady_of_the_foot /u/n8-disciple-of-foot
Emperor's New Groove. Join in if you want!
Who can do from 4 to 7pm EST tomorrow? /u/Trollkitten /u/SupremeEvil /u/Damacritus
It's looking like I can't find a time that works for everyone over the next few days. Not until the weekend, and then it's time for the next session anyway.
Yeah, on skype. TK can't do mornings, evenings are hard for others. We may have to wait until sunday.
I can't seem to find a time that isn't trouble for somebody. I could try to fit into one of the times that for someone are 'possible, but will muck up my home life', but I don't really want to do that.
It looks like we can play tomorrow after all, 4EST /u/SupremeEvil /u/Damacritus /u/Trollkitten
It has been known to happen.
I'll be honest. If he'd paid much attention to TPP, he would absolutely have been a Knight of B.
Actually following the Seven Strictures would make you an incredibly boring person, and the Outsider's gaze is most often drawn to those he finds interesting. So in at least that sense, yes. It does.
Better than a hand witch.
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/112/983/4d9.gif
Fennel is actually a major aspect in his evaluation of Flak's impotence. To quote a relevant line, 'Our Fennel is clearly the superior one'. He just didn't actively mention that, because saying it to her would probably prompt Flak to try and murder Fennel to prove her superiority. Actually, she already knows about Fennel, right? Why did Flak not understand what the Major meant by 'other Flaks'?
Asking for things is fun!
It seems it's probably going to be something of a 'let the aftershocks ripple.' session. And that actually sounds fine.
Even better: In French, De-Fenestre-ation literally means: The Act of Window(ing).
The next few hours will be extremely unfortunate for you.
The Major takes his seat at the table, little trace of the day's events left on his face. Tonight is going to be interesting.
The is a pause. "Sir, what the heck was that about?" "Not just now Karrl."
*An interesting name. Who is it for?*
*...you know, I should have seen that coming.*
*Yes yes, I was merely remarking on the irony of- never mind, how did you get this number?*
(quel?)
(Ah.)
*I'm not so sure about that. Call me a rank and they think I'm important. Call me an adjective and they think you're weird.*
Karrl seems really nervous for whatever reason. You couldn't really notice it before, but he's holding some sort of... envelope? He seems to be working up his courage.
With Marion and Tangeroid having left, Nonon eventually notices someone is looking at her. It's Karrl, who seems to be very nervous about something. He keeps looking up at her, and then back down at something in his hands.
(darn I missed it.)
(Up to you. If you want Nonon available for Marion Nonon can go ahead and notice later.)
(Okay. Not sure what to do in the meantime though. I'll think of something.)
*Major, if you please. What do you need?*
*what?*
:)
The Major reaches into their mind, but is very careful. The Randomizer may have given him mastery of this, but that doesn't mean he *likes* it. Strangely enough for a Lawful guy, he's always felt ill at ease with enchantment spells. They feel too much like control, like... something. He finds the name quickly, it being presented to him, and he does not dig deep. *ah*, he says, in recognition, before it is banished into the deepest depths of the mind, erased from thought, from memory and reference. The shape of it is there, but the word is thrown to the depths. The Major struggles with it for a moment, as something seeks to rear from them, but it passes. The name is gone.
*The true name you just had me erase. Don't worry, everything but the actual letters of the name should stabilize in a moment and you should remember why you're here. The Randomizer guaranteed me that level of skill.* He seems resigned to that.
*Thank you very much.*
*Perseverance, the purple soul, is probably the more accurate term. It involves weathering hardship and surviving. Determination is the will to Change Fate. She hasn't got a speck of that.*
(Yep. Quiet but good.)
(indeed. On another note, since there's no DVV tomorrow, do you think a game or three of Everyone is Red is a good idea?)
Sorry Supes, it's going to stay fortnightly for the near future.
(Cool, I'll make a post and ping everyone who seemed interested.)
Do you really believe your own hype that much?
Darn. Um, the chatlog will still be there, I could probably send it to you.
https://www.reddit.com/r/TTPloreplaycentral/comments/5mi9ye/inaugural_ttp_games_night_everyone_is_red/
Ah, okay.
EDIT: Game link is here: https://app.roll20.net/join/846077/Sc11YA. You may need to make an account to join- don't worry it's very fast. /u/Gioz2 /u/Lady_of_the_Foot /u/emoji_master
/u/supremeevil /u/damacritus /u/CanisAries (I know you said you couldn't but just wanted to double check.)
Aww.
Ah. Well the game's pretty simple, so here's hoping things work out.
Possibly, I'm not sure.
Space is alive?!?! And I missed two parts?! Yee Haw! This continues to be the best of things. I can't wait to see where they go next. Batter-! Batter has to interact with Mettaton... without killing him!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=001zrPzh6jE
*Where will you be when the acid hits?*
http://i.imgur.com/b6vxkFs.png
...But it Refused.
&gt;Maybe they're just not a good fit for categorizing systems like lanterns or undertale? I just want to point out how absurd that sounds out of context.
The Major is Green. Full stop.
[=)](/yellow)
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=QZdVn4FydEk
I think DVV should be running this Saturday. I've overcome the evil Writer's Block, now all I need to do is face the magnificent Dungeon Painter.
OI REMEMBA A ROIGHT GUD NAME. DEEZ BOIZ LOOTED A NICE KROOZA AN NAMED IT 'DA LOOTED KROOZA'.
When you have eliminated the impossible then whatever remains, no matter how implausible, must be the truth.
They're so dubious they could evolve a Porygon 2.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNPP0IND5u8
I figured but could not resist.
"Correction. You have *exactly* the right amount of enemies for that."
"Who said anything about living? You wouldn't last two seconds in the Mesozoic. The beasties around there don't quiet down once you give them a few lovetaps and throw a multicolored ball."
mad genius?
Yes. Yes yes yes.
If a tiger and an orangutan had a fight I would not be putting all my money on the tiger.
I'll probably regret this but why crateshipping?
Okay, most of my money. But not all of it.
No, I plan to. I just... need to find time.
...I mean, I can't say I blame you.
[What is Jeff?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9g3--WYH8SY&amp;app=desktop)
(Wait. Did i name one of the griffons Jeff?)
Superheroes aren't made to make sense. They're made to be awesome.
Yes, with the caveat that dark and brooding can also be awesome if done properly and in moderation. 'Came into contact with Radioactive Helium.' That's amazing.
When Frisk first lands in the flower patch at the beginning of the game, Chara's lingering essence is awoken. Their Determined nature allowed a wisp of what they were to exist- though less than spirit, less than the meanest ghost. Since Frisk's soul is also Determined, Chara could cling to it and regain sentience. In almost all worlds, They are merely along for the ride. They comment on things, and these comments show a character with a sardonic sense of humor, a strong sense of self-loathing, and an outlook that varies depending on the path you take. Remember the bag of dog food in Alphys' lab? In most Neutral runs, it is called half empty. In a Pacifist run, it is called half full. In high LOVE runs, it only reminds them of those who have been killed. And they find it funny. In the darkest timeline, by the time you reach LOVE 20, Chara and Chara alone has stripped away all remaining pretense that Undertale is anything but what it is- a game. Even Flowey's actions can be explained within the game- SAVING, LOADING, and RESETTING are all defined as things humans can do within the setting, if they are DETERMINED. Perhaps it's a form of magic, since we know from the intro that human wizards do exist in some form. And even when Flowey speaks to 'you', it can always be seen as actually speaking to Frisk or Chara. Even crashing the game makes sense in universe, as Flowey has taken control of the SAVE File. Chara's actions cannot. If you take the path of Genocide, if you rip Undertale apart and put it back together, from curiosity or maliciousness or a perverted sentimentality, if you stop treating its inhabitants like they are people and start treating them like they are toys, if you, in short, stop suspending disbelief in order to take every scrap of enjoyment you can from the game- then so does Chara. They and they alone speak to you unequivocally as a player. Through the power of LOVE, they have become the manifestation of stats, of destruction, of apathy. They destroy the world because the world is a game- they know it isn't real, they know it doesn't really matter, and they know they can do whatever they want. They destroy the world by changing the code. TL;DR: Chara can warp reality and do possessions because that's how Determination works, Chara can destroy the world because they can see the Matrix.
Are there any other Pearls I should know about?!?!?
http://imgur.com/2un1W4l
BOI MORK! DEYZ ALMOZT AS ORKY AZZ ORKZ!!!
Oh no, they're not innocent. That's what makes it so delicious.
I can hear the Mogolo in my head
I ain't even lyin' yo! HE JUST GOT DUNKED ON!
actually, um, nah.
NOHBUL EEETHERIUHL, WE HAVE LOST YUUU! WE HAVE LOST AAAAAAAAAAAALL!!!
'Sorry Magnus. The Custodes threw their armor away ten thousand years ago when the Emperor died, and now that he wants them out in the Imperium they need to-' 'If it means less oil slicks around here I'm fine with it.'
IT'S NOT EVEN SENTIENT YOU EAT GROX DON'T YOU NOTHING HERETICAL HERE WE'RE AS PURE AS THE DARK ANGELS YES INDEEDY
(slowly building WAAAGH in background)
http://i.imgur.com/hGJyYmI.gif
Anyone know the reference?
It's just a part of that whole Sparse Dogs/Dank Angles rivalry, you know?
This promises to be interesting.
The week after tomorrow.
Isn't that fourth one from TF2
Did they just have a seizure near the end of that description?
I'll bet White Diamond is a proponent of a strong national bank.
With this realization, I think Fennel is now probably capable of besting the Major in a straight mental fight. Though the Major does have a unique battle style, and Bardic knowledge would mix things up. It would certainly be a war of attrition, and could backfire without careful control.
Oh man it'd be cool.
:)
SUM A DA SKELLIEZ FOUND BITZ A DER OLD GAS BOSSEZ AND STILL WERSHEP DEM. DEYZ GOT ALL SORTZ NOW.
Not hard
☞✋☠☜ ✋🕯☹☹ 🕆💧☜ ✌ ☹✌☠☝🕆✌☝☜ ✡⚐🕆 👍✌☠🕯❄ 🕆☠👎☜☼💧❄✌☠👎📪 ☟⚐🕈 ✌👌⚐🕆❄ ❄☟✌❄✍
...I always mentally pronounced it Yin-ee-add. Am I a heretic?
Let it be known the planet broke before the Guard did.
Ah what fools these immortals be.
Hello Procrastinator.
The Major notices the wards activate as the scientist leaves, and then a moment later as a certain pile of icicles takes advantage of the slipstream. He quickly realizes that leaving Flak in the same extremely dangerous universe as they are currently exploring is a very bad idea, and heads down to the portal park. When he arrives, he may meet someone else... /u/redwings1340
Taking this opportunity to shamelessly plug Disney Villains Victorious the homebrew trpg system where all the Disney Villains won, and Cruel Network, its Cartoon Network expansion. Play in a world where Atlantis' mercenaries fight against the Sea Witch Ursula and the Immortal Pontifex Frollo faces the wrath of the Sorcerous Sultan Jafar, where billionaire businessman Xanatos researches the strange occurrences of the so called Oregon Triangle, or where Chris McLean cancels Camp Pining Hearts to the fury of Homeworld Colonial Regent Peridot. [Here](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0B8z4Cy1zaGU1R0ZMSlhlUnBobFk) is the Google Doc that leads to each of the expansions, and [here](http://s15.zetaboards.com/Villains_Victorious/forum/3174061/) is the forum where it continues to be developed. Everyone welcome!
"Flak has gone wandering off after some friends exploring Gensokyo. I was just about to go and... supervise."
"Hmm. All right. I could use some help." The Major opens his own pathway. /u/bytemite where would be good for us to join?
"Hmm. How is Bill doing?"
*Karrl, Simul, you're in change until I get back!* The Major sends as the portal closes. *Oh hey,* Moonslicer thinks. *Who prayed for serendipitous irony this morning?*
"Ah, that's good. How are things, then?"
"Oh dear. That is an X-M class issue."
*Aren't you... Aren't you talking to her right now?*
*That is your prerogative.* The Major says, surveying the area for the source of the telepathy.
"You'd think Caitlin would have figured some of this after the Cyrus debacle and warned them. You have no idea how embarrassed I am I ended up having to let a gambling teenager do my job for me."
"Aah. So when you say 'bad dream'..."
I doubt she could do much to us at the moment, but very well.
The Major, for what it is worth, conjures up some shadowform in preparation for whatever is needed.
(that's the name I just made up for the Shadowfell substance that Shadow Conjurations are made of, by the way. It's among the better options a bard has.)
"I understand. ...Sort of. The randomization has just sort of... shoved knowledge of mental magic into my mind. I could do this before, of course, but I've never enjoyed it. Now its one of my most effective powers."
"It changes class. In this case, I am now a bard, a master of illusions, mental enchantment, and not much else. Everything I can normally use is gone, and all I've gotten in return is sharper sword skills and a higher Reflex Save."
"I could already do illusions. There is hardly a spell I know now I did not before. And all of them are of a lower level. Oh what I would do for a Prismatic Spray, or even a brutish Meteor Swarm."
*I'd thought the information lost. How did you get out of Astrum?*
(What door is this? The answer is probably no)
"And you wonder why I don't take you seriously?"
*Mmh hmm. Stick around if you'd like, I think things are going to get interesting.*
(I didn't lock her there. I'm fairly certain I intended my words to act as a deterrent.)
"All right then. Probably wise."
"I apologize. If I were myself at the moment I could simply apply a bit of gravitic manipulation. This is textbook distortion."
(Of course. It's Terrific. Begets Terror.)
The Major smiles for some reason he doesn't understand.
(thank you)
"Onward and Upwards, then."
(Nope, I just wanted to know where to join in for the rest of the session.)
&gt; it's even worse than the guy in ancient Greece that died when an eagle mistook his bald head for a rock and dropped a turtle on it. I realize I'm a bit late here, but I wanted to note: This fact is used as a plot point in one of my favorite novels.
Darn it Moon Moon.
The Major gets that feeling of general foreboding again. We know the one.
What kind of a name is moon moon
My brain searched for 'Patriotic Australian Music' to play over this, and I realized I have none on file. I must remedy this.
Small Gods, by Terry Pratchett.
Here and now, we are alive.
Oh man that actually really works.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Va5_rn3vG3A
It was nothing personal. Just Bismuth.
U eyeballin' me?
NAH AINT YOOZ SEEN DA HOLOVIDZ? ITZ A TRICK, EEZ AKTUALLY A SKELLY IN DISGIZE.
Good to see you.
Hello again Bane. DVV is going well. The rest of 2016 has been ok, I'm in a new job and a new apartment that should last until May. Just saw Rouge One. I've been playing Pokemon Sun, up to the second trial.
An excellent darker take on the SW universe. The leads were pretty bland but the execution was skillful.
OI MET A REMEMBRANZER ONZE WAT SAID ALL DA COLAHS TUGGEVER WUZZ WHITE, AN ANUDDA WHUT SAID DEYZ MADE BLACK. SO WUN A DEM, PROBLY.
YOU WROTE THIS ONE, DID YOU NOT MAGNUS?
Just gonna put this here in^case^anybody^cares... https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0B8z4Cy1zaGU1R0ZMSlhlUnBobFk https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0B8z4Cy1zaGU1fjV5NkRtbzIxYVg0cHJNOWhZWmJOVU1nODdleTVEUl9vd3pNalZFV3p3ZEU
/u/trollkitten /u/damacritus /u/supremeevil
Yeah, I'm getting set. I'd suggested last session we planned on doing a movie instead of a game and that happened.
Movie.
Wuzzat
Ahhh, a challenge worthy of my skill!
Happy birthday!
Basically, matter antimatter pairs are hypothesized to be in a continuous cycle of mutual creation and destruction, and over time, some imbalance might be what caused the universe.
That is the face of a Lars who is still coming to terms that this is his life now.
We cool.
"I think I'll be staying with them, thanks."
Let's see. In the list of those who could handle it... Koya, Fennel, maybe Gator if he's not doing summat.
"Right. Is anyone else coming?"
Oh, Koya then.
*Considering the alternative? Yes.*
"Someone up there loves their irony, don't they?" *sigh*, "let's go."
The Major for whatever reason chooses to walk into the nearest wall and head there at his leisure.
The Major pokes his head out of the wall. "I'm not sure whether I want to stop this or not."
Is this anywhere near the wine cellars this time?
I left her in a cell?
"Well that was just rude."
Yeah, that sounds like something I would do for the time being.
"I suppose the next cell over is out of the question?"
"I suppose the Eyrie? I could do one of the solitaries but the man doesn't deserve that."
"Griffons, mostly. But the point is that it has cages."
"Twenty Seven point Six Six, repeating of course. Unless you meant day."
The Major nods appreciatively.
"Oh dear." The Major notes, knowing where this is going.
"Quite so."
"He needs to." The Major admits, shrugging.
Simul shakes his head slightly, and mutters something about 'blasted walls'. "Now then, do you have a moment to talk?"
"Excellent," he says, stepping off to the side, "but I'll see if I can be fast. Since realizing G was in charge of this abyssal plane, my perspective has been one of horror, disbelief, and general annoyance. In short, I'm here to play double agent. I'm in the military and I've already got a sub captain who I am *fairly* sure trusts me more than he does his actual boss."
"Funnel you any notable information I find, work my way into the military, undermine trust in G to keep society together, get a place at the negotiating table, get that madman somewhere I'm not obligated to listen to him." He says bluntly.
What was your last clue?
Simul looks over at the apparition. That's strange...
"Wishy washy. I can deal with that."
"Is there any technically true, apparently important, but in fact useless information I can insist on 'reporting' as soon as I 'escape'? Would give me a good excuse to avoid the battle."
Interesting. Simul tries to look a bit closer, if this is recurring he probably shouldn't ignore it...
I don't think your text program is working quite right.
"The current exact location of the tardis? I know G knows exactly where it is, but do his commanders know he knows, and does he know we know?"
"Predicting G is like herding cats. Drawn out, fruitless, and you're liable to be covered in hair by the end."
"Put someone in it and flip the switch maybe? At least, that should be your contingency."
"Hello?" Simul asks, tilting his head.
Can he pick up any other emanations?
"Oddly specific. You could try opening the Heart but don't send anyone who would mind going mad."
Doesn't exactly narrow it down.
Simul can't make much out of it. For some reason though, he feels like this is... important.
"Not really, I stopped watching after Smith left. It's not that I didn't want to give Capaldi a chance, I was just busy at the time and the change was the last little push I needed."
Depends on the ghost.
"Never mind, just dealing with the general insanity in my own way. I am a bard you know. We do stories."
"Yeah, do you have any idea what G actually wants?"
Appreciated.
"Then we're about on the same page."
"Or a specific spell card."
"Can't we destroy spell cards?"
*You're on fire today, really not dragon your feet.*
*You're going to keep wyrming these into the conversation aren't you?*
*pure gold.*
*Got about a 33.3333% chance I reckon. Better than we usually do.*
"Hold on hold on hold on. Are these Kappas? Like, Kappa kappas? Like the bowls of water?"
*that's be the brass ones.*
"That sounds uncomfortable."
"Clever and taking centuries to invent hats are not really commonly overlapping sets."
The Major pulls Simul's arm back down.
You get the sense Major is going to be telling that story over poker night, but he's fine with proceeding.
(Probably Brass?)
"You mean the antiteleportation?"
The Major does not quite manage to not look smug.
"Nothing but hurling force at it."
"What do you bench press?"
"Fair enough."
"Sadly, I am basically limited to illusions and mind control at this point."
"Yes. Though loathe as I am to admit it, hypnosis provides possibilities."
"It's a decent backup."
"I find this utterly ridiculous. This plan has more holes in it than a Dustox's wardrobe. It appeals to the most base of our foes' urges and take no indication of their higher thinking or ability to see past food. In short, I absolutely love the idea. How may I help?"
(We should probably continue this later, but yes.)
(It's all right.)
Yes.
/u/trollkitten /u/supremeevil /u/damacritus
/u/Gadzooks3 /u/bytemite
Sto*ry* time! Sto*ry* time!
&gt;but I'm like "prestidigitation". Ahh the joys of first level wizards. Sounds fun!
I, Cato Sicarius, am astonished an alternate mode of action had even been suggested!
Let me tell you the real value of prestidigitation at low levels: its your moneymaker and your magical wand of small kindnesses. Only lasts an hour? Doesn't matter much to the innkeeper whose water you just made taste like fine wine, or the peasant girl who now knows what its like to wear silk. Its appreciated by the magistrates whose robes you just cleaned, and the old man who just needed help reaching a small keepsake on a high shelf. Its your in with the small children you just entertained or the lost travelers whose fire just started. It is your spell of +1 to others liking you. A wizard who can't get creative with *Presto* in nearly any noncombat is a poor wizard indeed.
Yuss.
Wonderful.
Next you'll ask why we're not calling it a felinid.
"So, how many plans do we have between A; the cookie thing, and plan Inevitable; running around and winging it?"
"I suppose even being underwater cannot stop the current food truck craze."
"I've recently hurled a woman into and out of low orbit. I should be all right assuming things don't go too far out of control."
"I think of myself as more of an impartial overseer." The Major says, arriving from everywhere.
"I do hope it's the sea serpent sort. I find them very companionable fellows for the most part."
"Another one?" Karrl asks.
"Well he's a bit busy at the moment but I guess I could talk to him..."
"A fair few. Looking for anything in particular?"
"Oooooh, be careful with that. That's like calling a whale a tiger shark."
"Hello there. How are you doing?"
The Major snaps his fingers, and the two fall through the floor. "That was the fast way."
"The group is gearing up for a mission. We're trying to stop some factories that are making some nasty things."
"*E*specially if they're Plesiosaurs. Nessie is a glory hound these days, vain as Venus."
(Major is coming; unsure on Simul yet.)
Gator lands in the armory, surrounded by large racks on racks of tools. "Weapon of choice?"
(All right then.)
It's entirely possible that this is the freezer of ice cream the major keeps just in case he needs to contact a Bill quickly.
There is the sound of head-desking. "Why do you make my day like this?"
(I'm here, ready when the group is.)
Galos keeps his workstations impeccable.
"Well it's too late now." Karrl huffs. "They Major is leaving on the mission."
Karrl seems to think for a moment, then smiles off screen. "Yeeeeeee-ah. Yes I'll call Galos. Good idea."
There is a general shaking that presages either a minor earthquake or a very angry chef.
Simul and Major both shimmer out of existance next to each other.
"See no evil." Simul says. You can hear the grin. But not see it. Of course.
(do you want us to drop this then?)
The stomping is getting a bit louder now.
(Did you want to finish up the weapon thing first?)
"I'm fairly good at blather." A disembodied voice notes as he leaves. Or at least, you assume he left. Gaaah.
"And here... we... *go*."
(All right.)
(oh... huh?)
Major and Simul stay quiet nearby.
It is looking like the game will be taking place at our normal 2pm time on Sunday.
"That might well prove an issue."
Redwings says he's going to need to wait a bit.
Simul starts strumming, surrounding the area with a [**hypnotic pattern**](http://www.d20srd.org/srd/spells/hypnoticPattern.htm).
"Why didn't you tell m- us?" Moonslicer asks.
The Major is silent for a moment. "That is incredibly specific."
The Major sighs as he rushes back to safety. "So now what?"
"You don't remember lasers?"
"Argh!" The Major shouts aloud as he is flung bodily across the battlefield. Belatedly, he realizes... this isn't just another mind quest. Something in here... is attacking them. Moonslicer is equally disoriented by the blast. When she hits the ground, she only has enough cognizance to recognize the sound of battle, and consider herself needed. She flies off.
The Major's face hardens as he sees what's ahead of him. He's not going to play by the rules today. He turns **invisible** with a thought, and begins his journey. It isn't long before he finds an underground stream, rushing through the world. He approaches the figure on the riverbank, humming to itself. "Hello, friend. You know where I need to go." "*Beware of one who comes from other worlds.*" "Believe me... I know." The caverns are cold- wet- hot- it doesn't really matter. It's all skipped, sending him to cavern's end on an inexorable tide. --- Moonslicer rushes onwards. The ogre is probably evil- they usually are- but if she can get there fast enough, she can calm things down, she can set them on a better path- This seems to be the only thing that matters, for some reason.
^^Mediocre?
(That, Major will certainly grant.)
"Oh, um, all right, let me get him."
The Major comes onto the screen briefly, looking a bit busy but otherwise composed. "Hello?"
"How long is that?"
"She seems to have lost the source of her power when the Barrier was destroyed."
"Spartan. As safety was our watchword, I've kept her in one of the serious cells, for people who might actually be able to open a locked door."
"It was exceedingly up in the air, yes. I still expect Fennel to set her loose two days into confinement." "I'm considering a betting pool!" Karrl adds.
Hahahahahahahaha Don't be silly. Simul is going for one month because that's probably about how long it'll be before Supes' campaign starts.
He'll be right in his heart.
Flowey extrapolates it at the end of the Genocide run.
*Purification in Progress*
A great weight settles on Moonslicer. Having been too late is always a burden, but for some reason as she drifts closer, this feels... worse. Deeper. --- The cavern grows dark. There is no noise but the whispering of the wind. Then, a blinding flash of white, electric light. **"YEAHAHAHAHAHAHAheheheheheAHAHAHAHAHAHA"** "I'm sorry. I was weak."
Something looks. Something touches. This next bit... seems very... very... *interesting.* YEAHAHAHAHAHAHAheheheheheAHAHAHAHAHAHA
That... that's weird. It looks.... familiar. So... familiar... She looks closer. --- So many times. So many failures. He goes through the motions again, the closest he ever got. Good food, bad jokes, nice friends. It was... wonderful. But undeserved. At last... "...just give up, and let me win!" "I tried. But I'm not. It's time for the suffering to end." *crack* ...pq3 p@44!34 3@z b3z10g3b.
http://hs.hiveswap.com/ezodiac/truesign.php?SC=2&amp;SR=2&amp;AR=7 Yeeep. Just vague enough to make whoever gets it think 'oooh, that's so me.'
I can definitely see the virgo.
Moonslicer screams. --- Don't you have anything better to do? Major wakes with a start, but it is only into the next level of the dream. I might play the Inception noise, if it weren't seven years late.
Through the horror, through the realization of where she is, what she's seeing, she feels... something.
It's just sort of... faded from importance. Odd.
*No.* Moonslicer thinks in a single instant. Shades of the past are blown away in the understanding of the now, and the knowledge that she can, and will, stop this.
The Major blinks his eyes as Moonslicer tears out of her illusion, soaring towards the Scientist. Soaring, soaring, reaching... [Reaching.](https://78.media.tumblr.com/a58485eed2922d7eca9c92b3ad9a96da/tumblr_mqcum89c9D1r93b19o1_1280.jpg) *As I dispersonalize, I taste a real life-*
Moonslicer has basrely a moment to take stock of her form, her sword that is herself rising up into fighting stance immediately. The Major stands. "What are you?"
Simul is lying upside down on his bed, head dangling over the foot. He strums a few, aimless bars on his guitar, continuing to stare at the egg.
"No."
Moonslicer digs her heels into the ground, planting herself against whatever might be coming. The Major raises his hands, and prepares himself to react.
I can't totally remember now, it was all very melodramatic. There was a lot of cursed forgings and alloyed abyssal ores and defiled silver and occult sacrifices. Really over the top.
heheheheheheheheh.
Moonslicer seems to shift back, uncertain of what to do, but Major strides forward, face resolute and eyes burning with resolve. He takes the flashing reality not just in stride but with vigor- with every change, the Major snaps into response with a counter strategy. Existence flashes by so fast you can catch the barest glimpse as reality changes. **Contact** **Convince** **Cajole** **Convert** **Control** **Conquer** **Crush** ... **Kill** **Kill** **KILL** **KILL** **KILL** *And far from the pacifist you believe I exemplify* *I am the fury, I am hypocrisy* *I can sing higher, soaring disbelief* *The day I take control-* *The day you'll believe in me.*
Moonslicer swings defiantly at the vague figures around her, fighting against the swelling tide. The emotion seems to drain from the Major, but he doesn't stop. Every permutation of reality brings new and worse strategies, the barest glimpse of which fills you with dread.
The Major doesn't even blink, but Moonslicer immediately rushes to interpose herself.
When the shadows stop moving, you can see the Major tilt his head. He stops what he was doing- dodging, flipping violently around- and seems to be listening to something. On the very edge of existence, you think you can just hear- "Just... and, well... my job will be... lot easier."
Moonslicer pushes forward, knowing now not to fight, but resolute, one with her purpose, that the Scientist will not die. Recollection flashes in the Major's eyes, and he falls slowly forward onto his knees. Another whisper passes on the static. "If we're r... n't come back."
It is only as her power fails that Moonslicer realizes- she cannot force a revival now. They're failing their save- what can she do, what can she do, oh *why* did she have to get something as useless as Nature lore- The Major rises unsteadily to his feet. "We're... in the mind... ideas, metaphors... have power." *What does that mean?* Moonslicer thinks, her head in her arms. Her... head... in her... arms. *It's worth a shot.* She decides, and with as much might as she can muster- *HUUUUUUUUUUGSSS!*
Because they elected a president. Like it or not, these people have numbers and in a democracy, even one plagued by low turnout and electoral gerrymandering, that means they have power.
"Oh thank the gods." Moonslicer says, putting her newly-found back into trying to help him up as well. The Major shakes his head groggily, but Alice's shrill breaks him out of it. He has a reputation to uphold, and in any case he is, as they say, pretty done right now. "I could kill you in seventy-six ways in the time it would take you to blink."
There is an odd sound as two sighs are held back at the same time. Still, things went better than could be feared.
(Eh. It's not like the Major actually considers her a threat.)
/u/trollkitten /u/supremeevil /u/damacritus
Major- has nothing else to say. Karrl- possibly noting he's in a relationship with Nonon.
[OI FINK OI GOT JUST DA FING.](https://1d4chan.org/wiki/Deffwotch)
GET LOST YA GIT, OR I'LL SHOW YOU SUM AKTION!
As far as I can tell it was pretty much a lie. It's certainly never come up again.
Good start. Summaries are great. I'm treating the whole Major-memory debacle as quasi-canon at best, since it really wasn't my idea and never came up again.
Oh! foolish me- Major will have gotten his wizard powers back by the time of your campaign, and karrl has moemonized, though he's thankfully not as small as he could have been. That'd be creepy.
¯\\_(ツ)_/¯ https://media.giphy.com/media/xT5LMVuasYhETDlxkY/giphy.gif
I will be volunteering for MLK day, so I'll be absent as well.
He understands.
Always the funnest parts
Yeaaaah, train station may work less well when you move from 'unconfirmed sighting' to 'active shooter'. Glad to see Karrl's intuition wasn't wrong.
I mean, it's not like they get angry if you don't give them whales. They're not unreasonable. Just get happy if you do.
The Major steps forward, putting a hand on their shoulder. "Wait."
The Major closes his eyes, and concentrates for a moment. You feel a rush of energy, almost... searching for something "It is gone."
"No. You don't understand. It wanted to destroy you. When you accepted it, allowed it into yourself, chose to not fight it, it recognized itself as... you. Moonslicer stabilized you against it, and so it... it destroyed itself."
The Major coughs. *...well,* Moonslicer interjects, floating slightly off the ground. Let me see if I can still- there is a flurry of movement. [*Oh. Oh wow.*](https://78.media.tumblr.com/a58485eed2922d7eca9c92b3ad9a96da/tumblr_mqcum89c9D1r93b19o1_1280.jpg) *Yes, I guess I can still do that. That's.... wonderful.*
*This... new... form, I guess?* She says, swishing about experimentally. *I can still float, that's good, was used to that...*
Major and Moonslicer look at each other. "What?"
Major pauses for a moment. "How many... fingers am I holding up?"
"Errrrrr...." *Can you not... see?*
"...how many spirals does it have?"
"For the first time in decades, I have a reason to visit my optometrist."
*Have you ever had glasses?" Moonslicer asks.
It's been revealeeed
(Makes sense.)
I'm going to be busy at 12, not sure exactly when I'll be free. Fell free to go without me, or wait for later in the day.
*Who needs arms with legs like these?*
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6-BXtyrO-U
We still going? https://www.rabb.it/Arathnorn
/u/trollkitten /u/damacritus /u/supremeevil
/u/Bytemite /u/Gadzooks3
You realize the irony here
"I am your wife!" No he's the Emperor's wife.
Nice job.
Then why did they manage to organize a collective and far in advance response to the destruction of the Earth?
Thanks for letting us know!
Aw, crud I totally forgot. I'm sorry supes I don't know how active I can be, my brother's in the hospital.
/u/trollkitten /u/damacritus /u/supremeevil
Sometime on Friday might work if there is a time everyone can make.
*Ahem* [BEIHNBLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADDDDEEEE!!!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpBngmCpUrU)
Do you mean tomorrow? I'm getting pretty packed. A split session might work but it does look as though we're going to have to look at next week. Also, I will admit that pretty much all of my prepared material is on top of that mountain. Those going with Yzma has basically got an extended conversation and a setpiece.
All right.
Sadly I'm only going to have about an hour free today.
I apologize dama but my brother is currently recovering from a major surgery and I've been extremely distracted recently. Setting this up would normally be my job.
I might be able to do some time tomorrow, before Supes'.
The time just cleared up. All right, I think I can do that. Could you ping people?
All right.
Are we continuing from this post?
*Remain Calm. I will raise the alert.*
No, just really bad at remembering... anything.
Well that's convenient. Mildly disappointed but not particularly surprised there seem to be no safeguards, the Major walks in.
Hullo
&gt; band together against those who would resist fate. Just as Planned!
"Convenient. **True Seeing**."
Er. That might be difficult. Most of the portals don't really... stay open. What sort of idiot leaves open portals to other universes lying around his house?
~~Reminds Major of Cuthulu. Maybe he should invite Amber over some Poker Night.~~
(That'd be fine)
(I mean I suppose they could have always used the Sigil portal. That one stays open because it's one-way. Mind you, that portal requires you to jump off the island. Normally that's not possible but I have a feeling that machina and flak aren't keyed into the emergency griffins.)
"All right, more or less everything as I expected it. Let's do your part first, I've got a fair amount to talk about."
"Thank you. I'll have Karrl send you more direct contact information, I have a feeling that is going to be important."
"Of course. I was the one who kept the first Kalosian revolution from starting a fourth."
(Btw any current threads I'm missing I ought to be looking at?)
"We're going to have a working relationship. I can spare time for this."
"Ah, memories. But that is beside the point. After some effort, I've managed to form a clearer picture of the group who kidnapped Giratina." The Major goes on to explain most of what he knows about the Supreme Evil.
"I'll be here. I'll be doing my job. But I need you to be vigilant. Here." The Major says, pulling a pair of plain polished rings out of his pocket. "Seeing Stones. Fabricated to see through illusions and shapeshifters- at considerable expense. Don't lose them."
(Oh I'll be going through all of it later, I just wanted to make sure there's nothing I needed to keep the pulse of now.)
"Now, this brings me to my next point. What are your positions on... Streamer's recent activity."
I think if you give it a few dozen coats of Agrax Earthshade it might be salvageable. Just need to work on the detail.
The servant pauses for a moment as it pulls information from its noosphere. *The Major has indicated you as an individual who can make that decision. He is currently housed in the Azyr Tower.*
Yep! Second half might have to go faster though, really should get back to astrum.
Dude, you have two new seasons. Exponentially better than the first. Go watch them. They're amazing.
The good old days...
PANZEE IZ DA PERFERED FORM A POITEE-EARED DEZE DAYS. YA GOTS TA BE POLITIKALLEE KORRECT.
NAAAAW DEYZ DA FISH EADS.
Oh boy we are deeeeeeeep in the hiatus now
In Dungeons and Dragons, it is possible to cheese it so that you have infinite reach. You can attack anyone on your plane of existence at will.
Unfortunately that exploit was patched about a year ago, and theocracies can no longer make their head of state a general. Worst update ever if you ask me.
Mostly by an exploit in Master of Many Forms that lets you make feat gains permanent. You need to be draconic though, which is why hilariously, the technique is most often performed with Kobolds.
"...You have no idea the mess your attempted masterstroke has landed you in."
"All right, fine." The Major says, the ghost of a frown echoing across his face. "As you do not wish for this knowledge to become public, I will maintain your confidence."
/u/trollkitten /u/bytemite /u/damacritus
/u/gadzooks3 /u/Supremeevil
All-Terrain includes Dragons.
At this point, I'm mostly interested in making things make sense. For me personally, the problem was that the things we'd been told about the situation and what Streamer was doing just didn't match up with how the populace was reacting, to the point that it broke my suspension of disbelief. 'Nobody cares that god just performed a coup' just fell way too far down convenience for convenience's sake for me to keep going. I don't know if you want to alter things so that Arceus' pronouncements were less severe, or the public reaction is more panicked, but I couldn't work with the game when 100% of the players go 'that is crazy, this can't be happening, we have to do something' and 100% of the NPCs go 'eh, theocratic dictatorships are fine'.
Darn it Lion we disproved that
Got it.
Well that's going up everywhere.
Oh. Hello. Didnt expect to see you here. Good story.
Istanbul*
Wait why did I get downvoted for a Might Be Giants reference
The name change wasnt even an Ottoman thing
Hahahahaha
I know /r/CrusaderKings is cheating, but this is so special I really feel like it deserves /r/nocontext.
He was a prince, not a king. Probably not even the heir.
Is that you my Emperor? You look a bit more... blurry than usual.
While the physical image of santa in his red suit is an advertising affectation, most of the modern ideas about santa (as compared to European figures such as Sinterklass or Father Christmas) were based on L Frank Baums 1902 book The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus.
I should note that there *are* warp reflections of planets- worldsouls. You can find them on psychically active planets such as Maiden Worlds or (probably) Fenris. Since they are tied to the concept of a specific location, they are relatively anchored, and so despite basically being reposing demons they are not always absorbed by the chaos gods.
You're an excellent Napstablook
&gt;CHAOS CHAOS [I knew I recognized you from somewhere!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ha2wi_2yw2g)
Well thats a rare pupper indeed
Alter self, charm person, charm monster, armor of agathys, arms of hadar, detect/dispel law/chaos, dominate person, bane, entangle, ensnare, evard's black tentacles, feeblemind, frostbite, giant insects, grasping vines, hallucinatory terrain, hunger of hadar, hypnotic pattern, investiture of stone, maelstrom, mental prison, mindblank, mislead, polymorph, primal savagry, shape water, spike growth, suggestion, thorn whip, wall of water, water breathing, water walk, watery sphere, banishment, beacon of hope, bestow curse, choas bolt, chill touch, conjure fey, control water.
&gt;SKARBRAND WILL STAY IN THE DOORFRAME. HE HATES IT SLIGHTLY LESS **SKARBRAND HATES BEING MISQUOTED**
SHALALALALALA
Also, I found this as where we left off. Seems Major has a pretty clear in.
The forbidden magic of Diplomancy has been declared heretical for over 23 centuries.
Wildfires are a natural part of any ecosystem? What? Not every ecosystem? Are you sure? I think I will burn it down just in case.
The Culture might be able to, if you count 'Ground what ground, there is no ground anymore' as Ground Combat.
Needs an 'Orders, sir?' in the middle.
https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/024/574/Screen_Shot_2017-11-06_at_12.41.31_PM.png
It's very good for impressing people, but without a means of creating Spellweaving Spell Focuses, it's not reproducible. The Major certainly wouldn't want to give him one, so it's an open question how he could do that...
For convenience: https://2img.net/h/s21.postimg.cc/e4t4rr5wn/Ransei_map_with_paths.jpg
Hey Gio, gonna see if I can provide a rough overview of the characters you're likely to see from me. Most old, some new. The Major: You know who he is. A wizard of exceptional power and restraint, the Major acts as a guardian for Pokearth as part of the multiversal organization known as Chimera. He is slow to rouse and cautious when using his power, but he does occasionally make exceptions for friends. He considers himself close friends with the scientist, and has been tutoring Fennel and Gator in magic. Major plotlines for him include continuing magic lessons with those interested (possibly including Nate's character Davis, as I believe there were plans for him and Major to meet in SSS), and to deal with any extraplanar threats that might arise, potentially involving Chimera in a greater (any) capacity. Karrl: A shy and nervous Kakarrablast pokemon who serves as the IT intern and general tech support for Major, whose technical knowledge is sometimes lacking. While he still has his stutter, he has recently engaged in some degree of character development, managing to shout down Lasergator before also saving his life. He randomized himself into a more human form about a year ago for complicated reasons, and has been adjusting to it. He has also started dating Dama's character Nonon, though I am not sure how relevant that will be. Karrl is unlikely to have any active plotlines, instead acting as a screen for those looking to contact with the Major and interacting with those residing in Astrum. However, if someone or something he truly cared about were threatened, he could find himself rising to the occasion. Moonslicer: Moonslicer is a magical sword that has been enchanted with the spirit of a ghostly paladin who made it her mission in life and beyond to convert those of other alignments to Good. She currently spends most of her time around the Scientist, and the rest of it near the Major, who she has something of a crush on. She likes children, smiting evil, and cheesy musicals. While she is capable of utilizing a more humanoid form, she usually just looks like a sword that floats under its own power, with a large, Honedge-like prehensile tassel. She is mostly likely to become involved with whatever plots the Scientist joins, as well as dealing with her own misgivings about being on the mortal planes again (her faith considers Necromancy evil, and doing anything other than her duty tends to cause her considerable guilt.) Simul: Simul originated as a Simulacrum, a weaker, magical copy of the Major who he was using to investigate a far-off plane. When his bond with the Major was unexpectedly severed, he took on a mind and personality of his own. So much so, that he ended up multiclassing, and is now a Wizard/Bard. He looks like a much younger version of the Major. He is often laid back and cynical, because being a Bard means recognizing the narrative tropes that control reality, and his inability to escape them. He's genre savvy and often frustrated by the tune he and everyone else must dance to. While he still has the Major's own desire to help others, he is a lot more reckless and freespirited in how he does it, and can be a little hotheaded. His relationship with the Major had been strained for a while, but they have recently come to accept each other and Simul now has good, if slightly awkward, relations with his 'dad'. Simul is unlikely to make a major appearance in this campaign, but he might appear briefly.
Spoilers: Ardeus is Ralsei shaped.
Yes, but the only way for Major-style Vancian magic to work is to bully and distort the local magical field into one that looks like the Major's home plane. You need a special item for that; Gator can't use magic without his Sword-focus.
Yeah, um. When we first did those story posts of the Major teaching Fennel magic, we were in Astrum, and I had already established that Major's magic only worked because he warped Pokearth's natural laws to allow magic. I just assumed you would realize that meant it didn't automatically work outside of Astrum. It wasn't until Gator asked for magic explicitly so he could use it in Pokearth that I started thinking of ways for other characters to use magic there- that's when I came up with the spell focus. ...I am only just realizing that I was probably not clear enough on the local uses of magic, and then just didn't notice when Fennel cast spells in places she shouldn't have been able to. So... choose what you'd like your focus to be, I guess?
Seriously though, its canonical fact that Streamer decided to make a self-portrait *continent*. Have you ever heard of a god that conceited? It's a new low from my perspective.
its from this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-9XSiNfgk0
I heard the Seinfeld sting
Should be posting the RP later this week. Certainly before the game starts.
Abé wakes, the morning like any other. He rises, washes, and prepares to receive the steady flow of pilgrims. When the day's work is done, he stops the last visitor before they take their leave. "I am to begin a journey soon, and I may be gone for some time. If there are any who would ask desperate aid of my presence, let them come to me now."
"Very well. I shall leave parchment upon my door. If there is one in grave need, tear it apart over them. It shall suffice."
"Thank you." With that, Abé turns, and prepares for the journey.
(sure)
As he passes through Illusio, Abé sees a man standing atop a hill. nearby to the road. "Ho there!" the onmyōji cries as he walks slowly up the hill. He is a young man, dressed in the garb of a traveling scholar or hermit. He is clearly learned, but youth is obvious about his face. He has a strong jaw, and dark hair, but his features give no clue as to his homeland. "Greetings, -san. Do you know where I might find lodging for the night?" /u/bytemite
(Abe is for now on other paths.)
"My thanks. My journey is not overlong, but it will be made shorter by good rest."
"Ah, you are kind -san. May I have your name?"
"I am Abé, no Seimei. Of late I have found myself amongst your borders."
"Mmm. These are interesting times in which we live. I do what I can. but one such as I am merely a watcher to all such things."
"Exhibition?" Abé asks, a hint of curiosity in his voice.
"A worthy goal, my friend. I hope you find it. Though I have always held that solutions find themselves in the most unlikely places."
"I will bid you goodnight then, and safety upon those travels."
How else is he supposed to figure out where to deliver the mail
https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5474237/1/40k-ToyHammer
You had no idea how literal you were being
What I don't understand is why people are acting like this is new or somehow surprising. Pokemon was incredibly innovative and clever on release and has spent every year of its existence from then on changing basically nothing. Outdated graphics, mechanics, and nostalgia-based business models have been the order of the day for decades. If people aren't ok with that, why are they only speaking up now?
In the early medieval timeline of Canticle the world is still too primitive for reliable ocean travel to be a thing. Occasionally travelers will make it across, but not enough to create a trustworthy picture of the old world's state. Factor in the Papacy's vested interest is to be seen as legitimate and the ends of forging and falsification they would likely be willing to go to, there is probably no clear answer as to the fate of old Rome. By the time modern civilization rears its head, the new Papacy will be entrenched enough to continue even if a successor to Peter still calls Rome his seat.
(It looks like Byte can't make it tonight. I'll try and get in contact with them to see if I can just move our characters ahead to Nixstorm.)
(Has gator set up any wards or defenses around the presentation?)
Indeed, the man did travel with you, but parted ways after you arrived. Strange, he said his goodbyes, you turned your head for a moment, and he was vanished amidst the throng.
Well you see, while many imagine some fundamental disagreement between the Imperial Cult and faith in the Machine, they are in fact quite reconcilable. You see, the Emperor is universally regarded as a god who took human form to lead his chosen race of humanity to the glory it deserved. The creed of the Omnissiah, likewise, posits and has posited since the age of Old Night the emergence of such an all knowing figure who would, as an embodiment of the Machine God, lead mankind back into the embrace of the Holy Omniscience. In this way, machine spirits are no different from the wolves of Fenris or any other local variation of the Imperial Creed. Now, some complications can arise from the broadest understanding of the Machine God, the Omnissiah, and the Motive Force, the three who are one, but this can quite easily be cleared up if one simply... *Techmarine Themas Aquinas would continue to ramble in this vein for six standard Terran hours, terrifying multiple chapter serfs in the process. At the end of which, following the imbibition of over 30 mugs of Fenrisian Ale, he lapsed into torpor. This vox recording to be filed and classified in Deathwatch datastacks in accordance with Inquisitorial Decree Number 1456....*
"That is because you, Baldrick, being the unpleasant leavings from the heel of a Grox, are entitled by your wealth and merit to a flashlight and a cotton vest. I, on the other hand, am the moderately pleased owner of a hot shot laspistol so rare that a Forge World Magus would give his favorite toaster for seven minutes in heaven with it." "Not that it matters in any case Baldrick, as I will be using none of this weapon's primary functions to grant you the 'Emperor's Peace' you are so undeserving of. A single charge of this laspistol is worth more than you, your progeny, and quite possibly your entire Hive complex."
The fact that it won't happen, and that if we want to be happy we need to make peace with that and find a way to be happy with whatever we do get from life. The more we rely on old memories to supply our happiness when things change, the fewer new ones we will have.
The internet wasn't different. We were different.
You can still see part of the link on some sites if you click and hold
Simul pauses for a moment, folding his hands together, apparently deep in thought. "I assume that you heard my conversation with young Kado-san." He ventures at last.
He pauses for another moment. "The one who sent me here has an understanding, with the League. They wish to control any access the outside has to Ransei. My presence here does not, technically, violate the letter of that agreement. Nonetheless, if the League were to become aware of my presence, it could cause things to become... complex." "This Gator is known to the one who sent me here. He is considered... indiscreet."
'Abe' shakes his head. "No, his goals are his own. Though I cannot deny my sympathy for them."
He nods. "I am here to build trust and prove goodwill. My father has no design upon Ransei except that he be allowed to fulfill his duties within it. I have been sent to prove that."
Simul nods in acknowledgement. "It is my hope that this will prove to the many warlords that I come in a spirit of peace and goodwill; a task that would otherwise have proven difficult, considering the actions of the League."
"Ah, perhaps I was not completely clear. I am somewhat... concerned about whom Gator might speak with, if he were to learn I was in Ransei. I imagine you've had as much experience as I have with him. Do you think him likely to speak loosely?"
"Hmm. Interesting. Nonetheless I... wait. I might have a solution."
The are a few muttered verses and gentle hand movements, and soon enough the face in front of Ranmaru is different, though still reminiscent of the original. "I cannot maintain this for long, but it will perhaps suffice."
There is something... familiar, about the man in front of Gator. Familiar, though he can't immediately place it. "I am Abe no Semei." The man says. "Lasergator. I am pleased to make your acquaintance."
Abe meets the handshake after a hesitant moment. Odd. Perhaps its uncommon in Ransei? "Likewise. I only hope I have helped people in some way."
He nods. "Perhaps. It was not I alone who accomplished this."
If Chin the Conqueror had succeeded in his goal of unifying the Earth Kingdom and not gotten punked for bothering Kyoshi, the Earth Kingdom might have been more unified and capable of expansion. Its sheer size, inability to bend when on water, and other factors would have made it hard to do so however, similar to how China in historical periods often went into periods of isolation and internal focus when its territorial reach exceeded its ability to govern effectively.
"I am winging it, Gator-san." Abe simplifies. Something odd about that...
Abe lifts an eyebrow questioningly.
"Indeed, but I do not know what could be done to prevent it. The League, to my knowledge, seems hopelessly incapable of a meaningful dialogue, and I am to understand that Ginchiyo is somewhat... resolute in her decisions."
"I would prefer a solution that avoids war, if I can manage it. Enough warlords united in defense would certainly ensure their mutual survival. I imagine that Spectra, after its own events, will be amenable, but that still leaves open the question of what can be done for Violight."
Abe thinks for a moment, then nods. "If you are asking me to carry this missive, then I will bring it to her, though I can make no promise of how she will take it. Nonetheless, I will do what I can."
"elec-" He begins, then shakes his head. "I assume you will provide a copy of these missives yourself, so that she may see Ranmaru-sama's seal."
The World Engine was a world cracker too, and I think the Blackstone Fortresses could manage it as well if fully online.
It's a meme you dip.
It's an extremely famous short, it gets referenced all over the dang place.
You underestimate their power
You're thinking of *Calm Down, Stalin!*, a similar but distinct topic.
That Centurion was I! *helmet flies off* Rogal Dorne!
You laugh now, but when your army is all out of beans...
Basically life sucks, there's only war, and you're probably gonna get eaten by Tyranids. Have fun.
I don't think its this specific model, but if you want 40k style bling machines I recommend checking out [this site](https://wargameexclusive.com/product-tag/transport/). Fair warning, some of their models are unfortunately nsfw.
Drusselstein.
R5: Hebridean Canada
Formed by *The Isles*?
