I'm not comparing the quality. I'm just saying this film isn't changing every single aspect of the character like Catwoman did.
That's fine. I understand that's the general consensus of BVS, but the majority of critics and casual movie goers who hated the film didn't hate it because it wasn't faithful to the comics (Mostly because we nerds are tiny part of the world). If They didn't like the movie because they just thought it wasn't good. I've also noticed that many MCU fans praise Marvel for being very faithful to the comics even though they have also made major changes (Remember Mandarin?).
I never like the mini series actually. It wasn't scary at all and was pretty poorly acted (Aside from Tim Curry). It was just a really boring ABC TV Movie.
Personally, Avengers Infinity War isn't my most anticipated CBM of 2018 (I am excited to see it, but also have some concerns). I'm personally more excited for Deadpool 2 and Venom.
I'm disappointed that the X-Men will become just like Homecoming and Agents Of Shield season 1 and be crammed with non stop MCU easter eggs and references.
I thought the first one had a good script. Sure it had some issues like Peter giving up searching for Uncle Ben's killer and some important Dr Connors scenes being cut, but overall I liked the scripts.
Sam Jackson said he wasn't involved.
He didn't like Rogue One and likes Lady In The Water. Not exactly popular opinions.
He's going to start reviewing more pre 70's films next year.
As a movie fan, I usually don't care if the movie is like the source material (Unless they go to far like Catwoman and change every single aspect of the character). I didn't go to the theater to listen to someone read the comic. I came to watch a movie.
This film actually has a lot going for it. It has the Zombieland director, the Saving Mr Banks writer, WETA doing the FX, the choreographers from Logan, John Wick, and Baby Driver handling the action, a great and selective cast that includes Tom Hardy, Michelle Williams, Riz Ahmed, Jenny Slate, Scott Haze, and Woody Harrelson, and it will be an R rated action/sci fi/horror film based on The Lethal Protector comic series.
H2 is one of the worst pieces of garbage I've ever seen.
Well considering that Marvel hasn't done a good job with the MCU Spidey (IMO), I'm glad Sony is trying something different with films like Venom and Into The Spiderverse. And aside from Spider-Man 3 and Amazing Spider-Man 2, Sony has done a great job with the franchise. The first Spider-Man really helped CBM get to were they are now, Spider-Man 2 is considered to be one of the best CBM ever made, and the first Amazing Spider-Man was a well done reboot that was received well by critics.
I'm serious. They gave us Spider-Man, Spider-Man 2, and the first Amazing Spider-Man. All really good/great CBM that were well revived by critics. And this Venom film has been attracting major (And in some cases) selective talent.
Dude, when they first announced this version of the Venom movie, I was like many of you and hated the idea. How can you possibly do a Venom movie without Spider-Man. However, that was before we really knew anything about the film or who was involved. After hearing that it would by an R rated sci fi/horror film and that Tom Hardy would play Venom, I changed my mind about this film. Look, you might be right. This movie could end up sucking. That's very real possibility, but until I see it for myself I really believe in this film because of all the talent involved.
Considering New Warriors was dropped by Freeform, I don't have a lot of faith in it.
No (And I love the first 3 films. Indiana Jones is a hero to me). Harrison Ford looks board and tired, Shia LaBeouf swings around with CGI monkeys and almost passed the torch to him, they decide to throw in aliens, they waste Cate Blanchett's talents, and they made Indy too invincible
I'm not so sure about that. I believe Adam Wingard was also pretty passionate about Blair Witch but that didn't help the film's box office.
The Spectacular Spider-Man. It's the best thing related to Spider-Man ever made and I believe it should be considered a modern classic (Along with Avatar, Gravity Falls, Star Vs The Forces Of Evil, and Over The Garden Wall).
I didn't make this list to trash on Homecoming (And i didn't rank it as the worst film in the franchise. That's still ASM2). I made it to rank the films featuring my favorite character of all time.
I disagree. Will it be a major change for Venom, yes. But I think there are far more important things about him than his ties to Spider-Man (Like the fact he's supposed to be a big and strong monster and addresses himself as we instead of I).
Well actually Raimi still wanted 3 villains. Sandman, Vulture, and New Goblin.
This looks bad. Looks like a poor hybrid of Pitch Perfect and Stomp The Yard. And that sucks because I'm a big fan of actress Eden Sher.
Yikes. Looks really bad (And worse than this film).
No one. Try and make a good solo Spider-Man film.
So excited to his take on The Lethal Protector.
Halloween (I find it boring, unscary, and aside from Dr Loomis, poorly acted). Fences (Great acting from Washington and Davis, but a lot of the scenes are dragged out and the ending ruins the film) Spider-Man Homecoming (Tom Holland is a great Peter Parker, but I found the action bland, the pacing/scene transitions rough, the score forgettable, and almost all of the MCU tie ins felt forced).
I'm guessing February is when the last season 3 episodes will air.
I don't know if Miles Morales will be in the MCU considering that he's the star of the upcoming animated Spider-Man film.
Easy. Zack Snyder. Aside from Sucker Punch, I've liked all of his films. While Bay has made some good/fun films like The Rock, he's also given us Pearl Harbor and the Transformers sequels.
Tom Hardy isn't in a lot of stinkers though.
Terrible. I don't blame him for taking the role (I know he was a big Spidey fan), but he was miscast and was given a terribly written Eddie Brock (Parker stole my girlfriend) and a rushed Venom. I'm sure Tom Hardy will kill it as Eddie Brock/Venom though. Amazing casting.
It's not just Snyder. They also did it with Ayer.
I also want to see the Snyder cut, but this won't help anything.
I think he had to kill Zod. No prison on Earth could hold him and he was going to murder a ton of people.
Yeah. The last battle felt out of place and like the studio told Mangold there has to be a CGI final fight. But aside from that and the Viper character, I think it's a great film.
It's not because they're good actors. Tom Hardy and Michelle Williams are known to be very selective about the projects they'll do and the scripts they'll accept. And judging Hardy's constant Venom related posts on his personal Instagram account, he seems to really believe in this film. So what if it isn't like the comics? That doesn't matter. That won't be the reason this film ends up being goo or bad. Comic books franchise like X-Men, Spider-Man, and Batman have taken a lot of liberties and have still put out great movies. You do realize Pascal and Arad are also producing the animated film (Which looks awesome)?
I'm just a guy who loves talking about movies and TV and what I like and dislike about them.
According to the Journal 3 book, the love potion wears off after 3 hours. That probably should've been mentioned in the episode.
I loved the first season of Legion and want to see his take on Doom (Played by Mads Mikkelsen).
Agreed. Loved what he did with season 1 of Legion.
Still haven't watched Fargo yet. It's on my watchlist with Twin Peaks and Black Mirror.
Yeah. They have put out some real stinkers like Emoji Movie, Flatliners, Annie, etc. But every studio puts out horrible films (Disney gave us Cars 2, Alice Through The Looking Glass, Pirates 4, Lone Ranger, Prince Of Persia, Planes, etc)
Yeah it caused them to change plans, but that doesn't mean their next plan will fail. Batman And Robin failed, but it let to Batman Begins.
Other than Spider-Man 3 and Amazing Spider-Man 2, Sony has done a great job with the web head and his universe. They gave us Spider-Man (89% on RT, Spider-Man 2 (93% on RT and considered to be one of the best CBM ever made), and The Amazing Spider-Man (73% on RT).
But once again, Deadpool was still a silly (And raunchy/violent at the same time) comedy. I can see them approving stuff like that in their movies, but more serious R rated stuff like an R Rated Logan that's a dystopian western or an R rated Venom that's a sci i horror film, I'm still not convinced they would approve of that.
The first Amazing Spider-Man (2012) wasn't a flop. It was a box office hit and was well received.
I hope you're right, but I'm not sure if he would be. And look, I'm not trying to say "Sony's Venom movie is 100% guaranteed to be good". It's not. No movie is guaranteed to be good or bad. This film could really suck. But I always base my excitement for a film based on what the tone/story is and who's involved. And the idea of an R rated sci fi horror adaptation of my favorite anti hero with this cast and crew involved gets me very excited. I hope it's good and surprises everyone.
I think Holland has potential to be the best live action Spidey, but I felt Homecoming had a lot of problems with it's scene transitions, CGI, score, some flat humor, and relying way too much on MCU connections. But that's just my opinion. I'm glad most other people loved the film. Still don't think Spider-Man 2 will be topped for a long time.
Except Agents Of Shield. Couldn't get past season 1. And considering New Warriors was dumped by Freeform, I think that means it probably sucks. So Marvel can put out bad TV stuff without Scott Buck. And I've never understood this argument about "We didn't ask for this film". No one asked for a Guardians film or a Legion show and those turned out great.
Okay, I'll admit like you I originally thought the idea of making a Venom film or Silver And Black without Spider-Man was a dumb idea. I made fun of it with my friends for awhile actually. But that was before we knew what the tone would be for Venom and who was involved with it. And when you bring on talent like the Zombieland director, the Saving Mr Banks writer, WETA, and Tom Hardy and say that the film would be this dark R rated sci fi/action/horror film, I can't help but be excited that they got talent like that involved. I'm also excited that Silver And Black could end up being an R rated action/spy/romance film. And having Spider-Man in this films or not won't make or break these films. They will end up being good or bad because of things like directing and writing and editing. So I have faith in this universe because I trust the people involved in front of and behind the camera and the tones they are going for. Does that mean these films are guarantied to be awesome? No, but it means it has a high chance of being great.
They don't have the rights to that.
I still think she could have a big career. She has the talent for it.
Who doesn't?
I didn't hate it. It was way too short and it felt like a lot was trimmed, but I liked the world that was set up, the 3 main performances, and the score.
I think that's what will be revealed (And maybe a poster too).
The destruction was needed actually.
Fair points. I believe Bay is still producing Bumblebee. I hope he isn't too involved and lets the director make his movie.
Not on this level. Rogue One didn't fire the directors 2 weeks before filming was over and replace the editor.
Yeah. Duel Of The Fates is incredible. Even The Last Airbender had a good score by James Newton Howard.
If Noah Hawley is directing it, I think that could be interesting. Season 1 of Legion was fantastic and Fargo is beloved by most people (Haven't seen it myself yet, but I know most people adore it).
And it's not just that (Although it's probably the main thing). You also have to take in consideration the stuff with Colin Trevarrow, Josh Trank, and how much of Garreth Edwards original cut of Rouge One was changed.
Troll 2. OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!
I actually thought did a good job with Pierce, Sebastian Shaw from First Class, and Bolivar Trask from DOFP. I agree that Keaton's Vulture was good, but for me that's an exception. Other than Loki, Abomination, and Vulture, pretty much all of the MCU villains have either been fine or just plain weak. And Ego fell into that category for me (Haven't seen Thor 3 yet though so I can't judge Hela).
According to this article, Sony is eyeing Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez for a role. https://movieweb.com/silver-black-movie-spider-man-spinoff-production-start/
Man I hope A Wrinkle In Time is good. I love Ava Deverney's Selma.
I actually liked it. Looked like a fun adventure film (Which i think we need more of).
Aquaman is directed by James Wan though.
Whiplash and Toy Story 3
Cancel all the current Marvel shows and make a deal with Sony to bring Spectacular Spider-Man and let the producers and writers finish the story they wanted to tell. And make a funny and cute Squirrel Girl cartoon with Eden Sher (Star Vs The Forces Of Evil) voicing the character.
I think Andrew Garfield is the best Spider-Man we've seen and was better than Tobey Maguire
They didn't meddle with Patty Jenkins on WW. Plus, WB has a good relationship with Wan.
The first half showed real promise, but because of set problems and studio meddling and scenes getting cut, it became a mess.
I was too until they announced the cast, director, and tone.
Well the first Amazing Spider-Man was actually received well and was a hit. Second one was a disappointment even with that same talent sure, but I choose to believe that Sony is trying to improve things. And Tom Hardy is very picky about projects isn't in a ton of a stinkers.
I'm actually more excited for this than Infinity War.
I'm excited for it. But I also have concerns about the film being too crowded, relying too much on humor like AOU did, and Thanos being a typical Marvel villain. I'm actually more excited for all the other major CBM this year than IW.
Fant4stic always comes to mind.
Bad example for me since I liked Assassin's Creed. I'm not saying Hardy's involvement guarantees the movie will be good. Nothing guarantees a movie will be good or bad, but considering Hardy has said he's very selective with his roles and has been in more good movies than bad one, I will trust his judgement.
If that's the case, I think Venom and Silver And Black will be treated like the Marvel Netflix. Darker in tone and part of the MCU, but with no crossovers.
Friends With Benefits. Though it would be "Eh", but I found it surprisingly charming.
#WeAreVenom
I'm excited.
Look at all the talent involved. It's helmed by the Zombieland director, is written by the Saving Mr Banks writer, has WETA doing the FX, and will star Tom Hardy, Michelle Williams, Woody Harrelson, Riz Ahmed, and Jenny Slate. Plus it's an R Rated sci fi/action/horror film based on my favorite Marvel villain/anti hero.
Didn't the first Deadpool come out in February?
I still have faith in the film because of director Josh Boone (Fault In Our Stars). I also remembering hearing some rumors about test screenings that went well. I also realized this, now New Mutants will have to compete with Silver And Black in February.
I'm starting to think Solo will underperform.
Didn't the animation company that makes Robot Chicken make those stop motion Disney ads?
Batman V Superman. Was very let down by the theatrical cut, but the Ultimate Cut fixed the big pacing/editing issues I had. Also, Assassin's Creed has really grown on me (I even have the novelization).
Nolan wants to do other things.
He knew that the world would eventually have to find out, but he did't want the world to find out the truth while Clark was still a kid.
Agreed. Maybe he should take a shot at composing something like Patriot's Day or All The Money In The World and see if he can stretch his talents.
I thought the first trailer was good.
Sadly, not all of the Oscar films make money.
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers The Movie (1995). Should've won the Oscar (XD).
Most things are. The stuff that shows up in my toilet when I have to take a shit is better than Zombie's Halloween 2.
To be honest, I don't even like the original Halloween. I understand what they were trying to do, but I find it boring, unscary, and mostly poorly acted. Just my opinion though.
X-Men DOFP made over 745 million worldwide. That's a big hit.
I loved it. Tom Hardy seems genially excited to be part of the film
Well, I would argue that Venom has been a more popular/recognizable character than Deadpool. Before the Deadpool movie, most of the general audience unfortunately only knew Deadpool from Wolverine Origins.
I don't think it will as big as a hit as Deadpool because this will be more of a horror film, but I think it will be a good film (Because of the talent involved and be a hit.
Well, it actually didn't have that much competition in February. The only major film it had to compete against was Zoolander 2 (Which flopped). I think there have been many reasons why the X-Men films haven't hit a billion. The original trilogy came out during the early years of the superhero revival, Origins sucked, First Class (While great) was coming off of X3 and Origins, The Wolverine was coming off Origins, DOFP came out in a crowded May, Apocalypse also came out in a crowded May and wasn't revived that well, etc.
So did I (Especially the Magnet forest scene).
Ha
Unpopular opinion. I actually thought Fetch was a decent filler episode (Not great, but not bad either.
Glorious.
I understand that. I've just been in conversations where I call a kids movie crap and someone says "Well it was meant for kids so they didn't have to try that hard".
Me too.
Except with Inhumans (The worst thing Marvel related since that 90's Captain America film).
Well yeah. I know movies are a business. Studios need to make to make money. I just think that if they make their family films better, they would make even more money. A good Chipmunks film would make more money than a bad Chipmunks film. And it isn't just Disney who can give us good kids films. WB gave us The LEGO Movie and Dreamworks has put out some good stuff.
Agreed.
I showed Moana to my little sister and she really enjoyed it. Another really well done Disney animated film. I hope they make a sequel so we can see the characters again.
To be fair though, I think the problems with Gangster Squad had more to do with the script than his directing.
#WeAreVenom
I like his DC films. I think Man Of Steel is on par with The Dark Knight and Logan and the Batman V Superman Ultimate Cut is a really good (Not perfect) film IMO. Agree to disagree.
I'm one of the few people who actually thought the film was decent (Though it has issues).
I think Disney has made some fantastic cartoons like Gravity Falls and Star Vs The Forces Of Evil, but their Marvel cartoons aren't so great.
I think this film will succeed. I love the idea of an R Rated sci fi action/horror take on Venom starring Tom Hardy.
How did they f#ck up GF and Star?
What a twist!
Agreed. Make this Eddie Brock's story.
Bad casting? You didn't like Jackie Earle Haley as Rorshach?
I will agree with you that Matthew Goode and Malin Ackerman were miscast as Ozymandias and Silk Spectre, but for me, Haley's Rorschach, Patrick Wilson's Nite Owl, Billy Crudup's Dr Manhattan, and Jeffery Dean Morgan's Comedian make up for that.
I disagree, but opinions are opinions.
Yeah. Spectacular Spider-Man is the greatest adaptation of Spidey. It sucks that it got cancelled.
From the directors/writers of Vacation and the writers of Spider-Man Homecoming. Not thrilled about this choice.
Toy Story 2
I won't bet money on them releasing/finishing it, but it's possible. They did eventually put out the Richard Donner cut of Superman 2.
Fair point, but they did make those shorts and specials (Toy Story Of Terror and Toy Story That Time Forgot) that take place after the third film and are entertaining.
7 hours? Wow.
I've always wondered why that was the case considering most of us loved Dawn and War turned out to be a great film as well.
I don't care for Pokemon at all, but I actually have some faith in this film. You have the director of Goosebumps (Rob Letterman) helming the film and the writers of Guardians Of The Galaxy (Nicole Pearlman) and Gravity Falls (Alex Hirsch) writhing the script with Ryan Reynolds playing Pickachu.
The Disney Multiverse.
Thanks. :0)
I think they will have a good 2018 as well. I think Venom will surprise people considering the talent involved, Into The Spider-Verse looks awesome, Goosebumps 2 will probably be a hit considering the first one was (Same goes for Hotel Transylvania 3), etc.
I have not. I remember hearing Landis talking about it involving 2 new characters trying to track down Matt.
Good choices. :0)
Thanks for telling me. I'll try and find it.
I like all of the Godfather films, but for me I think Goodfellas is the better film with superior direction.
I don't think they will. I trust the cast and crew involved.
I meant the director, writer, and cast.
Hype!
I actually don't hate the remake. Overall, it's not a really good film, but I liked the tone that was set up, Jackie Earle Haley as Freddy, the score, and some of the new ideas that are brought up like micro naps (Which was underused) and the question of was Freddy actually innocent or not (Though they kind of botched it IMO).
Agreed. This will continue to be a timeless classics for decades and should've won Best Picture.
Agreed 100%.
My second favorite composer (Right behind John Williams).
I know Fassbender had acted in shows and plays before, but Snyder was the first director to cast him in a film.
I have high hopes for the film for several reasons. 1. They're going for this dark R rated sci fi action/horror tone (And taking some inspiration from Lethal Protector). That's perfect for a character like Venom. 2. They have the director of Zombieland who has a good relationship with Sony, seems to get the Venom character, and has handled horror and dark humor and his previous films. 3. Tom Hardy is playing Eddie Brock. Not only is Hardy one of the best actors working today, he's known to be very selective about the films he'll do and doesn't have a ton of stinkers on his resume. And based on his frequent Venom related posts on his personal Instagram, I think he really believes in this film. 4. Along with Hardy, they've also cast Michelle Williams, Riz Ahmed, Jenny Slate, and Woody Harrelson (I hope he's playing Carnage).
I'd be up for that.
Your welcome. Didn't expect you to comment here. Thanks. Big fan of yours.
As a Mabel Pines fan, I agree with this video on some points and disagree with it on others. I do agree that they show more of Dipper sacrificing a lot for Mabel than vice versa (I also think they should've had the twins roles be more equal). I do think they should've shown Mabel sacrifice more for him on screen. With The Love God, according to Journal 3 the love potion wears off after 3 hours. But they should've mentioned that in the episode and not in a tie in book that not all the fans will buy. With Time Traveler's Pig, keep this in mind. Dipper deep down knew he didn't have a real chance at being Wendy's boyfriend at age 12. Mabel did have a real opportunity to finally get a pet and her favorite animal (And had Pacifica and her family kept Waddles, they might've cooked him). With the Into The Bunker scene where Mabel refuses to let a Dipper panicking Dipper and Wendy out of the room. The answer is simple to me. She thought they were just joking about a threat so they could get out. About her choosing Stan over Dipper in Not What He Seems. Mabel tries her best to see the best in almost everyone and she still really wanted to believe her great uncle was a good man deep down and opened the portal for a reason. Someone made a theory that suggested that it was Stan finally using the word please (Throwback to Boss Mabel) that convinced Mabel to trust him. With the whole Dipper And Mabel Vs The Future/Weirdmageddon storyline, yes that was a big opportunity for Dipper, but that would also cause him to not live his life as a normal kid. And Mabel has lived with Dipper he whole life and considers him her best friend. So the thought of growing up without him would be scary to her. With her causing the apocalypse, she probably trusted Blendin after she and Dipper got on better terms with him after Blendin's Game. I do agree though that she should've been called out for mistake and she should've apologized for it. I'm still pissed about that. And with Dippy Fresh, I personally don't think she was actually trying to replace her twin. I think she created him as a back up before the real Dipper arrives. The problem is though is that it isn't written that well and I can understand why people think she was trying to replace him. Just my opinion though.
Ha. XD. Also, thanks for reviewing Star Vs The Forces Of Evil on your channel. I love that show and hope it brought some more attention/viewers to the show.
Yeah. True. Thanks for the correction.
I believe that's still happening. Sony has the rights and have hired Joe Johnson to direct (He said it would be his last film). And there's a rumor that Millie Bobby Brown may star in the film.
Adorbs.
Yes! I think redemption is coming for The Lethal Protector very soon.
#WEAREVENOM
I've heard some rumors that Sony will drop the first teaser trailer around the time Infinity War comes out (Late April/Early May) and have it play in front of the film.
Back in March while promoting Life, the writers said it was still in the works and a script had been finished.
Ha. That's great. Upvote. I really hope Woody Harrelson is playing Carnage.
It's possible to have a lot of great CGI in a film that costs under 100 million/ Look at District 9 and Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes. And the writer Kelly Marcel wrote Saving Mr Banks.
Actually WETA is doing the FX for Venom. Tom hardy will also portray they character through performance capture. http://omegaunderground.com/2017/09/10/weta-digital-handling-visual-effects-sonys-venom/ And as far as the other writers go, one of them just wrote Sony's second biggest hit of the year (Jumanji). And yes I know the other one wrote ASM2 (Big letdown) and Dark Tower (Which I didn't hate), but I'm not sure how much we can blame him since those films suffered from to many cooks in the kitchen.
What I find interesting is that Sony chosed Weta over their own company Sony Pictures Imageworks.
Yeah. He dodged a bullet with Suicide Squad. But to be fair that was before WB took the film away from David Ayer, reshot a lot of the film to add more levity, and had a trailer company edit the film (IMO, the editing was the worst part of the movie). So maybe the script was better when he got it and when he realized WB would alter it a lot, he dropped out.
I've seen most of the first Now You See Me and liked what I saw. Haven't seen the second one.
That and his Halo film.
Yeah. I personally hope the theories of him playing Carnage are true. My personal fan casting choice was Jackie Earle Haley, but I can totally see Harrelson pulling of the madness of Cletus Kassidy.
According to the director, the film will tell Venom's origin and will focus on the bond betweenBrock and the suit.
To me it just came across as style over substance. Than again I only watched the film once years ago. Maybe I should rewatch it.
With more Coca-Cola.
You didn't like the Raimi films?
He talked about so much that I no longer wanted Ghostbusters 3.
I heard they might make a tv show.
Too early. The film doesn't come out until October.
Venom has had a lot of solo stuff not tied to Spidey though.
I didn't hate it. I never read the books, but I thought it was a decent fantasy film. Yeah the ending felt rushed (Because it was so short) and it felt like a lot was cut from the film, but I liked the world that was set up, the action, Junkie XL's score, Roland and Jake's bond, and Elba, McConaughey, and Taylor's performances.
Last year, they gave us Baby Driver, Jumanji, Life, and All The Money In The World.
I 100% agree.
I didn't hate the Dark Tower film. As someone who hasn't read the novels, I thought it was an enjoyable and decent fantasy film that while rushed and kind of choppy, set up a great world, had good action scenes, a nice score, and great performances from the leads.
Coming to Netflix this April
Is Another Mystery- Probably another Buff Frog centric episode about his new role as Royal monster Expert. Marco Jr.- The return of Naysaya and him causing Marco to reveal his feelings to Star. There is a rumor that the show will return in April. I'm starting to believe that considering some behind the scenes images showing that some episodes are almost finished and the fact that there are no new episodes scheduled for February. We'll probably get our first promos early-mid March (Possibly even late February). I also believe that since there are only 7 episodes left in season 3, we'll get another Star Bomb in April and season 4 will start mid to late summer.
He was talking about the movies, not the shows.
I'm not sure if Iron Man 3 is a good example. I enjoyed it, but there's a lot of people who were really disappointed with it. With Winter Soldier, I consider that the MCU's greatest solo film. It's fantastic and showed that Marvel could potentially break away from it's formula. But that's just one film.
I want this movie to happen, but this is starting to turn into the Crow remake.
I also find The Wolverine very underrated. Sure the final battle feels out of place and Viper is very corny, but overall I loved how it explores Logan wanting death after losing Jean after X-Men 3, the X-Men (His family) being disbanded, and him seeing so many tragedies for 2 centuries. The Unrated version is the better version BTW. I consider X-Men DOFP (Both the theatrical cut and Rogue Cut) one of the best CBM ever made and better than all of the MCU films. I also think Mcavoy's performance in this film is one of the best performances I've seen in a CBM. I didn't dislike X-Men Apocalypse. Sure it has structure issues and is a letdown compared to First Class and DOFP, but I liked the new X-Men team that was set up, Mcavoy and Fassbender turn in more great performances (Especially Fassbender when Magneto's family dies in the Forrest) I'm really excited for X-Men Dark Phoenix.
Wouldn't you be happy if this movie is good and does well? Don't you want a good film?
Sure he and Sony crapped the bed with ASM2, but I thought they did a great job with the first ASM.
Most of the time, the staff doesn't know. It's the network that decides when the episodes air.
When they first announced they they were making a Venom film not tied to Spidey, I thought it sounded dumb and desperate. But that was before we knew anything about the film. After they announced it would be this R rated sci fi action/horror take on the character and brought on Tom Hardy and the Zombieland director, I changed my mind. R rated sci fi is perfect for a Venom solo film and I trust Tom Hardy, not because he's a great actor (Which he is), but because he's known to be selective about picking scripts/films and doesn't have too many stinkers on his resume. And I'm now okay with them not including Spidey in this film. That won't make or break the film. All I want is a good film featuring Venom.
MOS's reception was more mixed (Even though I personally loved it).
Not gonna lie, I always liked Gwen more and thought she was a better match for Peter.
"I like being bad. It makes me happy". Why use that line?
Looks kind of cool and a little similar to Venom (And this one stars the Hardy lookalike).
The most recent trailer got over a million likes (Third trailer in history to do so). That's positive.
Eddie is better than Flash IMO.
Sorry to disappoint you. Feeling pretty fine. I understand the delay. They wouldn't have it ready to come out in February now and they want to see of Venom and Into The Spider-Verse turn out first.
Go to the trailer on Sony's Youtube Channel. You'll see it has 1.3 Million likes. The only 2 trailers that have more are the Infinity War ones. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9Mv98Gr5pY
I am
It was debunked actually. https://www.reddit.com/r/MarvelStudiosSpoilers/comments/8muwtl/what_happened_to_the_dark_phoenix_test_screening/dzqy34b/
Sure they put out some crap (Emoji Movie, Annie, Flatliners, Amazing Spider-Man 2), but they can also put out some really good stuff like Baby Driver, Jumanji, Jump Street 1 and 2, Most of the other Spidey films, District 9, All The Money In The World, etc.
Most of the time when I read a Spidey or Venom comic, I hear that voice (Hank Azaria) from the 90's (Although Ben Diskin was also great in Spectacular). You forgot about Topher Grace though. Obviously the gold standard for The Lethal Protector (Sarcasm).
I'm not concerned. She's proven she can handle more serious roles.
Really hope this happens. Legion (Second favorite show airing right now) shows this guy can make great CB adaptations.
Ah, the guy who will actually mock fans of the Fox X Franchise just because we like these films that aren't part of the MCU.
I can't believe some people are saying the X-Men franchise needs to be saved after one not so great film (Apocalypse). Do people still remember First Class and Days Of Future Past?
No. I like the MCU overall (Just watched Black Panther and it was quite good), but I prefer the X-Men universe. Just my opinion.
I've only seen a few clips of Steven Universe, so I can't really comment on it. Gravity Falls is amazing until the second half of season 2 (The last season). Still has it's moments, but it felt rushed because there was supposed to be a third season. Over The Garden Wall is close to a masterpiece of animation IMO. Excellent mini series. I've seen the first season of Avatar so far. Excellent animation, character interactions, and world building.
Oh sorry. My bad. Star Vs is my favorite show airing right now actually. A very rich and colorful world filled with wonderful characters (Star is the best Disney Princess). Haven't seen Trollhunters yet actually.
We are Monster Arm.
Left Behind (2014). It's not even good enough to be on Oxygen or Hallmark.
I didn't think Dark Tower was that bad actually. I never read the books, but I thought the films had some good stuff in it (Though it was also heavily flawed).
Favorite- Shawshank Redemption (My favorite film overall) Least favorite- Cell
The director also made Zombieland and Kelly Marcel also wrote Saving Mr Banks and contributed to Bronson and Fury Road. And the other 2 writers also wrote Jumanji 2.
Venom is cooler than Deadpool though (Just my opinion).
Maybe Fantastic Four can go, but Fox has been doing a great job with the X-Men franchise.
I do (Martin Scorsese is involved).
Not concerned about fatigue. Films like Cinderella and Beauty And The Beast have done very well for Disney. I'm concerned that the film might suck though. The last time Tim Burton directed a live action Disney remake was with the dreadful Alice In Wonderland (And most of his films after that haven't been great either. And the writer is the same guy who wrote Transformers 2, 3, and 4.
Really want one of these (Probably either the Cast Away or Assassin's Creed one).
More good films than bad ones to me. They gave us X-Men, X2, First Class, The Wolverine, DOFP, Deadpool, Logan, and Deadpool 2.
I didn't hate Apocalypse actually. It had problems, but it also had some great stuff too like that Magneto Forrest scene (Amazing acting from Fassbender). Yeah X3 was a letdown and Origins is a trainwreck. But everyone has a few stinkers.
Don't forget the shoehorned in Sinister Six stuff in Amazing Spider-Man 2.
I dunno. I think yellow spandex would look dumb in something like X-Men DOFP or Logan.
Bad example for me considering I actually liked the AC film. But I get what you mean. Sure a great cast and director doesn't always guarantee a good film, but they do make that more likely to happen. And like I said, Tom Hardy and Michelle Williams are known to be very selective and they don't have a lot of big stinkers on their resumes (Williams has even turned down blockbusters before). I trust their judgments.
Toffee.
Well we got 2 Quicksilvers and the audience seemed fine with it.
And Kristen Schaal.
He's a great filmmaker (Insidious, Conjuring).
Forgot to mention that Mr Rogers documentary. Looks so amazing.
Great. We will all have different lists. :0) I want to have The Predator on this list, but some of the stuff I've heard about the film concerns me.
If Aquaman is good, I don't it will flop. And since Wan is directing it, I'm sure it will turn out well. I agree about Skyscraper. Looks like a remake of Die Hard starring the Rock.
Glad to know someone is excited for it. I expect it to be a massive failure.
Very impressive.
Interesting.
I think they are some of the best blockbusters in recent years. Rise really surprised me. I thought it was gonna suck based on the trailers, but when I finally saw it I was blown away by how much they actually invested into the narrative. Dawn is an example where the second film is better than the first. And it has the best villain in the series with Koba. And with War, it's actually my favorite of the trilogy. A lot darker than I expected and an excellent end to Ceaser's story.
I quite liked it too. Like how it looks different than the Disney film. I'm still a little concerned that this film has been sitting on a shelf since 2015 though.
I prefer Peter and Gwen, but since Spectacular was so good, I'm sure they would've found a way to make it work.
Yeah. When you do that, nothing in the show matters.
I feel bad for director Gavin Hood. The producers really screwed up and it was made during the Writer's Strike.
It's directed by Wan though.
They do. People just don't go see it (Upgrade, Hereditary,).
While I do like the show (The Venom Saga DVD is what made me a huge Venom fan) and hope they one day release it on Blu Ray, I felt like the show got a little too over the top at the end.
Jed Kurzel is a genius.
I want the film to be awesome since I love fantasy, but I have some major doubts that this film is actually coming out next year.
I actually consider it the best video game movie so far. Sure it has some issues, but I appreciated the director's style, the great setpieces, and Fassbender's performance (And of course this score).
I think the movie might've turned out a bit better had some of the stuff from the novelization and deleted scenes remained in the film. Would add some more context and backstory. I have confidence in the Witcher series. Netflix is the one who put out the first ever widely well received video game adaptation with Castlevania (Which I really liked).
Not always. Shows like Avatar The Last Airbender and Gravity Falls have gotten a lot of critical acclaim and award nominations.
Have no opinion since I haven't seen their previous film yet. I just hope that they aren't bogged down by a weak script or too much studio meddling.
Dark Knight, Spider-Man 2, Deadpool 2, Winter Solider, and X-Men DOFP would be my picks.
It would probably be a cameo (There was also a rumor of Hardy coming back to voice him in this film). I'm expecting Dark Phoenix to be different since Kinberg said months ago that he was gonna try and improve from Apocalypse. I also hope for a New Mutants update if Fox is gonna be there.
He's become a good actor though. He can do comedy (Jump Street) and drama (Foxcatcher).
Me too. Hopefully Kinberg will blow us away. I was originally concerned that an X-men film would be his directorial debt, but if he can pull it off with his own style and copy previous directors, that will be incredible. I also can't wait to see who will Comic Con this year. DC will have Aquaman, Sony will have Venom, and Fox would have X-Men.
Really? I actually thought Mcavoy's performance as Xavier was one of the best acting performances in a CBM. But to each their own. That's the best thing about the movies.
Hardy could still end up being both Wolverine and Venom. Josh Brolin is Thanos and Cable at the same time.
It has a great chance of being good. It has the Zombieland director and stars Tom Hardy.
The director of Venom recently said that while this is a true stand alone Venom film, who knows what the future will hold.
Sure it might suck (Like any upcoming movie), but with the talent involved, I have faith that Fleischer and Hardy can deliver something awesome. And the trailers alone have given us a better movie Venom than the Spider-Man 3 one.
Marcel also write Saving Mr Banks and contributed to Bronson and Fury Road. And the author of the 50 Shades books had more control of the movie script than she or the director did.
My thoughts on the DCEU films so far. Man Of Steel- One of the top 5 comic book movies of all time and a great sci fi film/character study for Kal-El. Batman V Superman Dawn Of Justice- The theatrical cut was very disappointing and disjointed, but The Ultimate Cut has really grown on me and it flows a lot better. Suicide Squad- The team has good chemistry and Robbie kills it as Harley Quinn, but it's a terribly paced mess overall with one one of the worst villains in a superhero film recently. Wonder Woman- A very solid origin story for Diana that used the fish out of water trope well. Justice League- I thought it was entertaining on first viewing, but upon rewatching some of it again and thinking more about it, I now see it's a Frankenstein mess combining Snyder's and Whedon's styles.
The Ultimate Cut is really Snyder's true vision of the film. It was intended to be the theatrical cut, but WB thought it was too long and made him cut it down. If you're main problems with BVS were mostly about structure and editing, there's a good chance you'll really like the UC. But if they're more about the actual story and characterizations, then it may not change your views on it that much.
We don't know if the movie is good or bad. It hasn't come out yet. Honestly, I didn't have a problem with the dialogue. I doubt it will be Oscar nominated, but it sounds fine to me (Just my opinion though). And symbiote can be pronounced in different ways.
Ha. Nice one. I actually think we have gotten a good video game movie with 2016's Assassin's Creed film. But I know I'm in the minority with that opinion.
I didn't hate Warcraft, but it was disappointed. I know they removed around 45 minutes of footage which could've affected the pacing and character development.
The first half isn't that bad, but it falls apart during the third act.
I also remembering heard from a couple of people who attended a premiere for the film (A week before release) that it was 20-25 minutes longer than the final product.
Looks awesome. Such a shame it's only a Comic Con exclusive.
Had to delete it and repost it. Made a few mistakes.
Good prediction.
Agreed. Love smaller scale comic book films like Logan and Deadpool.
Hardy squashed that rumor a couple of months ago on Instagram.
I don't like Halloween, Citizen Kane, Bridge Of Spies, Moulin Rouge, Spider-Man Homecoming, Fences, Gone With The Wind, Guardians 2, and Thor Ragnarok. I think Man Of Steel is one of the Top 5 greatest comic book movies ever made. I actually really like the Assassin's Creed film and consider it the best video game film (Sad there won't be a sequel). I'm a fan of Zack Snyder and like all of his films except for Sucker Punch and Justice League. I actually thought Hacksaw Ridge deserved Best Picture over Moonlight or La La Land. Elf is my favorite comedy and favorite Christmas film. Solo is better than Rogue One. I prefer Fox's X-Men franchise over the MCU. I prefer Goodfellas over The Godfather films.
Agreed. It's about 2 beings (Eddie and the Symbiote) becoming one (Venom).
The night it was released, I saw a lot of positive reactions to it on Twitter and Youtube.
That like saying that the Infinity War trailers (Which also have over a million likes) had bots.
Great news. He's awesome in everything (Minus his overacting Dungeons And Dragons).
I used to think that way, but now I don't think that's the case. Siike Donnelly (Who runs The Venom Vlog on Youtube) said it best. You just have to get Eddie Brock and the symbiote to hate someone and they bond because of that hate. And since Spidey isn't in this film, their enemy will probably be the Life Foundation.
Agreed. It's visually stunning with fantastic action chromatography, a really good soundtrack, and great cinematography. But the story was very messy (Though I'll admit I haven't seen the Director's Cut).
With a special guest STAR.
Yep (And the director's cut is even better). I actually like the movie more than the book.
Simple answer. Just take away the spider symbol and have his powers more symbiote based than Spidey based.
No thanks. Just make them awesome stand alone films.
Not every version of Venom has the Spider logo though (Ultimate). And Venom isn't on the same level of popularity as Batman or Superman.
He a great actor. Watch Requiem For A Dream and you'll see that.
Don't forget the Tom Hanks Fred Rogers movie and Tom Hardy's Fonzo.
Just sharing some news for my most anticipated film for the rest of the year (Along with Damien Chazelle's First Man).
That's it's gonna be low budget Blumhouse horror film instead of a superhero film.
You should. Leto won an Oscar for Dallas Buyers and Requiem For A Dream is a great and disturbing film.
I'd be interested if it happens. But at the same time I also think if you are making a solo Venom film that isn't tied to Spidey, why would you crossover with him after that?
I've been a Venom (Eddie Brock Venom) fan since ever since I saw the Animated Series when I was little. He is my favorite anti hero and second favorite comic book character right behind Spider-Man. Plus it stars one of my favorite actors (Tom Hardy).
I would love if they released that, but I'm sure when Lucas sold it to Disney he put in the contract that the special editions are the true version.
We'll see when it comes out. I'm excited and think it's gonna be good, but if it's disappointing I'll say it.
I did it after seeing The Last Airbender. I was so excited for that film and it ended up being hot garbage.
I think Morbius could make money if the budget isn't super big (the biggest expense is probably Jared Leto's salary).
Thanks. :0) Doing good. Getting ready for the holiday season, seeing Aquaman a week early, and have joined new fandoms (And hopefully try to make them better due to the rise of toxic fandom).
I've only seen the first EQ Girls film so far. Liked it, but didn't love it.
I've heard that the sequel is a big improvement. Excited to check it out. I also saw the MLP movie from last year as well (Not an amazing film IMO, but better than what most of the critics said).
While it's better than Comcast buying Fox (Something I was originally for until I realized what that would really mean), I'm still against it. Fox is one of the big major film studios and has enough movie and TV assets to survive for years to come.
Yes, but the success of his own movie with no ties to Spidey shows that he can be his own thing.
Good to hear. Really excited to see it. How would you compare it to the other Spidey films? I'll agree that you could tell things were cut from Venom by the studio, but it's still nothing compared to what Sony did with ASM2.
Agreed. I also believe that the audience can relate to all of The Mane 6 on some level. Sometimes I can be shy and timid like Fluttershy, fun and sugar loving like Pinkie Pie, hard working like Applejack, etc.
Fair point. But when you have surprise hits like Jumanji and Venom and possibly Into The Spider-Verse (No one expected those films to do what they did), you don't sell, you continue to make more.
If Goddard is still involved, I'll have faith in the film.
Ha. Such a cinematic classic indeed. XD Though as shitty as Emoji was, I still think Transformers The Last Knight and The Snowman were the true worst films of last year.
Nicer bunny than Angel.
I enjoyed Venom a lot, but I hate this excuse. A lot of critics just saw the film and didn't like it.
Do we know what the budget is though?
I dunno about this. I like the way David Harbor looks as Hellboy and his portrayal seems cool so far, but some of these effects look really unfinished (Though that could change when the movie is released) and I fear that the film may end up being too silly. Still excited to see it, but still concerned.
Hopefully the film is better and less comical than this trailer.
I was disappointed by the BVS theatrical cut, but The Ultimate Cut made me a big fan. Justice League ended up being a Frankenstein mess unfortunately.
I don't think the series ending has been confirmed though. Just some unconfirmed rumors right now.
Deservingly so. The Last Knight was a horrible piece of crap and the worst film of last year (Along with The Snowman). Yeah I'm sure the MLP toy sales were great.
Looks like fun to me (And a lot better than the horrible MIB 3). If it's good, it could be another big hit for Sony.
Suicide Squad over MOS? Interesting ranking.
I would love to see the original cuts of both Suicide Squad and Justice League.
If that's your opinion that's cool, but I completely disagree. Other than Sucker Punch and Justice League (Which was heavily altered and reshot), I've enjoyed all of his films. MOS is my personal favorite and I consider it the second best CBM ever made right behind X-Men DOFP. I also consider his Watchmen film superior to the comic (Which is brilliant).
Agreed.
I don't think she actually thinks that Pinkie Pie and Rarity's passions are worthless. We all sometimes say some stupid and horrible things when we're angry.
Nice work.
I would love to see that. Silver Surfer's story could make for a great and powerful sci fi film.
Power Rangers deserved better IMO. Really well done adaptation.
I know they got the rights and are planning another film, but I don't believe if they've said it's a sequel or a reboot yet (Correct me if I'm wrong).
1. The Joker 2. X-Men Dark Phoenix 3. Shazam 4. Avengers Endgame 5. Captain Marvel 6. Spider-Man Far From Home 7. New Mutants 8. Hellboy
Hopefully it's a better version of The Last Stand than the 2006 Last Stand then.
I don't see how making a Spider-Verse sequel and a spin off is milking it. Spider-Verse was fantastic and it left a lot of us wanting to see more.
"You mustn't be afraid to dream a bit bigger darling".
Beautiful.
Awesome. Out of all the slasher icons, Freddy is my favorite and I would love another take on the character. I actually didn't hate the 2010 reboot. It wasn't that great of a film, but I liked what they were trying to do with the darker tone and a more evil Freddy.
The ultimate sign that Sony has no faith in the film. This sucks because I was excited for the film at first when I heard that Will Ferrell and John C Reilly were involved, but then the first trailer came out and sucked and now Sony is trying to hide the film.
They've made some good stuff recently though. I enjoyed Jumanji, Venom, All The Money In The World, and Spider-Verse. Though like every other studio, they also have some major stinkers.
I really enjoyed their first 2 collaborations (Especially Talladega Nights). Shame this film looks like a waste of their talents.
I agree that Disney is the better option of the two, but I still don't get why Fox sold. They have a lot of big movie and TV properties to keep them successful.
I'm a wanted man now I guess. XD. I like several Disney movies and shows like some of the MCU films, their Star Wars films, Disney Animation classics like Lion King and newer animated films like Zootopia and Moana, Jungle Book, Pixar, Gravity Falls, Star Vs The Forces Of Evil, Ducktales, etc. But I also believe that there should be a lot of other studios to offer other projects (There still will be obviously, but we're loosing one of the big ones).
I disagree. Here are some of the big franchises Fox owns. X-Men Wolverine Deadpool Legion Simpsons Sons Of Anarchy Family Guy Bob's Burgers Archer Alien Predator Die Hard Planet Of The Apes Ice Age Kingsman Avatar X-Files Blue Sky Studios Films Fox Searchlight Films Plus, just like Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, Disney Plus, etc, they can create new original shows and movies just for the service.
I would like to see her play other kinds of characters soon. I think she has the talent for it.
I think it's because the Bay Transformers sequels damaged the brand and audiences are now kind of reluctant to go and see another Transformers film with or without Bay as the director.
I hope we will, but it probably won't happen anytime soon considering only 3 films have been nominated with Beauty And The Beast, Up, and Toy Story 3 (Shocked that Lion King wasn't though). I think there's a chance Into The Spider-Verse may get nominated this year, but it won't win.
The ending of Shawshank Redemption. I now the book leaves it ambiguous but I'm very happy that the film showed us that Andy and Red reunited on the beach. And my god that Thomas Newman score is incredible. Whiplash is a great choice though. One of the most intense films and endings of recent years.
I liked what we got (Very Venom like appearance), but I feel like he was underused.
Well Sony Animation does have a really good animated film in theaters right now with Spider-Man Into The Spider-Verse. Best comic book movie of the year IMO.
I also heard that they didn't plan on having the writers and producers really involved.
I actually think Detective Pikachu looks like fun (And I'm someone who's never cared about Pokemon), but yeah most of these kind of films end up sucking.
I actually thought the music was one of the strongest parts of the film. It's wasn't Oscar worthy or anything, but good IMO (Especially Open Up Your Eyes).
Fair point. I still think it can be done though if the budget is under 100 million dollars (And I believe the budget for Welcome To The Jungle was around 90 million).
Fluttershy. She's maybe the most adorable and sweet character in all of animation, has a beautiful voice, can be a badass in dire situations and is very relatable. Like her, I've dealt with with anxiety and shyness in my life. And while she is still that sweet and soft spoken pony we all love, she's gotten more confident in herself as the series has progressed.
Well fortunately for M Night, he's had a bit of a comeback thanks to The Visit, Split, and the upcoming Glass (Which looks awesome). But yeah, I could see this version of the film being Last Airbender (One of the worst films I've ever seen) level bad.
Very excited for the film. I read Shazam's New 52 origin a few years ago and loved it and the trailer was charming (A superhero version of Big).
The comic you are talking about is Superman Red Son. Never read it myself, but it sounds amazing. Hopefully DC and Warner Brothers will be willing to make films like that considering they will have both the DCEU and one shot films like Joker.
Best video game movies to me are Tomb Raider (2018) and Assassin's Creed.
Maybe, but I also wouldn't be surprised if it's Hellboy. I thought that recent trailer was terrible, Lionsgate hasn't done a lot to promote the film, and I've heard rumors that there was a test screening for the film and it was really bad.
I agree 100%. I'm a fan/defender of Man Of Steel and Assassin's Creed and having nice conversations/debates about those films and others are fun, but I don't insult people for not feeling the same way I do. I hope toxic fandom goes away soon. I first discovered it online in 2012 and it's just gotten worse 7 years later.
Sounds decent to me. Still excited to see this film.
I'm sure Reeves's Batman will have a dark tone though.
Because they want to see the X-Men with the Avengers. I personally prefer mutants in their own world though.
Because it's a good show IMHO with likable characters, a cool and big fantasy world, colorful animation, good morals and songs, etc. Everyone has their favorite feel good show (Good shows like The Office and Friends are mentioned a lot in those conversations) and this is mine (The best made show I've seen is Breaking Bad, but this is my favorite feel good show). After all, it's a show that teaches us how to be good people. And there's nothing wrong with being a brony. Sure there are some weirdos in the fandom, but most of the fanbase is filled with kind and passionate fans. And as I learned from the late great Jon Schnepp (AMC Movie Talk, Metaloclypse, Death Of Superman Lives) years ago, you should never be afraid to express what you love and are passionate about. He was a huge comic book/sci fi/horror nerd and embraced it and shared that passion with his fans, friends, coworkers, and family. There's also a really good documentary called A Brony Tale that follows Ashleigh Ball (One of the lead voices on the show) and her discovery of the brony fandom. It's nice film and shows what a franchise/property can mean to many different people around the world. For some, that franchise is Star Wars, for others its Harry Potter, and for others, it's My Little Pony.
My apologies. I must have read it wrong. But yeah, that is true as well. Though I didn't start seeing a lot of talk of the whole franchise sucking until after Apocalypse came out (Just one not so great film).
I agree. It'll probably be out this fall. I also think they'll release the entire series on DVD and Blu Ray next October for the show's 10th anniversary.
With Phoenix attached, I highly doubt that.
I would still recommend getting it. Blu Ray picture and sound quality is much better than DVD's IMO and I hope/think the complete series set will contain a lot of new bonus features.
Phoenix has turned down big comic book movies before. He was offered the role of Dr Strange, but declined (Mainly due to the multiple film deal). He also said he was interested in doing a small on shot film about an iconic comic book character years before this film entered development. So I don't think this is just some quick payday for Phoenix. It seems he sees something really good in this film.
I liked Venom. But yeah, you're correct. A large chunk of the Sony hate I see is directed at just their Marvel based stuff. Same thing with a lot of the Fox X-Men hate.
I know we've had are arguments in the past, but I encourage you to get some help. Please. Having those kind of thoughts can lead to a tragedy.
I first discovered online toxic fandom in 2012 after learning about the brony fandom and it's just gotten worse over the years and spread to almost every other fandom (Especially big ones like Marvel, DC, and Star Wars). I hope one day things go back to the way they should be and most of the people in fandoms are just good hearted fans.
I thought the Pyg side mission was great, but I would've like for them to include a Zsasz one too (Along with making the Season of Infamy missions in the game since day 1 instead of DLC).
Yep. People can sometimes forget that adaptation is needed in films and can make them great. Look at something like The Shining. Well there was an idea to make Spidey 3 a two parter. Sandman and Vulture (Played by Sir Ben Kingsley) would've been the villains in the first part and Spidey would've gotten the black suit during act 3. Then part 2 would deal with the symbiote story, Venom, and finishing the Harry Osborn story. Sadly it was scrapped due to budget concerns and the writers unable to thing of a good climatic action scene for the first film. I would've loved for this have happened.
Actually the mirror scene was supposed to happen before he hit MJ. It was to occur after the black suited Spider-Man Vs Sandman fight in the sewers.
I still want to see it. I love most of the Fox X-Men films like Days Of Future Past, First Class, Logan, Deadpool 1 and 2, X-Men 1, X2, and The Wolverine (I even liked Apocalypse despite it's issues). And I've liked the trailers for Dark Phoenix.
I'm concerned about Disney's eventual treatment of the X-Men. I haven't loved the the last number of MCU films and I remember all the hype from everyone about seeing the MCU Spider-Man after hoping for it for years and that version of the character disappointed me.
I remember thinking they were going to make a film with that tone back in 2017. Once they hired the director of Zombieland though, I started to think it would just have some horror elements instead of being a true horror film. I remember him saying in an interview that he was inspired by Carpenter films while making the film (Along with the Lethal Protector and Planet Of The Symbiotes comics storylines).
Would've been interesting. Maybe when Sony is done with this incarnation of Venom (Hardy is signed on for a trilogy), they'll reboot him and take a more horror like approach. Could work really well for Venom (And especially Carnage).
I just went to your post, but it says it's been removed.
But probably not one as good as Days Of Future Past or Logan.
I disagree. None of the MCU films have had films that have moved me as much as DOFP has. Say what you will about Bryan Singer as a person (If the stories about him are true, F him), but he did manage to make a really well balanced sci fi/time travel film with great acting (Especially from Mcavoy), setpieces, and a moving ending. In general, I'm not a big fan of time travel in stories, but this film was one of the exceptions. But that's just my POV of course.
Art by JonPablo45 https://www.deviantart.com/jonpablo45
DOFP? Logan? First Class? X2? Deadpool?
DOFP is my favorite superhero movie of all time. I don't really care about something being super accurate to the source material (Unless it goes too far like Catwoman) as long as the movie is good (The Shining is a great example of this). It's a really well balanced film IMO. Great drama, humor, action, and heart. Add on top of that great performances from everyone (Especially from Mcavoy) and a pretty moving ending IMO, we got a winner of a movie. But's that's just my opinion obviously. All film is subjective.
I liked the trailers actually (Especially the most recent one). And remember that in Last Stand, the Dark Phoenix story wasn't the main plot. The Mutant Cure was. Here it is the main story. Not saying that means this film will be good (Haven't seen it yet), but I wouldn't call it a remake of X3.
I'm all for it. I think the character has great potential to work on film and it's being helmed by the guy who made 10 Cloverfield Lane.
I haven't seen it yet. I plan to in the next few days though since I love most of the films in the X-Men franchise and this is the final one (Aside from New Mutants). The reviews have been pretty disappointing so far, but I still want to judge it myself. Maybe I'll see it and enjoy it more than others (Like I've done with films like Man Of Steel and Assassin's Creed).
I've never understood why MOS is so divisive. All film is subjective obviously and there's nothing wrong with people who saw it and didn't like what they saw, but I remember seeing the movie 6 years ago and thought that people would consider it one of the best CBM.
My favorite Zack Snyder film as well (Close second is Owls Of Ga'Hoole though).
Agreed. I really like the Ultimate Cut of BVS and it fixed most of the big issues I had with the choppy theatrical cut, but MOS has much better pacing IMO and is more self contained than BVS (Other than a few small easter eggs like LexCorp and Wayne Enterprises). I also agree with you about 300. I really enjoy watching it (Michael Fassbender's first film as well), but I think his other films are superior to it other than Sucker Punch (And I din't consider the JL film we got his movie).
Kurzel's Macbeth is one of the most gorgeous films I've ever seen. Every shot is so beautiful to look at. Combine that with the classic story, the battle sequences, Jed Kurzel's haunting score, and Fassbender and Cotillard's performances, you get one of the best and most underappreciated films of that year. Then he made the best video game movie IMO with Assassin's Creed (I think the issues with the film have more to do with the script than his direction) and I'm really looking forward to his new movie True History Of The Kelly Gang. Don't forget to mention the crappy humor in The Last Knight (And the fact that the Last Knight turns out to be Marky Mark).
More like a 2 (And even that's being a bit generous). Thankfully we finally got a great Transformers movie last year with Bumblebee. It was the first film in the series to have genuine heart, really good performances, and likable characters to go alongside the spectacle.
I recommend seeing it. If The Last Knight was the Batman And Robin of this franchise, than I think Bumblebee is the Batman Begins of it. Hopefully future films in the series will be more like that (Though I don't like this rumor I've heard of Hasbro creating a cinematic universe for a lot of their properties to share). My ranking of the Transformers films would like this Bumblebee Transformers Dark Of The Moon Age Of Extinction The Last Knight Revenge Of The Fallen
It was a movie that was ruined by several of Bay's decisions and the Writer's Strike.
Yeah. I feel bad for him. He got a similar treatment that some other filmmakers got on these blockbusters (Josh Trank, Neil Marshall, Zack Snyder, David Ayer, Marc Webb, Duncan Jones, etc). I will give Rothman some credit though. He's actually been handling Sony pretty well. They used to go way over budget on their films (Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Ghostbusters), but he's allowed the company to have more hits with reasonable budgets like Jumanji, Spider-Verse, Baby Driver, etc.
If I was in charge of Hasbro based movies/shows, I would just keep all of the properties separate. Not everything needs to be in a shared universe. I get that Transformers and G.I. Joe have some crossover history, but I'm not sure that would work well on film. And the other crossover wouldn't work well at all unless it was some fun little comic (There actually was supposed to be a comic where Optimus and Bumblebee visit MLP's Equestria). Plus a shared universe like that would handcuff the directors and writers on the projects.
From what I've read, Webb had an idea for an Amazing Spider-Man trilogy, but while they were making the second film Sony wanted to mimic the success Marvel just had with the Avengers by using Spidey 2 to set up other movies. Most of the forced Sinister Six set up came from them and they also cut out a ton of footage. Too bad since I liked Webb's first film. I wish we got Snyder 2 part Justice League. Maybe release it now as animated films or a comic?
Correct. I don't think many people are hoping for a Play Doh movie. I'm all for Hasbro making more films based on their toys (Provided they're good), but keep them separate and really focus on the ones that actually have potential.
Yeah. When they made Spider-Verse and Jumanji, they didn't force the directors and writers to change the films a lot and put in forced sequel teases. They just let those films be good and entertaining films that we enjoyed and now want to see a sequel to. They also have great films from Sony Pictures Classics like Whiplash (One of my favorite movies).
Does the film end well or have any teases of a sequel (No spoilers please)? I love this series and have been hoping this would be a good finale to it.
First time I was ever really invested in the story of a fighting game.
Superman 4 is the worst film on this list. A broken, unfinished disaster with an idiotic plot and some of the worst effects I've ever seen.
It's also fun to watch the cutscene movies people have put together for Injustice 1 and 2.
I tried watching Jason X a few years ago and had to turn it off after like 15 minutes. I also enjoyed the Friday The 13th remake (Fun fact, actor Aaron Woo was in both the Elm Street remake and the Friday The 13th remake). A good/fun slasher film and was disappointed it didn't get a sequel.
That Inhumans pilot is the worst Marvel based thing I've ever seen along with the 90's Captain America film.
Really? Wow. Didn't know that. Never thought I would hear Cronenberg and Jason X in the same sentence together.
I mean it's all subjective of course, but yeah. It does feel like the Disney CBM get more of a pass at times than the other ones from different studios do. The MCU has made some good films IMO like Winter Solider, Guardians Of The Galaxy, Iron Man, etc, but they've also given us mediocre/poor films like Thor The Dark World, Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2, Spider-Man Homecoming, etc. They also suffer from things like not so great color grading, mostly forgettable scores, overuse of humor, weak/underdeveloped villains (Save for a few), etc.
Isn't there like 4 different cuts of Oliver Stone's Alexander though (A critical and box office failure)?
I love her Loony Tunes like abilities.
I'm usually not a big fan of time travel, but DOFP is one the times it's done really well IMO (Along with a classic like Back to The Future). I haven't seen Brightburn yet, but it looks really cool and dark. Maybe the fact that James Gunn and the director of the film used MOS as inspiration means Snyder's film will be one of those films like Fight Club or The Shining (Considered not great when they first came out, but eventually became classics).
Sadly I've heard that the Spawn reboot has been stalled for now. Hopefully things get moving again soon as I like the idea of it being a horror film. Thankfully though, Spawn will be a DLC character in MK 11 (With Keith David returning to voice him).
In Matt Reeves I trust. He gave us 2 of the best made summer blockbusters of the decade in his Planet Of The Apes films.
I'm aware of that, but considering Reeves has already helmed successful blockbusters, I have a feeling WB will allow him to do what he wants.
Yeah. I actually liked the fact that they tried to make Freddy what Craven originally intended him to be. It's really the only way you could make him more evil than he already was.
I think the show redeems their villains a bit too much, but the two best times they've done it IMO were with Discord and Starlight Glimmer. I also liked that despite Discord's apparent reformation in Keep Calm And Flutter On, he didn't truly reform until the end of the season 4 finale. Now he's a good hearted guy who still enjoys causing some mischief.
Agreed. Haley is one of the best actors working today IMO and can play creepy really well. He was the perfect choice to cast as the new Freddy.
Oh. My bad. Thanks. I just kind of had it in my head that he shot both MOS and BVS. Once again, thanks for the clarification. :0)
The Oscar worthy filmmaker Pitof (XD).
As a fan of Venom since Age 5 after watching him in Spider-Man The Animated Series, I really enjoyed the film. Yeah the villain was poor and it was kind of sloppy at times, but it like you said it was a fun popcorn film, Tom Hardy as always is great, and it captured the spirit of 90's Venom to me. Very excited for the sequel and hopefully Woody Harrelson's Carnage is great. I personally hope Morbius is a stand alone film. One of the reasons why I thought Venom worked was because other than the mid credits scene, there was no major attempts at universe building. Sony seemed to have learned their lesson from Amazing Spider-Man 2 and hopefully they continue that with Morbius and Venom 2 other than maybe a few brief mentions of the characters in each film.
Well had they released the original cut of JL, it wouldn't have had a 300 million dollar budget so may not have lost money. Same for Solo.
I don't blame you since anyone can edit IMDB pages. The only reason why I think there's even a small chance this is true is because there was another rumor that suggested a Discord's parents episode a couple months ago.
Just saw on Twitter that Jim Miller squashed these rumors. Now we know for sure. https://twitter.com/TheBiggestJim/status/1139641671564423168
I mean out of all the possible ships fans have come up with, Fluttercord makes the most sense to me given the development of Fluttershy and Discord's relationship.
Sadly, yes. I also remember that when The Dark Knight came out, some fans wanted it to be the best reviewed film IMDB so not only did they all give Dark Knight a 10, they also went to The Godfather (The best reviewed film there at the time) IMDB page and gave it 0's (I'm assuming most of the people hadn't even seen it). Also, here's an IMDB page for a film that doesn't even exist in Felipe The Sentient Dancing Microphone. https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8075446/
He also has the best cartoon of all time with The Spectacular Spider-Man (Also the coolest theme song ever).
Great review you did. Hopefully the 2021 movie has a better script.
I still do. I love the franchise overall and I want to see what I think of it. Though it was disappointing to read that Fox scrapped the original 2 parter idea for this film.
From what I've heard , the movie wasn't entirely M Night's fault. Apparently there was a lot of meddling and clashing during production. https://web.archive.org/web/20171212232703/http://www.joblo.com/movie-news/insight-into-the-failure-of-the-last-airbender-why-m-night-isnt-to-blame-576
Why would audiences think that? None of the Venom trailers showed MCU connections.
Spider-Verse also had that though.
For me, a guilty pleasure is a film that I agree isn't all that great, but I still love it like a great film. There are movies that a lot of people don't like and failed/disappointed at the box office that I enjoy such as Assassin's Creed, Man Of Steel, Batman V Superman, Owls Of Ga'Hoole, Prometheus, Glass, Watchmen, and The My Little Pony Movie, but I actually consider them good movies despite some issues (Although MOS doesn't have that many issues IMO). As far as guilty pleasure films that failed/disappointed financially, my 2 picks are Mighty Morphin Power Rangers The Movie (1995) and Ghost Rider Spirit Of Vengeance (2012). MMPR was a childhood classic for me and my brother and while the movie is incredibly over the top and ridiculous and filled with horrible CGI, I stll love it. And with Ghost Rider, I actually don't think it's the pile of shit most think it is, but I also know it's not that great. That being said, it's incredibly entertaining. Crazy action scenes, Nic Cage unleashed SCRAPING AT THE DOOR!), heavy metal score, a more vicious Ghost Rider with better CGI than the first film, etc.
Have you seen the documentary about it?
Chronicle 2. The original is my favorite found footage film and left the door open for a sequel. Also, Zack Snyder's original 2 parter plans for Justice League.
Such a fascinating documentary. Amazing how the film was so close to shooting before getting scrapped. Also, RIP Schnepp (Director of the documentary). Miss that guy a lot.
Art by Alasou https://www.deviantart.com/alasou
I think Morbius can have some success. Not like $700 million worldwide success, but something like $450 million on a smaller budget than Venom. As for Venom 2, given the surprise success of the first film, the overall positive fan reaction (Despite the negative critical reaction), and it releasing in October like the first film, I think it has a shot at joining the billion dollar club.
I was. I'm excited for this prequel and the actual third film that will wrap up Eggsy's story.
They also used to fully own the Spider-Man TV rights. After they gave them back to Marvel, it's what caused the Spectacular Spider-Man show to get cancelled. Though since they're talking about Spider-Verse TV spin offs and other shows, I assume they worked something out with Marvel/Disney.
I don't think that will happen here. With the first film, they've now already established Venom as a PG-13 franchise. I could understand that concern if the first film was R rated and then the sequel ended up being PG-13, but I think it will be fine.
I agree. They've separated him from Spidey, so why cross them over now?
There's a Spidey cartoon better than the 90's one though IMO (Although the 90's one is fun and introduced me to Venom). It's called The Spectacular Spider-Man. To me, it's the best adaptation of Spider-Man, my favorite cartoon, and one of my Top 3 favorite shows (The other 2 being Breaking Bad and My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic). Such a shame it got cancelled after only 2 seasons. If I could revive any show, that would be the one.
That's what I hope for. Let this Venom series run it's course (Hardy's signed on for 3 films) and then do a new take on him.
I love the Assassin's Creed movie with Michael Fassbender. Yes some aspects of the script feel underdeveloped and there are some deleted scenes that shouldn't have been cut, but I still enjoyed the film because of the performances of everyone involved, the story, the production design, Jed Kurzel's score, and the visual style. It made me a big fan of director Justin Kurzel (Who also did a great job with Macbeth and has a new western coming this year with Russel Crowe). It was also the first film I did an in depth analysis review on. https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/b53j5v/in_depth_reviewanalysis_of_assassins_creed_2016/
Judging by the synopsis, I think it may be a body swap episode (Kind of surprised the show hasn't done one already).
I find The Wolverine very underrated. It never comes up in conversations about the X-Men movies today. Yeah the final battle feels out of place, but everything up until then was great IMO. Second best CBM of that year behind Man Of Steel.
Here's a couple that come to mind The Skeleton Twins- A really good and touching dramady starring Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig. Warrior- A powerful story about estranged brothers and their father starring Tom Hardy (Maybe his best performance), Joel Edgerton, and Nick Nolte (Who was nominated for an Oscar). A Brony Tale- A documentary about the My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic fandom. In an age where toxic fandom has been rising, this film is a great reminder about what a certain property can mean to so many different people around the world.
That's one of Hardy's films I haven't seen, but I'll put it on my list. He's one of my favorite actors working today and I'm willing to watch him in anything (Even a terrible rom com like This Means War).
Sure. I enjoyed Venom and Spider-Verse was great.
I think they'll revive Daredevil, but would they really want to revive something like Iron Fist?
I know. Toxic fandom has gotten worse since I first discovered it in 2012.
Art by Darksly-z https://www.deviantart.com/darksly-z
I'm a big fan of composer Jed Kurzel and my 2 favorite soundtracks of his are for Macbeth and Assassin's Creed (Which were directed by his brother).
I really enjoyed Interstellar. I'll admit that I found parts of the movie kind of sluggish, sometimes an overreliance on expositional dialogue, and the ending didn't 100% work for me. But it's a really bold film for Nolan with excellent performances, a compelling story, Zimmer's score, and stunning visuals. Like I mentioned in the post, X-Men DOFP is my favorite superhero film. Others would include Man Of Steel, Dark Knight, Logan, Deadpool, Spider-Man 2, and Watchmen.
Yeah. She's great in drama, comedy, and even voice work.
Paddington is one of the best family films ever made. And the sequel is even better.
There is a fair amount of that in DOFP, but I it didn't feel unnecessary or beat you over the head to me (Like Inception).
I finished binge watching Breaking Bad this year and it became one of my 3 favorite shows of all time and now I can't wait to see this film. In Vince Gilligan I trust.
It's so good. To me, Spectacular Spider-Man is the best adaptation of the character so far. Such a shame it was cancelled after 2 seasons.
?
So the only thing that determines weather the movies are good or not if he wears that costume? That's ridiculous to me.
Okay, but that's fine. Everybody makes some bad movies.
Don't forget about the original X-Men and it's sequel though (Which helped revive the CBM genre).
Art by Armorwing https://www.deviantart.com/armorwing
Cheers! :0) So if Sucker Punch could get an extended cut, I think there's a good chance the Snyder Cut of JL will be released. I don't know if there's ever been this big of a demand for a director's cut as well.
It's mainly because of the characters. To me, good characters are just as (If not more) important than a compelling story. Gere we have six lead characters that are all very charming and with different personalities/interests and have great on screen chemistry. Most of the supporting characters are also very good as well.
I watched Citizen Kane last year and was very excited to see it. I was into it for the first 10-15 minutes, but after that I found it incredibly slow (And not the good kind of slow) and boring. But I know I'm in the minority and recognize that it's a classic.
Absolutely. Even though I was disappointed in it personally, I do have respect for it.
Art by Lopoddity https://www.deviantart.com/lopoddity
Art by Death-Driver-5000 https://www.deviantart.com/death-driver-5000
Art by Alasou https://www.deviantart.com/alasou
Art by semehammer https://www.deviantart.com/semehammer
From a business POV, no. It's been really successful for them. From my POV however, I wish they didn't. I feel like Disney has made the MCU worse after Phase 1. After that phase ended, I started to notice that a lot of the films had more crappy and misplaced humor, bad color grading, mostly worse villains other than Killmonger and Thanos, etc.
I have a feeling it would since the Paramount MCU still made money, but yeah, things may have been different.
Automatic upvote for something Raimi Spider-Man related.
Not too surprised. The shows went to shit and we lost the last good part of Collider in 2018 when Schnepp died. I loved the original AMC Movie Talk though. I probably wouldn't love movie as much if I didn't discover them. Such a shame the show went to crap.
After how they treated Hulk in Endgame, I don't trust Marvel with the character.
Because I enjoyed the first film and this sequel is helmed by Andy Serkis with Tom Hardy helping write the script.
I don't have an issue with DC films not really focusing on the bigger picture and expanding the universe. Just give us good films whether it's a fun big blockbuster like Aquaman or a deep and dark drama like Joker.
I think they will try another Justice League team up movie, eventually, but I think WB sees that the solo films are working just fine for now. Wonder Woman was a huge critical and box office success and I'm sure the sequel will do great too, Aquaman made over a billion dollars, and a stand alone non DCEU film (Joker) became the first R rated film to make over a billion dollars and is getting a lot of awards attention. I also believe Matt Reeves Batman (Which isn't in the DCEU I believe) could also be a billion dollar film considering all the talent involved and that the last 2 solo Batman films made over a billion. Actually there was a Man Of Steel prequel comic about Kara Zor El. It's available online for free and pretty good. With TV shows, I know HBO Max has a Green Lantern show in the works (And I hope it has a Game Of Thrones like budget and not a CW show one). I don't know if it will be connected to the films though. If it is, could be cool. If not, I'm also fine with it since it would allow the showrunners and writers more creative freedom.
It was my second favorite film of 2013 behind Denis Villeneuve's Prisoners.
If I have to take a guess, Uncharted. I actually think Flash will hit the July 2022 date, but I think Sony will get Uncharted out first by the end of 2021.
BVS actually made money.
What about Derek Savage (Cool Cat Saves The Kids)?
Can't wait to see how Carnage looks in Venom 2.
We'll be getting the first trailer tomorrow. Movie might be great or crap, but I gotta say I like his look. Looks very much like the comics character (Freaky).
Did you see the new leaked pic from today?
Mad Max Fury Road Steve Jobs Macbeth Kingsman The Secret Service Paddington The Martian Ex Machina The Revenant The Hateful 8
It started my falling out with MCU movies, but I still think there have been several really good/great CBM since then like Deadpool, Logan, the Ultimate Cut of Batman V Superman, Venom, Spider-Man Into The Spider-Verse, and especially Joker.
Wasn't that in 2016 though?
I have not seen The Master yet. It's on my watchlist for sure though.
Thanks for the clarification.
Can't wait to see it. Bring on the gory fatalities.
I actually remember owning the DVD of that as a kid. I was shocked that they talked in it.
I get it, but I can't help but be excited.
Sony also distributed Once Upon A Time In Hollywood last year.
Nice. I recently bought a Blu Ray combo at Wal Mart containing the 2017 MLP film and the original one from the 80's (Which I've never seen).
He considers it awful, but the least bad of the prequels.
Happy 20th anniversary to American Psycho (One of my favorite films).
Don't forget he also did Macbeth. And I actually like his Assassin's Creed film. It has issues, but for me the good outweighed the bad and it was the first really good video game film IMO.
I heard that the movie was supposed to be longer, but 20th Century Fox cut the film down so they could get more screenings a day. I feel that was a mistake as the novelization has additional stuff that fleshes things out more and makes the film better.
I heard that the film was cut down from close to two and a half hours to a little over an hour and fifty minutes.
It's also been confirmed to be Rated R and have game accurate fatalities.
Was Marvel going to use him though? I remember Fegie saying that he wanted to use Spider-Man villains that hadn't been the Raimi and Webb films (Green Goblin, Doc Ock, Venom, Sandman, Lizard, Electro, and Rhino).
Great to hear. Really good film. Not as good as Your Name, but still well made, beautifully animated, and worth seeing on the big screen.
I remember Trank saying it would play at festivals later this year.
I actually like the Watchmen film a bit more than the comic.
Art by CatsFM https://www.deviantart.com/catsfm
We got some great comic book movies in the 2000's though like Raimi's Spider-Man Trilogy, the first 2 X-Men films, Blade 2, Watchmen, Batman Begins/The Dark Knight, etc.
My personal pick to direct this film would be Justin Kurzel. I think his visual style and dark tone could fit The Crow very well.
Assassin's Creed is underrated IMO and the best video game film ever made. He also directed a really good Macbeth film in 2015 and has a new film coming out this year about Ned Kelly.
