That's not how games like this works. You can't just delete some random files.
Your personal stats doesn't matter, you get elo depending on if you win the match or not and the ranks of the players
The devs released a dev blog explaining the mmr system a few good seasons ago https://rainbow6.ubisoft.com/siege/en-us/news/152-277344-16/matchmaking-rating-and-ranks
Because its a 99dmg pistol that can down a player even with a headshot and therefore its considered part of her gadget.
Thats not how the season passes work. The season start is the same for all the players. The pass owners get a week access to the operators before people can buy them.
on one of the dev blogs they said they will add a similar feature but with all things r6s, its taking some time.
It will insta ban you if you use a cheat that its known to detect. As with all cheating in online games, people keep making newer cheat programs that get around the system.
Mixed you up with op. can you post a example of your issue,
Well aren't you a special one.
Its considered one of the best shotguns in the game, its no where near underrated. The issue is that shotguns are shit compared to the AR/SMGs in the game due to the oneshot headshot multiplier that shotguns dont have.
If you can't hold off ~~4~~ 5 players rushing with shotguns you will die to ~~4~~ 5 3 speeds with ARs. You just got outplayed, nothing to do with recruits.
Where did this idea that 2FA stops smurfing come from? its all over this sub. 2FA doesnt stop smurfs or cheaters. You can have multiple accounts using the same phone as a 2FA device.
... that has nothing to do with muting coms on players ingame.
That has more to do with him being a 1 speed and other operators having better utility.
While hacking is a possibility this is pretty rare. 900 hours in i've never seen anything like this in high gold/plat ranked games.
That is a valid point when the rest of the attackers have blood ARs with acogs on them.
Mate learn how to use reddit before you start insulting people. Read the thread and the context before replying
If you push up alone as a clash sure. Learn to move back while shocking attackers rather than just standing there waiting to get knifed and have another defender with ya
These maps +the maps in the ranked pool
It's 2x the same player or 3x players within one game. Nade and equipment kills don't count when you are in the middle of the game
Op doesn't understand how r6 season passes work. All the players get the new season on the same date. The pass owners get to play the new operators for a week before the other player can buy the new operators
no he did not, You get a 27min ban as your first warning and then increasing bans if you break tos again. You only get perma bans for manually verified toxic bans which takes a lot more than just calling a player the nword once.
I dont think you'll have much luck on reddit.
and how do you think the player thats playing a 1v5 feels when they dont have any player back filling the game.
Well good thing the game isnt developed around you. The fill in feature was added after the request of the community due to the large amount of leavers in the casual gamemode.
For the most part yeah. It's a lot easier to control recoil using a mouse.
Then they should get one of the members to play bandit rather than buffing kaid to be a one man denial army .
How dare you like something the majority on this sub didn't like. Downvoted /s
Theres another bug where you dont even get the line, the sight is just blank. Good thing she had another pistol with an acog.
Probably said v¡ado rather than viado
At least in australia most of the bigger telcos sell prepaid sims for like $5AUD (free sim + 5 buck topup)
Im not trying to argue for or against the filter, but why do people answer random questions while playing the game? If the other team is asking me questions like delaware senators, characters in other games or cheese brands in ausi, i just tend to ignore it and focus on the game.
Thats a spectator/kill cam bug in the new season. Nothing to do with keyboards and doesn't give any advantages in the game.
[Whats the issue? Themepark has been in the ranked map pool since the start of the ranked map pool.](https://ubistatic19-a.akamaihd.net/resource/en-us/game/rainbow6/siege-v3/ranked-map-pool.png)
So you rather try to get 1 extra kill than having the location of the attacking team which can help you and your team win the match. Keep TKing your team, hopefully you'll get the perma ban soon.
He is a 2 speed 2 Armor. He was buffed a few seasons ago
Was the rook using his pistol? Cause in a straight line with primary weapons kapkan is faster.
Dude it takes like 10mins per week to finish off the TH challenges, its easy renown which helps newer players that plays TH, People that mostly play TH or people that are warming up for ranked.
Its a game, Balance and design.
The 100% cpu usage bug has been in the game since the start, there are a lot of possible community identified workarounds but for some people nothing works. I had a 6600k Overclocked to 4.2ghz and it kept getting 100% usage on all cores and had issues with discord hotkeys, frozen input and i couldnt have anything else running in the background.
Report it to ubisoft, what do you expect reddit to do with these?
You do know you can track people by looking at the heat levels on the footprints to know if the cav moved away from the last drone callout even if you cant actively track the cav while on silent step. Jackal also has one of the best guns on attack so he is very effective as an entry.
1. You dont have to look at your feet to see the heat levels on the foot prints, you can still have your aim chest height while using your peripheral vision to check the foot prints. 2. You have 3 mins to get the obj, You need to clear off the roamers before running into the obj otherwise you open yourself to flanks while in a firefight with the anchors. 3. Re-read my comment about having a support droning the room out for you.
.... You have player1 drone the room, find a cav in the room. Make the callout. You have player2 entry go in the room. Option A: cav does not move cause you don't make it obvious that your drone saw her, Entry shoots at her. Option B: Cav trys to move, either loses the room she was defending or gets shot by the entry.
Cool let me go lesion and twitch so i can get some extra alpha pack chances rather than caring about the team.
Thats because it was the community that wanted the new maps in ranked in the first place. Ubisoft originally wanted a 1 season buffer between the new maps and ranked pool.
If you make all the debris server sided that will add a lot more information that needs to communicated between the client and the server. Not talking about a single window and a door, every little piece of wood that's broken by 10 different players in windows/doosr and the physic calculations on where/how the wood breaks needs to be sent to the server without any major delays. That will shit the servers big time.
Why would they need to make a new email? Most of these broken in accounts already have the game in a higher level or otherwise levelling up to lvl20 takes like 2hs
Replied to the wrong user there.
I believe the console (sony/microsoft) has bans for toxic behavior when using their console chat system. Ie: you tell someone to fuck off. They can report your message and you will end up with a chat ban.
No dev can deal with it since its a hardware based adapter thats mostly used. The native keyboard controls are disabled in rainbow.
just open a ubisoft support ticket for cheating and have that as a evidence. Keep in mind that the instra crouching is a spectator bug and not cheating but you can get him for macro use. Also your post will get removed for witch hunting which is against the posting rules of the subreddit.
Yet there is not a single major dev team that has it implemented.
No uplay doesn't have any hardware bans. It's purely account bans
So you block off any good player that you go up against. When you are playing late night or early mornings, if you blocked off all the good players you will get matched with lower skill/rank players since the servers cant find any other players near your skill.
He is confused about the versions. The starter edition gets you 6 operators, the rest of the base ops are 12k and the DLC ops are 15k and 25k depending on the year. The standard edition gets you all the base operators, DLC are 25k. Gold gets your the standard edition + year pass. Base operators + current year's DLC operators. The remaining dlc ops are 25k. Complete gets your the standard edition + all currently released ops + year pass for current year.
2fa doesn't stop hackers and wasn't made to stop hackers. It reduces the amount of hacked accounts which can sightly reduce the amount of people using throwaway accounts to hack but people using soft aim and walls without being idiots can still play ranked with multiple accounts that they got from sales.
You cant just randomly facecan people for legal issues. your random police department doenst have the same tech as facebook which is one of the largest companies on the planet.
its all about that a e s t h e t i c
its a visual bug, just restart the game and it will update the renown. its fixed on the next patch.
You are comparing dmg in a video game with real world physics. Thats not how game balance work, otherwise the shotguns will be overpowered and nitro cells and nades should take out all the defenders in the room. Like impacts only do 50 dmg. Take that in for a second
This game was never going for realism. it has portable emp nades, heart beat scanners that are wireless, portable and isnt affected by active gunfire right next to it, handheld scanners that can detect small electronic devices through multiple walls.
You dont get boost bans for random matchmaking matches, thats for if you repeatedly squad up with a cheater.
His primary weapons are shit on console. Having a 74 dmg dmr/slug gun with a acog on pc id pretty powerful. Especially combined with a acog pistol and a really powerful equipment
Not everything is a grand conspiracy. The blank ranking is a bug, just like the bug where you don't see how much mmr you won post round
Cheaters are included under toxic players, so you can report both toxic players and cheaters under "report toxic players" unless your doing a manual report ticket under the support site. Banned due to toxic behaviour means that you typed toxic things in in-game chat,[ You can find out what will get you banned following this link.](https://rainbow6.ubisoft.com/siege/en-us/news/152-321200-16/dev-blog-toxicity) Banned by Battleye, It means battleye caught cheating software on your system. Banned for boosted by a cheater means, that you repeatedly squad up with a player that got caught for cheating. When a cheater is caught, any member that repeatedly squad up with them especially for ranked games will also receive a ban. This is to stop rank boosting services. [You can read up more here](https://rainbow6.ubisoft.com/siege/en-us/news/152-331626-16/anti-cheat-update) There are also Team killing bans which have increasing bans if you team kill, its 2 kills of the same player or 3 team kills, within one game. [You can read more here](https://support.ubi.com/en-AU/Faqs/000027080/Temporary-Ban-in-Rainbow-Six-Siege)
yeah known bug, also you dont see the amount of mmr you win/lose at the end of the round.
While not activated IQ cant see him right now anyway and if everyone you talk to says you're not playing him right, you might not be playing him right. He a 3 speed with one of the best primary smgs in defense with a really good secondary. In addition to this he can avoid drones which makes him one of the best roamers in the game, while also being a really good anchor due to the attackers cant find his position before pushing in. Doubling the activation time will bring him back to pre nerf levels of too powerful at avoiding drones, especially late game. Shooting without getting the ability deactivated means he can have a suppressed pistol and shoot drones without giving out his position which is overpowered when roaming.
The TK bans reset after some unstated time(like after a season or so). The toxic bans upto by my knowledge doesnt reset.
&gt; If they can identify use of the devices, Which they can't because it's a external device that mimics a controller as long as the console is considered. This is a console issue not a game dev issue.
Quick question. When did you buy the complete edition?
&gt; She counters lesion, maverick, and valk for plant denials. * She doesnt counter lesion, lesion is a counter for her ability * Mav is an attacker * Valk sure But that being said the most common plant denial is echo which counters her. Even if echo is banned, she will glitch while planting for cams, maestro and valk can still get intel and c4 for plant denial.
Sooo nokk says hi
Just a fyi enabling vsync will add input lag, which makes your mouse movements will have a delay before you see it ingame.
Both, the game has some good graphics(at least for the type of game) but it also needs a lot of cpu performance for the destruction physics. You can download msi afterburner and see your CPU and GPU usage while playing the game to see if its your cpu or gpu thats bottlenecking your performance. But if i had to bet, i would say its your CPU.
That monty had one job holyshit. Good clutch tho
This is the same type of people that really believe that Ash still has a broken hitbox.
Reflex over Holo every time unless theres an acog.
This thread and OP is talking about the console version not pc. But yeah the bugs that exist on the current gen will exist on the next gen consoles after porting.
OP how dare you play a teambased multiplayer game with friends and try to win in said game. casual is for teamkilling randos and just being toxic, you cant try to play the game! thats illegal.
Outside of this season, attackers have claymores to stop runouts and even got an operator that was made to stop runouts (nomad). Also you should have people covering common runout spots if the other team is aggressive.
The prices for the DLC operators dont differ from version to version. All the versions have the same price tag for the DLC operators. If you Buy the Gold edition you'll get a year pass/season pass which will give you a 10% discount on all store items which will reduce the price of the operators as well. All the versions of the game will earn you the same amount of renown per game, there is not different renown rates for different versions. If you have a season pass active it will give you a small renown booster for the duration of the pass. Otherwise you can buy individual renown boosters using money. [If you get the cheapest version atm, you'll get the game. All versions of the game other than the complete edition, you need to individually unlock the operators including the base operators.](https://imgur.com/a/nkm24T1) The base operators cost 500-1000-1500-2000 renown per operator per CTU group. you get around 250-350 renown per win in a casual match.
Cause the gamers finally is starting to rise up. ^^^^^/r/GamersRiseUp
A lot of reeeee i dont take selfies so who cares about the front cam comments.
You really think major phone companies like apple, samsung, huawei, sony and google couldn't manage to put a camera under the screen is due to people not asking for it enough ?
This game only has rank resets at the end of the season, no decay system. You could've played with a hacker on the game, when a hacker is caught all the games they played on gets nulled so if your friend won a game with a hacker, it will remove that mmr.
mate if your only gaming the inbuilt motherboard sound dac will work perfectly fine, especially if you dont have a high end audiophile level headphone. Hell most pros on LAN stages use inear headphones so they can wear it under the noise cancellation gear.
yeah so thats more of a dick move than being " a valid tactic in higher ranks". They updated the game to counter stuff like that.
They'll take it down for a bit until the next game update like the mid seasonal updates
They are still running test releases on the tts and the tts is supposed to run for 3 weeks this year. Where did you see a post on the discord that said its being released tomorrow?
Around $200 bucks for the ecc ram and around $150 for a good nvme drive and then a custom case + support. Any custom computer building computer company like dell, hp and asus wil add a good mark up on that build.
Iphones has a bit of a markup due to branding ture but as a person that only gotten android/samsung devices since forever the hardware on and parts of the iOS is really well made / QC parts. This Monitor and parts of MacPro is really highend niche system/parts that are really competitive pricewise. Reddit is comparing this system for homemade custom builds which will get you laughed out of the office if you suggest that in a high end corporate office. Also part of the reason the stand is so expensive is that its pretty rare for people that buy these systems to use a stand. They normally mount it on a existing stand on their table.
This is regarding the TTS servers. The Devs are testing a few different things so they reverted the dropshot fix temporary. You dont have to do anything special its just back to the old system where you can dropshot.
You'll get the operators and the pass related skins that comes with it. If you buy the operators, you only get the operators.
After getting the first punishment yes. And also the youtube videos. And also reddit posts And also the trolls telling them that the 4 stack can throw the game any time and just leave to play casual without any major punishment.
Its for a professional monitor that cost 5k. Most companies have multi monitor stands or more adjustable stands preinstalled on their tables so anyone buying this stand is going to get it for a niche market in a very highend/highprice market. This isnt a stand for a $500 gaming monitor.
[Heres a guide to check for additional DLC content on ps4](https://support.ubi.com/en-GB/faqs/000025351/Check-if-content-is-installed-on-PS4/)
Just make sure you [dont accidently grind your teeth,](https://www.reddit.com/r/1200isjerky/comments/bvxxlj/oh_no/) otherwise you might wanna start running now.
&gt; voluntarily quits from a match they should not be allowed to re join no matter the circumstance. So how are you going to rejoin the match after restarting the application ?
How are you restarting the app without voluntary quiting said app
Are you retarded? No devs doing to put a ban feature on the quit button on the game menu. Especially a game where you repeatedly have to quit and rejoin the game due to sound and other bugs. You really expect random people to alt f4 the game to fix bugs rather than use the in game quit button.
Its on the Live normal servers, Its the old map with the existing operators. Only difference is the rank settings
No it's technically casual matches since it uses your casual mmr for matchmaking. It doesn't affect your rank or kd
Roaming is like 60% of the game when it comes to bomb. Getting early kills on key operators or delaying the attack team is a core part of the gamemode. If you get rid of the smoke operators that's a pretty big kill for the roaming team. Anchoring early game is mostly intel and coms for the roamer but last game becomes what keeps your team in the game. One good anchor like maestro or echo can solo win a 1v5 if you do your timing and placements right
The pick and ban added like extra 1-2mins into the game. Even with the current system the rank games take around 30-40mins depending on overtime.
Cause non of those maps are in the ESL ProL map pool. Well outside of Vila which is one of the highly picked maps, especially on the EU region
[Link to the R6Pro Sub discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/R6ProLeague/comments/bxirtm/this_is_not_a_drill/)
Yeah its only on ranked mode. Starting next season its going to have pick&amp;ban and also be bomb only.
They used to have vote to kick on rank but people kept trolling and kicking people. If your a solo player it was next pretty fucking hard to play rank without losing elo for kicks.
[You can get it off the ubisoft store online](https://store.ubi.com/us/home/?lang=en_US)
....Give your fucking passport or national ID to a gaming company in order to play a game? Yeah na ill hav fun without risking my privite info being leaked by a database hack on a gaming company. Would you like them to add a fingerprint, Signature and IRL face photo as well?
No the vote to kick is there on the discovery mode due to it technically being a casual game with ranked settings. The official rank gamemode next season will not have vote to kick.
As as long as you login to the same ubisoft account on your new pc it will show up as a downloadable game on uplay.
Please the new recoil nerf is more useless than the first ela recoil nerf. the F2 is for all intended purposes the same gun.
The problem is * The semi auto gun, he will go back to his older days where you no longer has the fire rate of a automatic compared to other operators and has not special ability . So you have a operator with a slightly high dmg DMR. Which can be replaced by an operator like Blackbeard for fragging or dokki for utility and similar playstyle but with a smg has a CQC backup which glaz doesn't have. * The nerf of glaz's banana vision is due to the power of the ability not the gun. Even with a slower firerate gun he can dominate long hallways, bomb plants, angles that the defenders can fight back. So with this change now you have 2 versions of glaz thats has the same issues that was there with him with OG glaz and Banana Glaz
Can you explain a bit more about what you mean by your game glitched? Ah your matchmaking on the newcomer playlist, yeah that tend to have less players so it'll take a bit longer to find a match.
I mean i kinda get where he's coming from. If you dont know about the kill cam bugs or the new lean systems, newer players or more casual players can get confused about how they died by a guy shooting mid air.
As in is the recoil the same on console? No idea will have to wait for the release since console normally has different(less) recoil than the pc version since on pc you can control recoil better. But it will be a similar small recoil nerf that you wont even notice if you normally play a lot of twitch and is used to the normal recoil.
Out of those i would say nomad There is a good chance the IQ Claymore bug might not be fixed in time for the next season. So because of that and just in general its good to have an operator that can block flanks, runouts and ninja defuses. Also if you learn how to play nomad, she basically has not counters at the moment.
Most of the playerbase is back on the live version for the new discovery playlist. The TTS will have longer than normal wait times cause of the lower active players
How dare a game try to have some fun! no fun allowed!
No Outbreak didnt have any PvP content, All gameplay and maps were PvE
Both the game and the game save data is linked to your uplay account. if create a new account you'll have to rebuy the game and you're ingame account will be a new account(level 0). It will not reset the old account data, if you find your password later yu can relogin to that account and play with what you had previously.
She can counter a majority of the defender equipment and track multiple defenders through walls, especially if you have a dokki on your team. The reason you switch to the pistol is for balance reasons, otherwise she'll have no major downsides and no just having the blue overlay isnt a major eough downside to having wallhacks.
Assume you need to be best friends to get a team together. Find a few groups or discord servers, A lot of the people i play with daily are good teammates but not friends in real life, hell dont even know their real names.
After the reduction of prices last season (Base game price/DLC operator price reduction) they reverted the base operators back to the old system where you need to unlock the base operators. The base operators now have to be unlocked which cost 500-1000-1500-2000 per operator per CTU group. This is not a bug, its working as intended. /u/Micha_Smalls
* Its a different studio thats working on it, thats like saying ubisoft should stop working on watch dogs and spend their money on r6s. * Its a different standalone game, this doesnt affect rainbow6seige. * Outbreak outside of the minority amount of people on this sub that doesnt like it, is considered great success that got the game one of the highest player count in its history and got a good amount of money off the packs
Are you shooting near your teammates or are they just running into your fire after you shoot it? Cause the later is just toxic people trying to "troll" people by getting them kicked.
They only removed it on the ESL ProL Map pool. The map is still in casual and ranked modes.
If you can't win 1 attack round and defend 2 defense rounds you were going to lose any way.
It's part of the rank changes. Each team plays 3 rounds on the same side untill the firs team to get 4 points or 5-3 overtime
Its using a new AI system to calculate the rank your going to end up on at the end of the season. Jk, its a bug dont worry, if your rank is 2500mmr its 2500mmr
Any error/warning codes/messages on the kick ?
yeahh its r6s, bugs are life. Just double check your rank using r6tab or something once is a while as a sanity check.
Your probably right but that has to be the worse way of displaying those stats in a game. Its confusing as fuck even for a player thats been playing for a while. [Like 3rd party sites have a 100x better display of rank stats](https://i.imgur.com/GytfQPQ.png) Edit: Also that means anyone that didnt go above gold 4 will have 2500 as their mmr cause thats the highest
Have you checked your ini file to make sure it didnt accidently set a frame cap on your game? [How to check/change fps cap on ini](https://www.reddit.com/r/Rainbow6/comments/9ervki/how_to_fix_your_refresh_rate_being_locked/)
AudioTechnica M50x, good headphone especially if you watch a lot of videos/listen to music on your pc. Be aware that its not that base heavy so if your into that, got the best headphones for you.
welcome to 3 months ago, can i get you som water
He's issue is not his guns. Nerfing the guns won't stop the issue of maverick especially on high level games
He got bored of clash getting all the attention when he was the one that came up with the idea of shooting with the shield up.
You can take the beta label out of rank but you cant take the beta out of the game.
[Check a look](https://www.reddit.com/r/Rainbow6/comments/bzjers/hate_to_break_it_to_you_ubi_but_clash_needs/)
There are multiple videos of clash shooting people with the shield up after the season release update and all of the videos show the other players freaking out and not being able to just shoot clash. This arnt a visual glitch.
Cause its not part of the pass? The seasonal weapon skins and uniforms are 3-4 gun skins and a common themed set of uniforms for the operators. These uniforms are expensive and are normally sold as bundles which is a good source of income for the dev team. Puting all of the uniforms and gun skins on top of the other stuff that'll be in the season pass seems to be a lot of stuff for the price of the season pass
Cause they were trying to fix something else and they somehow accidentally added / removed the fix for drop shotting. The shield glitches are also still in the game. Most of these are expected to be fixed later this season, hopefully around a month or so.
Ya need some glasses if you think the two look anything alike.
Dont you know that they changed the physical exam to a weight exam? The standard is to compare the person thats being tested to a 15 year old Estonian boy.
There no set weight requirement as long as your not really under or over weight. She is in a healthy weight range and if she can handle the testing requirement she in the team.
If 2 of your team mates leave. Unless your smurfing, your not wining a equally matched game.
Quickly change between gun attachments to see the differences. Just simply test your recoil consistently without having to deal with bots and have targets at different ranges that are marked. Change operators on the go without having to finish the round. It's a QoL feature
Its there are brand new players who might be confused by the large number of operators to play. Its supposed to be a difficulty rating on how much map knowledge, game knowledge and skill a player needs to play said operator. For anyone thats been playing the game for more than 30hs, its complete bs and might as well be a RNG.
Chimera was hard but atleast it came with a new temp gamemode that had 3 maps, Like them or not 3 new operators with new guns and abilities and outside of the hackers that used the teleportation in pve no major ingame bugs iirc
With this update they pushed a soft reset system into rank. Your starting rank is between 2500 and your last seasons rank. So depending on the rank the 5 different players ended up last season, your team will get different placement ranks even if you played as a 5 stack this season. Like a diamond last season and a sliver last season playing together and win all 10 games will have very different placement ranks.
Are you redeeming your code on the ubisoft page or in the uplay activation method? http://rainbow6.com/redeem https://support.ubi.com/en-AU/faqs/43294/Chibi-Figurine-Promotion-Claiming-your-free-Chibi-charm-for-Rainbow-Six-Siege-R6S/
Not really a good thing but its easier to use old reddit at work since it just looks like a support page if you only read text based subs.
&gt; Hindi construction recognizes the terrible things now associated with the Holocaust and choose not to use it in favor of alternate symbols. Maybe in western countries, Asian countries especially south asian countries while we understand the relation to the holocaust will still use the symbol especially for religious reasons.
Are you a roamer or a anchor type player. Also utility and coms or pure fragging skill? Alibi is a fragging operator with impacts for quick rotations, the holos are very stuational. Mira is a utility and intel, has a high soft destruction shotgun. The black mirror for intel and c4 for denial so you need a bit of placement knowledge and good coms if you've already used your c4.
yeah thats a different bug but the "feature" was in the game.
You'll remove impacts off his cold dead body. Dude can not only block upto 4-5 walls, he can impact trick to stop most inside walls. remove the c4 and give back the barb but stay away from the impacts.
You'll probably like alibi more than mira then. Unlike the other 1 speeds mira doesnt even have an acog so she is the definition of an anchor operator.
Its a female operator. BACKGROUND For reasons of National Security and currently active missions, Nøkk’s records are sealed at NATO Confidential security clearance, but her files have been released to Six - [Ubisoft official operator bio](https://rainbow6.ubisoft.com/siege/en-us/game-info/operators/nokk/index.aspx)
A lot of at least american army guys are saying thats really uncommon to carry sidearms. Soo no on that Life, common sense, and logic
Most of the time it doesn't stick for me is if I put it on too of a object like a box on the floor and then get on the drone and try to stick it to the roof. You move it a mm off the box and it sticks when you jump
No they took it out cause they wanted operators to not have claymores untill the bug is fixed. They even stated on the patch notes that she'll get it back after the glitch is fixed.
Cause the matchmaking doesnt care about gold or diamond since it uses its own mmr score.
And thats 2 more shots than the enemy operator has. You're slow reaction time should be a reason for operator buffs
Bruh your comment bugged out and posted the same thing like 5 times
There are 10 other operators behind bb in pick rates and a bunch more if you look at the [win rates](https://rainbow6.ubisoft.com/siege/en-us/news/152-347920-16/y4s13-designers-notes). Also this is pure round pick/win rates not individual gunfights and holding corners that has a effect outside of pure win/loss in a match.
There is a very big difference in sound between people talking in a group vs a ipad on high volume.
&gt; Wouldn't be the first time a game company's updated an engine but ezpz other sarcastic bullshit here What major AAA game updated the engine post lunch multiple years into the lifecycle? Also the devs cant even keep current workload with the op+map+content, Carrying on dev work in the middle of this is not going to happen or even realistic.
Then even if you start on defense you should be able to get 1 round as a defender and then win your attack rounds
Why are you blaming the devs for a feature that the community requested? The devs wanted a season buffer between adding a map and adding that map into the ranked map pool, But the community requested the map to be added to the rank pool straight out the bat since you cant train strats on casual.
But if you lose 3 rounds of defense that kinda on your team dont you think? Lets remove the att defs argument, Even with the old rank system, if you cant find a single attack round your going to lose the game. You really need to atleast win 1 round on the otherside. With the 3 round system, if a team can win 3 rounds in one side, technically the other team should also be able to win 3 rounds. If they cant, that means the other team is not at the same skill levels.
Its a bug caused by another fix they added in, Its a know issue and will be fixed as soon as possible. Its acknowledged in the season patch notes.
it was a good clip, just 3mins a tad too long :)
Thats your idea of a lock on? Looking at a guy whos body is outlined and aiming at their head? There is no fucking way your avg plat 2 and think this is hacking, especially hacking on a console.
This is where you draw the unrealistic line? Not the opeator with a portable baseball emp nade that only damages the other team's equipment? Not the handheld heartbeat scanner that isnt affected my active gunfire next to it? Not the healing bullet wounds within a few seconds and recovering health after a friend pats you down? Not the operator with a portable ADS system that deactivates nades mid air ?
But its a video game, a major point of video games is to be able to do things that are not realistic in real life. Hell one of the most unrealistic operators is selge, Creating a same sized walkable hole with one hit every time you hit different types of walls? Having a really special girl getting pass physical testing into a CTU like GROM is more realistic than that.
Because these are mainstream fun action video games not battle sims. They want all types of people to play these games and most of the maintain community doesn't care if the game is "unrealistic". They care if its fun and a thing they want to get into. Both siege and battlefield was not realistic games in the first place, This is really weird line to start arguing about realism
A lot of things in this game is pandering. Shotguns being nerf to shit in a cqc game is pandering to players that want balanced weapons. Weapons in real life isnt balanced, a good semi shotgun will be extremely op in this game. Not having damage according to the bullet calibre/guns is pandering to the casual players that doenst want to deal with that. The hitboxes are pandering to the classic fps market, a bullet to the knee should immediately disable a operator. Hell the firing is from the scope in this game not the gun barrel.
But they're not, its darker. Might want to recheck your monitor brightness.
That and realistic gunplay like arma, insurgency will kill any idea of balance. 5v5 shotguns with one shot kill, fuck that.
Not a 100% sure since they didnt clearly mention it on the patch notes. But since they said a middle mmr rather than just having different brackets, i believe its your latest mmr.
Cause they did what a large number of the community wanted?
No they go away after 90s. Footprints are color-coded depending on their recency. Trackable footprints start off red at 0 seconds, become yellow at 20, light green at 45, light blue at 65, and disappear at 90.
Thats directly from the operator wiki.
Nice writing class's assignment you got there
You only get banned for boosting if you repeatedly squad up with a cheater. If you get matchmade/queued with a cheater you'll not get a boosted ban. You will however get those rank games with the cheater in get nulled and your mmr removed (if you won) or added back(if you lose)
This thread is around 7h old. Mate get some sleep
Cause on attack firepower isnt everything. There are other operators that bring similar firepower but with better team based utility.
Its will help with impact tricking but plant denial is being hit hard.
Get another game to relax, especially something like a singleplayer game. Even pro players takes small breaks from the game.
That's cool but littery any game that's not a competitive fps game.
Yeah knowing competitive gaming, giving one player 2 days is going to cause other players asking for weeks or months. Rules are rules.
[I know you couldnt magically see the future but yeahh ESL is sticking with the rules and he is delayed for the first game.](https://mobile.twitter.com/TSM_Beaulo/status/1140433617388105728)
How is apple's phone lunch responsible for a shitty store/telco that doesn't respect pre approved vacation dates. Thats 100% on the "cell phone company"
Wtf does that have anything to do with my comment?
No jokes allowed, is super serious sub only for the highest IQ discussions /s
Running gta on a 5400rpm hdd can cause poppins and other small issues but i don't see that it would cause freezing issues in games. Especially not on games like csgo
Not going to happen without a major a rework on the building's lighting and the game engine. They can make a map with the lights turned off but a dynamic lighting change throughout the map mid game is not going to happen with the current game.
&gt; upstairs is a nightmare to defend, the only viable spot is basement because it doesn’t have a million windows to watch Stop peeking into the windows, use the massive amount of intel operators to get the intel on the windows rather than face checking them. &gt; three attack and defense thing ruins the game. Let’s say we’re on house, Lets not cause thats not in the rank map pool. Or do you have to make gameplay changes using bartlett as an example ? &gt; but it’s a good example No its not a good example, its a good map on what maps shouldnt be on rank. Name 1 Rank map with 3 attacker sidede rooms in the map.
Thatcher doesnt really turn off any real lighting in the map . It only turns off a select few lighting sources but the overall lighting in the map is already "baked" into the map. The current game engine and the game is not made for massive dynamic lighting changes in the middle of the match.
Its a completely different game made by a different dev team, using different gameplay and its a coop game focusing on a story. Just cause its a rainbow game that uses siege operators doesnt mean it can be added as a DLC into a 4 year old game. especially not &lt;$30
The attacker bans affect the defender bans. Like baning thermite and hibana will make any breach denial operator bans not that effective. Banning IQ normally mean the defenders like their Intel operators like Valk, echo, lesion, its good information to have before you start banning defenders.
There is a visual bug where some/new packs arnt shwon in the main menu. When you restart the game it resync with the servers and shows the current amount.
All the operators you get off the year passes are yours forever. You dont have to buy the operators, the early access is just a bonus for pre purchasing the operators via the pass.
I know i sound like a jackass but Thats why those tournaments are called majors, Bigger prizepools and more reputation.
&gt;He was fine in Year One No he wasnt. With the one shot kill he was op, with the banana scope he was op as a smoke entry fragger. Just removing the banana scope isnt going to fix the glaz issue, he has been a troubled operator since the start. Snipers, much like static operators like tachanka just doesnt work with the current meta.
Where in his comment did he say anything thats near "any of his belongings are more important than the lives of others"
&gt; Be mean back How is that going to fix the issue of OP losing mmr due to something they have 0 control over?
Its a good shot, especially on a controller.
&gt;literally never heard anybody who clutches a 1v5 joke saying hacker ... what rock do you play under? Jokingly calling hacks, Having a good gaming chair etc.. are common sayings. Hell go watch a twitch stream on high rank player or even proL and you'll see people jokingly call hacks or VAC on a really good shot.
Echo and mira is banned daily on the proL games as well. This doenst mean they are OP. It means they are extremely good at countering the attacker's push/plant. Just having a echo or a mira doesnt mean they defenders have an advantage like OG Ela or OG Blackbeard. But having a good echo can mean a badly timed planting can be stopped and a 1v5 echo can clutch a game. They'll surely take the stats into account but pick and ban alone doesnt mean much.
Bigger the game gets, the more toxic players join in. Competitive fps game with individual operators,TK, kick and surrender features means a lot of toxic players that enjoy messing with people.
People were joking around that G2 will ban lion non-stop but by the looks of it i think its going to be a perma ban for G2.
Here is a real life reply i've gotten for that reply. "I only go to fb and i dont download those games like you kids do, so i dont have to worry about viruses." Anyone demanding to use win7 over win10 these days wont listen to logic or reasoning.
What about it do you not like? You got 3 really good bomb sites, the top floor is now playable without having to clown car jump the hatch and you can attack the bottom sites now without having to do a kitchen take.
Cause unless your an entry fragger, chances are if you're in a firefight you already are aiming down sight when it comes to proL. Most people would rather have reduced recoil over slightly faster ADS time since all you need is one well aimed shot.
Whats your ubisoft username?
All of the nerfs and buffs at least in the last 4 seasons has logical reasons for them. They dont make changes for the hell of it even if a majority of the community asks for it.
Its a visual bug, just restart the game and it will pop up after.
&gt; NovaKUN_R6 cant find an account with that username. sure you didnt change it ?
Whats your old username cause i cant find any account with that new username on r6tab.
They added some uniforms into the packs within the last year or so. Common examples are [Rook](https://i.redd.it/0pxjn1rx7pk11.jpg) and [Jager](https://i.redd.it/b67mz4uu7gk11.jpg)
weird flex with the charm but yeah its a nice skin.
People really make that type of comment. Especially after the twitch nerfs
Outside of a player confirming in chat that they are going to ddos a server. Ubisoft can't track down a bot net and then link that to a ubisoft account/player. Hardware and IP bans don't work due to their dynamic nature and the fact that ubisoft isn't a it security group that can spend days tracking one user down because they overloaded 1 game server. That's not realistic in both money and time wise Tldr: it's seriously that hard
This is a general Rainbow six sub so discussing older and newer rainbow6 games is fair game. the new game will probably have another sub dedicated to it similar to how Battlefield has a general sub while having other battlefield 3/4/V subs so they can have specific discussions on the game.
There are different budgets for different departments for different teams for different objectives. More than a million dollars where made by the SI packs before players wanted to increase the prize pool. The increase of prize pool brings in more viewers to the International game which brings in more players which brings in more money. The prize pool was controlled by the marketing and esports departments not the development team. Hiring people doesn't magically fix issues, hell irl experience hiring large amount of new people causes more issues and bugs, especially on a project like gaming development on a older engine thats been running for 4+ years. Also 2M for game like R6 is chump change, they made that purely off packs.[ Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege, Ubisoft made$440 million in the year 2018 alone,](https://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2019-01-16-fortnite-tops-2018-superdata-chart-with-usd2-4b-digital-revenue) This is not a money issue.
It used to be released at the start of the other year's pass activation date. This year theres a change/delay with the year bundle for year 3.
Rank &gt;Too sweaty for my taste. R.A.N.K. Bruh
You can have multiple accounts on one phone due to how Google authenticatior works.
Well the orignal plan for the 2FA was to reduce hacked accounts. Ubisoft doesnt wont to stop smurf accounts, Thats additional money. On PC unless you purposefully derank, your smurf will catch up to your main pretty fast. They need to add a rank cap for queuing with friends. On consoles the issue is that you can make a smurf account for free upto around 8 accounts per console i believe.
Lion paring is commonly Dokki, Jackal and other fragging operators like ash. Dokki: Lion makes people not move without getting tagged, Dokki gives away location of the players. Combined you get roamers that have a ringing phone and cant even get away to turn it off. Jakcal: Similar thing, Ping gives away location and lion keeps them there. Or if your roam hunting, corner your roaming into a room, drone and lion so they cant run away while your fragger is peeking in for the kill
Do you normally play a lot of casual games? Do you win a lot of casual games? Your levels have nothng to do with matchmaking. If you win a lot of casual matches your casual mmr will increase and you'll be matched with higher skilled casual players. If you mess around a lot in casual/lose or dont play a lot of casual you'll have normal/low casual mmr which means you'll get matched with other players like you or newer players that has low casual mmr.
No it doesnt, anyone using k&amp;M are using a 3rd party adapter and its technically considered cheating to use it on console r6s.
Drop and crouch spamming is back this season due to a bug on the pc version.
You also got a silent running glitch that can be used by any operator. Pretty good season / year
According to the community rep, its your last rank/mmr for the season. https://twitter.com/ItsEpi/status/1130528453634269184?s=19
You get a smurf account(second account) and derank it to copper. Then 1-2 players on their main accounts play with those copper accounts. Now you got a 5 stack of plats playing against slivers so they can boost their main accounts to diamond and act like they are pros.
There is no IP=invisible option when it comes to online servers. DDoS protection on a service that has millions of users is a very expensive thing that take a lot of manpower and development.
Toxic behaviour or cheating?
Do you have a timestamp or clip of a proL player using it in a match? Cause those guys dont normally try to use bigger glitches like silent sprinting. On a normal game glitching doesnt get you banned, No jager, IQ, Clash, OD Monty/blitz glitches ever got a ban for glitching since it doesnt have any external assist.
His question is that you needed to get to lvl20 or lvl30now to unlock rank. You not only did this but also played 10 rank games within 3hs of ingame time which is next to impossible
Yeah depends on the ad system. If its something like google they'll know what type of boats his parents like down to brands, type, models and colour. People really underestimate data collection and think echos are actively listening to them talk 24/7 rather than oh shit i give them my data already.
Go to r6tab.com or r6.tracker.network and type in your username / platform.
IQ can in most maps Wallbang through the floor both the yokais and echo.
Saying to play jager rather than bandit is like saying dont play thermite play Capito. They're two completely different operators with different use cases with the only common thing being 3 speeds. Just ignore them and play what you have fun with.
Hibana is good for rooms with multiple hatches and making multiple crouch holes. Thermite is good for talking down major walls next to the obj for rushing into the obj and/or smoke planting. Two different playstyles and different end results. Thats like comparing IQ and Ash. Both 3 speed fraggers but different utility.
I cant personally help you with the lore and appearance backed pickrates since thats not something i care about in this game but if you want just pure stats siegeGG is a really awesome 3rd party that helps Ubisoft out with their stats in the pro scene. In addition to that you got the [official pick rates every season](https://rainbow6.ubisoft.com/siege/en-us/news/152-347920-16/y4s13-designers-notes) that'll give you a idea of community favorites every season and if you check the older dev blogs you can really see how the different operators changes affected their pick rates. Also you can see the difference between community favorites vs pure gameplay favorites by comparing the community pickrates vs the [pro League pick rates](https://www.reddit.com/r/Rainbow6/comments/ai51y9/pick_rate_in_pro_league_season_9/) [Also this is a bit dated b](https://www.reddit.com/r/Rainbow6/comments/7orrgv/operator_ranking_by_rogue9_using_data_from_a/)ut this gives you an idea of the communities idea of fav/good operators, Some or most of these numbers differ from the "real" pick rates so you can see the difference in favoritism for some operators from the community.
You technically have to enable the scope when you start the match by clicking the enable primary gadget button. Otherwise OP will be looking at the standard ironsight/scope they have on.
The reason they dont allow you to pick sites in casual is to force you to learn different sites and how to defend them. Its so new players dont just learn the core 1-2 sites and not learn the maps and other sites.
&gt;It’s been maybe 2 weeks now and this shit is still happening. This is a issue thats been there since the start of the internet / online gaming. its not going to get a fix any time soon.
You really think ddosing on games originates from 4chan? What is this CCN and how the elite hacker 4chan is breaking our games thread? Yes 4chan has threads on how to ddos game servers, Same thing with reddit subs or neogaf if you look for it, Hell there are discord servers with this shit and people discussing different services/botnets that provide better/faster/cheaper DDoSing . DDoSing isnt new knowledge, its been there for ages.
It said its being reviewed, you no longer get banned for every single word you say. If the person reviewing it sees that your only tagged for this one thing in a week or so chances are you won't get a ban for it.
This for the 100th time is a console hardware issue not a game dev issue. All the game sees is controller inputs due to the way the k&amp;m Adaptor works.
A bear attack and a human fight are two completely different things to defend against.
It's just a bug. Restart the game and if your on pc restart uplay while your at it.
... The diamond charm. You get the charm for the highest rank you gotten in any region within the season.
Unless you mixed up y1 with y4 no rank didn't have vote to kick for years
Do you mean the w/l count or the w/L ratio stats on your scoreboard? Cause the more you play the harder it becomes to change the ratio due to the large number of games you've played on your account. If you just mean the count of wins and loses, which site are you looking at ?
&gt;the red dot in some situations just for a more zoomed in scope than the reflex, Reflex, holo and the reddot all have the same zoom.
The new IP login detection uses the location data of the IP to detect login attempts from locations that the user is not commonly logging in from. Or with services like google, any new device logging into your account will trigger the alarm. If google just bans your account and IP, All you have to do is get a new IP and create a new account, boom you got gmail again. Thats why a lot of hackers dont hack on their main account or use smaller hacks like walls and soft aim rather than teleportations on their main accounts.
Its training operators for CTU operations not war zone operations. Almost all the operators in the game is there due to their skill sets and expertise not pure physical ability. If a real word operator makes and patent a portable EMP for example, Damm straight they'll hire her as a training consultant for their CTU operator training sessions.
VPNs are one example of getting around the IP bans. &gt;spoofing is and how Majority of the worlds ISPs use dynamic IP addressing so IP bans dont work. in Countries like australia You wont need VPNs, all you need is 5mins and a simple request to the ISP to give you a new IP.
Australia is a example, i cant note down every single country that has dynamic addressing. &gt;It takes 30 seconds to make a new account and another minute to setup 2S, but adding 5 minutes to reset your ip and so on would deter many of them What kind of logic is that? you have to grind out the game until you get to lvl 30 anyways. Reset your IP, Go take a piss and get something to eat, done new IP. This is a extra 1-5min one click workaround thats not going to deter anyone who is going through the trouble of making a new account, resetting up 2FA, grinding out 30 lvls.
Lvl 1 hacker bandit vs lvl 100 Elite P90doc hacker.
Cause on pc if you want really win the game you can just enable walls or aim or wrose cause teleporting hacks rather than having to take the server down.
Its a lot easier to get the rank you were in this season due to the rank reset. If your med/high plat, its fairly easy to get your placement rank as high plat 3. If you were something like copper or silver, you're placement matches will be a lot better matchmade with other sliver ish players due to the soft reset. If you were a lower rank player, yes it will be a bit harder to rank up to higher ranks since you start off with a lower rank than 2500(hardreset)
IP bans dont work, Majority of the countries have dynamic IP addresses from their ISPs. All you need to do to get a new IP is disconnect from the ISP and reconnect. Which takes like 5mins.
Its only a temp ban, The operator will be allowed as soon as the bug is fixed.
Yeah good luck using anything online thats somehow doesnt have anything to do with Azure or AWS services.
&gt; they’ll have to let players transfer it No they dont. &gt;I also bet it will have cross platform play, and M&amp;KB support for consoles Wont stop K&amp;B players playing against controller players since all of the players using k&amp;m right now is using adapters to convert the K&amp;M into controller input.
Just like the last time this was posted. That's a shoulder shot which isnt a headshot
It used to have the defender Icon when they are detected outside, This was changed after alibi since her holos are detected as a defender outside. If it shows a icon anymore you can easily detect a alibi trick runout, with the new detection its hard to tell if its a single alibi outside or 2 defenders holding 2 different angles after running out.
All 4 sites on consulate is extremely defendable. Visa and lobby holds just need vertical gameplay a lot more than the other 2 sites.
&gt; what if there was a system to identify known game breaking glitches such as the iq glitch ..if a ingame system can detect a glitch, the devs need to know the glitch and detect it so they can tech the system. If they can do all of that majority of these glitches can be fixed will before updating the detection system. This is a extremely advance system that doesnt add much into the system. If they have a system that can detect anomalies like ingame glitches, their anti hacking solution will be magical.
Hit reg and servers are fine. The issue is with lag spikers and DDOS issues. Majority of the "hitreg" issues videos online on reddit and other sites are people hitting shoulder and headgear and complaining about headshot hitreg. &gt; clash broken, iq broken Making a new game on a new engine wont stop random glitches. Glitches will be found on the new game as well, especially highly competitive games like r6s. Yes the engine has its limitations but remaking the game on a new engine, Porting all the maps and operators or making new operators will take a lot of manpower, time and money. After all that you still have to market it and support that game while end of life supporting r6s. Marketing a rework or v2 of a competitive as a new game is difficult, especially when r6s with all its issues are currently going well playerbase wise. You cant sell a full priced rework to the existing playerbase who has paid items in this game without making a brand new v2 game.
This is a community run fan sub, if you want to report glitch/hacker or any toxic behavior report to the [support page not reddit](https://support.ubi.com/en-US/Cases/new?template=R6CheatReportPC)
There are multiple entries for the attackers at multiple floors. Multiple vertical destruction angles for all of the sites with a lot of external lines of sight to block defender rotations. Hell its good enough for multiple pro players to say its good enough for proL in addition to the kafe add to the proL map pool. The only reason outback is even sightly defender favored is cause its a new map.
If its casual the game should be over not have match point on a 3-2 game.
Basic speed hacks are already detected and consistently banned. Dont believe me? Try running something like cheat engine and playing a couple of games online. The Teleport hacks thats commonly used these days are using ingame features, Mainly leftover features from outbreak. Cant really have your anti cheat banning ingame features without a lot of accidental bans.
&gt;Why? One marketing isn’t an issue lol. Marketing is a hell of a issue. R6s is a live service game that has a active playerbase. Marketing the same game but with a new engine is only going to make sense to brand new players or the hardcore playerbase. Your casual player isnt going to rebuy the same game. Also Marketing is going to be a shitstorm when majority of the new games gameplay is the same as your older game, Same theme as the older game and the same operators as the older game. Porting/upgrading your current game into a new game engine isnt a 1month walk in the park. The game engine is a core part of the game, changing that takes months of dev work which means a ton of money. Only way that's going to happen is if the community is okay with no future updates to this game, no content updates to this game and then rebuying a full priced game at the end of things. R6S v2 is not going to happen for a few good years.
They probably found another method rather than the just have a bunch of spaces but its a common trolling thing. dont worry about it.
[27th June](https://rainbow6.ubisoft.com/siege/en-us/news/152-351585-16/y4s21-patch-notes)
Further changes for Reverse Friendly Fire will come during Year 4 Season 2. We will introduce situations where the system will activate for the whole squad. How gadgets will react and behave under Reverse Friendly Fire will also be fine-tuned based on data and feedback. We look forward to sharing future developments with you. [This dev blog](https://rainbow6.ubisoft.com/siege/en-us/news/152-349093-16/dev-blog-reverse-friendly-fire-update)
&gt; For some reason everyone **believes this to be 100% true** and the entire socitey bends all of our ingenuity, economy and resources to survivng this. A lot of stupid people still either dont believe global warming is a real thing or just dont care about it.
You get the last recruit loadout you played auto selected to you.
Shotguns dont have headshot multipliers.
You only get banned if you also become toxic in chat. They cant record hours on hours of 35m accounts worth of audio records, unlike chat logs. If you have a toxic player thats using the voice function to be toxic, record that and report it to the r6 support page on the sidebar.
They were set at 1.5x multiplier, but we have reduced this to 1x. Since the shotgun spray is random, that made them feel a little more inconsistent, sometimes needing three shots at a certain distance, other times needing two or even one because you hit the head. This will ensure that at a certain distance, players will more often need the same amount of shots to take their opponent down. [Patch 5.0](https://rainbowsix.fandom.com/wiki/Rainbow_Six_Siege_patches/Patch_5.0)
&gt;taking the higher road and just nutting them, Due to the high amount of children playing this game its advise that you do not nutt on your teammates.
Thats cause people are very weird in casual games. Diamond players could be playing with a 5 stack as a warm up where they have their aim on point vs drunk solo casual where they die within 30s of spawning. Soo the casual mmr for a diamond can be anything from a diamond to a copper while still being a diamond rank player
Cool so now you got 2 dead people on the round. Good job!
Have you tried getting a SSD tho ?
Also Battleye is a PC based anti cheat and is not a thing thats used on the console platforms.
The more expereience people have, the less time people spend on basic stuff. When the game came out people didnt know the maps or the operators outside of the basic equipment and the fact that its a fps. Now you even a high gold player will know the quickest way to navigate a map, Where the default cams are and where to soft breach in order to rush into the obj.
Saying the term SSD will now get you a 20day ban.
Why are you pushing a cornered fuze shield. That pistol has one of the best hip fire spread on a shield operator. Keep your distance, use your ela mines and try using the pistol with your distance advantage if you don't want to use the shotgun at that range.
Cant because there are Official 3rd party controllers, Accessibility controllers, other device external usb devices, native K&amp;M compatible games and elite controllers etc... Only thing the devs of a game can do is disable native K&amp;M support which r6s had disabled since forever. Its annoying as fuck but its not a easy thing to fix. All competitive shooting games has this issue on console. Epic tried to fix the problem and they banned a bunch of normal players with elite controllers and the adapter companies had a workaround fix within 24hs.
Different types of roaming, Cav is a ambush try roaming op that feeds on teams with bad coms and bad droning. Vigil is a jager like operator where you roam and hold down a room with their really good guns as much as they can then rotate around using the impacts.
Developers are not some know it all gods, They have their specialization areas of knowledge. You cant put a dev thats been working on operator mechanics into a network (ddos) or hacking issue. Sure they'll advice if its related to a operator feature or ability but they cant just jump around to different teams to fix everything.
Yes cause the devs making a new uniform set is the same group of devs thats dealing with the glitches and hacking issues.
&gt; it would be as simple as saying "hey you guys working on shields, spend a day on twitch looking for definite proof of someone hacking and we'll ban them" You have community related staff for that. Multiple times people get bans mid streams when they find hackers playing against high end streamers. This isnt a 5 person dev team that needs to have the new content devs looking at twitch or working on anti hack development. For the 1000th time they have different teams for different times and for the battleye team finding methods to detect and stop hackers is high priority. Adding more devs from unrelated teams into that team will not speed things up.
Yes but they cant just ban people for looking like they are using K&amp;M. There are a lot of players on PC that if you show their gameplay to a normal player will say 100% their hacking, while they arnt. If a company is going to ban people for using K&amp;M they need more proof than "its looks like they are using K&amp;M"
Name one online FPS game that doesnt have a hacking/cheating issue. Even CSGO, Which is a game thats been out for longer, Has a much larger pro scene and larger playerbase and market name still has a massive hacking issue. Its a much simpler game compared to r6s yet it cant deal with simple spinbot without them wasting time on multiple matches. There is no single "effective" anticheat. As long as the game exist there will be hacks and larger waves of hacks everytime the hackers find a major issue. Everytime thats fixed theres a massive ban wave. Thats just how online games work.
Yeah but then you have a younger kid that you're actively taking care of. His co workers might not know about his wife's super young sister.
Cause casual runs off its own mmr not the rank mmr. It doesnt care if you're a diamond or a copper, it cares about your casual performance.
im guessing thats eas. Try seas and eau. Im on eau (aus) but sometimes we get placed on Seas and they at least understand english. You could try japan wja but they dont really speak a lot of english unless you run into a highschooler that does english or something. Otherwise give west us a shot wus https://support.ubi.com/en-us/Faqs/000024723/Rainbow-Six-Siege-Manual-Datacenter-Selection
Yeah lets just record the voice coms in a game with 35m accounts. Yo mark we need all of our income this year to spend on storage servers.
Thank the queen jim here came in and explained the joke. Whatever would we do without you 👍
I mean thats pretty useful since the game still doesnt have the year 3 bundle ingame. Plus you get the season pass uniforms for the year 3 operators and stuff if you really want them.
Ahh maybe a semi no on the crap call outs. Heard my fair share of people mixing left and right, calling the wrong stairs or the wrong site for defusing
Its just a colour code issue. Also most of the stuff is server sided changes which doesnt take much to change. Also the bigger issue is not being able to type symbols like &lt; &gt; cause of the chat lag fix blocking symbols.
Technically you made the hostage run through the trap. Same as running out a balcony to kill the hostage. But technically its kapkans trap so he'll get the RFF for downing the hostage as well.
Ash hitbox memes in 2019. wewlad
The Elites are a pure income method for the dev team since all the gameplay related content is renown unlockable/free, They will not make elites a renown based unlock.
There is nothing wrong here. if they catch a hacker, they Null the results of all the rank games the hacker was in. This is the same in csgo. They want the game to have 0 impact rather than just giving the mmr to the other team.
[Bottom of the page select the game version and then top right add report](https://imgur.com/a/mts64Js)
[To acknowledge this, from this day forward we will now be giving users karma for text-posts. This will be combined with link karma and presented as ‘post karma’ on userpages.](https://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/4tmb16/karma_for_textposts_aka_selfposts/) Dudes a bit of a douche but stop downvoting the dude for telling the truth.
So you just play casual?
While you have real life stuff to deal with. The devs have talked about this before, they don't want you to be afk at the start of the round and still have a adavatsge of having your first choice operator. If you are afk at the start you'll put your team in a disadvantage by having a random operator. (a lot better than the old random recruit)
Smurfing is not against the ToS of the game. Thats why reporting smurfs dont work since its legal.
If the post isnt removed before it gets a lot of discussion going on/upvotes the mods tend to leave it since people on reddit gets angry when front page posts are removed. Also keep in mind these are just a group of fans running a fan page, no one is getting paid to monitor the new page 24/7. If you really want to have the whole sub follow the rules, feel free to monitor the new page and report any rule breaking posts.
Not every operator will be proL viable. There are some operators that works really well in pro level games while being under used/powered in normal rank. Lion for example, Really good proL operator due to the high level of communication, roam clear and gun skills. Normal play, Even on plt to diamond on pc lion is **According to the stats** doesnt win a lot of rounds, is considered under power. Also smoke and kaid is a bit low when it comes to pick and win rates on normal plat to diamond plays but is pretty highly picked for their utility in pro levels.
Coms bans for a console platform thing. That's up to xbox and Sony and has nothing to do with r6s.
The dropshoting bug was fixed weeks ago. Op had to re ads after dropping
&gt; change his ip with the press of a button you mean the power button? that depends on his isp
You do know that you dont just pop out a kid right. They planned the kid well before the fires got out of hand.
Theres misspeaking, and then there's doubling down on your bs when people call you out. Morrison told residents of the fire-ravaged island "Well thankfully, we've had no loss of life". After being corrected he backtracked saying "I was thinking about firefighters firstly." The fatalities, a father and son pair had been fighting the fires on the island for at least two days.
Having higher ping on r6s makes it harder for the player with the higher ping. The player with the lower ping will have better acknowledgement from the server and faster reaction. [Check out this video about the issues with playing on high ping](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXEmbUkDkgo)
how is killing the enemy team in a fps game toxic? whats next bandit tricking is toxic?
how are they going to unlock a locked phone without an exploit? Apple doesnt want to add one cause hackers will figure out a way to use the exploit themselves
and how will they flash this firmware into a locked device without deleting the existing data on the phone.
They arnt being stupid, you can play mozzie as an mute sub. A lot of people replace all of their bugs in areas/holes/doors they want to cut off for drones. This is very common on proL. Chances are of the mozzie is shooting the drones, they have used all the bugs.
More bird facts pleas
What do you think ubi can do that no other company even microsoft and Sony official dev teams cant fix. This is a console issue not a game dev issue.
The game mode is using casual mmr for matchmaking. It doesnt matter if you are unranked cause it will use the casual matchmaking mmr score on your account.
You do know that income doesnt go straight to their ceos bank account. That money is used for other investments and game development. Ubisoft is a game dev company not a charity company. Australia is more than capable of handling the fire. The issue is our retarded politicians not the money.
&gt; when a paid for game has this many micro transactions All you need to pay is for the base game. I got the game for $20 AUD 4 years ago. Grinded out the operators for both years 1 and 2 without any issues. Unlike games like the old BF premium system or the cod loot box weapon system, you dont have to buy any of the microtransactions to play the game.
How is giving the options for the players greedy. If they didnt release any more those skins and other cosmetic dlc, people will complain about the lack of cosmetic items. Paid game - Constantly goes on sale for sub $15 , alpha packs - Cant buy using real money , elite skins - Completely optional season pass - Just speeds up the grinding if you dont have time for it. If you can play like 2hs a day its easy to grind out the 2 operators per season. battle pass - Cosmetic items and it gives back 600 of the 800 credit you spend on it renown boosters - Outside of the free ones these are next to useless pro skins - These directly support the proL prize pool and teams. This was a requested community feature they added similar to using some of the income from the SI events for the SI prize pool.
EA is doing a similar setup. They changed to the Live service system where they do content updates for free while making multiple cosmetic updates, Content pack for previous cosmetics and other limited time events. Why does it matter that r6s has multiple types of content available for the player. These are all cosmetic items that doesnt affect the game mode. Doesnt limit the players into season pass owners vs base like bf and cod did. The Battle pass comes with a lot of content per season. The season pass has been the same for the last 4 years. You paid for the operators, few cosmetics and the additional store discounts/bonuses. Adding 4 possible battle passes into the seasonal pass makes no business sense if you look at how much work is required for it. &gt;about the lack of cosmetic items but really who would? Majority of the casual player base loves cosmetic items. CSGO, R6s, COD, OW, RockeL, apex, fortnite all have massive parts of their success linked to their profits made from cosmetic items. People like to customize their characters as they feel like, especially on multiplayer games. Some of the bigger complains on social media for some operators are the lack of varity in their uniforms(jackal, ela, castle)
yeah just give it some time, there are a lot of people coming into/back to the game for this event so the servers are acting up a tad.
na both of those have been in the game for a while now/
&gt; Im not asking for all this free stuff im asking ubisoft to provide NEW content to players who have ALREADY PAID)for the game, You paid for the base game 4 years ago. Any additional content added into the game has nothing to do with your original payment.
You entire argument is that you paid for the game therefore all/most of the additional updates the game gets should be free/grindable. You paid for the base game (Base maps+ Base operators+DLC operators + DLC maps). You have gotten everything you paid for and additional free content like events, Maps changes, free operators packs, free skin packs. And on top of that you have a massive list of items in game that you can grind out. You also get free alpha packs for playing the game and can grind out for more. Never did the devs state that everything can be grinded out for free. They one Condition was no gameplay affecting items will be locked behind paywalls, which they have kept ture for nearing 5 years now. &gt; but that doesn't mean doing so isn't being greedy and a generally bad company towards the playerbase. Being greedy is if they added the new maps under the season pass, or new operators under the season pass. Or gun varieties under loot boxes. Currently the only thing under paywalls are Cosmetic paid items, Boosters or Time savers(operators). Which they told the playerbase when the game was released 5 years ago.
&gt;First and one of two questions about the new map, will it stay? No. Its a limited time map and will be removed at the end of the event (16th feb iirc) &gt;Second question, are there event skins or an event alpha pack? The cosmetics fore this event is done via a Battle Pass system and doesnt just the old premium alpha pack system.. [You can see the items you can get from the Battle Pass here](https://www.ubisoft.com/en-us/game/rainbow-six/siege/game-info/battlepass) &gt;Anyways, about the battle pass. Does it have to be purchased seperately, or does it come with the season pass? **Theres a Free pass which comes with** * Tier 2: Team Japan 2020 (Weapon Charm) * Tier 4: Alpha Packs * Tier 6: Competitor Caveira '20 (Headgear) * Tier 9: Team USA 2020 (Weapon Charm) * Tier 13: Alpha Packs * Tier 16: S.I. 2020 Chevron Dark (MPX Weapon Skin) * Tier 20: Team Germany 2020 (Weapon Charm) * Tier 23: 1 Day Renown Booster * Tier 27: Competitor Mozzie '20 (Commando 9 Weapon Skin) * Tier 30: Competitor Sledge '20 (Headgear) * Tier 35: S.I. 2020 Finisher (Weapon Charm) **A Premium pass which cost 1200 (800~ with a season pass active)** * Tier 1: Sledge Light Bundle (Weapon Skin, Weapon Charm, Headgear, Uniform) * Tier 2: 1 Day Renown Booster * Tier 3: Competitor Caveira '20 (M12 Weapon Skin) * Tier 4: Team Brazil 2020 (Weapon Charm) * Tier 5: Competitor Hibana '20 (Headgear) * Tier 6: 120 R6 Credits * Tier 7: Competitor Hibana '20 (Uniform) * Tier 8: Competitor Hibana '20 (Type-89 Weapon Skin) * Tier 9: 1 Day Renown Booster * Tier 10: Competitor Thermite '20 (Headgear) * Tier 11: Alpha Packs * Tier 12: Competitor Caveira '20 (Uniform) * Tier 13: 120 R6 Credits * Tier 14: Alpha Packs * Tier 15: Competitor Thermite '20 (556XI Weapon Skin) * Tier 16: 1 Day Renown Booster * Tier 17: Team Australia 2020 (Weapon Charm) * Tier 18: Alpha Packs * Tier 19: Competitor Blitz '20 (G52-Tactical Shield Skin) * Tier 20: 120 R6 Credits * Tier 21: Competitor Thermite '20 (Uniform) * Tier 22: Alpha Packs * Tier 23: Team UK 2020 (Weapon Charm) * Tier 24: Competitor Mozzie '20 (Uniform) * Tier 25: Alpha Packs * Tier 26: Competitor Sledge '20 (L85A2 Weapon Skin) * Tier 27: 120 R6 Credits * Tier 28: Competitor Blitz '20 (Headgear) * Tier 29: Competitor Mozzie '20 (Headgear) * Tier 30: 1 Day Renown Booster * Tier 31: Competitor Blitz '20 (Uniform) * Tier 32: Alpha Packs * Tier 33: Competitor Sledge '20 (Uniform) * Tier 34: 120 R6 Credits * Tier 35: Signature Six '20 (Universal Weapon Skin) And a Premium Premium Pass for 2400 (2160~ Season pass) which gives you a 12 tier starting bones on the Battle pass
Cause its the Siege Invitational Playlist which has Rank+ rules that are a bit more into the competitive side. The competitive matches have no kill cams enabled.
That should be the biggest change. All the other changes are already added into the rank playlist(7s plant/defuse, pick and ban and bomb only etc)
bruh they had a whole mini game called outbreak which was like 3 huge maps, multiple new enemies with different AI, A mini story, CG videos with voice lines and everything and they removed it forever after the event was done.
What game detects xim adapter? Games like cod and fortnite detects native K&amp;M not adapters. people still cheat on controller lobbies using adapters.
Again cod detects native M&amp;K that are directly plugged in. This feature is disabled in r6s. People using K&amp;M in r6s are using a 3rd party adapter to convert the K&amp;M input into controller input to trick the game.
Feb 2018 [Heres the story videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouNh_QTpFKQ) https://rainbowsix.fandom.com/wiki/Outbreak
why do you need the server ip for?
if your idea on fun is getting told to go shit on a street or go back to sucking a dick/cooking on every single match you play, feel free to go play csgo on russian servers.
You want to link a source to that "confirmed" crossplay statement from a ubisoft dev.
Cause the event game is using unranked rules for the matches which has a abandon penalty.
Sooo you want to link the video of that speech?
You're the one who said it was confirmed. Any confirmed statements regarding something this major like a crossplay feature will have multiple sources. Hell even the tts changes have multiple sources. You're "confirmed" statement is nowhere to be found other than random clickbait what if articles that have no sources to any direct statement from ubisoft or a dev attached to the game. Mate you got clickbaited, Crossplay is not confirmed and will not be a thing for a while.
Inside of the map is really good but the external windows and amount of runout/spawn kill ability is way to much for a map that will be added back into proL. Its a nice casual map but it feels like a rushed combo map rather than a map thats been worked on for balance and gameplay.
hahah yeah a couple of good drones outside and you can cover half the map and flanks via a unshootable drone outside.
I love the glass walls, even the outside ones. its an interesting change of art and map design. I just feel like to balance the map out a bit, they need to reduce the external glass so the attackers dont have full access to like half of the map from the outside. and then remove/block some of the windows so people cant just runout spawn kill while the attackers are getting in. I dont have any issues with spawn peeking, consulate and bank imo are okay but with the mix of glass cover and multiple windows/smaller map, the defenders can really shutdown the attackers from getting close to the building.
The biggest issue with the starter edition was that the remaining base operators costed 12k each. The standard case with no operators but they only cost 500-2000 each.
dudes aiming at the tellers door.
yeah but why you putting kapkans right next to frost mats tho.
its a extremely small dmg nerf. Its not going to change anything, jager will still be a almost must pick due to the ads and being a 3 speed with still one of the best guns on defense. The Aim down sight fix/nerf for all the guns are going to hit harder than any dmg since people using jager are aggressive roamers.
Use of macros is against the r6s tos, op can get banned for using them even on ps4.
That what means your wifi isnt stable. Are you in an apartment/place with a lot of houses close by cause all the other wifi routers in your area can fuck with your signal. How old is your wifi router and is it the basic one that you got from your internet provider? how far from the router is your pc/console?
na its the next main patch. Its still being tested on the tts.
so your moms not stopping you from getting it. you can get your parents permission and go get the flu shot with a signed letter. Not getting a flu shot is very different not not vaccinating.
Either its another method of the model desync glitch that IQ used to have or its a more common spector desync glitch you can get by joining ongoing matches But yeah its not a noclip hack.
if you arnt supposed to be there, you can easily get out of it. Even a low sliver can carry on a copper match to a point where they'll win more matches than they lose.
Not if its constantly happening. Also Op has both ping and connection icons on red. Yes the servers sometimes shit the bed but not every game every day.
Its either[ a spectator desync](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8D-VrrEb4s) which is very common if you join a game mid game or a [model glitch like the old iq](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw0lhz7vC5Q)
what. bruh he has a wifi router a floor below him. Chances are its a cheepo isp router thats like 15 bucks and isnt made to handle a family size set of devices plus gaming.
[ a spectator desync](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8D-VrrEb4s) which is very common if you join a game mid game
critical thinking != making shit up. Hmm the mum has done all the vaccinations for her kid outside of the repeated flu shot that majority of people forget. Obviously she is a antivax that will beat up her kids if they try to go get vaccinated Mate you got a few too many vaccines cause your critical thinking is fucking autistic
you can do crossplay between the consoles and then add native K&amp;M support but limit the lobbies to have consoles with K&amp;M matchmake with pc. Cod and fortnite does it without any issues, outside the assholes using adapters to use K&amp;M on controller lobbies.
the standard edition comes with no operators. The base operators will cost 500-2000 renown per CTU. All base operators will cost around 25k total. The DLC operators will be the standard price of 10-25k depending on when they were released.
&gt; I think there are too many corners to check and a lot of angles to cover for a 3 minutes round Compared to the older themepark which had 2 more sections of corners to check? you can drone out the new map within a mins while the entry guys are clearing it. &gt;3-0 on defense and other team managed a comeback because attack was too difficult. The top floor is basically the same attack wise. Even drugs just need a small change in strat. If you lost 3 rounds back to back, thats on your team.
Not american so not that good with gun. By 30 rounds do you mean 30 bullets? And is that a manufacturer just covering their ass or is it realistically needs maintenance after 30 rounds irl? Cause that sounds like a pain in the ass.
Majority of the time as PMC its either the ZB exit on the far right corner or the Crossroads exit on the far left corner. As Scavs its tends to change a bit but majority of the time for me its one of the exits near the Railroad to Military on the top right or one of the exits on the bottom left. [Here is a image to show what im talking about.](https://i.imgur.com/1X4zf41.jpg) [Here is a map without the arrows](https://gamepedia.cursecdn.com/escapefromtarkov_gamepedia/c/c8/Customs_Nuxx_20190106_1.2.png?version=a3b44edf49616eaad2736c6523c977b0) [These maps can be found on the wiki](https://escapefromtarkov.gamepedia.com/Customs)
yeah and get fucking shot in the back after the fucking wiggler comes back after moving his pistol from the tag rig to his main. Unless im in a group its kill on sight.
IIRC you should call people liars if you dont know what you are talking about.
That depends completely on the country/location. At least in aus/melb its very common for people to take a slip of their drink or eat pre weighted stuff like snacks while finishing up their shopping. All they need to do is tag the wrapper at the counter.
It DBNO on chest shots no matter what range. Head shots are 1 shot kills. Arms and toes are 97 DMG reduced with dmg dropoff.
its for anything other than chest shots like hitting the arm. Those are not DBNO shots and will be regular dmg .
Hi guys i cut the video down to a random 3s clip. Let me know what happened.
He does a podcast with a couple of his cod fried s called PKA. They just talk about what happened on the week, life and shit. It's on YouTube
Not if you can just shoot the player coming to stop you. Your idea is not balancing. Either the attacker gets to shoot the defender trying to stop the plant, or the attacker plants and holds the angle. Thats why the current system is the best system. If you want to plant, you need to use one of your players to be a vulnerable player and plant the defense.
Recoil penalty doesnt mean much depending on the operator. If you got something like a finka lmg, zofia or a capitao you can just spam that and plant. Especially finka. Also unless the recoil penalty is the size of your screen, people can just control it. There are people that can control/manage Ela currently. If its anything more than that its a RNG system which adds a lot of chance to a competitive strategic fps.
Yeah no matter what the outcome of the match is, if a cheater is detected the matches he has been in the season gets canceled. Which means you get your elo back even if you win/lose/surrender.
simply getting reported doesnt get you banned. Reported accounts just gets added to the review list. A ubisoft staff member needs to manually check your chat logs and other reported evidence to issue an multi day toxic ban. Also you dont get a 15day ban for nothing. My account gets tagged every other week for something in chat and have not gotten a single toxic ban. They look into context on the chat message. /u/etnzl9
Are you sure it wasn't a off white color? Cause a vigil with an active clork will make the drones turn white. Also its r6s, could be a rando bug.
Depends completely what you said/did. Its not like team killing bans that increases. Toxic Bans can be anything from 2h to permanent and can get high end bans like 15days/perma as your first ban.
Alibi for pure roaming / fragging power. 3 speed with impacts and a secondary shotgun. Her primary has one of the fastest rate of fire for defenders so its perfect for quick run around gunning headshots playstyle. Lesion for Shallow roam/anchor since he needs to stay alive for this gadget to have full use. Again impacts and a solid Primary. Almost no recoil and really useful at stopping early game rushes and last game running into the site to quick plant type attackers.
Alibi for utility plus roam. That shotgun can really help with the site setup and impacts for rotations and impact tricking. Plus her gun is only a bit slower than ela while having good recoil. Ela for Aggressive in your face type roaming or holding tight 90 angles. Her mines are a fucking nightmare to deal with, especially areas like the blue stairs or server tunnel pushes on bank. Still has one of the most powerful shotguns for tight angles and with the smg buff she can again take on multiple targets at the same time. Unlike Abili she doesnt have to reload after every repeek.
Why do you not have 2fa on steam in 2020.
That the hitboxes on this game is actually pretty fucking tight. I've seen so many videos of people missing shots by almost getting the ear and miss but have the aim on the head and the firerate causes then to miss the head.
which alerts the defenders that theres an attacker flanking from that area. Nokk allows your team to distract the defenders while the nokks flanks from the back without the defenders knowing about it.
So lessons learned. Bring money next time.
yeah thats like 80k in parts, not that bad for a good ak. but i get that some newer players might not have that much money.
Mid season test servers will have a really low amount of players since its only testing minor changes. Compared to new operators that everyone wants to test/make videos of or check out without having a season pass.
You can identify them by communicating with them.
yeah but the big prob is they are buffing dokki in order to nerf echo.
truth be told if they are into apex and cod chances are they might not like r6s that much. Unless they also play stuff like csgo, insurgency or overwatch.
Just because the devs dont do everything you want doesnt mean they dont care about the game. &gt;1- Disable Friendly fire in Quick Match. If they remove that, it changes the difference between the gamemodes to a point where its not even the same game. Quickplay is there for people to quick match/ test stuff and learn the game. New players learning the game with FF off is no way to train them for competitive. 2- Make real punishments. The increasing punishments are already a thing, including 15day straight up bans. Banning people just for having reports with no proof is a dumb idea that will get any player above plat, content creators, Streamers, pros banned from the game. If you think people wont abuse this system, you really havent played this game. &gt;3- Improved reporting system. You can also report people directly from the support page, leaving the game will not protect you from this. &gt;, they have the record of what happened, (Video, Text, Voice, etc) They only have text recording, Recording video or voice using the current system will take up way too much space. Otherwise yeah they should have report player that left the game feature. &gt;4- Better Balance in Teams, not starting a match unless the teams are complete. The casual matching takes into account casual performance not ranked performance. You are mixing the two systems up.
I am never using surround sound. Try to move your Head with the middle mouse Button, maybe this would help you to locate the shots
Your fps targets are a lot more stable. Those 500 values are useless cause those are just spikes. Your min frames are increased and your highs are more stable. That's a good thing
If only there was a sticky post on this sub that links to a highly detailed and even technical blog post by the devs of the game
They rotate the casual maps every half season. The removed maps will be added back in and another 3 maps will be removed
At the start of the season and the mid season major patch they rotate the casual map pool https://www.ubisoft.com/en-us/game/rainbow-six/siege/news-updates/3rYlqECdWV7zZb1a2fFWpt/dev-blog:-quick-match-playlist-rotation
The community is already complaining that 3 maps is too much. 3 is a middle ground
Bloody hell. No one cares about dictory definitions. What matters is the definition on the terms of conditions that players agree to when playing the game. Smurfing is not against the games terms of service.
For a guy that's running around using dictory for definitions you really can't read can you. Smurfing is not against tos. Ubisoft doesn't consider smurfing as cheating. Smurfing is completely fine and is okay with the devs. They even joke about it on their dev blogs. Smurfing will never be considered cheating on r6s and will never get your account banned. &gt;like you don't get to be a major league ball player then go play little leagues under a false name... which is what smurfing is And as long as it's not against the tos on the little league, this will not get you banned from entry.
Using that logic any player thats moving from console to pc is causing detriment to other players experience cause they have better map and game knowledge. Any high rank player from games like Csgo and overwatch is causing a detriment cause their skill levels are extremely above the starting sliver level. Feedback is fine but stop posting the same dictionary definition commenting thinking your way is the only way.
So what if that player is a really high skilled fps player. Or a console to pc player. Now you got a bunch of new players on your game getti g banned for smurfing when they are not smurfing
Azure services are not having any issues. Azure only handles the hardware, any server performance issues happening now is due to Ubisoft server management/changes due to new updates. Bitching at azure is like bitching to the landlord of the building that the restaurant is taking too much time to cook your food.
dmg wise yeah probably(i havent checked the post nerf values). But after the recoil buff, All Ela needs to do is aim higher chest height and dump half a mag and its the attackers dead due to the one shot headshot.
When you say low setting. What resolution are you playing in. Recheck it cause nvidia updates have had some experiences with resetting the settings. Also install something like Msi afterburner or hwmonitor and check your cpu and gpu usage while playing. And finally have you tried out the new vulkun api version of the game
They switch them on the start of the season and the major patch mid season. So Y4S4- new set of maps , Y4S4-Mid new set of maps, Y5S1- new set of maps [You can check out the new casual map pools on the dev blog post in the official rainbow six website.](https://www.ubisoft.com/en-us/game/rainbow-six/siege/news-updates/3rYlqECdWV7zZb1a2fFWpt/dev-blog:-quick-match-playlist-rotation)
personally would pick someone like joystick over pengu. Dudes a clutch god and really good gamesense but wouldnt say pengu is a top end fragger.
It can be 10 dmg and still be really good with the current rof and man size. You are wining every gunfight if you are a decent aimer cause all you have to do is aim chest height and mag dump with that 1080rpm firerate.
The SMG11 is way weaker due to being limited to 16+1 bullets. Therefore you need to time/aim your shots. Even after that you have considerable recoil you need to deal with. Post buff scorpion is a lot easier to control than a smg11, Has 3x the ammo. &gt; but all the smg11 has been nerfed about it was the acog being removed WHICH no one even complains about anymore * Update 2.3; Feburary 11, 2016 Patch: Recoil is increased. * Update 4.2; September 13, 2016 Patch: Extended Barrel is added to the customization options. * Update 5.0; November 17, 2016 Patch: ACOG is removed from the customization options. * Update 2.3.0; September 5, 2017 Patch: Damage fall-off standardized. Two additional magazines added. * Update 3.3.0; September 4, 2018 Patch: Recoil system reworked. * Update 3.3.2; October 29, 2018 Patch: Recoil slightly decreased. * Update 3.4.0; December 4, 2018 Patch: Damage slightly increased. SMG-11 can now be equipped by Mute. The SMG11 was complained about since the release of the game. Hell people use it over their primary weapons even after the acog nerf. Until the secondary Smg recoil nerf was added, everyone from casual-rank-com to pros were complaining about the smg11.
&gt; actual facts and data. Massive reduction of recoil on a high fire rate, high mag weapon is not a buff according to you. You do know this is r6s where a single bullet can kill you. dmg and consistent aim doesn't mean much if you just aim near the head and hold fire until they drop.
Compared to Pre buff ela it is a massive reduction. Now you can shoot All of those 16 bullets into a area thats the size of the operator's body, compared to the old recoil that can random between 3 players worth of horizontal recoil. The issue was Ela's Smg was too situational cause it was limited to CQC after all the nerfs. Current recoil buff allows her to take limited med to long engagements (16 bullets) while still being good at CQC (41 bullets). Also they didnt just make 16 out of 41 bullets better, they made the first 16 bullets of the recoil cycle better. If you somehow miss 16 bullets, all you need to do is take cover and let the recoil cycle reset.
That random recoil was a fix to the old issue was the gun being too good at both long and CQC. That was a FIX to the og ela issue. The problem was that they nerfed her a few times before this change which meant she was over nerfed to the majority of the playerbase. &gt;The recoil was already fine. Only for CQC, Even if it was a static recoil, the horizontal recoil was fucked to a point where even a pro will have issues with it. The current BUFF was to greatly reduce the recoil of the first 16 shots of the Recoil Cycle. The first 16 shots are now almost storm levels of easily controllable. The remaining shots on the Recoil cycle then goes back to the older system which allows the player to make a choice. Continue with the recoil in a long range engagement with the disadvantage of no recoil pattern, or allow the recoil to reset. Or if you are in a CQC you dont have this disadvantage since thats what the operator is there for. Its a win - win update.
This game is not about realism. Jacks ability doesnt make logical sense. The mute jammer blocking lions echolocation doesnt make any sense. The mute jammer blocking blitz's shield flash makes no sense logicall when its a wired system.
Lions tracker that uses vibrations are blocked by mute.
and the biggest issue with that system is that it hurts support players. especially ones in groups. Yes if you are a support with .5 kd then that might mean your team is boosting you. but there are a lot of 1 kd support players that commonly actively drone the entry and other rooms for the entry fraggers. That or play operators like echo and maestro. So end of the game the entry guys have 3x the kills cause half of the rounds the support is droning or on cams in defense.
You completely missed all the drama bs about jess being on the talent lineup or how andrew isnt the host again? Shit was all over reddit and twitter.
Install a system temp monitor tool like HWMonitor or MSI afterburner. Cause that sounds like your laptop is having issues keeping everything cool. Also you are plugged in to the wall power and have the laptop power settings on high performance right
No one died on his property. The dude finding and contacting the sales for the guns got shot. Kyle had no suspicion on to him by the cops, thats a thing the internet keeps repeating. He got arrested for buying weed oil and getting it shipped to his place. That and sharing the weed with his friends got him a distribution charge and 2 months in prison.
The core content creator for one of the biggest teams on the scene is somehow not related to the scene?
This isnt a random content creator, he was part of the team. Are you saying that anyone thats not the core 5 players of the team is not part of the proL scene ? Then we need to make a R6Orgchanges, R6thplace, R6ProMETA.
???? You do know ProL Teams have support staff right. coaching, management, content creators, analyst are all part of the team and non of those people will play for the team. Are you seriously saying if someone like Sua leaving G2 doesnt need a thread because he isnt part of the 5 active player group.
Buddy he is part of the team for DZ for rainbow six related content creation. Just because you feel like this isnt related doesnt mean its not. Rainbow six related? Yes, Related to a prol related Org? Yes. Changes related orgs that are in the proL scene will be discussed here. If you dont like it just dont read the thread or even downvote it.
Yeah there are a bit better ways of doing it. Like you said maybe the air noise, cracking noise and the glass finally breaks rather than falling down. Its just people that dont know about the balance reasoning just break the air canister and just start prefiring the glass rather than waiting for it too start dropping.
Imagine not having at least a grande surplus
Thats a lot of different excuses for being broke af. Try getting out of a raid after wasting all of the nades you find, you might get some money or even items to trade into some nades.
Thats a nice book mate, maybe spend more time getting nades and less time writing novels.
Spraying directly into their eyes that close can cause injuries because those cans are made to spray a farly long distance. The cop could have sprayed those poeple normally without putting the can next to their faces to spray it.
Care to read the comments where i am talking about spraying the pressurized can that close to a person's eye. Nowhere in the comments did i say pepper spray causes blindness. You can spray water and it will still cause injuries if you spray using a pressurized can inches away from a persons eye like the cop did.
Casual always had SBMM. Originally it was based on your ranked but they changed it to have its own MMR score. https://www.pcgamesn.com/rainbow-six-siege/rainbow-six-siege-casual-matchmaking-changes
What? The reworks are not done because of new players, its done to balance out the maps. Outside of Hereford, all the major reworks have been positive changes to the map/balance. Skyscraper is a fucking mess in higher ranks and majority of the time the map is limited to the two upper obj rooms.
Same map pool as we have now, house is a casual rework.
Keep in mind that only affects people that will be using a VPN to play on another region using cheats. If you are using VPNs to keep your IP Hidden, local VPN servers will have a minimal Ping difference. For example PIA VPN has something like 10ms added when using local vpn servers, So at most the cheater will be playing at 25-30ms which is extremely playable.
Valorant had and still has hacks pre and post lunch. Atm theres no anti hack software that 100% effective. Valorant even had ingame design stuff that was supposied to stop wall hacks which was bypassed in a week of the beta lunching.
You do know google personalise search results right? If a person that doesnt consistently google game/item trading related things, they'll get a completely different result page. For me it shows local IT, annalist and HR companies in Melbourne.
yeah i had one last night but thats the only one i've personally post wipe. At least the only obvious one that got 3 headshots across the villages in shoreline with a 9mm within 5s.
Just one roll? Reallllyyyy....
This has been the same rules for years, The music publishers just didnt issue DMCAs like this until now.
Goyo shields that are placed by the defenders, if the shield breaks and the hostage gets burned without being moved by an attacker will result on the defending goyo getting a RFF for placing the shield that close to the hostage. Learn the game before blaming ubisoft lul
Ban waves are for mainly for cheaters when they update battleye to counter a new cheat method. Toxic bans and regular cheating bans will just happen randomly as they ban.
Its not in the game, people using m&amp;k are using 3rd party devices to trick the console/game to make it look like they're using a controller. Its literal cheating not just borderline.
The way you can pick someone off using nomad is if they are a clash or the defenders are taking cover in a corner or a shield. Majority of the time it should be used as a Claymore to stop defenders from flanking, running out windows or from entering the room (planting / postplant)
&gt; You do know the difference between anecdotal and empirical facts right. Yet you are the first person on the thread to post misinformation without any proof.
If the fire can reach the hostage, then the shield was too close.
??? Do you not understand what the rest of the comments are talking about? Just because its not normal doesnt mean the cops get to pull a gun on you and take your money into the police station to "make sure its legit"
If you are on about M&amp;K, no they didnt. They added a ingame system to try and detect M&amp;K but that had a workaround within 48hs and they ended up banning a bunch of normal 3rd party controllers.
Because they are talking about issues that can be realisticly fixed from the game's side of things. Thats a Console/hardware issue that the game/ubisoft has no control over
Do you people even read any dev blogs. They have fixed majority of the DDOS attacks and are still working on a near 100% fix. https://www.reddit.com/r/Rainbow6/comments/h12deq/rainbow_six_siege_status_report_sound/ Thats a console issue that the devs focused on which wasnt a pc issue.
I do that all the time in Australia
been running chrome with twitch open for the last 3 days and played like 14h+ on eft no kicks.
it couldn't have easily been one of their duty pistols because you cant just pull out the gun from the holster.
if his partner is stays there with his dick out while a drunk person does all that then his partner is dumber than you are.
[All standard police holsters have systems to make sure you cant just pull out the gun.](https://www.tactical-life.com/gear/9-top-retention-holsters-law-enforcement/)
A lot of people watch a fuck ton of tarkov and other competitive game but they dont get ads for RTM or hacks.
Which is against the sub rules for witch-hunting. Just wanted to give you a better way to get them banned without your post getting removed.
dudes using what looks like dial up internet, thats on Op's internet not ubisoft.
Bruh we have baseball sized Emp nades, heartbeat scanners that work for 20ms with no issues with active gunfire. Even the destruction and dmg system is no where realistic. Just because a headshot is a kill shot doesnt make the game realistic.
Yeah giving TSM another week or so to review Tempo's vod against another team wont give Tempo any advantages. And the chances of them playing against TSM even if Tempo wins their first match is pretty high so might as well just take them on the first week and see whats up.
Which is great for open areas and large hallways but its still going to greatly bottleneck site entries and even external wall entries if they place it well.
It also depends on your mmr vs the avg mmr of the other team. if you are getting matched with players really close to your mmr, then you'll gain/lose less mmr than taking on a team thats a few ranks above you.
Tarkov has ended the battle.
Because its not true. Stuff like coin miners are pretty easy to identify, the original user of that video had a EFT thread where the developers have explained that its a external software on their pc thats causing the error not eft. https://forum.escapefromtarkov.com/topic/78477-bitcoin-mining-erro/page/4/
If they follow the system they do the rank charm, your highest mmr will be taken into account then merging the different regions together.
Thats for the new season, if you are playing on multiple regions, the charm is for the highest mmr. So if op has 2000mmr on apac, 3000 on EU and 4000 NA, They will take the NA mmr for the unification, then apply the soft mmr reset to that to give them a new starting mmr on the new unified mmr system.
if op has 2000mmr on apac, 3000 on EU and 4000 NA, They will take the NA mmr for the unification, then apply the soft mmr reset to that to give them a new starting mmr on the new unified mmr system. So they will start the calculation based on your highest mmr(plat). You'll only get the plat charm, you never get 2 different rank charms, just the highest rank charm even if you ended the season as a copper V.
Problem with that is the extra work. Most of the time they make a new operator or change any core to the game, they need to add those changes into the maps. Lighting changes need to be reworked into the old maps, operators like amaru needs maps to be developed so the client knows where and what can be amarued. New bugs and glitches need to be worked on. So leaving in older versions of the maps basically means the game will have 2 versions of the same map that the developers need to individually work on.
Problem with that is the extra work. Most of the time they make a new operator or change any core to the game, they need to add those changes into the maps. Lighting changes need to be reworked into the old maps, operators like amaru needs maps to be developed so the client knows where and what can be amarued. New bugs and glitches need to be worked on. So leaving in older versions of the maps basically means the game will have 2 versions of the same map that the developers need to individually work on.
They said house was getting a rework at the start of the year. Earlier on they said that the dev team was not looking for reworking house due to how iconic it was, thats why this house rework was a casual rework to make sure it kept the feel of the old house map.
The next two map reworks are [Skyscraper and Chalet](https://www.ubisoft.com/en-au/game/rainbow-six/siege/game-info/seasonpass). So maybe next year but dont hold your breath.
The pickrates are with the bans added into the stats. its called presence now not pickrate.
You got a HQ photo of his face and a starting location ?
Personally if you are considering both soft and hard, Hibana. Hibana with Breach chargers can allow you to open a External wall, 3 hatches, open soft walls, Floors, walls for lines of sight. On top of that you have a high firerate primary and a Secondary SMG while being a 3 speed.
They are fixing it, the new system will allow your team to cancel the match if you start the game with reduced players on their team.
They literally just released a reworked map which isnt even added to ranked let alone into pro map list. What do you even mean by they don't care about the lil casual player base
yeah but like similar to fuze, your team shouldnt run into the room when a ying is flashing in. Having 3 other players that can see while the room is flashing is overpowered. that means the defenders are kinda powerless while most of the attackers are just running in and killing flashed defenders. If you play some TH, you can learn to time the nades just fine. There are players that can use it like a impact nade by learning how fast the blinks are.
But why does she need a rework like that. Atm ying is in a good spot after the last few buffs like the extra flash particle and dmg buff.
name one ubisoft community manager thats a mod on this sub.
Bruh Noty is a mod on the Test server sub not this sub. This is a community runned sub.
Ubisoft community manager that deals with the community. They normally discuss stuff and manage the ubisoft forms. They have zero mod power in this sub.
[Bruh](https://i.redd.it/1htemhh633r21.jpg)
her vods still up and its a like 40mins or so. TLDR: Other than fed stuff, its more for her to have a little separation between work and life. Like The OTV crew are her friends but majority of her life is connected to her work. So the new place is just a group of her friends sharing a place like a "normal" group of friends rather than a content house.
Its just her thats moving out to live with her friends. Similar to Toast, she'll just drop by the offline tv house for any joint videos.
Hands singles? that will be captured on moss unless they get the timing right down to the capture rate which is bs.
The Defender weapons are generally lower dmg compared to the attackers. The attackers have better weapons to balance out the advantages the defenders have since they have control over the building and time to setup.
The DDOS/DOS issue was primarily a console issue. Only the highend champ/streamers had it on pc. Most people just cheat on pc.
yeah but from ubi's stuff side you cant ban a player unless you have proof. Thats why even hacking reports on pc takes time for them to get the account banned.
