Powerful rewards are mainly associated with weekly and daily challenges, previously called milestones, shown as gold stars on your director. Weekly Challenges (Some are associated with NPC vendors and require completing bounties that give powerful rewards for the bounty in addition to an additional one for completing the challenge): * 3 Strikes * 1 nightfall completion * 1 nightfall 100k score * 3 heroic story missions * 3 gambit matches * 4 Gambit Prime matches * 100% progress Reckoning (3 tier-3 completions) * 5 crucible matches * 100% planetary flash point * Ada-1 (forge 2 weapons) * Ikora (college any 20 daily bounties) * Hawthorne (earn 5000 clan XP) * Benedict/Werner 99 (complete 4 treasure maps) * Petra (complete 2 weekly bounties) Daily Challenges (1 of the below resets every day, so a different new daily each day). Complete: * 1 strike * 1 Gambit match * 1 crucible match * 1 Heroic adventure on the flash point planet (this one might actually be set to reset twice a week to follow the fish point reset) Some NPC vendors have 1-3 weekly bounties that give powerful rewards. * Petra Dreaming City: 1-Ascendent Challenge, 1-Heroic Blind well (bounty not required), 1-Weekly story mission, 1-complete 8 daily bounties) * Spider Tangled Shore: 1-Powerful HVT bounty * Drifter Gambit/Prime: 1-Gambit Powerful bounty, 1-Prime “closer” bounty, 4-Prime head upgrade bounties) * Ada 1 Black Armory Forges - 2-forge radiant weapon frames * Benedict/Werner 99: 4-Opulence treasure maps * Menagerie: 1-3 Menagerie runs with tunes slotted in your Chalice of Opulence. (1-3 depending on your chalice upgrades) (listed as a bounty since the chalice is in your pursuits tab)
I like it.
Just rally a flag then hit up the vex lost sector in the middle of Nessus. I got it done in 1 run using wardcliff and kicking into one brick of heavy dropping. If you can’t have the Cabal PE flag right outside the lost sector you can clear it and fast travel back and rally the flag again. Probably enough time to do it 3 times, but you should only need to runs tops.
Melt the boss in 1 phase and they knights never spawn.
If you didn’t get a temp ban then you will still get your points.
This made me go back and read the lore tab for some reason. So much mystery around Elsie Bray (allegedly aka the Exo Stranger)
That only applies when your clan has unlocked that clan perk. So that wont be an option at the moment with the season being 1-2 weeks fresh.
Enhanced MG loader doesn't exist. However they did add MG to the Large Arms loader perk. So your only two options are MG loader and Large Arms loader, both of which are the 2nd tier of perks (1-slightly increases, 2-increases, 3-greatly increases).
Yup, GL's have two damage numbers: impact and blast. Spike grenades gives increased damage to the impact number. Velocity increases the impact damage provided by spike grenades. So the god roll Outrageous Fortune is Hard Launch + Spike + Rangefinder + (user choice) + Velocity masterwork. Raid bosses have that special crit damage multiplier so in theory you get the best DPS when you land crits with your spike grenades, but in practice it's not ideal most of the time. &amp;#x200B; This is the best all around PVE damage chart I've come across that shows DPS and DPR (damage per reserves, aka damage capacity) for raid and non-raid bosses. [Damage Chart Madness (PvE, Raid) D2 v2.5.0.1](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12vF7ckMzN4hex-Tse4HPiVs_d9huFOKlvUoq5V41nxU/edit?usp=sharing) (note, this is raw damage w/o any buffs/debuffs factored in). &amp;#x200B; The capacity is an often overlooked stat since some encounters have bosses with really big health pools and long damage windows. Having enough damage capacity is sometimes the limiting factor instead of damage speed.
Wendigo is a beast, for sure. However few thigns work against it in a raid encounter boss fight: 1. Loss of Orbs - when your super is full Wendigo allows you to pick up the orbs still for the damage perk. Great for the weapon, but bad for being able to have orbs lying around to regain your super after you use it. 2. Blinding grenades (in lieu of spike) - raid bosses have a special crit damage multiplier that makes it very important to hit crits when at all possible. 150rpm legendary GLs with spike grenades gives increased impact damage (GL's have two damage numbers: impact and blast). Spike grenades allow you to take advantage of the raid boss crit multiplier; blinding grenades do not. For raid boss DPS the proper 150rpm GL does 15% more DPS than Wendingo w/ 6 buff rounds and remaining reserves unbuffed. (1 phase melting means you will unload your full reserves and cannot rely on pausing to run around and pick up orbs again). 3. Risk vs reward withregard to damage buff from orb pick up - Shit happens, people die, immediate use of heavy pre-boss fight is sometimes called for. In those cases Wendigo w/o it's 6 buffed rounds is a very lack luster GL; the proper 150rpm GL does 50% more DPS than Wendigo w/o it's buff. &amp;#x200B; [Damage Chart Madness (PvE, Raid) D2 v2.5.0.1](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12vF7ckMzN4hex-Tse4HPiVs_d9huFOKlvUoq5V41nxU/edit#gid=2082827529) &amp;#x200B; I love my Wendigo for things like non-boss encounters, strikes, nightfalls, Menagerie, Reckoning, Gambit, etc. But it's a numbers game and the numbers just don't favor Wendigo for raid boss DPS. The good news is one of the highest DPS legendary weapons are easy to get. Run strikes or dump tokens on Zavala. I woudln't be suprised if an Outrageous amount of god rolls were immediately deleted w/o second though when people were spamming tokens for a god roll Service Revolver.
Man I have no idea what's going on. This isn't the first time. I think something is happening with the "fancy pants editor" on new reddit via Microsoft Edge (on my work comp).
Man with how salty people are about comp quitters (rightfully so), could you imagine the desolate salt lands that would develop over raid quitters. Grinding out an hour + just to have some player ghost you mid raid would be no Bueno. So lets say they add quitter penalties like comp. Fair enough.. &amp;#x200B; ...except raids are a SIGNIFICANT time commitment and I wouldn't want to get stuck in a toxic raid group and be handcuffed for 1-2 hours of headaches. Quitter penalties are plausible in comp because the quitter hurts the teammates for all of 10-15 minutes. For raids it would be a significant hit to the other teammates time and effort, way more than comp. Oh what's that? Just add backfilling.. &amp;#x200B; ...backfilling wouldn't be realistic. Last thing I would want was to queue up and joint a group half way through the raid and miss out on loot. &amp;#x200B; Sure every little nuance could probably be mitigated in some form or fashion... but that just drives home the point: raids should not have matchmaking. For something that requires as much time, effort, and coordination raids should be pre-made groups only. How that pre-made group comes together is a different subject: existing friends, 3rd party LFG, or Bungie supported LFG. At best Bungie could entertain moving their companion app LFG to the actual game. But then you would be moving every LFG aspect to the game and that is a bit cumbersome. 3rd party LFG or web-based bungie LFG is more than adequate at providing the service needed. &amp;#x200B; (personally I just hope the future PS5 has built-in console LFG like XB1 does now)
Transferring gear is always allowed. Equipping gear via the apps/DIM is only possible while in orbit or in a social space. The only “combat” in which area you can equip a weapon from DIM/apps is Zero Hour. For some reason that is classified as a social space (probably has to do with the farm in some manner).
Make sure you talk to Sloan after that quest mission ends.
Killing the captain doesn’t affect being able to unlock the door and pick up the transponder. Finish the quest (the part where you have the free choice to kill the captain or let him live) then talk to Sloan. Now the door is unlocked.
Once again, false. Please learn to admit when you are wrong. It’s a life skill that will serve you well as an adult. I just took these [screen shots](https://imgur.com/a/84YhkK8). Neither Titan (current Flashpoint) nor EDZ (non-flashpoint) have Heroic adventures available. The only planets that have Heroic Adventures available to pick up from the vendor on non-flashpoint week’s are Mars and Mercury.
Ya I knew that much. Just wasn’t aware that’s what my 2/5 “gifts” were. Thanks!
Back then hoes didn't want me, now hot hoes all on me
SGA - always peak battle if your in OP’s position, never do it if your the opponents. There is a visual misalignment with the “camera” POV where it’s actually slightly left of center. So if OP peaks and opponents peak OP can head shot the opponent but the opponent can’t see OP. It’s very minor and most people strafe enough to not take advantage if it, but it exists. Never peak right, always peak left. Edit: comment below posted the original post showing it.
Fook*
Prospector is definitely top tier DPS, but it’s not the highest DPS. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12vF7ckMzN4hex-Tse4HPiVs_d9huFOKlvUoq5V41nxU
Impact (spike grenades) + velocity + rate of fire = Ideal GL DPS. GL’s have two damage numbers they create: impact and blast/explosion. Spike grenades give a huge boost to impact damage. God roll for the highest velocity and you get big damage. 150 GL beats prospector it raids since raid bosses have a unique crit damage multiplier (which directly benefits impact damage from spike grenades). In normal PVE prospector beats 150rpm. Not by Mitch in either scenario, but the numbers are there. One thing to consider is: boss spec. That google sheet is raw damage, so if you thrown in a boss spec for an additional 8% damage then prospector is beat even more in raids.
The PL of the enemies increase in each “phase” of the individual encounters. IIRC it goes 700&gt;720&gt;740. I may be mistaken though since I’m at max PL it doesn’t show the enemies PL on the death screen anymore.
Get a really low input lag monitor to use as your game display instead of the laptop display. Look for something in the 20ms or less range ideally. Size is preference based on how your comfort and the physical set up of your desk. Start the process of learning how to play on KB+M. I’m all for potato gaming (main PS4), but there really is an in-game dexterous advantage playing with KB+M.
The “random drop” is unlocking the quest Amanda has for you. Go see Amanda.
How to manage your inventory: don’t neglect it. Regularly check inventory and post master via apps. If you are going hardcore farm/grind session: 1. Use DIM (destiny item manager). 2. Turn on “Farming Mode” 3. Profit
Light.gg All the info you need.
Dude installed his rudder in the middle of his canoe.
Technically no one has to reach the end. You just have to have a blessed/non-blessed combo shoot it as soon as it spawns, which can be done from anywhere with a line of sight.
That was so last minute they jump the do not cross lines. They committed to cutting someone off by waiting that long to “merge”.
Kick the purple ball to the circle where Salad-bin sets up shop during IB. Green ball spawns. ~~Kick~~ YEET the green ball into the stairwell as seen in OP’s vid. Black ball spawns Fumble the black ball up to the next platform above you where it spawns. Dribble it down the path then kick it through the posts at the end of the path like you would a goal. This is directly opposite from Zavala on the 3rd floor above where you spawn in. Blue ball spawns. Blue ball is tricky and you have to out manuever the trolls roaming around the courtyard. There is a catwalk that connects Zavala to Shaxx. Your objective is to get it to land on the metal grate that is in the middle of the catwalk with a slight bump out. If you’re fast try moving down by way of Zavala. If your slow but have good aim you can stay on the 2nd floor and down from above Shaxx. Big bouncy traveler ball spawns. Super fun to double bounce it by doing something similar to what OP did, but with the lava challenge boost and from the top rope on the second floor. Edit: words.
I'm not sure how much damage it actually is capable of tanking... but this is pretty much exactly what Sword + Strong Holds accomplish.
You mean something like... swords + strong holds?
Example of a god roll 150rpm GL: Outrageous Fortune, Hard Launch + Spike Grenades + Rangefinder (increases velocity on projectile weapons + (user preference) + Velocity MW
I think your specifically talking about the shadow thrall in the Reckoning Bridge.
IMO the loot Return on time investment isn’t worth the boss fights for those two lairs if your just chasing the catalysts. SOS specifically.
This. Pretty sure because you have to “inspect” the player’s feet/legs. Not their hands/chest like every other emote.
Aeon build on works when others are running the same build though.
Depends on your style of play and PVE/PVP. Personally I used DRB for PvP and Parcel in PVE. However now that I have a Y2 kinetic shotgun with trench barrel I never use Parcel anymore.
I always consume a sentry synth for this reason. Regardless of what other perk set/role I’m playing. Sentry perk 1 is a must for every player on the team.
Swarm of The Raven, Outrageous Fortune, &amp; Acatha D (150rpm GLs) beat Wendigo for raid boss DPS as long as you have spike grenades with good velocity perks. IIRC Wendigo is 15% less DPS vs raid bosses when you have 6 rounds of orb buffed damage, closer to 50% less DPS if you lose your buff(s) prior to the boss fight. Raid bosses have a special crit modifier that spike grandes (increased impact damage) take advantage of. Normal PVE Wendigo does 5% more DPS that the 150s with spike if you have the 6 buffed rounds and less DPS than 150s without.
Wait for PE in artifacts edge. rally the flag. Hit up the coat sector. Spam wardcliff coil for multi kills. Fast travel back to PE flag. Rinse. Repeat. You’ll get it done in 2 runs total.
20 if you factor traction for visible +1 mobility and hidden plus +1 mobility. 22 if you equip lightweight weapon for hidden +2 mobility.
This might be the first ever complain I’ve seen about exotics dropping in the ground instead of non-exotics.
I mean my group has cleared both plenty of times, but when we come together to help someone farm the catalyst we’ll do a 3 character clear sans the boss fight, maybe boss fight in the last character.
Lol this gave me a good belly chuckle.
Not sure why you got downvoted. Neither stompees nor frostees stack with keen scout or focused breathing. https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyTheGame/comments/8a92cv/breakdown_of_mobility_and_sprint_speed_post114/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app
+velocity = +impact damage Rangefinder = +velocity = +impact damage
Nope
It doesn’t need to be complicated. Can be as simple this OG underbelly map tool from Y1. [raid.ninja](https://duriandata.com/destiny2/raid-ninja.jsp)
The drop is tied to the key. So if your 4th key drops it regardless of you using it today or 2 weeks from today, what’s the point waiting? Wouldn’t you rather have it drop now and get to use it 2 weeks earlier than if you waited?
GL’s have two damage numbers: impact and blast. Spike grenades increase impact damage which is increased even more with higher velocity. Blast damage is fixed IIRC and the blast radius stat is just the AoE when fighting groups of adds and/or mobile targets. Boss DPS is all about single target damage output. Raid bosses specifically have a double crit multiplier so spike grenades + high velocity are the ideal perks to optimize DPS. Increased blast radius does not equal blast damage and is a null stat on single target DPS.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12vF7ckMzN4hex-Tse4HPiVs_d9huFOKlvUoq5V41nxU 1 stop shop for everything you need for PVE damage.
Truth. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12vF7ckMzN4hex-Tse4HPiVs_d9huFOKlvUoq5V41nxU
Stats here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12vF7ckMzN4hex-Tse4HPiVs_d9huFOKlvUoq5V41nxU You’d have to do the math to get the 6 player DPas comparison between the two scenarios.
IIRC masterworks add 1 stat point perk level. So fully masterworked is +10 velocity. Hard launch is +15. Just some info when trying to decide between two almost, but not perfect rolls.
Yes DARCI has always been an amazing DPS weapon, it was just overshadowed by WoTW previously since WoTW had infinite reserves (infinite damage capacity). WoTW is the #2 DPS weapon for raid bosses since it takes advantage of the double crit multiplier, #10 on the heavy list for regular bosses. WoTW relies on whispered breathing, which has a huge drawback if you are in a damage phase that requires de-scoping and/or switching weapons for mechanics (like Gahlran’s hands) or way to close to use (like the 3rd deception). All-in-all the WoTW nerf only affected damage capacity and viability (on console due to risking missed crits). It’s DPS was never touched. In regard to MT vs DARCI: I’m not sure what the confusion is. DARCI has always been top tier in all aspects, just forgotten about. MT is top tier because it’s as a legendary special ammo weapon, that has middle-to-good heavy DPS stats, that can be used with another top tier heavy.
Not readily available. I did some informal testing on two of my Outrageous fortunes on Greg the Ogre and did verify that the impact damage number was higher on the higher velocity/lower blast radius roll. IIRC the blast damage number was marginally smaller. OF + Smart Drift Control + Spike: 15 Blast Radius; 60 Velocity OF + Hard Launch + Spike: 12 Blast Radius; 68 Velocity The increased impact damage was much larger than the decrease in blast damage. That at least confirms that the gain of impact damage is a higher net damage compared to what you lose on blast damage. The question is: what is responsible for the change damage ? I believe blast radius directly effects blast damage and velocity directly affects impact. When you add spike grenades the velocity is has a greater affect on impact. Its not as simple as saying blast radius affects impact, rather the two stats are tied to a perk set. So based on what we can choose you can’t have an increase to one without an decrease to the other. The best way to verify it would be to have a roll that has velocity MW and test before and after fully MW’d. That way the velocity stat can be tested without any other stat changing. Unfortunately I don’t have a velocity MW roll yet. Same test could be done if I had a range finder roll, but I don’t. Basically any roll to compare damage numbers where the only thing that changes is the velocity stat. Comparing barrels doesn’t isolate the change in velocity since it also includes a change in blast radius.
False. You need the annual pass in addition to Forsaken.
Opposing team? The boon only applies to your fireteam.
I don’t see how it’s a bootleg thunderlord. Unless your comparing TL’s lighting strikes to dragon fly.
Well it is the new season’s pinnacle crucible weapon, but the quest requirements are different this time.
Chevron?
IIRC 5 Resilience was a breakpoint for a common/realistic pulse rifle burst combo. I had never read about running 5 res for any reason related to 180 HCs, MH or not.
Fabled is still 2100. The new quest requires 3500 cumulative glory. So you can win-lose-win-lose all day long as long as you win enough to get 3500 points accumulated total. Loses don’t deduct from your accumulation. Rank doesn’t matter.
Not for that god awful iron banana quest step.
Cammy put in the grind to legend in comp with his level 20. I dont recall him dispensing justice cakes in iron banana.
Yup. Ideally the coach has returning captain/leaders that he gives the responsibility of leading open gym sessions, typically returning seniors. This is a great way to evaluate the ability to lead in your core group of upperclassmen from last year and the ability to be led in your newer underclassmen. Open gym in HS is pretty much like an internship, it’s a extended interview period where coaches get to see players perform/interact before getting to the official tryouts.
https://youtu.be/YXyDO27wbfE
It's a waste to put one down for Lamp Lighting. Everything is low power and melts. I think the "bosses" die from 3 GL rounds or just team shooting with a fucking bow for that matter.
Just to clarify: empowering melee and trench barrel are buffs, not debuffs. Debuffs are placed on a boss and increase damage from anyone, and do not stack. Buffs are placed on player(s), increase damage from only the person(s) holding the buff, and do stack.
Valid point about being able to hit GL shots on mobile targets. However Gahlran is not that. Anyone who can't hit that Jabba the hut mofo as way bigger things they need to figure out.
Nope, you are correct. SoTR (with spike) is the exact same as any other 150 GL (with spike): Outrageous Fortune or Y2 Acatha D. The only thing that sets SoTR apart is the void+TC 50% debuff bonus, instead of the non-void+TC 33% debuff bonus. However I will say that Anarchy offers some good utility throughout the boss fight. If you shoot a crystal or a deception with an anarchy grenade the damage ticks allow for you to run off while your blessed/non-blessed partner can take their sweet time following up with the 2nd hit. Works great for re-blessing another team via the obelisk after they lose their blessing to the deception. &amp;#x200B; Also works great for phase 3 deception DPS. Instead of having 4 blessed players to start (meaning only 2 DPS players to start) you can have 1 blessed/5 non-blessed players. Blessed player shoots the anarchy then clears away and then non-blessed breaks the shield. So 5 players doing DPS from the start.
Good to hear. I mainly added that clarification for anyone else reading along that isn’t as knowledgeable about damage mechanics. I still still (blueberries) tethers being fried at a bosses after a melting point or tractor cannon debuff is applied. Which not only wipes out the more powerful debuff and lasts long enough to miss additional debuff re-applications, but also doesn’t allow for heavy weapons to use the debuff. Hopefully my clarification enlightened at least one person.
RIP shoutout to the Ikelos SG at the turn of Season 3/Season 4.
IIRC boss spec gives 8% bonus damage. in terms of total damage in reserves (DIR), back-up mag would give you more total damage than boss spec mod. However, efficiency is based on the rate of damage output (DPS). Since we're comparing the same weapon and total capacity in reserves isn't related to DPS, the difference in effeciency is strictly related to damage per round (DPR), which is higher with a boss spec mod. &amp;#x200B; Simple math says 3 extra rounds are worth more damage than the 8% bonus damage across 16 rounds: * 3 extra rounds / 16 round normal reserves = 18.15% additonal damage (&gt; 8% boss spec); VS * 16 rounds normal reseves \* 8% = 1.28 equivalent rounds via boss spec (&lt; 3 rounds via back-up mag). &amp;#x200B; \*Below is based on a damage chart linked above for Pepehands (total damage in reserves w/ boss mod). I didn't come up with that value, but assuming it is correct this is the comparison. Using that I backed out the 8% boss spec bonus and multiplied for the back-up mag. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; |Weapon/Mod|Damage per Round (DPR)|Total Damage in Reserves (DIR)|Damage per Second (DPS) based on 150rpm| |:-|:-|:-|:-| |150rpm GL + Boss Spec (16 reserves)|130,997|\*2,095,959|327,493| |150rpm GL + Backup Mag (19 reserves)|121,294|2,304,585|303,235| &amp;#x200B; TLDR: if the damage phase is long enough to let you empty 19 rounds, then backup mag is more beneficial than boss spec. If the damage phase doesn't allow you to empty reserves then you would get more benefit from boss spec proving more damage per round. &amp;#x200B; Curious what GL reserves armor per does and if it allows for the same increase in reserves or if it has dimensishing returns when combined with back-up mag. There potential for the ideal loadout to be GL reserve armor perk + boss spec on the GL weapon.
Not the dude you asked, but I agree with him having used it for my Hush grind. &amp;#x200B; (console, Gambit &amp; GP in equal measure for the kills portion of the quest).
5 paragon mods let’s you get your dodge back before wraithmail is up. WM lasts 10s flat. Dodge cooldown is back somewhere in the 9-10s window. This IB I’ve been running bottom tree arc strider with focused breathing (increased sprint speed and sprinting recharges your dodge). Most of my time spent was with my DS build. However the grenade kill part of the quest I switched it up to: * head: same (paragon) * arms shininibi’s vow + ordinance mod * chest, replaced DS legend chest + ordinance mod * legs: switch from traction to enhanced bomber + paragon * class: same (paragon) 3 paragon + focused breathing gives almost the same cooldown rate as 5 paragons, maybe even faster now that I think about it. Add in enhanced bomber and shibbi’s promise and my grenade uptime was amazing. Highly recommend this to any hunter working on IB grenade kills.
My hairstylist is a hair bro-fessor. Wakeboarding and lake/boat life weekend degenerate who geeks out about disc golf. Charges $40/cut and cleans me up for free in between cuts. Pretty high end salon TBH. I feel like a tourist when I go for my appointment. Amazing service though. Beer in my hand plus the courtesy chair swivel when a hot girl walks by so I can watch her without moving my head. Truly is top shelf service.
Not sure what you mean by that. Weapon DPS/DIR is always calculated/discussed with the assumption you have eliminated the need to reload. My comment about damage phase length and having enough time to empty reserves wasn’t about having to reload. It’s about the time it takes to empty your reserves (w/o needing to reload) vs the time window available. DIR is very important for bosses with large health pools and extended DPS windows. DPS is very important for bosses with shorter DPS windows. DPS is pointless if you don’t carry enough damage in reserves to kill the boss. DIR is pointless if you can’t put it out fast enough before the damage window closes. 2 sides of the same coin. Either way your using a reload by-pass mechanic.
Just an FYI: time stamp link fails on reddit mobile :( SGA: add in the time stamp next time if possible “time stamp at 5m45s” Help us ~~console~~ mobile plebs out! :)
I used to have an elderly lady as a neighbor shortly after college in my first apartment. All the dogs in the complex LOVED her. I thigh she had Secret wisdom you only get with old age. Turns out she would always take her walks with bacon in her pocket.
Man any other day I would 100% agree with you, but I swear I had a fully MW’d Erentil drop for me a couple nights ago. Particle repeater, under pressure, and hi-impact reserves, range MW complete to 10. It dropped as a double drop during one of my powerful rewards. (I have my chalice fully unlocked. ) I’ve never fully MW’d a fusion rifle. The only two I had previously were Loaded Question and curated Temper Dynamo. This Erentil most definitely had a gold boarder in it.
So what is technically the center? If you were to overlay a red dot with the chevron, where would the dot be placed? In the equidistant center of the triangle the chevron makes?
The only time I do this is when it’s the last encounter before the boss fight and the progress bar will complete in like 45 seconds, fixing the encounter to end and move us to the boss. Hey random blue berries, don’t get pissy at me for trying save you a raid banner. No point in wasting it for 45s of fighting non-bosses.
Shit even if you need to do 5 or 6 encounters... 1, sometimes 2, of them aren’t even worth it. Lamp Lighting? Come on. Nah, it’s not needed. I can sneeze on the “bosses” and they melt. And then the annoying 20 second final encounter before the boss. The one where you run an entire lap to get to it, fight for 20 seconds, then force progress to the boss fight. Don’t need a banner there. If I start that encounter before you can place a banner I’m doing you a favor.
Ya I got wrapped up in the math I totally spaced out on the fact back up mag doesn’t increase reserves. Looking back and re-reading the other guys comment I now realize he says extended mag, which is a weapon perk (not mod) that doesn’t exist on Heavy GLs. TLDR: math is on point, but completely pointless since field prep and armor perks are the only way to increase reserves.
Oh. Lol Where was the original source of a curated Erentil? Or is the first time it’s dropping?
Exactly. When I run Code of the Missile (+ skullfort) in gambit I will thunder crash one red bar just to have my ballistic slam for the actual groups. Something is wrong when the super is your utility for your ability use.
Cayde ~~is~~ was the hunter vanguard.
Dafuq are lightweight legs? You mean legs with a mobility base stat?
There is not enhanced hands on. Just ashes to assets and heavy lifting.
I’ll be really sad if Greg doesn’t get get some kind of Easter egg tribute.
Well intrinsic lightweight gives increased sprint speed as well as the mobility boost. So yes I questioned what he meant by lightweight legs since no such thing exists. My apologies for being picky.
Homie, aka homes. Not house home nor Sherlock Holmes.
If you have legs with the enhanced bomber perk (dodge gives grenade energy) I recommend bottom tree arcstrider (increased sprint speed and sprinting recharges your dodge) + shinobu’s vow (double skip charges, improved tracking, and grenade energy return in damage). Thrown on a 3+2 mods (paragon and grenade, your choice). Biggest advice is learning when to stop pressing with weapon fire and clean up with 1 or two skips tossed behind cover to finish them. Same build with Lucky raspberry and arc bolt grenades works well too. However I found more success in having that double skip charge Incase they were hanging on by a thread.
Meta
Emperor's Blaze (solar), Balance (void), or Shock (arc). **You** want to match the Emperor's mod to **your** subclass, since **your** weapon damage is considered **your** ability/super damage when standing in anyone's WoR.
If anyone is curious: * Bosses have the raid skull symbol next to their name * Majors have their race symbol next to their name * The only lost sectors that have true bosses (as it applies to the boss mod) are on Mars, The Tangled Shore, and Dreaming City. * All other lost sectors have Majors.
Any 150rpm with spike is going to be a better universal boss DPS weapon that ET. In the absence of SotR you should keep an eye out for Outrageous Fortune (strike rewards or Zavala packages) or Acantha-D (random drops from forge completions). &amp;#x200B; ET (with spike) isn't as lacking as orignially thought, assuming you have a TC to buff the void damage to close the gap it has on 150 GLs. However, 150 GLs beat 120 GLs outright.
Easier said than done. I don’t have a say when or where my teammates make orbs the majority of the time. CoS boss fight has lots of places your have to be at some point (witches vessel, crystal breaks, deception stun, protected areas to take cover). Going out of my way to not pick up those orbs just isn’t a viable raid tactic. Nor is making sure I pick up the orbs to get my heavy boosted to do the same/similar damage I could have done with a different legendary GL... I wish Wendigo was stronger. I want it to be. However the “pinnacle” perk only brings it up to the same tier of damage as 150 GLs that don’t require special circumstances. Its a shame, but it’s the truth. That weapon/perk isn’t the pinnacle of anything it has use in other than things that die in 6 shots or less. But anything that can die that fast can die just as fast from a 150.... without concern about special circumstances.
What?
2 weeks of Werner chest resets and just farming the chest. I would loot-farm the chest enough to get 500 imperials per run. Oh and made sure I did every triumph possible in those first two weeks.
The “significant” difference is when it’s used with tractor cannon. TC buffs void damage by 50% and kinetic/arc/solar by 33%. So the difference is the 17% when TC is in play.
The SBMM it uses isn't fully lobby based, rather team based. It does it's best to make your team's collective skill equal to that of the other team, not that all 12 players in the lobby have the same skill. So a team could be 5 potatoes + you and the other team should be relatively similar. &amp;#x200B; Poatoes are gunna potate though.. so the quality of a tater could be a wide range.
Looking back the trend seems to be a % progress when there are mixed progress values (i.e. your kills valued more than fireteam kills). When it's single static progress value the bounties appear to be lump sum progress.
I made 20-25% progress while running 1 EP from level 1 through level 7. I think it had something to do with enemies giving certain "weight" to the likely hood of droping treasures. So orange bars, ultras, and bosses gave the higher progress. &amp;#x200B; Which would make sense if you were running around Leviathan killing orange bars.
All I pointed to was the trend. Didn’t say it was logical or reasonable.
Looks like you should read your own reference.. &amp;#x200B; [https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/moons-haunted](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/moons-haunted)
The universe most definitely does not revolve around me, but neither am I out of line for assuming your reply to my comment was a direct reply to me. I can appreciate spreading pop culture knowledge, but it would be better served if you preface your comment with "For confused people reading this.." or "For the people not in the loop..." or something like that.
GSD/Golden mix?? I must charge you the tax.
The buffs are multiplicative, not additive. * 100 dmg x 1.25 (25% empowerment melee) x 1.20 (20% striking hand) = 150 dmg = 50% combined buff.
I typically agree with this statement. However just watching Gladd's video of him and Chevy 2 titans 2 manning Gahlran makes me rethink it. They blast pepehands from across the map using Recluse.... &amp;#x200B; That's not possible on console due to recoil, not bloom.
Also it's a bit of a head nod to Halo. When a similar death occurred you were killed by "the guardians".
Progress accumilates the same as normal. So you can make it to the boss after 2 encounters if you fully complete each one (lamp lighting &gt; encounter 1 &gt; encounter 2 &gt; boss).
picking any legendary engram off the ground (so regular purples and prime purples). If you get an exotic to in place of a prime drop it actually screws you over lol.
~~smell~~ taste
Favor has a suggested tip and it can be adjusted to your preference before payment. Payment doesn’t get submitted until after the delivery is made. IIRC a picture of the receipt is uploaded to the order when the driver picks it up. That recipes is what the final payment is based off of, opposed to what you entered into the order. (Most favor drivers will text you through the app to verify and/or ask if there is any additional items needed).
First time you talk to the Drifter after you unlock GP/Reckoning you are prompted to choose an allegiance.
What? Man this was in my early twenties when my biggest concern was my studio project for environmental design. Ganja should be the least of anyone’s concern with regard to extra-curricular activities for young adults.
Same thing was done for Prestige SoS back in Season 3.
Tits. You’re right. It must have been right after season 4’when SoS was still relevant content in terms of challenges.
Yes for special ammo GLs (single shot breach loaders), no for heavy GLs (multi shot drum loaders).
Yes. You get mod(s) and shaders back when you dismantle it. You do not get them back if you use it for infusion fuel.
Oh yeeas. It was Dora, and Deigo..
Servers back in as of 2pm PST. (5 hours earlier than expected)
I’m not at home to try, but just saw a Bungie tweet saying maintenance is complete.
Facing banshee, take a left and go down some stairs. Turn 180 and you end up under banshee.
If anyone is curious this is what [a 10 CammyCakes](https://youtu.be/xhp9Ndo1JMY) looks like. Pay special attention to 6m55s “Fastest Sniper only We Ran Out of Medals I’ve ever done”. Fastest sniper only... as in this is not his first rodeo. Wtf lol
Prospector works better. You can fire more rounds faster. Easier use for cheese.
Definitely don’t need for the last encounter before the boss fight when it ends up being 45 seconds long before it auto progresses you. I’ll sprint ahead and start the encounter so people don’t waste their raid banner. I laugh when people get passed and shoot at me.
GL’s in general are top tier total damage and DPS. Prospector is solid with its ridiculous rate of fire. Still gets beat by 150rpm with spike grenade, but still great. Amazing on arc singe days.
SotR counterparts Outrageous Fortune (solar) and Acantha-D (arc) still beat Prospector. The only reason why SoTR beats OF and A-D is because it’s void and has the potential higher tractor cannon debuff utility. Aside from that the 3 GLs are exactly the same.
The masterwork increases blast radius and Gl reserves. Larger blast radius is inverse to DPS, but that is with regard to spike grenades. Not sure what the effect is without spike. Larger reserves is a great benefit, but doesn’t actually change the DPS. DPS (damage per second) is the rate at which you can damage something. Reserves affects total damage capacity; how much damage your capable of producing before you run out of ammo, regardless of the rate at which you produce the damage. Think of DPS as the fastest a car can drive and total damage capacity (reserves) as how big the fuel tank is. Both stats are important, but typically boss fights are sprints rather than marathons so DPS is more important than damage capacity. However when you have a boss fight that has a huge health pool and a long damage window you’d rather have your marathon runner that has a huge fuel tank. (This is why Outbreak Prime is top tier as a boss fight compliment weapon in addition to your DPS heavy).
They are used because they are top tier in both DPS and total damage. The catalyst doesn’t affect DPS. (Sorry I tend to rant a bit when discussing DPS/damage to allow others following along understand. Lots of people just use the word DPS as a verb and don’t really understand the full picture)
Eh, I’d argue the majority of “DPS” discussions are with regard to true DPS and not total damage since the discussions revolve around melting/1-phasing bosses. Cheers though. Good discussion.
Hold auto fire until empty then let go as you run through the finish line. (Credit is awarded to the projectile crossing, not exploding)
Nope no did it once over a week ago and haven’t looked back since. I hardly ever get gauntlet, but I just use whatever GL I currently have on me.
What kind of ball do you use on outdoor hard top like concrete?
Same as an indoor ball? As in you use a standard indoor ball?
That was the point of doing this. op just didn’t really mention it in the title.
AA is sticky cross hairs and magic bullets/hit boxes. KBM just has sticky cross hairs turned down to zero.
Top 5 generic NPC dialogue, all time.
Monsters and Elfs you want a big, dialuted deck that allow you to pull matching allies from your deck. Nilf and NR you want a small, powrful deck not diluted with weak unit cards. 2-3 decoys, all your spies, healers, 1-2 scorched, all your heros, high level regular units/units that can double up "in arms", etc. Spies and decoys are obviously the way to go.. but you want to use them to pull good cards. They are worthless if you just pull a level 5 dwarf with no additional ability or whatever.
You might as well be called Dudu-bot.
All I want is some random city guard rambling in the background: ##pam paran pam pam paran
Season if storms is a prequel, but should be read last. It assumes you’ve read the series and contains spoilers. You shouldn’t honestly avoid recommending it to be read before the main series.
Jedi Jesus? Dude killed it.
So.. it’s not you.. in anyway possible.
I absolutely promise you wouldn’t be able to tell if I was a majority PvP or PVE player if went matched against each other in the crucible. I mean I guess you had some satire in there. Not really sure who you were trying to cut with that sharp wit.
I killed Kiera on the tower island. She was going continue on the research of experimenting on humans. No bitch, you are not.
She’s a fool if she though raving Radovid would grant clemency. She’s a fool for not giving me the notes. She’s an even bigger fool for threatening me and saying I should stay on the island forever.
Meh, it’s an easy implication if you go down that dialogue path. She is not sorry for using you and refuses to hand over the notes regarding evil unjust human research. Plus the crazy king isn’t the type to give clemency. He would do evil things with that evil research.
You mention character death(s).
You’re like a lawyer trying to manipulate contract language. To the average person who doesn’t know the book ending or the game endings you definitely have something written in there that is classified as a spoiler or spoiler by association so to speak.
\*Harbor, not docks. Only certain places are considered harbors.
Or being an OCD completionist and visiting the Emperor before meeting up with the crew at Dandilion's... not the ending I wanted.
Whoa there buddy. Be gracious and humble with your new found powers.
Spoiler tag that, please and thanks.
Sabrina is more of what I would have pictured for Triss, just maybe a little less bountiful and a tad bit shorter. I’m still content with the Triss we got though. The big make or break will be at the beginning of season 2 went they leave KM.
https://static3-gamerantimages-com.cdn.ampproject.org/i/s/static3.gamerantimages.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/witcher-triss-side-by-side.jpg?q=50&amp;fit=crop&amp;w=963&amp;h=491 Not at all.
That’s why he’s on a tower of towels. Big brain vets right there.
There isn’t anything specific for warm ups. It’s all the same... dynamic movements/stretching for your legs, torso, and arms; slow increase to heart rate, slow/easy Vball mechanics gradually sped up to game tempo mechanics.
Frisbees or the plastic lids that fit on top of a plastic 5 gallon bucket. Just use a metal washer on the bottom side of the plastic and use a through bolt (with eye) + nut so the tension doesn’t tear through the plastic over time. Make sure use a short eye bolt and set it as low as possible on the plastic so it’s not sticking up excessively high as a potential foot puncture hazard.
You should keep shoulders parallel with the board. Simply put: * Riding heel edge = shoulders opened to down hill. * Riding toe edge = shoulders closed to down hill (open to up hill) In reality it’s a spectrum and your always in some degree of open or closed. Less experienced riders tend to ride both edges with their shoulders open to the mountain. Usually because they are not comfortable riding with their blind side exposed down hill. So when they ride toe edge they force their shoulders open so they can see downhill. Why does it matter? Because you are fighting your own body. As you learn and improve your edge-to-edge transitions you’ll realize that it’s important to keep the movement fluid and relaxed, which is difficult to do when your shoulders are forcing your hips (aka not allowing your hips) the movement they need to perform.
IIRC: * Cat - light * Viper &amp; Griffin - Medium * Bear - Heavy
I've never heard that 2nd theory/speculation nor can I remember any part of the book(s) that would alude to that.
Just a heads up: the games (particularly 3) are amazing. BUT.. they will spoil the entire Witcher saga for you. The games take place \~10 years after the books end and have completely non-cannon story lines, but they obviously are based off the witcher universe per the ending of the books, with a bit of retcon to allow for the game narrative to take place. You/your GF will absolutely have the story spoiled if they jump into the games without reading the books first. I say reading the books first only because the netflix series will take years to wrap up, so if you want to experience the saga spoiler free.. then the books are the way to go. With that said: the games are amazing(game play and story narrative) and the books are even better (IMO, as a serial reader). The show is great too, but I would personally never be able wait that long for closure if there were books already existing.
I was aware of what you meant. I was just giving a heads up for your gf since you said she expressed interest in the games. I’ve already come across people saying they didn’t expect the saga to be spoiled when they played the games because they were told the game story has nothing to do with the books (aka show story). Was just trying to give a friendly heads up.
The “lesser of two evils” does not exist. Edit: that quote is their only attempt at showcasing it, aka not really done well.
Nor is it a big bush of frizzy curls though.
Regardless.. the characters look like she could be her mother.
[Scott Sterling](https://youtu.be/8F9jXYOH2c0) is a multi-sport legend.
Are you quoting passages about Yennefer? Because my comment (and this chain) was regarding Triss.
VJB isn’t a skill/technique book. It’s a book about the biomechanics of jumping with a detailed workout plan on how to increase your very based on your specific body.
Yup. I could easily look past the hair type/color... if only they made her appear younger and less severe.
Oh sweet summer child.
He definitely had a spotter giving hand signals. The human eye cannot focus on the eye of a needle from ~10 feet away. By no means does that belittle the operators skill, if anything it just highlights it even more (and the spotter‘s communication).
15/15, with your stance centered on the board. That’s neutral in every way possible which means you can switch between trying regular and goofy without worrying about changing your board set up.
Just means you ride with your back foot closer to straight instead of angled backwards. Nothing *wrong* with it, it just doesn’t allow for an easier time learning to ride switch. Physically it means your hips and torso will have an easier time opening up downhill riding normal and a very difficult time doing so while riding switch. Vice versa with being able to close your body (face up hill) while riding normal vs riding switch.
Your argument is a fallacy. What you are basing your argument on (that ending is her decision) is just as much true as the Witcher ending. She chooses to be a Witcher in that ending. There is no correct or incorrect answer to which ending she is happier. They are both as correct and as incorrect as each other, at the same time. It’s the nature of the dynamic story endings.
Your logic is flawed, but that’s ok because you put a smiley face at the end of every comment. :)
In the books she wasn’t a class mate of Yennefer. She was a native Nilfgardian with the expected patriotism of a native, who cast a morally ambiguous persona to the reader (who is given a very limited view of the world from a Nilfgardian POV). But no more evil than any other person situated in politics. She never studied to be a sorceress at Aretuza.. Which means she never jockied for a court position with Yennefer... Which means she never gets “assigned” to Nilfgard... Which means she never “turned against her fellow Sorceresses” with black magic at Sodden whiling attempting to kill them. Yes she fought against the north at Sodden, but not in an way that is more evil than any other war of nations. The entire Nilfgard invasion of Cintra is overly depicted as evil religious zealots slaughtering all life. More like it’s a dominant imperial nation steam rolling during their conquests. War is heck, but that’s all it is in the books.. war. Not good of humanity vs evil religious cult zealots. Many regions praise the Nilfgard rule/government post invasion since the booming economy has a huge positive impact to the working and merchant classes. Shit that’s half the reason why the separate northern rulers try to band together on their own, they realize that Nilfgard is competition, not just a hostile country.
The game story arc is completely non-canon. So it’s somewhat misleading when you try to make reverse-inferences based on the game’s story line (as a non reader plays the game I mean). However they do a pretty good job of weaving in canonical lore from the books in the game, but you have to patiently wait and absorb it as it comes.. and it’s not clearly identified as canon, so it can be just as confusing.
The aspect of book “canon” vs game story isn’t an argument about anything. It’s just a visible line drawn in the sand of what is actually part of the Witcher saga and what is creative story telling by CDPR. The games take place after the books and spin off their own stories. If the author decided to continue the Witcher saga he would have zero responsibility to maintain consistencies with what the games established... and there are some huge plot decisions by the end of W3. Personally I like the direction CDPR soun the story, but it’s not canon. If we’re were to ever get more book saga I wouldn’t expect there to be alignment between the two. With that said the series is an adaption of the books, not the games. So in majority it will follow the books with deviations that are intended to suit a TV series better. (Intended, but not necessarily successful). At most the show will include Easter eggs from the game, but it won’t insert plot or tangible universes differences that are found in the game. Yes they are all stand alone in the sense that you don’t need to experience any of the others to enjoy 1 of your choice, but to call them all “main” universes is a pretty big leap to accurate. * Books = original and canonical source * Games = spin-off/continuation set in the future of the canon, not from the mind and pen of the author. Tells a new story(s). * Series = reprise adaption of canon that tells the same story, adjusted for a different medium. Vetted and verified by author with deviations blessed for artistic license.
CDPR definitely stated that Geralt’s story is finished. I speculate (and hope) that W4 will be be set in the past, when Witchers and their whole guild were in their prime. Early human civilization/expansion. Elves not wiped out yet. Could open up the story to a more mystic and magical universe when. If they did that I would hope A.S. Willing works with CDPR to build a canonical/official past of the Witcher Universe. I 100% get where your coming from about wanting/perceiving the games as cannon. Aside from the game play, the continuation of the world and story is truly well written. I often find myself confusing book cannon with game narrative. Which is why these things are commonly referred to as “head cannon”. As much much as we want it to be, it’s not... but it deserves it so we allow it in our heads.
This is one of those universal truths. Back in high school we used to do the same prior to soccer matches when we would wait for the team to arrive. Except we used a blue racket ball and try to bounce it up into each other’s but sack while we would sit on benches across from each other.
The combo of using the damage over time grenades + a special ammo DPS weapon make it unique to no other. But it’s been that way since BA. It was even greater before the Luna reload nerf since mountain top + anarchy combo was one of the highest DPS loadouts around.
*Where’d he come from anyway?*
Why’d you have be be greedy and ruin a good thing? 2 bars/lines max. No more.
Karma farmed accounts aren’t bought in 1s and 2s. They are bought in mass bundles to marketing firms or other similar agencies that have a product/agenda to push. Using 1 account to “market” is like trying yell and be heard in a sports arena. Using a significantly large amount of accounts is more akin to having a chant get picked up by everyone around you and then it spreads throughout the arena. They don’t need exceedingly high karma accounts, just accounts that look somewhat legit upon cursory glance. The typical redditor doesn’t look at account history when casually browsing their front page.
I don’t think you understand what a line or bar is. Just because it’s sung/rapped faster doesn’t make it less lines/bars. Bars are full beat patterns that repeat, and the lines that are sung within a bar. It won’t be making it to the full song, you killed it. It probably won’t even make it to the end of that verse because you got greedy with the lyrics lol. But to appease you.. here it is the rest of the verse, properly grouped by lines &gt;Cause everybody in the hood has had it up to here / It's getting harder and harder and harder each and every year &gt;Some kids went in a store with their mother / I saw her when she came out she was gettin' some pampers &gt;They said it was for the black man / They said it was for the Mexican, and not for the white man &gt;But if you look at the streets, it wasn't about Rodney King / And this fucked up situation, and these fucked up police &gt;It's about coming up and staying on top / And screaming, "187 on a motherfuckin' cop" &gt;It's not in the paper, it's on the wall &gt;National Guard &gt;Smoke from all around And why would you end your copy/pasta with the Rodney King line? That makes no sense in manner.
What do you think a less expensive means and methods would be? Also no one posts to this sub with “cost of ____” being the “WTF” aspect with regard to construction/demolition. There is no shock value to earn a WTF with the cost of this means and methods... particularly for the average person with average/non-knowledge of heavy machinery.
Pretty sure that is proper pick point rigging for the bobcat... with the exception of the whole live/dynamic load and dramatic increase of force when the floor drops. Good pick, bad use. Start at the crane hook and follow the strap down to the steel eye. Follow the steel eye down where it splits into 2 straps that attach at 2 separate anchor points. No idea what the back looks like though.
&gt; What worked for me was doing all of Eva’s bounties every day, every week. FTFY
Agreed. My NA deck consists of 29 cards total and my leader is Foltest The Siegemaster: 23 Unit cards * 8 Heros: Geralt, Ciri, Mysterious Elf (spy), Vernon Roche, John Natalis, Esterad Thyssen, Philippa, and Yennefer (medic) * 7 Close Combat: 2 spy, 3 commandos (tight bond), Vesemir, and Villentretenmerth (close combat scorch) * 1 Range: Dethmond * 7 Siege: Thaler (spy), Dun Banner Medic (medic), 2 ballista, 1 trebuchet, 2 catapult (tight bond) 6 Special Cards * 2 Biting Frost * 2 Decoy * 1 Commanders Horn * 1 Scorch I literally only have 4 unit cards that don’t provide any unique benefit: Vesemir (+6), Dethmond (+6), 2 Ballista (+6), Trebuchet (+6). I use all my heros except for Triss since she only provides +7 and I can’t play a special card or use a unit card ability on her. All my other heros are 10 or 15, except Yen (+7 medic) and mystery elf (+0 spy). My blue stripes are my weakest units (+4) but their tight bond makes up for it. Spy cards + medics + decoys means I use 20 cards on average when it’s all said and done. The best strategy is simple: have more cards than your opponent. The trick is to not dilute your deck. You want to make it so you get spies to start and you want your spies to give you good cards. Easy with a small potent deck, difficult with a large diluted deck. Frost is my balance to my spies. I don’t play around with other weather by trying to luck into what the opponent will use. I know they will have a stacked close combat hand in the first round because I’ll make it for them. [end rant, my bad lol]
Rain isn’t an issue. With the siege master and a big stack of siege cards I still bet decent points if rain happens. But that’s where my 10/15 heros come into play. It’s an 40-50 points that can’t be reduced. With my spies, medics, and decoys I never really worry about getting out maneuvered. Just have to commit to a strategic loss of a round so I can muscle the opponent in the next round. You have to have a minimum of 22 unit cards (heros classified as units). So at most I could drop Ves or Deth. Dandelion is meh for me. I typically sacrifice my close combat cards as fodder since I will end up freezing the opponent. If I pull 2-3 blue stripes and [insert long ass dragon name with close combat scorch] then I’ll work around that freeze and adjust. The hero’s are for good, but not great points, but mainly slow playing the opponent until they have to make undesirable plays (like playing a scorch card on a +6 trebuchet x1 since everything else is a hero and I haven’t played a commanders horn yet. My total deck unit strength is 157, but I usually end my final winning round with 100-130 points alone. Not having a clear weather card has never been an issue.
I recommend pinning this post for \~1+ week so it stays visible for an extended period of time.
&gt;Hissrich explained the thought process behind it, stating, "The Nilfgaardian army is one of conscription. As they march northward, the army pillages towns and forces villagers into military servitude. They are not an elite fighting force -- yet." She continued, "There are powerful leaders in the forefront, yes, but the army itself is more rag-tag, borne of necessity, without glamour or means," adding that the armor was a reflection of the army's current state in the series. SMH.. she is butchering Nilfgard so bad. It's not a shitty rag-tag army; they are an advanced, modern empire that is extremely wealthy due to their laissez faire approach to their economy... which is a big bonus to the working and merchant classes. (This also reflects the huge discrepency with the show portraying Nilfgard is overly portrayed as some evil regligious cult empire.) Side note: how did you infer from that article that "the advanced metal work was developed later on"? 1. See above.. they are just as advanced, if not more, than any other Northern Kingdom. 2. The the time line may jump \~60 years from when Yen first attends Aretuza to the present time, but the story continues on pretty much within a current timeline/time period. Ending \~4-5 years from where the shown ends. There is no astounding jump in mundane technology in 4 years. If there was you still don’t retrofit and Empire's army within that time frame either. Edit: no hostility directed at you (or even the show runner in the big picture). All-in-all I enjoyed season 1, but i just am worried about lots of little things piling up to drown them in bad critiques. The one thing worse than a bad adaption is a bad retcon.
&gt;Note that the DLC for Witcher 3 is largely outside/after the novels as I understand them.. "The Wild Hunt" is probably great, but from the plot points of it that I know, it lacks a lot of background on twh from the final 2 or 3 books. It may lack background from the final 2-3 books, but it most definitely will spoil the end of the series if you play the games first. I love both, but I have to point that out to my friends and let them decide if they want to read the books or play the games first.
Then there's me, levl 44 strolling around Touissant. Decides to clean up the quest long, sees 10 level 18 Skellidge quests... *Nah, maybe later.*
The point is that by the time they were up the ass of the Northern Realms they were advanced enough to not be the laughing stock. That’s why their invasion had so much success as early as it did... the NR took them for granted for far longer than they should have.
I mean I get what your saying, but this retcon for the Netflix armor choice just doesn’t make sense. *Poor Fucking Infantry* don’t get armor in any army of any kingdom. The weird pseudo ball sack armor choice was poor wardrobe design that doesn’t have any in-show reason to exist. Sure armor changes and armies improve as they conquer... but that doesn’t explain why a they had extremely well tailored ball sac armor compared to infantry armor of the northern kingdoms. If you can outfit an army uniformly, regardless of it being smithed armor, then your not a resource destitute army. If they can’t properly explain why show choices are made with believable in-show logic, then any attempt at retconning is going to fall short of being logical as well. Illogical retcon is worse than a bad first attempt adaption.
That’s the thing. The show portrays them as a religious with a religious agenda. The books do not. There is no “word of God” for them to preach. The show added this overt religious perception for some reason I can’t fathom. The Great Sun was a popular religion for the country prior to present day. The current Emperor’s father decreed it as the official state religion and established a patron of the ruling house Emreis. Emperor Emhyr var Emreis is dubbed “The White Flame Dancing on the Barrows if his Enemies”. That title isn’t a religious one. See below for more detail. Nilfgaard in the books resembles the ancient Roman Empire with regard to their economical and territorial drive/purpose and societal construct. Nilfgaard in the show resembles the Holy Roman Empire with regard to their religious purpose. ~1000 years prior to present day time in the show: Nilfgaard started as a small kingdom, whose first settlers mixed with the elves of that area. This caused the Nilfgaardians ancestors to incorporate most of the elven culture into their own, which is the reason why Nilfgaard speaks a variation of the Elder Speech. (“Deithwen Addan yn Carn aep Morvudd” aka “The White Flame..”). Sometime later the kings of the original ancestral kingdom of Nilfgaard faded out and in their place citizens formed a senate, turning the Kingdom into a Republic. This continued on for an extensive period of time until the Senate was overthrown by first Emperor. Fast forward to the current ~100 years of timeline. Emhyrs father was overthrown and the throne was taken by an unnamed Usurper. Emhyr later killed the Usurper and took back the throne to continue his family’s dynasty (3 generations long is known, more speculated). After reclaiming the throne he had all of his dead political enemies disenterred and used their gravestones to pave his ballroom, which is where he gets the title “The White Flame Dancing on the Barrows of his Enemies”. “The White Flame” is attributed to the Great Sun religion which is based around the ancestral elven heritage. So ya, just a regular empire conquering other kingdoms. No religious context, purpose, goal, or anything really. They are an empire that has a religion, not a religious empire.
[https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Something\_Ends,\_Something\_Begins\_(quest)](https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Something_Ends,_Something_Begins_(quest))
The games are great, good play and good writing. But if you really want to understand the Yen/Triss dynamic you have to read the books. Which can be pretty much said for the entire Witcher universe that the games take place in.
The Last Wish would make an arguement that Yen is only destiny due to magic interference as well. That's the whole premise of their story arc in Witcher 3.
Yes it's the same in the books. The most recent example I can cite is from Lady of the Lake (currently re-reading). Novices are dispatched to join the army's medical core. One of the novices puts so much magical effort out in helping that she is basically drained causing her to vomit.
The 104 is a conflicting piece of info from Witcher 2 that conflicts with book/author cannon. * 1173 - Yen is born * 1000-1010 - Geralt is born (no firm date, author has stated that he is 50-60 by the time of Baptism of fire 1267). * 1229 - Dandelion is born * 1253 - Ciri is born * 1264 - Geralt meets Ciri (for the 2nd time in the books; 1st time in the show)
It's a dwarven accent. Accept that and you'll be much happier.
[http://gwentcards.com/](http://gwentcards.com/) Open up your gwent collection and check off each card you have. Then filter the unchecked cards for Area: Valen. Each card should tell you where you get it.
There is no firm date, but the author has stated that Geralt is 50-60 by the time of Baptism of Fire happens. Vesamer was an old witcher when Geralt was just a boy training. * 950 - first witchers are created * 1112 - Vesemir noted to have been an acitive witcher at this point in time * 1173 - Yen is born * 1200-1210 - Geralt is born * 1218 - Calanthe is born * 1229 - Dandelion is born * 1232 - Calanthe coronated as Queen of Cintra * 1235 - Calanthe marries Roegner of Ebbing * 1237 - Duny saves Roegner from death; invokes law of suprise * 1237 - Pavetta is born * 1248 - Calanthe's husband dies * 1252 - Duny (Urcheon) appears to collect the law of suprise owed to him (Pavetta) from Calanthe (they have been courting for over a year in secret0). Geralt saves Duny's life and invokes the law of suprise from Duny; this reveales that Pavetta is pregnant with Ciri. * 1253 - Ciri is born * 1264 - Geralt meets Ciri (for the 2nd time in the books; 1st time in the show) * 1267 &amp; 1268 - events in Blood of Elves, Time of Contempt, Baptism of Fire, Tower of Swallows, and Lady of the Lake
Although that is chornologically correct for the in-world timeline, that is not the proper reading order. Season of Storms should be read last, as it contains spoiler info regarding the saga story.
Netflix timeline doesn’t even jive with it’s self, let alone the books. Episode 3 (1210, young yen at Aretuza) has the mages mention queen Calanthe when discussing where to send the girls. Queen Calanthe wasn’t even born yet according to Thor times line (1216). Netflix also has Geralt older than Yen. As far as the books go, is no firm date, but the author has stated that Geralt is 50-60 by the time of Baptism of Fire happens. It’s 100% universally accepted that Yen is older than Geralt though. * 950 - first witchers are created * 1112 - Vesemir noted to have been an acitive witcher at this point in time * 1173 - Yen is born * 1200-1210 - Geralt is born * 1218 - Calanthe is born * 1229 - Dandelion is born * 1232 - Calanthe coronated as Queen of Cintra * 1235 - Calanthe marries Roegner of Ebbing * 1237 - Duny saves Roegner from death; invokes law of suprise * 1237 - Pavetta is born * 1248 - Calanthe's husband dies * 1252 - Duny (Urcheon) appears to collect the law of suprise owed to him (Pavetta) from Calanthe (they have been courting for over a year in secret0). Geralt saves Duny's life and invokes the law of suprise from Duny; this reveales that Pavetta is pregnant with Ciri. * 1253 - Ciri is born * 1264 - Geralt meets Ciri (for the 2nd time in the books; 1st time in the show) * 1267 &amp; 1268 - events in Blood of Elves, Time of Contempt, Baptism of Fire, Tower of Swallows, and Lady of the Lake
It shares geometry (hexagon), but that just shows that hexagons look like hexagons. Now if the question is if there is any spiritual/lore/canonical context, I couldn’t say.
Here’s my thematically connected link to the geometry. Has nothing to do with the flower, but rather hexagons, tesseracts, and hypercubes which is the fundamental basis of how we (3D entities) can visualize a physical 4th dimension (aka alternate realities). https://www.reddit.com/r/raidsecrets/comments/ep28to/next_step_for_the_corridors_of_time_questline/fehnn06/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
Ciri’s time at K.M. Can be split into 2 parts: pre-Triss and post-Triss. By the time Geralt sends for Triss, Ciri has already become fairly proficient with sword training and has begun to develop physical prowess. Then Triss comes and she spends a good amount of time helping Ciri manage her feminine growth as well as some classical schooling. That is most definitely most likely more than a 3 season time span.
Savage. Our beloved bot actually got a user to delete their comment.
I’d say quite the opposite actually. Bungie tweeted an indication that this isn’t the last step, or that it is... but it’s an extremely long step. “This is a marathon, not a sprint” or something like that.
Never had an issue . Specs for reference: PS4, \~6 year old 55" Samsung LED, game mode always on. I have no idea what the problem is, but this would be my recommended run down list to try to pin point the issue: * Does this happen with your pause menu Gwent deck collection and the Gwent deck collection pre-Gwent match? Only one or the other? * Has it hasn't happened at any other time in the game? Live game play, menu/inventory browsing, dialogue screens, etc.? * Do you have another TV you can plug into and test the same parameters? * Have you tried playing another game on the new TV and had the opportunity to see if it happens with just W3 or multiple games?
Full list for reference and anyone else that wants to know: 1. Last Wish (short story collection) 2. Sword of Destiny (shorty story collection) 3. Blood of Elves (first full novel) 4. Time of Contempt 5. Baptism of Fire 6. Tower of Swallows 7. Lady of the Lake (end of the saga) 8. Time of Contempt (prequel, novel length "short story" that takes place after Last Wish, but contains saga spoilers so should be read last).
I mean the games do spoil the books. The game's story is CDPR's creative vision of what the Witcher saga looks like if it continued after the book story has ended The game spoils the Emperor and spoils Geralt by retconning his ending.
Full list for reference and anyone else that wants to know: 1. Last Wish (short story collection) 2. Sword of Destiny (shorty story collection) 3. Blood of Elves (first full novel) 4. Time of Contempt 5. Baptism of Fire 6. Tower of Swallows 7. Lady of the Lake (end of the saga) 8. Time of Contempt (prequel, novel length "short story" that takes place after Last Wish, but contains saga spoilers so should be read last).
I always look for any sword that has chance to cause burning. Something super satisfying about swinging away in a hanse melee battle royal and enemies just spontaneously igniting and running around on fire.
Does equiping a witcher cross bow contribute +1 to the witcher set, allowing you to swap for a non-witcher sword?
I'm not debating what-ifs and maybes. I'm debating what you presented as explicit fact from the books is, in truth, not fact. Rather it's your personal head cannon of a fantasy world created for our enjoyment. Which is wonderful.. that's the great things about fantasy, our minds are the engine that run the author's script. However, when you are having a discussion about it outside of the 4th wall you should to learn to draw the line between canonical truth and interpreted head cannon. Please do discuss your head cannon and share it with everyone, but make sure you don't misrepresent it as factual canon. That does a disservice to the authors, artists, and creators as well as your fellow fans.
Don’t try to run from your Destiny silver locks.
From Wiki: “The world line (or worldline) of an object is the path that object traces in 4-dimensional spacetime.” Post comment I made yesterday in one of the puzzle threads regarding the 2D hexagon map actually looks like a 3D cube, and potentially a 4D tesseracts (2x 3D cubes parallel to each other, aka a hyper cube): [https://www.reddit.com/r/raidsecrets/comments/ep28to/next\_step\_for\_the\_corridors\_of\_time\_questline/fehnn06/?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=ios\_app&amp;utm\_name=iossmf](https://www.reddit.com/r/raidsecrets/comments/ep28to/next_step_for_the_corridors_of_time_questline/fehnn06/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf) My spinfoil hat theory is that this map is actually a 4D map of hypercubes, and once solved will be a path for us to traverse into a higher dimension... aka alternate reality. Cause you know endless possibilities throughout by navigating the corridors of time and all that. Even if I’m 100% wrong I recommend everyone watching those YouTube videos in my previous comment if they are curious about a fourth higher dimension.
34 hours is absurdly quick. That means you pretty much hardly deviated from the main quest line and didn't pursue side quests or free explore. Nothing wrong with that.. even without the DLCs you have so much untouched content you could easily play another 34 hours without repeating anything you've done.
Read them in order. Just like any other book-to-movie or book-to-show, things are left out/modified/or straight up changed. That's why it's called an adaption.. it is what it is. But if you are going to commit to reading the books, do not half-ass it. Read it the way it was written and the way it was meant to be read. Full list for reference and anyone else that wants to know: 1. Last Wish (short story collection) 2. Sword of Destiny (shorty story collection) 3. Blood of Elves (first full novel) 4. Time of Contempt 5. Baptism of Fire 6. Tower of Swallows 7. Lady of the Lake (end of the saga) 8. Time of Contempt (prequel, novel length "short story" that takes place after Last Wish, but contains saga spoilers so should be read last).
Nice art. Can't stop seeing her wickedly large bruska hands though lol.
[The world of Joe Abercrombie's First Law triology (and stand alone novels)](https://firstlaw.fandom.com/wiki/First_Law_Wiki) Specifically in the North along side Logen Ninefingers. Say one thing about the Bloody Nine.. he’d always been lucky with fights. Lucky at getting out of them alive. Not so lucky with the getting into them.
#PAMPARAM PAM PAM PA RAM
Think about what? Post your thoughts about it and then a discussion could be possible.
If that was the case I think we would have seen 3 different maps start to conglomerate from all the crowd sourced input so far.
The title is reference to the length of the video.
All the more reason why auto tune is garbage. It doesn’t improve anything. It ruins a good voice and (poorly) masks a bad voice. Edit: (in my opinion)
“Almost” Lol I feel like you still haven’t really comprehended the story saga nor the character development.
There is a lot of promise in this. Specifically if you find a narrator that you love. I’ve been in OP’s shoes before and went through a period of time where my mental capacity for engaging in the things I enjoy was very taxing/daunting. Was a serial hobby reader who wouldn’t stay I hated anymore. Fast forward a couple years and I’m back enjoying my passion of reading. Obviously a lot of other things helped me, but the biggest thing specific to reading was audiobooks. I would purchase my kindle books with audible add on so that I can seamlessly switch between reading and listening on the kindle app on my phone. Once I found a few good narrators I was able to focus back on my love of books. The narrators kept me anxiety free and then I get hooked and would dive face first in the text.
There is nothing in this video besides steamed milk and food coloring. They are pouring steamed milk into steamed milk. Edit: we Americans use latte as short hand for cafe latte, but in Italy (and most of Europe) if you asked for latte you would either get milk or asked what type of latte drink specifically you mean. The above video is quite literally latte art. Not coffee art.
What does HHSN have to do with (warlock) class ability?
just as MiltownKBs mentioned, get to the set earlier. Ideally you want to have multiple setting options. If this clip was game footage then a good defense would definitely load up early for a double block on your OH hitter. If you were to get to the set earlier and jump straight up (instead of forward into the set) you would have a good option to set to the right side for a 1on1 match up. Back setting that far across the court may or may not be to your ability, but the defense may not know that. So even if you can't make that back set you still want to be able to keep the defense honest and hide your intent.
Canonically, I believe that is who it is suppose to be, but without directly stating it. Side note: (canonically) there is no School of \_\_\_\_\_ for witchers. The cats are basically witcher washouts who didn't complete the trail of grasses. As such they are basically killers for hire, monsters or men. The medallions aren't associated with schools. They are just the medallion choosen by the witcher for personal reasons.
And to further explain: his curse was only in effect during the day. At night he would look normal.
99% sure you can't put runes on Aerondight.
wtf is steel oil?
Ah shit. Forgot about the runewright. I need to go back and see that dude.
It's impossible for the show to follow the games. That would mean the show's timeline would fast forward \~20 years and the entire book storyline would be skipped. There may be a little easter egg or something related to the games, but that's it.
If Season 2 starts off scenes that match how Blood of Elves starts off then there's a decent chance that something is mentioned in the show. But like others said it's never even directly discussed in the books, kind of just mentioned iin passing in a not specific way.
lmao. I swear these bot replies are relavent/appropriate a solid 9/10 times.
I could see them merging non-critical characters into each other to lessen the amount of cast there is.. but there's no way they merge Rience and Cahir. They are two distinct characters who are on opposite sides of the protaganist/antaganist spectrum.
Book canon states that his curse is only active during the day. He's normal looking at night.
According to the author he is 50-60 by the time of Baptism of Fire. The book novels (Blood of Elves through Lady of the Lake) take place over a period of 2 years, so it's safe to say he's 50-60 throughout the books. For simplicity lets say he's 60 by 1268, the conclusion of the books. That would be as close to canon as we can identify. Witcher 3 starts in 1272, but obviously that conflicts with Vesimir's comment about "being nearly 100 years old". I can't find the reference to the author's comment, but I believe it was made after or during W3's development, so it would just be one of book vs game conflicts that we have to accept.
[Scoia'tael](https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Scoia%27tael) [Conjunction of the Spheres](https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Conjunction_of_the_Spheres) Geralt is in his 60's according to book/author cannon and in his 90's according to game lore. [Elder Blood](https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Elder_Blood) [Dwarves](https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Dwarf) No proper name, simply called The Continent. The has not been mapped out/surveyed beyond the continent.
Not really accurate. [https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Elder\_Blood](https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Elder_Blood) The elder blood is specifically referring the the Lara gene, meaning the direct descendents of Lara Dorren. Lara Dorren is of the Aen Elle (other world elves), not the Aen Seidhe (elves currently living on the continent), which you referred to in your comment. However no other Aen Elle has the Lara gene. Without going into many details about genetics that is explained in the game, basically the reproductive rate of elves is so low that it disappeared from the gene pool of Lara's Aen Elle descendents. Since humans breed like rabbits, it was but passed along in humans while remaining dormant for many, many generations.
The end of Season of Storms may help you alleviate some of that hype let down you mentioned regarding the game story (and how they tie together). It's pretty much the reason why SoS is recommended as a last read. The main story takes place before Blood of Elves, but there is "interlude" chapters from Nimue's PoV in the future (similar to Lady of the Lake). &amp;#x200B; FYI: SoS isn't really a "short story" in true form. It's a single full length novel, but it's thought of as "short story" in the Witcher saga because it follows suit regarding the original short stories in Last Wish and Sword of Destiny. Meaning it's a stand alone tale that takes place prior to the Witcher saga, but most definitely is a full length novel plot.
This is where it's at. I get the hardback collecting for great series.. but after moving a couple times with a growing book collection I gave up on that. The only time I bother with print copies is if it's truely unique special addition or something. Otherwise, nah. Personally I always opt for theKindle version + Audible add-on for a fraction of what an audible book costs alone. Whisper sync means I can listen while I drive home from work then pick up reading right where I left off listening, all in one app without any issues. * Paperback \~$16 * Kindle \~$8 * Audible alone \~$20 * ***Kindle + Audible Add-on \~$20***
Np! Amazing books. Just make sure you read them in proper order (publication order): 1. Last Wish (short story collection) 2. Sword of Destiny (short story collection) 3. Blood of Elves (start of novels) 4. Time of Contempt 5. Baptism of Fire 6. Tower of Swallows 7. Lady of the Lake 8. Season of Storms (prequel that takes place before Blood of Elves, but should be read last due to saga spoilers)
You can sell anything in the game besides oils, potions, bombs, and anything in your quest inventory. You just have to sell it to the right type of merchant. Similarly you get more money by selling to a relevant merchant. * A blacksmith will give more money for a sword than traveling merchant or inn-keep. * same with herbs and hearbalists * also books and the 1 book merchant in Novigrad Best bang for your buck is the grandmaster blacksmith and his next door neighbor general merchant in Toussaint. I always make sure I unlock him ASAP and do all my late game selling there.
Where do you think small backwater towns can get the money to pay you that much. They scrape as much as they can together for what you get paid. Bigger city contracts do pay more though.
Truth. I’ve upgraded the runewight’s methlab, my Corvo casa interior and exterior upgrades, crafted all the grandmaster Witcher gear to put on display in my casa and have ~50k in my pocket. I’m about to start clearing all the sailing “?” in Skellige for completionist reasons and wouldn’t be surprised if I round up another $50k by the time I’m done.
If you (or anyone) has the books in digital format, I challenge you (or anyone) to search for the word “school” in all 8 books that have been published. None of them will return a passage that says “school of (insert Witcher-animal)”. The character that confronts Geralt in Season of Storms does have a cat medallion, but that’s doesn’t signify anything about Witcher schools. Here’s the actual passage from the book: ____ “That horrifying character was wearing a medallion similar to yours,” the poet said, joining the conversation. “He was one of the Cats, wasn’t he?” “He was. I don’t want to talk about it, Dandelion.” “The notorious Cats,” said the poet, addressing the sorceress. “Witchers—but failures. Unsuccessful mutations. Madmen, psychopaths and sadists. They nicknamed themselves ‘Cats,’ because they really are like cats: aggressive, cruel, unpredictable and impulsive. And Geralt, as usual, is making light of it in order not to worry us. Because there was a threat and a significant one. It’s a miracle it went off without a fight, blood or corpses. There would have been a massacre, like there was in Iello four years ago. I was expecting at any moment—” “Geralt asked you not to talk about it,” interrupted Tiziana Frevi, politely but firmly. “Let’s respect that.” ____ “Cats” was a self-titled named by the failures who turned rouge-assassins for hire, not a Witcher school. Similarly the cat medallion is probably just a self-styled attempt by these failures to appear/feel legitimate as a play off their persona.
&gt;Hi All, &gt; &gt;i plan on buying a Salomon Sight 2020, i was reading some reviews and it seems to be a good beginner board. &gt; &gt;Myself: Male, 183cm tall, 88kg weight, Beginner, ShoeSize 44 EU / 9.5 UK / 10 US &gt; &gt;Now my main difficulty is with the length of the board. On the Webshops page i can see either length 156cm, or 159cm. If i check the specs, 156cm goes for KG 60-80, while 159cm goes from KG 65-90. &gt; &gt;How strict are those weigth guidelines? I have no experience, but i guess i'd appreciate the flexibility of a shorter board. Is 159cm still good? &gt; &gt;Or should i look for a different board alltogether in the end? &gt; &gt;Thanks in advance!!! The reality is 3cm is a negligible difference to a beginner rider on their first board. The recommended weight definitely suggests you go with a 159, but a 156 isn't going to treat you bad. Some people intentionally ride outside the recommended weight/size based on their intended ride/use. If you ride down a size then the board will feel softer than normal, which some people like for park. If your ride up a size it will feel stiffer, which some people like for all-mountain groomer bombing, or possibly riding in deeper powder with boards that are not powder speciic. IMO your size and weight has you better suited for the 159 over the 156. Boot size seems to be ok so that's a non-factor. &amp;#x200B; Edit: as far as that specific board goes, I have no idea. Seems like a good deal for an entry/first purchase. Which is a good way to go about it. After you nail down your riding style and up your experience you can invest in a higher performing board suited to you.
Not at the airport. They stopped offering a "locker" type storage a whle ago for security reasons.
Whoa there. The biggest way to lose a debate is to attack the person, not their idea. You had valid points, but totally lost all credibility the moment you made it personal.
Before he meets Yen is irrelevant. After he meets Yen he hooks up with Triss, Coral, Shani, and Fringilla. May be others, but that’s the best I can remember off the top of my head. Fringilla is actually in the last one and is late in the book series. They hook up for an entire winter in Toussaint.
For the game? Ya. Anything that is a choice to the player is a valid possibility. That’s why it’s a game spin off of the source material. Everything I mentioned was in regard to the books because you said you didn’t know. I was just providing book knowledge for your reference. My blurb is the canonical relationship between Geralt and Yen, with a detailed breakdown of their dynamic and how it is an integral part of the Witcher saga. It’s way more complex than “team yen” vs “team Triss” regarding their relationship in the books. But that’s up to the player to exercise their choice and their opinion in the game, since it’s not a fated story ending.
To be fair that’s more or less how a reader would perceive it in the books up through Last Wish. The real character and relationship development doesn’t really start to get meat on the bones until the saga novels. Particularly Yen and her matriarchal relationship she developed with Ciri. Will the show do the books justice in this regard? No idea. I hope so. But the show hasn’t even had a chance to attempt it yet because we aren’t at that point yet in the saga. (Look for it in season 2) I can not recommend reading the books to people enough. Even if the show hit a homerun and knocked the adaption out of the park you will still miss out on the nuisances and bone deep emotion. Phenomenal acting performances will never exceed the performance your imagination can produce. It may be comparable when done extremely well, but imagination and the ability to suspend disbelief while reading a fantasy novel will always make for a better show runner than a movie/TV producer. With that said, I 100% support and enjoy well made adaptions and even well attempted adaptions that come up short.
Chaos (i.e. magic) lies behind that door.
Biggest spoiler that is 100% unavoidable: &gt;! The Emperor is Ciri's father Duny, believed to be dead until the end of the last book !&lt;
What? Biggest spoiler that is 100% unavoidable:&gt;!The Emperor is Ciri's father Duny, believed to be dead until the end of the last book!&lt;
This is really what it's about. The lesser evil is an analog to neutrality. Not being able to stay neutral is what's carried on through the rest of the saga. The lesser evil aspect is kind dropped off and forgotten about.
Draw me some art so I can criticize it. Please and thanks.
Oh man. One of my first meta comment moment of witness. I feel like I should mark this occasion in my calendar.
It’s a discussion about avoiding possible spoilers. I made a comment to a person who already completed the saga about an important spoiler that the didn’t consider. I used a spoiler tag to hide it. If a person clicks that tag, that’s not on me. Lol it’s the entire purpose of a spoiler tag. I didn’t spoil anything, an individuals inability to restrain from clicking that tag spoiled it for themself.
It’s at the end of the saga in the last book. (So ~7 years from now if you are waiting out the show)
So the games are a spin off story written by CDPR 10 years after the books end. 99% of the game story matches the books and uses the book story/ending as it’s foundation. (There are little things that are different to allow for better flow) But yes the important book plot points are all in the games as established past history. This one in particular is the basic premise of the entire main quest line. It’s presented to you as though it’s common knowledge right after you leave the starting area White Orchid.
All of the cards that are tied to the HoS expansion require you to at least complete the first intro HoS quest that unlocks the HoS characters, locations, etc. Some of the card can just be purchased or won from NPC vendors without requiring anymore questing. Others require quest progress to unlock the dialogue or access to a NPC. Side note: IMO Gaunter O'Dimm (and his darkness cards) are only good to use in the Monster and Scoia'tael decks. The strategy behind those decks revolves around the muster ability cards, so it's good to have a big deck (30+ cards). Nilfgaard and Norther Realms strategy is all about spies, medics, and decoys. You do not want to dilute your deck by making it larger than you need (22 unit cards and +-6 special cards). If you dilute your deck you make it harder to draw out your spies, medics, and decoys. Keep those decks below 30 cards. &amp;#x200B; |DECK|CARD|TERRITORY|VALUE|COMBAT TYPE (ability, if applicable)|LOCATION| |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| |DLC - neutral|Cow|Valen|0 (avenger) |Ranged |Found on the upper floor of the barn during the wedding (HoS quest req'd)| |DLC - neutral|Bovine Defense Force|n/a |8|Close Combat|Auto-summoned when the Cow card is removed during play. | |DLC - neutral |Gaunter O'Dimm|Valen|2 (muster) |Siege|Defeat Hilbert at the Auction House (HoS quest required)| |DLC - neutral |Gaunter O'Dimm Darkness (1 of 3)|Valen |4 (muster) |Range|Trader, Upper Mill (NE corner of Valen, West of Brunwich)| |DLC - neutral |Gaunter O'Dimm Darkness (2 of 3) |Valen |4 (muster) |Range |Trader near Carsten, West of Vegelbud residience | |DLC - neutral |Gaunter O'Dimm Darkness (3 of 3) |Valen |4 (muster) |Range |Trader near Carsten, West of Vegelbud residience | |DLC - neutral |Olgierd von Everec|Valen|6 (morale boost)|Agile Close/Range Combat |Defeat Shani in Oxenfurt or find in her clinic in Oxenfurt at the end of HoS if you didn't win it from her earlier. | |DLC - monster|Eredin Breacc Glas: The Treacherous|Valen|Doubles strength of all spy cards |Leader|Purchased from Dulla kh'Amanni in Upper Mill.| |DLC - monster|Toad|Valen|7|Range|Defeat Oligierd von Everac| |DLC - Nilfgaard|Emhyr var Emreis: Invader of the North|Valen|Abilities that restore a unit to the battlefield restore a randomly-chosen unit. Affects both players |Leader |Purchased from the trader at the circus camp near Carsten| |DLC - Northern Realms|Foltest: Son of Medell|Valen|Destroy enemy's strongest ranged combat unit(s) if the combined strength of all ranged units is 10 or more. |Leader|Purchased from the merchant at the circus camp near Carsten| |DLC - Scoia'tael|Schirru|Valen|8 (scorch - siege)|Siege|Won from the merchant at the circus northwest of Carsten| |DLC - Scoia'tael |Francesca Findabair: Hope of the Aen Seidhe|Valen|Move agile units to whichever valid row maximizes their strength (don't move units already in optimal row).|Leader|Purchased from Dulla kh'Amanni at Upper Mill|
No idea. Using the quest breakdowns found on [witcher.fandom.com](https://witcher.fandom.com) are good about mentioning cause/effect details or what-if type scenarios like you asked. &amp;#x200B; [https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Carnal\_Sins](https://witcher.fandom.com/wiki/Carnal_Sins)
Full cast audio books and single narrator audio books (which is the fast majority of audiobooks) are two different animals. Personally I love single narrator ones as it keeps the feeling of reading a book. Also: Peter Kenny does an amazing job. I would be shocked if a full cast could actually do a better job.
TV/movie adaptions never fully capture books in their entirity, nor do they stay 100% accurate to the books. That's why it's called an adaption. The books are the source material and are considered canon. The show is the book canon, recreated and adapted for TV (somethings go outside the cannon).. but essentially the same story as the books. Season 1 covers the first 2 books. The next 7 seasons that will be released in the next \~7-8 years will cover the remaing books. This is the proper reading order:y based on the witcher world and where the books left off (which they did an amazing job). Season 1 covers the first 2 books. The next 7 seasons that will be released in the next \~7-8 years will cover the remaining books. This is the proper reading order: 1. Last Wish (short story collection) (season 1 of show) 2. Sword of Destiny (short story collection) (season 1 of show) 3. Blood of Elves (start of novels) (Season 2 should start here) 4. Time of Contempt 5. Baptism of Fire 6. Tower of Swallows 7. Lady of the Lake 8. Season of storms If you have never really "read of pleasure" I highly recommend giving it a try with the Witcher books. They are amazing and it sounds like you already love the Witcher world. Perfect opportunity to try it.
https://i.imgur.com/dcfBDu5.png (Screen short of what it looks like on my phone with the official reddit app)
There is a option to toggle on/off the recommended path to your active quest marker. When it's on your mini map will have a trail of little white dots that show you the suggested path. (mostly accurate, occasionally will tell you to turn around when it's easier to just run through 30 feet of woods. This only works for active gold quest markers. Aside from that you can set a green way point on the big map. I use that to mark the "?" (undiscovered places of interest) while I'm free roaming.
Nonsense? I feel like your the one that is just ignoring very valid remarks why it wouldn't work. Plus your suggestion has no true ties to being a witcher. She has no magic, little training, and is chaotic nuetral at best. There isn't enough volume involved with her \~3 month time with the rats. Sure you could pillage, plunder, and murder for some side quests, but what's the story? That story is in the books and CDPR would be wrong to try to flip it into an RPG. The worst thing CPDR could do would be to try to recreate an already written, fully published story from the books. IMO, a prequel story from early witcher days, would be best (post conjunction, early beginnings of witchers being created). Or possible sequel story \~100 years after the books and games end would work as well.
You did it correct. It was the last book published, way after Lady of the Lake. As such it should be read last.
Indeed. But what does the games have to do with Netflix adapting source material.
Saving ciri because she’s his surrogate daughter and saving the world via saving ciri are two very different character arcs.
Lol the comedic justice of watching them get crushed by the cross they are trying to raise in the field north of Strawberry gets me every time.
User name is deleted, but comment is still there. Did the mod get shamed so bad he actually deleted his mod account?
So I’ve had my board bag lost/delayed before which sucks ass. Renting hard gear (board boots bindings) isn’t a big deal, but your soft gear (jacket, pants, gloves, etc) can be a bitch. Some places rent and some don’t. Even when they do rent it’s usually shit gear that fits poorly. So.. with that said, this is how I pack: Checked Board bag: hard gear (boots, board, bindings, helmet,), all my non-technical clothing (casual clothes, thermals, socks, etc.) Carry-on overhead bag (duffle or similar): technical clothes (gloves, jacket, pants, googles), maybe 1 pair/set of thermals/socks, 1 change of casual wear. Carry-on personal (back pack): traditional personal items/toiletries, electronics, etc. Having to supplement your technical clothing is the biggest pain in the ass while having your extra casual clothing doesn’t really help your time riding. So that’s how I prioritize what I put in the board bag vs carry on. IIRC most airlines have a checked bag limit if 160cm/63” length and 50lbs. If you just either of those technically it’s considered “oversized” and have to pay an additional fee. My board bag is 165cm and I’ve had them call me out on it before. Also had them not say anything. It’s a dice roll.
How big are you? (Mainly weight) 156 is a pretty beefy board for a shorty.
Oh ya, not the end of the world, it’s all a spectrum. The 156 maaay give you a little better float in deep soft pow, but not much. Personally I prefer to error on the shorter side. I’m 5’10” 215lbs size 10 with a rugby type frame (although I should be around 200 if I was in match shape). Better time on groomers with a 153 since my weight let’s me engage the board easier/quicker turns. I haven’t felt like I have sacrificed any float in powder either. To each their own though. Once you get used to shorties It should ride amazing regardless. 161 element, 159 skate b, and now the 153 orca for this seasons quiver addition.
At the end of Blood and Wine you will get 1 of 4 visitors: * Triss (if successful romance) * Yen (same) * Ciri (if no successful romance and she’s alive) * Dandelion (if no successful romance and ciri died)
Spoilers dude. Can't be tossing around names like that with the Emperor.
OP fucked up. That's a pretty big spoiler for anyone that hasn't read the books or played witcher 3. It's a plot reveal that occurs in the last book... so like \~7+ years from now if you're strictly a show watcher. Witcher 3 uses that plot as basically the back bone of it's main story line. So technically W3 spoils that plot reveal if you have played the game but not read the books.
Yes
Don’t bring ciri to see the Emperor before fighting the wild hunt and don’t choose the “good” dialogue choices that occur after the battle at KM/before the wild hunt battle in Skellige.
lol while i appreciate you consideration about using a spoiler tag.. it's kinda useless. Your spoiler tag hides the fact that it's a spoiler, not what the spoiler actually is (which has been spread all over this post already due to OP lol).
Certain conditions must be met (or not met) to get an ending: * During ***Blood on the Battlefield***: * &gt;!(+1) Tell Ciri "I know what might lift your spirits" to start snowball fight.!&lt; * &gt;!(-1) "Relax, you don't have to be good at everything" !&lt; * During (at the end) ***Blood on the Battlefield*** take Ciri to see Emhyr (or not): * &gt;!If taken to see the Emperor (this will put her on the path to become Empress, pending other conditions). !&lt; * &gt;!(+1) Refuse the payment!&lt; * &gt;!(-1) Accept the payment!&lt; * &gt;!If not taken, then she'll become a witcher if she comes back. !&lt; * During ***Final Preparations***: * &gt;!(+1) Let Ciri see the Lodge of Sorceresses on her own !&lt; * &gt;!(-1) Go with her!&lt; * &gt;!Note: ease dropping at the door doesn't affect anything!&lt; * During ***Child of the Elder Blood***: * &gt;!(+1) Tell Ciri "Go for it" (you both start to trash the lab)!&lt; * &gt;!(-1) Tell her to "Calm down" !&lt; * During ***Child of the Elder Blood***, after the lab: * &gt;!(+1) Go with Ciri to Skjall's Grave (it's the teenage boy who helped her escape the town.. whose town folk called him a coward and forbid him a proper funeral)!&lt; * &gt;!(-1) Don't go!&lt; **Witcher ending:** * &gt;!Make equal or greater amount of positive than negative choices.!&lt; * &gt;!If Ciri was taken to see her father, one must also ensure Nilfgaard loses the war (by either ignoring Reason of State or siding with Dijkstra during it).!&lt; **Empress ending:** * &gt;!3 or more positive points need to be earned here and during Blood on the Battlefield the player must bring Ciri to meet Emhyr. !&lt; * &gt;!Nilfgaard must win the war, meaning the Assassins' Quests need to be completed and the player must be diplomatic with Dijkstra during Blindingly Obvious to unlock Reason of State. Then, during this quest, one must side with the Temerian patriots to ensure Nilfgaard wins the war.!&lt; **Tragic Ending:** * &gt;!For this ending, one must get at least 3 negative points.!&lt;
Ya I replied with a full breakdown of each step, with all the criteria listed.
Poor form.
What? No where does it say if you refuse the money she can't be Empress. Taking her will put her on the path, pending other conditions (i.e. +/- dialogue choices still remaining and Nilfgaard winning the war). &amp;#x200B; &gt; If not taken, then she'll become a witcher if she comes back. That specifically is referring to taking her to the emperor, not taking the money if you do take her. That's why it's a separate bullet point, not a sub-bullet point below visiting the emporer.
The B&amp;W story ending and the visitor at your house at the end of B&amp;W story aren't don't have an affect on each other. They are just related in that the visitor will show up at the end of B&amp;W.. based on your decisions in the main game. Did you ever actually go back to your house and see if anyone was there after you left Regis's campfire?
I don't think you are properly following the bullet point hierarchy. Here is that portion exactly copied pasted, but with the bullet points changed to a numberical-alpha list: *During (at the end) Blood on the Battlefield take Ciri to see Emhyr (or not):* 1. *If taken to see the Emperor (this will put her on the path to become Empress, pending other conditions).* * *(+1) Refuse the payment* * *(-1) Accept the payment* 2. *If not taken, then she'll become a witcher if she comes back* \----- So option 1: take her to the emperor. This initiates the empress path, but doesn't guarantee it. **It definitely states** &gt;*1. "If taken to see the Emperor (this will put her on the path to become Empress, pending other conditions)".* The other conditions are making enough positive dialouge choices and having Nilfgaard win the war. As stated in the bottom "Empress Ending" criteria. Or option 2: do not take her to the emperor. If you don't take her it removes all opportunity for an empress ending: &gt;2. *If not taken, then she'll become a witcher if she comes back* &amp;#x200B; Think about it in reverse order: She comes back or doesn't. That's purely based on your dialouge choices (3 or more negative and she wont come back). If she comes back, what is she going to do? First and foremost, that depends if you brought her to the emperor. 1. If you did, then she has a CHANCE at being empress, but not guaranteed. To be empress you must have met these criteria: If you made enough positive dialogue choices (3 or more) and have Nilfgaard win the war. If you didn't meet both of those criteria, then she will be a witcher. 2. If you didn't bring her, she has NO CHANCE at being empress. So if she comes back, but you didn't bring her to the emperor, she will be a witcher. Refusing the money is just one of many +/- dialogue choices availabe. It doesn't specificly restrict you from a path.
See the thing is.. playing the games would have still given you no context for the 3 timelines of season 1. It would give you barely any context to the main story.. just some context on characters. The games do not provide ANY context to season 1. However they do spoil some plot reveals that happen later in the saga. So be prepared/accepting of that if you are going to play the games. Or better yet, read the books before you play the games. It's either than or wait 7 years for the show to finish if you want to avoid spoilers via games.
None of those adaption deviations change what the books story is though. So yes the show is still a parallel version of the books, with details that are different, but the saga is the same. The games pick up where the book saga leaves off. So by logic of association, the games pick up with the shows will leave off in the future. The only way that isn't true is if the show completely rewrites the ending to the witcher saga. I dont agree with alot of their detials being changed.. but I highly doubt that they will compeletely rewrite the saga ending.
Savvy
So I've been in the commercial construction industry in Houston for the past 12 years, specifically project management for a large subcontractor (\~900 employees on direct payroll) and have actually done many projects for Austin Commercial. They have a very good reputation and this is the first time I've heard of anything like this involving them. I'm actually surpised I didn't hear about it prior. Houston is a really big market, but also realtively close nit amongst all the big commerical GCs and subs. Something is missing from this story. Either the subcontractor that these workers are employees of is very shady or the workers themselves are actually independent contractors who are making a grab for money by making illegitimate claims. Either way, rest assured, UH is not at fault. If your interested in how the business dynamic of the construction industry works then keep on reading: Project Owners (UH) hire a single company to oversee the project as a whole, commonly referred to as a General Contractor or Construction Manager. GC/CMs typically do not self perform any of the scope, meaning they do not have any craftworkers on their payroll. Their only payroll is typically salaried employees like Project Managers (manages the paperwork) and Superintendents (manages the trade contractors and actual completion of the work). This is called the prime contact, the legal document between the Owner and the GC/CM. The GC/CM (Austin Commercial) sends out request for bids to trade/subcontractors. Subs review the project documents (plans and specifications), the submit bid proposals for the appropriate scope of work, from which GC/CM awards contracts to multiple subs to for various trade scopes. This usually 1 sub per major scope: concrete, structural steel, site/civil work, mechanical, electrical, plumbing, framing/drywall, and various finish trades like flooring, paint, etc. These are called the subcontracts, legal documents between the GC/CM and individual subcontractors. As the sub completes their work they submit monthly draws to the general contractor (rarely weekly/biweekly), also known as pay applications, which is basically a bill based on their contract value. If it's a small job it will be a 1 time draw for the full contract value, if it's large job it will be partial draws for the approximate % of work in place as of the end of each month, continuing until the project is complete. A subcontractor is where you will find the first step of actual workers employed to install a product/perform service labor. These workers do not work for the GC/CM nor the Owner. They work for the subcontractor performing their job duties that reflects the contract between the sub and the GC. Larger commercial subcontractors with legitmate business practices typically have a fulltime employee labor force on company payroll. These are actual employees who have taxes and benefits deducted from their paycheck. Employees are protected by overtime laws and such. Smaller, less reputable subcontractors will not use payroll employees, rather they will further subcontract out the labor to another "company". These "companies" can be either labor brokers or individuals who are self-employed, aka "independent contractors". These types of arrangements are typically found in residential construction, but still has a large presence in commercial construction. An independent contractor is sole proprietor business owners. If you own your own business you are responsible for all local, state, and federal taxes as well as adhering to labor laws like overtime pay (if you have employees on your payroll). Labor brokers are typically just a one stop shop for multiple independent contractors, so in essence labor brokers are just one more added step in the subcontract chain. In both scenarios IP's are either hired on a lump sum sub-contract basis similar to a prime-subcontract arrangement ($2000 to install all fencing on the project) or as a piecemeal arrangement ($2.00/linear foot to install fencing). The independent contractor is often thought of as "the guy working out of the back of his truck". By no means do all IPs have illegitimate business practices, but the overwhelming majority of illegitimacy is found amongst the IPs. So either the main drywall/framing subcontractor (hired by Austin Commercial) is not paying their payroll employees properly or the IP's hired by the drywall/subcontractor are trying to make a cash grab by claiming BS and being very public about it.
An Owner (UH) contracts with a General Contractor (Austin Commercial). GC's do not typically self perform work, so they don't have craftworkers on payroll. GC's subcontract with trade specific subcontractors. Subcontract either have payroll employees or further subcontract out to labor brokers or independent subcontractors (solo individual business owners). The fault lies with whatever company is involved when the money changes from a contractual arrangement to a payroll employee arrangement. There is no "passing the buck" by UH (or the GC). They are powerless to intervene legally. At best UH and the GC can flex by blacklisting unethical subcontractors from being allowed to bid on future projects.
Even then chances are the GC also subcontracted out the drywall scope to a Subcontractor. In essence the contractual arrangement between a Sub and GC is similar to a GC and an Owner. Very rarely do large GCs self-perform craft work with employees on their payroll. Typically GC's only have salaried employees like Project Managers, Superintendents, and Admins. The responsibility for following payroll and labor laws falls on the company that is actually employing a worker. Not on companies that hire other companies via contractural agreements.
Yennefer was in the lodge. She was formally accepted while at the meeting she was forced to attend (the other non-elven sorceresses didn't know she was forced). Here's a excerpt from Lady of the Lake when she returns to the Lodge for the first time: &gt;*'\[Sabrina dialogue\]...We'll have to vote again. I suggest by secret ballot.'* &gt; &gt;*'What for?'* &gt; &gt;*They all looked at the person who had spoken. Yennefer.* &gt; &gt;*'I am still a member of this Lodge,' said Yennefer. 'No one has taken my membership away from me. No one has taken my place. I have the formal right to vote. I think it's clear who I'm voting for. The votes in favour prevail, so the matter is settled.'* They go on to aruge about if she really does have the right to vote because she is fled and that she has obligations and debts to pay, and a sentence to hear.. because she's being sentenced as a member of the lodge who refused to cooperate.
Yennefer was in the lodge. She was formally accepted while at the meeting she was forced to attend (the other non-elven sorceresses didn't know she was forced). Here's a excerpt from Lady of the Lake when she returns to the Lodge for the first time: &gt;*'\[Sabrina dialogue\]...We'll have to vote again. I suggest by secret ballot.'* *'What for?'* *They all looked at the person who had spoken. Yennefer.* *'I am still a member of this Lodge,' said Yennefer. 'No one has taken my membership away from me. No one has taken my place. I have the formal right to vote. I think it's clear who I'm voting for. The votes in favour prevail, so the matter is settled.'* They go on to argue about if she really does have the right to vote because she is fled and that she has obligations and debts to pay, and a sentence to hear... ...because she's being sentenced as a member of the lodge who refused to cooperate.
##PAMPARAM PAM PAM PARAM
I gotta back the other guy up here. &gt;!The fact that Emhyr is Duny, Ciri's father, and that he didn't really disappear die at sea!&lt; is a spoiler from the the last book, that spoils the show. OP request for clarification about Nilfgaards intent is non-spoiler question about the story in general (books or show), and based it on (butchered) knowledge from the end of the books. &gt;The relationship between Emhyr and Ciri is only unveiled at the very end of Lady of the Lake (or what feels like ten seconds into W3). &gt; &gt;Talking about the show without talking about the books or games is barely possible, because they (obviously) intricately connected. There is no way around that. Agreed. That's why this post is just all kinds of fucked up. It's tagged as a Netflix post, but contains a spoiler for the books.. even if it's a garbled misunderstood version of the spoiler. Sounds like OP didn't read the books and read some half ass comment in another post/thread that contained the spoiler that probably wasn't properly tagged either. So now they are asking because they are confused due to a spoiler that they didn't reall understand. This compounds further when u/stomasko17 replies with a proper clarification of the spoiler... but doesn't tag the spoiler. So now anyone who has finished season 1 who hasn't read the books comes to this post to discuss and BOOM. One of the biggest plot reveals ruined by the top comment. This is prevented by properly tagging the post type (books, games, netflix) as well as spoilers (for both posts and comments). Be respectful of your peers people. Have some foresight and consideration. That's it, that's all.
Lol making your daily rounds in the thread I see. Well done coach.
Typically, no. Not on an individual basis if you are covered through a group plan from your employer. Everyone in that group will have the same plan options/coverage for the same premiums. The premium could change each year based off lots and lots of things, but 1 person’s cavity fillings (or even 100 employees out of 1000) doesn’t really have a impact significant enough to create a direct correlated increase to the premium. Also worth noting that lots of things like general check ups/blood work, teeth cleanings, and eye exams are preventive in nature. So it benefits insurance companies for people to take advantage of these. If not small health issues that could be mitigated could spiral into larger and more expensive health issues. Cavity fillings are not technically preventive in nature, but they most definitely mitigate larger oral health issues from occurring if left unchecked. So it’s still a net positive to a insurance company’s bottom line in the long run.
Ya but, have you considered that [Artificial amateurs aren't at all amazing. Analytically, I assault, animate things](https://youtu.be/MvPnM2Q1nwU)?
Lol that’s good sign placement. It’s a slow zone. So they book a big orange sign in the middl of it to make you aware you should be going slow enough to avoid the sign. Funny thing the skier was going slow enough. They either just don’t have the ability to make a simple turn or they saw a snu game object and can’t focus for more than 5 seconds. Maybe it was staged. I like to default to stupidity though. Makes me happier not being cynical all the time.
Lol I dunno why but your comment reminded me of [my rolfcopter goes SOI SOI SOI](https://youtu.be/2J6wAiHQ5U0)
The lodge was never “apolitical”. That would mean they didn’t care for politics. Their entire purpose was to be a hidden hand, reaching across all kingdoms, steering politics as they see fit. Pretty much the exact opposite of apolitical. Omni-political would be a fitting term.
Lol yes the car that waited patiently in their proper lane to exit is the one aggressive and putting lives at risk. Definitely not the car that decides to decelerate from highway speeds to a dead stop in a lane that is not purposed for merging. /s It’s unavoidable to a degree. Like if you were not in the proper lane when you needed to be, so you had to merge somewhere in the back 1/3 of the exit lane traffic. But I’m sorry, no. There is no excusable reason for someone to by-pass the entire exit lane traffic and *attempt* to slide in at the last minute.
I dated a girl once that had a similarly mannered dachshund. The little guy was nice and friendly in everyday situations, but as soon as it was couch/movie time he had non of it. Once our relation progressed and I was staying over most nights she had to start crating him because he wouldn’t let me in the bed. It was a pretty bad behavior that she didn’t realize had developed that far. Imagine having to crate a 5 year old dog that hasn’t been in a crate for the last 4 years. My friendly advise: train that behavior out of your dog. Do not encourage it or idly allow it to happen. Your husband will be grateful, even if he never has said anything about it before.
That was the intent. Putting enough spin on the ball to serve around the antenna and back in, with enough precision to hit the water bottle.
Lol I commend your attempt to battle physics, but there’s little hope in steering when your sliding down steps instead of cutting your edge into the snow.
Nice clips. *Watches him huck a double off a pre-built* Wait where the fuq do I find these side hits?
For sure. Weight back foot means your lose the ability to initiate your turns. Evenly distributed weight feel like your leaning down the mountain, which can be a mental block for beginners sometimes. But that’s exactly what you want. Initiate your turns with your shoulders&gt;hips&gt;knees to keep your upper and lower body aligned. Engage the turn with your front foot cutting the edge to the snow and then let the back foot follow that line smoothly. If you have your weight on your back foot all you end up doing is skid turning or washing out your back end like a drifting race car keeps sliding it’s ass out to the left and right. You want to be a sports bike slicing though turns, not a race car drifting around turns.
Do NOT pay $50 for someone to turn a screw driver. Setting your bindings is simply that, turning a screwdriver. Spending on the conditions, I’ve modified my binding setup as many as 3 times in a day. With a frozen ass public use screw driver chained to a table top. That how simple and easy it is. You should definitely learn to do it yourself. A) everyone should know how to care for and maintain their boards/gear. B) knowing how to do this will let you play with different set ups: stance widths, set back for powder days, and stance angle. Honestly that shop just sounds like they are trying to take advantage of you. Makes me doubt how good of a tune-up job they’ll do. You should definitely learn how to wax your board. Edge tuning is a bit more icy just cause some mistakes are not fixable. If your grind too much metal then your toast. Can’t un-grind metal... but it is fairly simple if you are cautious and get the right tools.
Focus on centering your weight over both feet. This will feel like your leaning down the mountain with your leading shoulder. Use your front shoulder&gt;hip&gt;knee to initiate your turn then engage the turn with your front foot setting the edge. Back foot follows smoothly and your lower body stays aligned with your upper body. Often beginners will default their weight to the back foot out of fear of speed and hesitancy to decommit their power braking back foot. Weighted back foot makes it difficult to smoothly switch your edges and link turns. This is the most common cause of catching an edge. Be a shark cutting through the snow. Not a boat sliding around on top of the snow. Once you get the balanced weight and front foot turn initiation down, focus on keeping your shoulders aligned with your board. Avoid counter rotating your upper body with you lower bodying.
5. It’s missing one on each row (4 rows) then the 5th as a top on the newly formed row.
Who are you assuming employs the workers?
I would be astonished if a drywall/framing subcontractor had a cost plus agreement with the GC. It's not unheard of, but usually they are only used for subcontractors on massive fast paced complex projects like hospitals. Even then it usually only occurs with MEP and structural subs. I'm confident that this type of project/scope was awarded to the drywall/framing sub as a traditional lump sum agreement. So there's really no "defrauding" the GC. To backtrack though: you're assuming that the drywall craft workers are actually payroll employees of the drywall/framing subcontractor. They could just as easily be payroll employees of a 2nd tier sub or independent contractors acting as multiple 2nd tier subs. Both of those instances the burden of payroll and FLSA laws fall on employing entity. This is why a lot of the craftwork force operates as independent contracts, so skirt around FLSA and avoid tax reporting. It's much more common in residential construction, but is still found in commercial. 2nd tier subs that operate as IP's are contracted with either lump sum agreements, much like the 1st tier subcontract agreement, or as unit cost agreement (aka piecemealing, common in residential). If, by slim chance, the workers are payroll employees of the 1st tier sub and that sub does have a cost plus agreement with the GC, then yes the GC does have the right to step in because everything is open book and subject to audit by a financial team. BUT that's just not likely in any manner of speaking. Particularly with sub contractors that have a propensity to be involved with shady practices. That type of sub would never pass the GC's prequalification process to enter that type of agreement. I say that with some authority too. I've done work with Austin Commercial and have thorough experience with bidding their projects.
It has nothing to do with riding on two sticks or one. It's about getting more visability for OP. Putting this in front of more people who frequent the mountain means more chances of getting info on who/what/where for his stolen gear.
Yup, these simple locks aren't theft proof, it's more about theft prevention, aka a deterrant. If a theif sees one of these next to a board that doesn't have one.. well guess what.. they ~~are~~ *are not* going to waste their time on the locked board. Edit: typo
Lol yeah, baited. Hate being the one to initially reply to trolls. Typically don’t bother with doing a troll check until they get real trolloololol. Edit: why is there another troll copy/pasta replying to me? This is why we can’t have nice things reddit. Front page fame brings front page shame.
lol wtf? Waterboarding is a form of torture.
Even if that's the case.. all the more reason to help OP find this guy so they can't easily sort out the mistake. Or it's theft. Even more reason to help OP find this guy so he can't recover his stolen item and have teh authorities deal with the theif.
Center your weight between both feet. It will feel like your leaning down the mountain, but that's just a mental block you have to get over. You caught your edge because your weight was on your back foot, which prevented you from turning into you your toe edge. Instead you went full heel edge to toe edge without actually turning. Once you twisted into that perpendicular position you had two options. Lean back more and actually scrub speed by skidding your heel edge or fully commit to the turn by having evenly distributed weight to allow for your front toe edge to engage while bringing your back foot around so that you slice into the turn. If your weight is on your back foot you lose all ability to actually control what the back of your board does.
Forget 3 runes. It’s all about glyphs. Chest one that makes all equipped armor light armor and the sword one for increased whirl.
I started my Ng+ with 100k. Ima buy it all.
And the you start NG+ and your money carries over. I started mine with 100k in my pocket.
Ah ya. Thanks for clarifying my typo.
Lol quality rant. Particularly pointing the finger at the entire collective mountain of Jackson Hole (not that I have feelings about it one way or the other... just appreciating the rant). In my experience rockers are easier to initiate the turn. They are looser and you have more effective edge in contact off the get go. Definitely more forgiving. However since they are looser they at less stable at higher speeds. Once you go fast enough your weight flexes the board enough to actually reduce the amount of effective edge in contact. Camber is the opposite. It’s preloaded to allow you to really put lots of force into your turns like high speed carving. Your speed/weight de-cambers the board and now you have a rocker shape while weighted turns. This also gives some extra pop out of your turn. High stability, but less forging. Harder to initiate the turn since it’s stiffer off the start. Over-generalization: Slice with rocker, carve with camber.
This particular event is called the knuckle huck. The knuckle is the top of the hill that begins the landing zone on big jumps. “Huck” is a term used when you fully commit to getting air off anything really. “Huck it”. Knuckle Huck is a new contest that is in it’s 2nd year for the x games. So ya, it’s basically just a style competition where creativity and gracefulness get you to the podium.
For sure. He does a great job with Ciri's dialogue as well. I really hope Freya can channel that stubborn, uncouth, confident facade that Ciri developes during her time at K.M. Less helplss princess, more hell child raised by Witchers.
Indeed. These letters are also written after Triss (arguably Yen's only true friend out of all the sorceresses) and Geralt had a fling after one of their particularly abprut going their own ways. So ya, getting a "Dear friend" letter after 3 years of no communication... after him having had some rebound action with friend. All things considered, she handled it pretty tactfully with just the right amount of sass.
PLUS he writes to Triss first for help lol. So ya he was doing all kinds of mental gymnastics when he realized he needed more help and had to write to Yen.
On. Fucking. Point. As always Silverlocks.
Reserve all your character judgement until you get into the main saga stories. The first two books are great reads, quality collection of short stories. The real character development doesn't start until the novels. (same with plot development.. which is why Netflix had to do some wonky timeline jumping in order to bring the essence of the plot forward quicker than the books)
So here’s the thing. You’re trying to paint a picture in your mind by observing shadows cast on a wall. Meaning you are only given fragments of their relationship in the short stories. Those fragments are very shallow in detail and provide very little depth to their connection. Like I said, reserve final judgement until you read through all the novels. I love that you (or anyone) are opening up the books and enjoying them. Jut remember character development is an insanely important aspect of fiction. The Geralt and Yen that you know are metaphorically little toddlers. They have me lots of development ahead of them. Comparing early Y&amp;G to Y&amp;G at the end of the last book gives me goosebumps for lots of reasons. Mainly because their character arcs are so well written across the entire span of the novels. Both as lovers and as individuals doing their own thing.
Honestly I probably had a ~90% win rate on my first play through (normal Gwent difficulty) and always bet max wager. Once I figured out how the Northern Realms deck should be played and knew how to defend against each specific deck it was cake walk. It gets way easier as you get more cards. I would stomp the random NPC’s in the last rounds 150-30 more times than not. Spy cards, decoys, and medics. All day. You just wait until you have to play the high stakes tourny which is 1000 entry fee and you have to play 4 people without losing and you only get one chance. (Tip: manual save after every win so you have a check point). These NPCs are way harder than your everyday merchant.
The narrator mispronounces it in the first couple books. In the later books he pronounces it like the flower (Dan Di Lion, not Dan Dill Eon).
pay to win? how is that (or the lack there of) even relavant to this post? The books are ideal, not as a "introduction to the witcher" but rather as the actual original story and source material. Season 1 of the show adapted teh first two books which are collections of short stories. Season 2 will start with the 3rd book, which is the first novel of the witcher saga. In order to make the saga story arc relavant in Season 1 they did some creative adapting with the timelines. By no means perfect execution, but still did a good job all things considered. FYI, there are 3 timelines. Geralt, Yennefer, and Ciri. Ciri is present day. Geralt and Yennefer are in the past and seperat form each other to begin with. Their timelines merge and then that timeline merges with Ciri's present day time line. They definitely do not signpost it for you, but if you pay attention there are lots of details that give it away. Things like someone in Yen's timeline describing a charcter as a younger girl, who is a grandmother in Ciri's timeline. Or someone in Geralts timeline talking about a current event that is a major past event of a character in Ciri's timline. I highly recommend you watch it with subtitles on just to visually absorb the names of people and places mentioned in passing. As for the games. They are amazing. But they are bascially (well written) fanfic that occur 10 years after the final book ends. (i.e. \~7 seasons from now in the show). It takes the witcher world where it leaves off and spins it's own continuation that stays pretty faithful to the lore/cannon, but definitely rewrites a few things to suit it's needs. The games (particularly Witcher 3) has a big spoilers for the books (and by default, shows). Meaning some of the quest lines present you with information as though it's common knowledge, when in fact it is a pretty significant plot reveal in the books. So consider yourself warned. And so... the shows are adaptions of the books. They have nothing to do with the games, other than a well placed little easter egg as a nod of appreciation. If you want more lore, read the source material. If you want to understand the show, watch it twice. The 2nd time around you will pick up on so many little details you didn't see before. Either way i recommend reading the books (ideally in publication order), so jump into the first two: 1. Last Wish (short story collection) 2. Sword of Destiny (short story collection) 3. Blood of Elves (1st saga novel) 4. Time of Contempt 5. Baptism of Fire 6. Tower of Swallows 7. Lady of the Lake 8. Baptism of Fires (prequel/midquel that was written last, takes place before Sword of Destiny as a stand alone novel length "short"/side story; contains some spoilers that occur at the end of Lady of the Lake.. READ LAST).
Have more cards than your opponent. It's as simple as that.. seriously. Northern Realms (or Nifgaard) * small deck (22 unit cards max.. aka the minimum required) * Strategy involves spies, decoys, and medics. * Once you get a couple spies you want to make it as easy as possible to draw them at the start. So that means making your deck as small and powerful as possible. (opposit is true with Monsters and Squirels via summon cards). * Most of your spies are close combat, so that's where they go on the board for the other player. Offset this with biting frost, don't worry about other weather cards. Don't worry about clear weather. * Concentrate your unit cards on your siege weapons and close combat. Plan around when you will play your close combat vs using your biting frost. * Later in the game your opponents will always have decoys. So they will bounce your spy back to you. Use your decoy to bounce it back to them. (remember, the key to winning is having more cards than your opponent). * Once you get enough cards and hero's in your deck should roughly be 22 unit cards + 6 or 7 special cards. No unit card will be lower than 6 strength, with the exception of your 3xblue strips (4 strength), but they have the "in arms" ability that lets them double. * Off set your card values. If you have 3 cards at 6 strength and 3 at 8 strength, make sure you have one 8 out there protecting the three 6s. That way if you get scorched you only lose one 8 instead of three 6 (8 vs 18). Similarly, so lead other there with all your 8s when you have some lower cards you can bait them with. * If you have a scorch card make sure you play it before cock blocking yourself. Don't play an 8 if the opponent has 3 6's as the highest card on the board. If you play an 8 you lose your ability to scorch them since you'll just burn your own card.
Dude those are minor scratches. That board is in great condition still. It’s not a rock board until you edges are bent to shit and/or you have a core blowout. What you see there are just p-Tex scratches. I wouldn’t even bother doing a p-Tex repair in those mid season. You’ll have many more by the end of it. P-Tex is like scraping your knee. Tis but a scratch. You don’t have to seriously worry about repairing before you ride until you get a core shot. That’s like getting a nail stabbed through your foot. That you need to actually put attention to. First boards tend to always turn into rock boards. But you have many miles left in that one before it’s a rock board.
You’re hitting with a low elbow and your hand a bit too far outside your frame to the side. This causes your power to come strictly from your shoulder rotation and chest contraction. You don’t have the whip. Focus on bringing that elbow straight up as high as you can by drawing your right hand behind your head like you were grabbing the bill of a backwards hat. Swinging motion starts with the hips/torso, start torquing to close the angle on the ball. Best way to imitate this is by breaking your off hand and start driving your elbow down to your side. Avoid over crunching too early so you keep the ball in position. Next it travels to your shoulder to elbow; start to swing that elbow from up high in a forward direction. Don’t drop the elbow, just start to move it forward. Follow by your elbow to hand; accelerate the swing and strike through the ball, completing the swing with your fingers being the tip of the whip. “Breaking” or “popping” your wrist isn’t really a critical mechanic. It does not truly help you hit down as people like to say, but it does help you visual and execute “the whip”. So you want a strong but loose wrist that is free to transfer the power while also directing the ball. (Your not hitting it with a big racket for a hand). Throughout this entire mechanic each subsequent torque/contraction/movement is continuing so that when you chain them all together each body part is adding to the velocity of the next body part. Hitting power is a derivative of arm swing velocity. More importantly hitting harder means you have to have faster arm swing acceleration. You have to get to that high velocity as fast as possible. This is why a relatively weaker strength hitter with proper form (the full body whip) will hit harder than a hitter with more strength but improper form. But please do not neglect the strength and well being of your body as an athlete should. More body strength (body... not just arm) along side form is the name of the game.
For the uninitiated: [SHE Chapter 1](https://youtu.be/-p_Nu4AHM6Q) and [SHE Chapter 2](https://youtu.be/o4PkJab6Mj8).
Well said. I was there for a week a couple years ago and had great snow. \~30" in 3 days. 2nd night of the dump was so good that they didn't open up the lifts until noon because they were detonating avy bombs on in-bound, non-bowl runs. On point about how steep that mountain is.
[https://www.moosejaw.com/product/gordini-women-s-veil-glove\_10354533](https://www.moosejaw.com/product/gordini-women-s-veil-glove_10354533) Size M, Black - $53.99 Edit: ah shit, just noticed you said mitts. My bad.
I used to think that’s how it worked, but it’s not. It doesn’t work that way.
Without being too pedantic, just want to clear up the meaning/use of the word \*canon\*. Canon is anything that actually happened in the original story, and not an adaptation. There is no such thing as game canon, Netflix canon, fanfic canon, or any other canon. Canon can only apply to 1 source, the original. Anything Netflix or the games do that isn't 100% per the books is an adaption or spin-off, not a different version of canon. Edit: non-canon material can also be canonized after the fact by the original creator by formal recognition.. but we all know A.S. isn't going out of his way to share his already underwhlemed spotlight.
&gt;Every medium is its own canon, the chief one from which all others pull being the books. A lot of people are misusing the word canon. There can only be 1 canon, the source.. the original. Canon is the thing that other things (adaptions or spin-offs) are based off of. Since neither the games nor Netflix are original sources, neither can be called canon. This is in no way a statement being made about which is better. It's just a clarification of the grammatic use of the word canon. Edit: non-canon material can also be canonized after the fact by the original creator by formal recognition.. but we all know A.S. isn't going out of his way to share his already underwhlemed spotlight.
That's a very misleading statement. The person that claims the law of surprise doesn't get "store credit" to hold on to. It's not like they get to show up at a later time and pick what they want. What they get is specific in that it is a thing nature is unknown to one or both parties. So neither person picks what it is, with the exception of the person claiming it at the time they make the claim. I know you have a new puppy at home that your gf/bf is going to surprise you with I can claim law of surprise with that puppy specifically targeted. If I have no idea what you have going on in your life and still claim law of surprise, I'm just as clueless as you are about what my reward will be. I don't get to just show in a day/week/year and say "surprise! give me that new car you just bought with the money you've been saving". "What you find at home yet don't expect" is the common phrasing. That car wasn't a surprise to you, you expected it. You planed/saved for it.
A lot of people are misusing the word canon. There can only be 1 canon, the source.. the original. Canon is the thing that other things (adaptions or spin-offs) are based off of. Since neither the games nor Netflix are original sources, neither can be called canon. This is in no way a statement being made about which is better. It's just a clarification of the grammatic use of the word canon. The only exception to this is when non-canon material is canonized after the fact by the original creator by formal recognition. CPDR purchased rights to use Sapkowski's IP. They chose to adapt a story timeline in the future of the IP, but it's just that.. an adaption. It may be a new "original" story since it takes place after the books, but it's not an original creation nor has Sapkowski's canonized the events in the game. Canon = original, official source material = ownership of intellectual property. Canon =/= purchased rights to adapt source material
Get ready for your mind to be blown. Cheese stuffed ravioli. Grab a couple bags and dump them in with the boil. Standard stuff you buy from the frozen section at the store. Pasta shells soak up all that spicy goodness.
You should try cheese stuff ravioli. Perfect finger food to dump into a boil. Pasta shells soak it up good.
Side winders are up there too.
Link for original video. Commentary by safari guide makes it better. https://youtu.be/jd8-ac461CY
You’re thinking of The Alamo.
“Ace” is a description of a player’s ability, not a position. Which is used in many different sports/activities. It is in reference to the playing card Ace, typically considered of the highest value in most card games. An ace player is considered the best on the team or best at what they do. Ace is also a term for scoring points off serves, which is an “official” technical stat term for the highest quality of serves.
It’s like people already forgotten about the estimated 50% of corona misinformation tweets being being bots. This isn’t even new. A couple years ago read a NYT article about social media manipulation that said research has shown that approximately 20-25% of ALL twitter accounts were bots of some form.
It has, but that doesn’t mean it is a non-issue. For the record I prefer *ANY* video being submitted as it’s own post for ease of viewing. It would reduce the visibility/views, and thus discussion, of the video if it were restricted to a link in comment tucked away in a mega thread. With that said, everyone still has a valid opinion about the flooding of our front page with repetitive tip/critique requests. This simplest solution would be adding a post tag function which would let anyone filter their view of our front page as they desire. It changes nothing for the posters or advocates of single post videos and addresses the concerns of the other side of the argument. The only thing that needs to happen is on the mods to change some code for the page and boom. No more issues.
Reminds me of this https://youtu.be/Sw5TfUi5rtQ
An app to do what? To look at the information/data that is already available for you to look at?
Genuinely curious: how does the health department need for an app come into play? Would that not be some beach of confidentiality if they were to submit positive cases that are associated with my “anonymous” unique identifier?
I was naively ignorant of this for so long. I had assumed that there was some type of centralized database of law enforcement employees that all states could access to review transfers and such. I wasn’t naive in thinking such a thing was actually used by corrupt or willful-neglect departments.. But when I learned that there isn’t really a clear system of documentation that accessible across all states.. well wtf. I was speechless.
Yellow?
I agree. Improve the quality of life for all viewers without limiting posters. I’ve yet to get anything but silence every time I’ve mentioned it to a mod.
This makes me nostalgic for The Sandlot, minus the go-cart.
+ Canadian Geese
Air tight seal to the torso. Pump pulls air out of the air chamber made to the torso, causing a vacuum. The child’s torso is pulled with the vacuum, causing the lungs to expand which makes it easier for the child’s lungs to draw in breath. Vacuum is released and the pressure is reversed causing torso to contract, helping the child’s lungs exhale. I’m not 100% sure on the reverse pressure part, it may just allow for a return to balanced pressure which would allow the lungs to exhale without help from the machine.
Ah. Gracias mi amigo. That makes more sense.
Why did you use 3 sets of quotation marks?
I had my suspicions, but I was really curious what response, if any, they would come back with. Edit: also I feel like his comment was /sarcasm, but the triple quotation really through me for a loop of that was sarcastic as well.
I’m pretty sure you hit the nail on the head with this racist edge-lord. I checked a few of his other comments and he’s definitely dropped some comments that follow the explanation you gave.
I was due for a re-up on my personal 6 balls I keep for training and decided to splurge on the new OPTX. It definitely does play the same as the previous ball, but the texture feels a bit different. New OPTX feels a little slicker compared to a new past model. Seems like fresh balls take a bit longer to get that rough-smooth feel. The ball is exactly the same otherwise, particularly after it’s been well used. I will say I honestly do prefer the color/contrast of the OPTX. Not for “visual spin detection” or whatever, but just for being able to track the ball in all types of lighting. Much better for TV spectating too, which I think was the ultimate reason for the change. Help promote spectator accessibility.
Hol’ up a minute. Lemme do some thumb mobility exercises and check it out.
My thoughts echo u/MiltownKBs. Particularly with the offensive scheme/strategy. I feel like you could be making contact with the ball much higher than you do on the first hit. You’re definitely jumping with your ankles/calves and not loading with knees/hams/quads/glutes. Aside from that you have a short arm draw which is causing you to do a quick/stunted swing with a low elbow. This means your generating most your power from your chest and shoulder joint. This personally led to some chronic shoulder issues that I’ve finally worked past after 18 months of rehab and technique re-training. Make sure you engage your whole core with your arm draw by rotating your torso as you load and explode. Your off hand height and position will dictate how well you can draw your hitting hand back. Draw a line from your left hip bone to the tip of your right hand fingers. That line is the whip you are trying to crack at your apex with the ball. Drop/pull down your off elbow to initiate your torso rotation. Hitting hand stays static while your hitting elbow rotates with your torso. Your hitting hand then follows that rotation and that’s when you commit your arm power to the swing. Complete the swing with your right hand following through down to your belly. Using your rear delts to break your post-swing momentum will be a shoulder nightmare down the road. As a fellow right-handed right side player your number one enemy for nailing down this mechanic is your approach. Your second hit in the video you take a pretty wide approach. This makes it very difficult to have a fluid right-left final step while opening your torso to create torque power. Try to get in the habit of step left right after you pass, almost in line with your setter. It’s much easier to drift right to adjust than it is getting caught with a set too far inside as a right handed player in the right. This will be particularly important if you start tuning your attacks from center net instead of at the pins.
I wish electricians would get one of these and at least pretend to make an effort to cut clean lines. Their hammer-hammer just doesn’t cut it.
The board in the post looks like it is paper-faced on both sides. That would make it significantly less crumbly without actually changing anything about the gypsum core. I’ve never seen board with double paper-face before.
Hold up, are mortar and pestles used in modern day pharmacy? I figured 99% of drugs were either pre-packaged or pre-capsulated so that the only true “manual labor” involved was measuring out liquid meds or weighing/counting pills from bulk to individual Rx containers.
Traditionally 2 per year: Fall and Spring. Summer “break” is long enough to get in a full semester of course load, but it’s can be brutal sometimes. 10 years ago my B.S. in Construction Science (School of Architecture) required a full time internship that had to occur during the Fall or Spring semester since it required 15 weeks 600 work hours, which made it impossible to do during the summer. This gave us 7 course-credit hours Summer internships courses were offered for 3 course-credit hours which required 10 weeks, 400 work hours. However this didn’t meet the College of Architecture’s semester away requirement. (Study abroad was also an option for this requirement). With that said I definitely fit in a full semester course load into one of my summers. So I consider Summer a proper, but non-traditional semester. Winter though, no way. In the US Winter break is too short for a full semester. Some courses are offered as “mini-mesters”. They cram 15 weeks of study into 2 weeks, but there’s no way your taking more than 1 or 2 of those at once. So at best half the course load as a proper semester.
And every other “volley” style sport is typically 1 on 1 like tennis or ping pong. So the non-ball movement is much more intuitive. Beach doubles would probably give the best “feel” for the player with the controller in their hand since they could focus the off ball movement to a single player with auto/AI assigned to the 2nd player. But as much as I love beach Vball, I don’t think it would make for a captivating game you would want to play over and over.
Look up risk playgrounds for children, pretty interesting stuff.
Horizon Zero Dawn says otherwise. Now if you’re stating a female character as the only option doesn’t mesh well with the AC universe for some other reason then I’d be curious to hear what it is.
Fun fact: “low on the totem pole” is a misconceived notion of the totems significance. Most cultures actually place the bottom as the highest importance. Those that don’t, typically don’t have any importance with regard to the order. The irony is palpable.
Windshield “repair” is vacuum gluing cracks and chips to prevent the glass crack from spreading; not replacing a windshield. I would be surprised if this tire only made a minor crack if it hit the window. Too many cracks and vision is impaired and you need a whole new windshield. That’s not free.
Rented for a whole season while working at the resort? How expensive was that? Or did you get a massive employee discount?
? This is quite the opposite of tippytaps. The only commonality is: feet.
People flip images that they jack from OC sources so that reverse image search aren’t as easily successful.
Let’s say I piss on your leg. Neither of us are wearing pants, so your leg gets really wet. Let’s say you wear pants; your leg still gets wet, but not nearly as much. Let’s say I’m wearing pants; your probably doesn’t get wet at all, unless I’m standing on top of you.
[Wear Your Mask: The Urine Test](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/gaj2a3/wear_your_mask_the_urine_test/)
I’d bet good money that isn’t OP in the pic.
Mobility has zero impact to sprint speed. Mobility affects all non-ability movements, except sprint speed.
Not hunting specifically, but any activity that speaks to their natural drive to search and retrieve, which humans dub as “hunting dogs” or “gun dogs”. They love the water, just as much as labs, and they excel at pretty much any canine sports (agility, coursing, dock diving, fly ball, etc.). So really your options are endless. Huge shedders though. Year round if you’re in a warmer climate, more more seasonal if you actually have 4 seasons where you live lol.
Venomous attack can be thought of as you putting poison on your blade (how long the poison lasts on your blade and how fast your blade can poison an enemy) and the quality of the poison you use (long the poison-intoxication effect lasts and how much damage over time it does while it's active). I'm portant to note that you're weapon is still doing it's weapon damage, but additionally applying the poison with each hit. The poison damage over time only occurs after the meter is full and intoxication is in active. &amp;nbsp; The legendary poison engraving converts all damage from that weapon from warrior (melee) damage into poison damage, as well as cause poison damage over time once intoxication is activated. So your engraving is performing the perk's purpose, wihch means you're free to replace the perk. It is still beneficial to invest into the passive poison ability perk above the active ability poison perk. This doesn't require you to use adrenaline to activate, but still applies to all poison damage you do.
Hitting power comes from the velocity of your swing, not the strength of your swing. Velocity comes from technique (approach, jump, torque, and swing) as well as body strength. The body strength portion is mainly your core with your arm/shoulder strength being important to keep a balanced healthy body. The technique portion is the most important. High velocity hitting is achieved by treating your body like a whip that runs up and across your body. The handle is down on your left hip with the tip finishing at your right hand (has a right handed hitter). That entire bio-mechanical movement is how you generate torsional power, which then translates into arm swing velocity when done properly. Hitting a heavier ball is doing NOTHING for you. If anything it's bad for your joint health if you are using poor technique.
I've run through the FIVB beach drill book a few times. It's nice to see play on in video instead of just hypothetically in your head before trying. Solid idea by this channel to make videos for all of them.
Technique improvement is often one of the most discussed things on this sub, but an important part of practice is drilling with match-replicated scenarios. These are some great drills that are designed with a specific purpose of siding-out while keeping a high touch repetition frequency. &amp;nbsp; [Transition Wash Drill @ 1m55s](https://youtu.be/auPglIfKhcA?t=115) [The Runs @ 12m22s](https://youtu.be/auPglIfKhcA?t=775)
I killed him in the wild, but he was still listed the current merc to fight at the arena. Went there and killed him then it gave me credit on the merc tier list.
*reposted* for 2 hours.
“We count every vote, but that does not mean every vote counts.” -Chris Slowe, Reddit Chief Tech Officer Source: [Disinformation on Reddit &amp; How We Beat It Together - Smarter Everyday](https://youtu.be/soYkEqDp760) (time stamp 3m03s)
That’s media in general. Social, editorial, entertainment, etc.... all of it. If you want unbiased then you have to look for it with lateral reading to find corroborated info by reputable journalism and/or scientific sources. You cannot rely on vertical reading (I.e. scrolling down a page) in the modern day world of social media and entertainment-editorial “news” outlets.
“Nah, your experiences are wrong. However, my experiences are right.”
OP’s shower thought was their epiphany based on their experience. The above comment doesn’t say “here’s my take on the shower thought based on my experience”. It says “no your shower thought isn’t accurate because XYZ”. Words have power. The words someone uses to phrase their opinion can drastically change what their comment is actually saying instead of what they thought they said.
&gt;They are phrased similarly, and just so happen to disagree with each other. That’s where the logic falls apart though. OP isn’t disagreeing with anyone. The comment is. “Your experience isn’t accurate, but mine is” is a lot different than “here’s my experience regarding the topic”. It drastically changes the tone of the conversation if OP hypothetically replied to discuss.
Authentic - unexpected event, not anticipated by anyone Staged - candid event planned by one party, involving unaware parties Scripted - rehearsed event, all parties aware and coordinating Commercials of this sort are neither authentic nor staged. They are scripted, aka rehearsed and often performed multiple times to get the best cut.
The burden of compliance isn’t on the residents, it’s on the businesses. The city/county order will be set up so that businesses will be mandated to operate under a mask policy, if they don’t then they are liable for fines and repercussions. The personal freedoms of residents won’t be challenged because they have the freedom to not shop there if they don’t want to wear a mask. I agree we need cultural and political figures to voice the need for masks non-stop, but this is at least progress. The real question is how well will the city/county monitor, manage, and mitigate businesses who choose to not comply. If there is no bite behind the bark then this is all for nothing.
Bingo, bango.
Tuesday’s total case count less Monday’s total case count = Tuesday’s reported new case count. Cases with outcomes (recoverer vs death) have nothing to do with the running total case count.
So reply to this with a link to your video.
Assault is the imminent threat of physical harm and battery is the actual cause of physical harm, and that the threat vs actual distinction is clearly accepted across all states. What about this case would make battery a more likely conviction than assault? There was no physical harm, just the threat. Also Brandishing a Firearm is an Assault with a Firearm charge in Virginia: [§ 18.2-282. Pointing, holding, or brandishing firearm, air or gas operated weapon or object similar in appearance; penalty.](https://law.lis.virginia.gov/vacode/title18.2/chapter1/section18.2-282/)
You think their heads have even entertained the concept of what a light year really means. These people intellectually bury their head in the sand. They go out of their way to not learn so they can be confident in their belief.
The equivalent would be someone developing something in Acres Homes but saying they are developing in Oakforest Acres or some silly non-sense. They are trying to ride the coattails of “prestige” of a neighboring area even though they are not associated with that area.
I’m not gunna lie. This one confuses me. The scaling moves with you, you will either be under leveled for the area or always at level. It’s impossible to be over leveled. Unless you mean your abilities and gear you unlocked made it too easy. Then I dunno.
They are far from good.
The song personifies the self-doubting , deep rooted love between Geralt and Yennefer. It does an amazing job of diving into the book cannon relationship, which hadn’t been a featured plot line in W1 or W2 really. Plus it’s just a really well written song, sung by an amazing voice.
It wouldn’t have been an appropriate song in the season 1 timeline. S1 was hoping around in the past, establishing the beginning of their relationship and the chaotic edge that it stays balanced. Only would be a great fit in season 2 or beyond once the show timeline moves past the SS collection events and moves into the “present day” timeline of the novels.
His executive order in late April/May declared that local governments couldn’t mandate mask use (and penalize) for individuals. The language says nothing about local governments mandating businesses enforcing mask use for employees and patrons. He recently said “he’s glad someone finally figured out the riddle” like it was his plan to make that loop hole. Even if that’s the case and the loop hole was intentional, it’s chickenshit leadership to expect subordinate government to make policy based on what he’s not saying, instead of what he is. Houston will be issuing a mask mandate for businesses starting Monday. $1000 fine per incident if they don’t comply. Let’s hope this push in the right direction actually gains traction.
Which state?
Are the limits their traditional division capacity or have they capped it with special consideration regarding COVID?
Oh man that sucks, but I get it. Shitty but necessary. This tourney is on my bucket list. Particularly because of the entire atmosphere with regard to camping.
The arm of your bridge hand should be extended and nearly straight. This lets you get low to visually line up your shot and also have longer smoother strokes. The hand itself may be straight or diagonal, depending on what type of bridge your using.
Cue ball control (making the cue ball go where you want after you pocket a ball) is the most important skill to have in billiards.
I agree. Kinda misstated what I mean by straight. Bridge arm with your forearm straight/level, elbow kink vertical up to your shoulder. So the arm isn’t completely extended straight, but the elbow isn’t linked off to the side either.
https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid19/excess_deaths.htm CDC Excess Deaths data (dashboard or excel file dump). The numbers you saw where probably an effort by someone to sort through this.
https://www.tmc.edu/coronavirus-updates/ Texas Medical Center has a great page updating all relevant info for the greater Houston area comprising of 9 counties. Cases, testing, % positive rates, hospitalizations, ICU capacity, deaths, PPE supply thresholds, etc. Houston is not in good shape. Contributing to half of the daily cases of Texas as a whole recently.
I believe if you DL the excel file you can run some formulas to pull the info your looking for, from corresponding data. Not sure if the statement in question is accurate or not, but I believe that’s how you would see the numbers to verify.
What kind of league is this and how “professional” are these refs?
Honestly I wanted to say so as well, but all things considered it’s 99% better than any other beach setting I’ve seen by people gaining confidence in their beach hands. Also he’s a looong looking dude. I feel like it’s a bit of a perception thing. Reminds me of Dalhausser.
If homeboy wants to to get cheeky on 2, then he better get his mind right and pull into his block responsibility quicker. Great tempo though!
I 100% guarantee that the pro ref was calling a double contact fault, because they observed doubled contact. Sure there's could have been spin on it; but just because you as a spectator (with a worse view point than the ref) saw the ball spin and then watched the ref call a double contact fault, that doesn't mean the ref called double contact because the ball had spin.
That logic works for seatbelts, but non-seatbelts are not infectious. COVID is. Their stupidity is impacting others. That’s the root of the issue.
Nope, you are understanding the latest guidance so far. Not say it’s not possible for surface contagions to infect you, but rather much less effective than inhalation.
https://www.tmc.edu/coronavirus-updates/ Texas Medical center pulls data from 9 surrounding counties that make up the Greater Houston area, which is a much better statistical representation of a vast urban ecosystem, opposed to a whole state or a single county. The Greater Houston area is most definitely not trending down.
https://www.tmc.edu/coronavirus-updates/tmc-covid-19-icu-occupancy-trend/ I wouldn’t call the 7-day average of 6.3% daily growth in COVID ICU beds a slow and steady trend. It was slow and managed prior to the past 2 weeks.. but that was the fruits of our labor prior to “reopening”. We stopped the those measures, so now we are seeing the consequences.
Where did I proselytize “it’s not exactly”, “it’s worse than”, or “but what about”? All I said is the COVID related ICU trend for two weeks are not slow and steady. Prior to 2 weeks ago, sure; but not the past 2 weeks and certainly not in the near future as ICU trends follow suit in regard to new case trends (total cases and positive result %). All I did was link the TMC info graphic data (well vetted, well respected as you seem to agree) and point out the inaccuracy if the “slow and steady” statement. How is that toxic or anti-science in any way? You accuse me of hyperbolic overreaction, yet that is exactly what you used to frame your reply to me.
I agree with your sentiment, but you’re not helping your frustration inserting *perceived* doom and gloom rhetoric into any and all replies you get. I made a simple comment that you may not agree with, but that doesn’t mean I was “persistently arguing for doom because I belong to a deranged cult with ulterior motives that have nothing to do with saving lives.” As far as the current trends, our ICU capacity (now, surge, and unsustainable), and the TMC message VS my “toxic, anti-science proselytizing”: I didn’t say we’re doomed. I didn’t say we’re in the danger zone. I didn’t say anything toxic nor polarized. You polarized what I said, it’s that simple. I agree that TMC and ICU capacity is at normal range, and that there is surge response actions that have been planned to prevent detrimental effects. The greater Houston area, as a vast urban community ecosystem, is more than capable of keeping the pot from boiling over. The question is: are we, collectively, willing and able? Since you think you know my personal view on the entire issue as it relates to the pandemic, I’ll do you a favor and lay it out so you can stop putting words in my mouth. I don’t have confidence for collective individuals to do what is needed and what is best for the entire community, without strong guidance and clear communication, top-down. My doom starts and ends right there. We can easily get the upper hand on this, in terms of health and economically, if people would just take it serious and stop dismissing the importance of simple things like face coverings. Economic politics politicized something that should never have been bi-partisan. As couch we have individuals carving that partisan line in the sand even deeper. It’s sad, but it’s happening. I just want us to get on the other side of this as best and as fast as we can. But we’re too collectively fractured for it to be that easy.
"Boys need to battle to bond; girls need to bond to battle." Can't remember where I first heard that piece of wisdom, but I've never seen it proved wrong. Simply put adolescent/teenager boys tend to bond over the act of competing together as a team. Whereas girls tend to need to find their bond off the court/field before they can truly come together to compete as a team. Just keep that in mind as you try to put your squad together. Help them find that bond off the court, as a whole, so you can optimize the time together on the court.
If you are using old reddit (without fancy pants editor) or some mobile apps you have to type the format markdown: [link description](https://google.com) looks like \[link description](https://google.com)
Just add a bit more insight: that is for all hospitals combined that collectively make up TMC. https://www.tmc.edu/coronavirus-updates/tmc-icu-bed-capacity-modeling/
Stiffer boots would have more of an effect for foot-to-board communication than bindings. If your boots have too much flex then stiffer bindings won’t do much. With that said it’s really just preference. Unless your laying down super deep carves at a really high speed I doubt you will get the bang for your buck your thinking about.
It pays to wake up before dawn and be first chair after a fresh dump. It’s also very much a luck of the draw if you don’t live near a local resort and have to plan your trip weeks, if not months in advance.
This shit is bananas.
3 meters is over the net, your trying to measure his head. 36” is below the net, that’s measuring his feet. A “vertical” is a term is a commonly used term for how high you can jump off the ground, not how high you can reach in the air. It allows for better comparisons with regard to pure athletic ability between two athletes that have different heights or arm lengths. If we have the same max reach height, but I’m 6” shorter than you that means I have a higher vertical than you since my feet are higher than yours to touch the same max reach. (Unless you have t-Rex arms or something lol). Since feet are very dynamic they are a difficult visual aid to use for measuring your jump vertical. So the proper way is to stand still, both feet on the ground flat, reach up with one hand and measure the highest point. That’s your standing reach. Now measure you highest point when you do a full approach and jump, that your max reach. Max reach - standing reach = vertical (aka how high your feet can get off the floor)
Vertical is a sport neutral stat. What you’re thinking of would actually be two different stats in Vball: spike reach and block reach. Those would be the highest points you can touch while doing those two different jump mechanics. They are worth differentiating since a block reach will rarely be the same as a spike reach.
Ahhhh. Sí, sí, sí. Completely forgot about that fact.
Ditto in Houston. Gulf coast humidity + “summer” heat April through October = indoors with the AC on blast. Edit: because it’s a constant doesn’t mean it’s a non-factor. It means it is a never ending factor.
Digital loyalty cards are purposed to track/log your information. It helps build a consumer profile that the company uses to improve their sales via targeted advertising and promotions. Paper cards and the such give no value to the company.
Valid points, but an exclusive Starbucks location behind security clearance check point doesn’t have any competition, so they don’t need to do anything special to get them in the door so to speak.
Start or pick up. depends on the River/rental company. Either way your on the bus to get back to where you parked your car.
I think “identity” would be a better word choice than “personality” in your comment.
This particular cruise: “Demographics and clinical characteristics of the study population are summarized in Table 1. The study population comprised 104 cases (54 men, mean age, 60 years ± 17, range: 31-87; 50 women, 63 years ± 15, range: 25-93). Of these cases, 76 (73%) were asymptomatic and 28 (27%) cases were symptomatic. The most frequent symptoms on admission were cough (20 [19%] cases), fever (11 [11%] cases), and fatigue (10 [10%] cases).”
Asymptomatic isn’t exclusive to protestors, as far as we are aware it would be a constant % of an total case population, regardless any underlying connection to protestor demographics. So again the only difference in variable between those two anecdotes specific to protests are the use of masks. I don’t disagree that large group gatherings is ideal for community spread, but I do disagree that it is the root cause of the spikes. There are so many simple/fundamental individual actions that could help or hinder community spread occurring everyday, by a vast larger portion of the population than participated in the protests. That regional “outlook” and subsequent “follow through” by have a much larger impact on sustained spikes or sustained declines than group events. If everyone took it serious and respected the health of their peers and neighbors then we would be able to go about our lives in a much closer approximation of “normalcy” instead of being purely reactionary to a statistical trend that is quantifiable 2-3 weeks after actual occurrence.
I can’t speak on behalf of that website, just one of the first ones linked when I searched on google. Pretty long reach to draw conclusions for an entire state based on 1 website. I looking back to my float trips I suppose there were more white people floating than people of color. But there were definitely all demographics every time I’ve floated when I was younger and had more free time. It’s been a while for me just due to getting older and having to make time for those types of trips since I live in Houston.
Agreed. The overwhelming majority of what’s on that platform is garbage dance challenges or just as non-original stuff. Then you come across gems like this and it learns to feed more of the same. https://vm.tiktok.com/JdrH94m/ With that said I still don’t trust that app on my phone.
No doubt, the virus isn’t stopping in the US anytime soon. That doesn’t mean we should let it run unchecked without concern about our friends, family, neighbors, coworkers, employees, and patrons. The infection rate and COV19 hospitalizations we had in May were manageable and sustainable in almost all aspects. Those trends were the results of locking down. I don’t think we need to lock down as long as we don’t get complacent and everyone takes it serious. But that’s the problem.. collectively we don’t have the intellectual capacity or empathy to do something for the benefit of someone we’ve never met before. Your comment is a perfect example of this issue: “I’ve already had the virus and moved on.” Well you are part of a very very small population. The viral reserve available through our uninfected population is too large to just let it run uncheck. We got complacent and already hit the limit of base ICU capacity. What do you think would happen if we truly let it run unchecked? It would be manslaughter by gross negligence. Your entitled attitude is the exact reason why we are doing so poorly as a nation at getting control over the spread of the virus. This is the exact cause that prevents us from returning as close to normalcy as possible.
His response to you is why. Don’t feed to the trolls.
u/dnabrgr nailed it. The most important aspect about a “lift fault” (officially named catch fault in the rule book) when hand setting is what you are doing with the ball while you maintain your legal prolonged contact. If the ball enters your hands, then your hands drops down with the ball, then push back up to release.. that is a lift/catch fault. Even if you were able to do it faster than physically possible. The key is to cradle the ball as it enters your hands by breaking your wrist to absorb the momentum. So your wrists will stall the ball. However you elbows and forearms need to be in the setting motion already pushing your hands up. The forearm motion out paces the wrist breaking motion, this lets you slow the ball down while maintaining a continuous fluid movement as you push the ball up and out. This is the essence of beach hands. Slow and smooth, but not illegal. It’s not effective in indoor because you need high fast hands to run a deceptive offense. Well beach doubles doesn’t have that requirement. It’s you and your partner. No need to disguise your sets since you don’t have 3 available hitters to set to.
Closing bars or restricting dine-in restaurants is not a solution. It’s a reactive response to a problem well out of hand... and it’s a necessary one. Texas has closed bars down for the 2nd time. Once we hit hit ICU base capacity in the greater Houston the Governor ordered a reduction to elective procedures to free up ICU space. (A necessary step). However he quickly got called out for reducing a hospital’s revenue stream while doing nothing about bars and restaurants.. some of the largest contributing factors to the reason why ICU capacity was reached in the first place. So no. We should not move on. The only pretending that is happening here is anyone thinking it’s not an issue for bars and dine-in restaurants to operate, even if they meet all policy and guidelines (which is unrealistic). Even if the establishments cross their Ts and dot their Is, pretending that all the patrons will be perfect rule abiding individuals is willful ignorance, regardless of their age.
For those not aware: all financial assets are handed over to a trust (D.J.T. Revocable Trust) to manage on behalf of the POTUS, during their time in office. IIRC the two trustees are his son and an executive of the Tmurp Organization. He is not suppose to have any knowledge or communication with the trustees regarding the trust’s performance. Well here we are.
“I love seeing this because it proves...”
“Patching” is synonymous with drywall repair/replacement. Applying mud over screw holes isn’t the same as patching. That’s finishing touch up.
Man let’s be fair and not generalize, even the subsets. I’m in Texas but I’m not one of the psychos denouncing COVID (nor do I think of myself as *the world*). Just like I’m sure you have a couple psychos in CT that would get a long with our large group of psychos.
Virtual surround sound and 3D audio aren’t the same thing. VSS replicates 360° audio; 3D audio takes that even further by adding a layer of depth/distance to the sound. 3D is a processed function, not a hardware function. That’s the overly simplified comparison.
Random: I read this in a South African voice, like the dude from District 9.
Your head phones don’t make 3D audio 3D. That’s purely on the game design and the software processing the game. 3D audio will only sound as good as it can based on the the quality headphones you got, but your headphones are doing nothing to make the 3D audio more 3D. Meaning shit head phones will make great 3D audio designed in game sound like shit. Just like it makes normal audio sound like shit. The opposite is true as well.
Lol you can’t even receive polite, constructive criticism regarding grammar. How do you expect anyone to participate in civil discourse with you? Honest question.
That’s a way too general of a question. I suggest watching some how-to videos and then come back with any specific questions you may have. YT channel Elevate yourself has a good 5 part series that should get you started properly. Here’s the first vid: https://youtu.be/h5mpBCRK_yk
Fucking A. This is what I love to see on reddit. Quote chains that culminate into someone explaining the quote...to someone who was still keeping the quote chain alive. Never change dense people of reddit. You are the glue that holds it together.
Honest question: Can you expand on the underlying data relationship trend you are describing that would be interesting?
It’s called markdown syntax. Relic of old school forum text formatting. If you are using old.reddit or some Mobile apps then this is how you format text. If you are using new reddit and have the fancy pants editor active then it inserts the markdown syntax into the text for you without you seeing it. Edit to expand on this type of formatting specifically: it’s Header formatting. If you start a line off with the hashtag/pound/number sign it will treat that line of text as a Heading. #\#Heading Level 1 ##\##Heading Level 2 ###\###Heading Level 3 ####\####Heading Level 4 #####\#####Heading Level 5 ######\######Heading Level 6
Haha this made me laugh. The bet your looking for are odds. “10:1 odds it’s a cop” means the outcome is so likely to be a cop the bookie has to set the odds in a manner than makes it worthwhile to bet against the line. So pay $10 to win $1 if it is a cop. Or you could pay $1 to win $10 if it isn’t a cop. That was a overly simplified explanation and there are way more intricacies, but that’s the just of it.
I applaud your intentions, but that’s literally the purpose to a proper x-post: to maintain the fidelity of OC. I doubt OP is going to post his OC in 50 state subreddits, so they probably won’t be offended.
Man this is taking me back trying to fit my first board (7’6”) in my first car 2000 VW Jetta. Also had 2 12” subs in the trunk I had to fucking play Tetris with to get everything to fit. Man I was a fucking kook of a 16 y/o. Great times.
If only wave storms were a thing when I was 16 my good automod. If only.
https://www.removeddit.com/r/houston/comments/himny4/local_bar_owners_plan_to_protest_shutdown_tuesday/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf Quite literally a troll who didn’t bother reading the tone of the parent comment. Tried to inflame based on a perceived opinion and just kept missing the mark.
Looks like Scrat, the sabertoothed squirrel from Ice Age.
From any standpoint that is a carry/lift/catch fault. Ball enters hands, hands bring ball down, hands push ball up. You can’t have that change in direction while contacting the ball. You have to meet the ball while pushing in one direction.
Boys and girls activities (not just sports, all extra curricular activities) must have equal funding and equal representation for their specific gender. So in order for boys volleyball to become a sanctioned UIL sport in Texas it would require funding to be removed from an existing boys sport OR equal funding added to a new/existing girl sport. The lack of popularity and participation just doesn’t create a demand for boys Vball Texas high schools. There are a handful of club organizations that will offer programs for boys teams in the larger cities, some of which are fairly competitive on the national level. Houston Volleyball Academy (HVA) is the more prominent one I’m aware of.
Probably not. I wasn’t passing judgement one way or other, just providing the facts of what the boys indoor vball situation is in Texas.
I have no opinion on it one way or the other, but I’m genuinely curious: what is it about this hill in particular that makes you want to plant your flag in the ground and hold a position?
My argument? Scroll up a couple lines; that was my first comment in this entire thread. I'm not the person you've been playing rhetorical ping pong with. &amp;nbsp; As an avid reader and closet grammar nerd, I was just genuinely curious.
Titles of news articles are written like a legal contract. 1 single comma can change the intended meaning significantly from a lay-man’s interpretation.
Setting aside the actual context and subject matter of the words you used... Do you not realize the complete intellectual disparity between your two comments, the original reply and the reply to me? If your reply to me was what you meant to say originally, why not just say that? Why use the intellectual prowess of a 12 year old to make a comment that doesn’t address the issue at hand; only to follow up with another comment that actually reads like an adult. What’s the purpose of that inciting, but not insightful, comment to begin with? It’s just a light form of trolling and only reduces the volume and audience of your message. Be better than that.
YT channel: Elevate Yourself. Lots of technique how-to videos for pretty much all aspects of vball. Mix in videos of college and professional matches to see what it looks like when it all comes together.
Interesting, I knew the application of Title IX in K-12 wasn't apples-to-apples compared to colleges, but admittedly never dived into it. Did they expand on how it did/didn't apply specifically? The little bit I could find referenced the involvement of federal funds, opposed to state/local funds.
Recent built something like this with pvc to protect from birds. Split it into 2 equal frames instead of one large frame. Much easier to pick up and set aside. Can easily add a tarp or plastic poly sheets over it when weather gets ornery. Edit, link: https://ucanr.edu/blogs/USS//blogfiles/14990_original.jpg
Zip tie a tarp or plastic sheet poly over the netting and your good to go. Ihave a pvc frame with bird netting over mine, and a tarp on the shed ready if needed. Tarps or 6mil poly with netting under it will be fine even if it gets ripped from sharp hail. If you are really concerned you can get 10mil reinforced poly that has fibers weaves inside for a remarkable amount of shear strength.
That’s why you look at the 7-day rolling average for each day. It accounts for human reported delays like a holiday or tech issues or something.
It’s a TikTok vid with the TikTok logo cropped out. TikTok’s premise operates on audio dubbed over user made videos. Audio could be professional songs, user made dialogue audio, or even TV/movie scenes. The audio is basically a hashtag itself and ties together videos. This is why those lame dance “challenge” videos go viral so easily. The TikToks app is basically set up for someone to easily save someone else’s video (with audio) without having to “rip it” off. It’s a marketing strategy so people can then repost it to other media platforms and get free publicity. Some people go through the extra step to crop out the logo because they know their karma farming won’t be as good if people see the TikTok logo. This post is just a karma farming attempt because people get warm fuzzies from social media dopamine feedback loops.
