So this idea that you always need to edit out filter words is wrong. There are cases where it's easy to do: *She felt her face flush* vs *her face flushed.* But in your example, because it's a simile, something like this wouldn't work because it's describing a feeling, not an actual event. Now, others have given examples as to how you could rework the sentence in you wanted. But to be honest, it reads fine as it is. And so long as you're diligent in editing out the filter words where it's easy (like in the example above), there's no reason you can't keep this sentence as is.
Honestly, you’re asking the wrong questions. Your main question should be: why do people tend to dislike resurrections? And the answer is usually: it feels like a cheat/negates the power of the character death. That’s true for a lot of stories. Whether it’ll affect your depends on how the story is built. If your main story arc and plot points are about facilitating the resurrection, that’s very different to just killing a character during the climax and bringing them back five minutes later.
Not only will this vary by writer, but also, by *reader*. There is no one answer here since we all like different things. So here's the only real answer you'll get: it's too much when you try to get the reader to see *exactly* what you see. That will never happen, no matter how hard you try, and the harder you try, the more bloated the prose will become. It's okay to want to convey certain things - just pick the most important aspects of each costume/character/place and focus on them - you can always layer in extra details as you go, it doesn't all have to happen at once.
So I'm going to say something you might not like: it sounds like your SO doesn't want to work on your writing with you, and I think you should respect that. My guess is this has nothing to do with your writing and everything to do with your relationship. Honestly critiquing your SO is something not a lot of people are comfortable doing. Either they don't want to hurt you, or have you resent them, or get into a fight because of a misunderstanding. Helping a friend is far easier because your SO can get distance from them in between sessions - that's not true with you. Try finding a writing group or critique partners to help you with your writing instead - they'll often give better feedback than a loved one would anyway.
So, I actually just went through this myself. Book 1 of my duo is largely girl MC &amp; two male secondary leads. It's quite a contained book with a small cast, so my editor was totally fine with only having other women play smaller roles in that book. But when we were workshopping the plan for book 2, I mentioned I was adding yet another boy to the mix, at which point she suggested it would be better if i gave my MC a female friend as a way to balance out the dynamics. Originally, I resisted. Mostly because I'd already written this character in and he had a couple of conflict points I liked. But she made some good arguments and I eventually agreed to the change. And sure, it meant losing those conflict points, but it opened up so many new avenues and, of course, different conflict points. And when I took a hard look at why I'd made that character male to begin with, I realised it was purely because writing m/f is easier for me. It comes more naturally and makes the whole her/her pronouns easier to manage. Anyway, all of that is a long way of saying: really examine the reason all your characters are male - it might be that one of them could work just as well or better as a girl.
It's impossible for me to say for sure without knowing more about your story. The main point I was trying to make is that you may be defaulting to male characters because (like me) you find the m/f dynamic easier to write - and those points of conflict come more naturally. So that's what you should be examining. And as I said, gender switching a character will require you to change more than just pronouns - so yeah, it may require you to change their backstory - and their future arcs. Again, whether or not that's right for your story - I can't say. But if the balance feels off, it might be worth looking at - or at least thinking about to see if you could make it work. Sometimes, we have to explore an idea we think won't work just to discount it so we can be confident with our original path. Often though, that new path opens up a lot of great story potential. I was 100% sure my 3rd friend needed to be male - changing his (already written) scenes to a girl was heart wrenching - but the moment I started writing scenes for *her*, with *her* in mind, not him - the story suddenly worked so much better.
So there are a couple of things I want to address here. &gt; For a long time now I was wondering if the rejections I was getting was because I wasn't writing ownvoices and well I finally got confirmation that yes, yes it is. What you got here is *one* confirmation - and even then, I'd say it's not conclusive. And just because one agent rejected on this basis, doesn't mean they're *all* rejecting for the same reason - and to assume they are is a pretty damning assumption, IMO. Beyond that, the rejection you posted kind of reads like a tiered form rejection (as it's not at all specific to your book). It could be that the agent is simply looking for more male MCs and ownvoices books - and that this form is their way of saying that. Of course, I'm inferring a conclusion from this just as much as you are, but you see how we've both come to different conclusions? That's why I think it's not quite so clear cut. All of which is to say: they probably just didn't fall in love with your book. I'm sorry if that sounds harsh, but most agents - even ones who are looking for more own voices work - don't usually turn down books they 100% want and think will sell. If they were, we'd have seen a decline in white/straight authors getting published and that's just not happening.
Who, exactly, is stopping you?
Only one way to address that: practice more.
&gt; I actually designed our new project and they are now using what is completely my idea that I worked on as a hobby on my free time. If this is the case - what does your contract say about IP? What does it say about what happens if you leave the company or if you stay? I fully understand your frustration as feeling like your writing isn't valued. That sucks and they're wrong. But you're focusing on the entirely wrong problem - which is making sure you're covered legally and others can't profit off the work you did for free while cutting you out. Read your contract. Know your rights. Take appropriate action.
Questions like this are impossible to answer when we don't know what kind of story you're trying to tell. Each of these possibilities would lead to an *entirely different arc* and make for an entirely different book. So we can't decide this for you because we don't know what you're trying to achieve.
One of two things will happen if you share this story at this stage: - You'll get feedback which will inform your writing - You'll get feedback which will make you lose your passion for the project. A reality of new writers is they think they're better than they are - that's not a judgement on you, it's a fact. So they send out half-finished, rough work expecting praise, and when all they get is silence or, worse, criticism, they rage quit. Learning that your book baby is flawed is never easy - it's particularly hard if it's your first. My advice - finish. If this is your first, getting to the end is that first hurdle that proves to your future self you can write a novel - and that's a really important thing for your brain to know. Once you've crossed this milestone, dip your toe into the feedback waters. I already had a novel behind me when I started workshopping my second one - and damn did I almost quit after that first round of feedback - that's how hard it was to take. Now that I'm more confident with my ability and ability to take feedback, I workshop chapters as I go along. But it took time to get to this place.
&gt; Black, female, gay, the specifics aren’t important. Except, they are. Why? Because when you leave out the specifics, readers will default to straight and white - that's what popular media has conditioned us to expect. It's whitewashing by omission, basically. The only way to combat this is to put race/sexuality on the page. Even if it's not plot important. A gay, black character doesn't need anymore reason to exist in your story than a straight white one does.
First of all, I never said omitting minorities is racist. I said, unless you specify a character’s race/sexuality, the reader will most likely assume they’re straight and white. That’s not because they’re racist - it’s because that’s what we’ve all grown up exposed to. Most leads in film, tv, and books have traditionally been white and straight - and we all (no matter our skin colour) internalise that as the default. Up until recently, publishers were even putting white versions of MCs on book characters even when the MC was explicitly described as non white because they thought the books would sell better. If you think there’s no ‘default’ - you’re not paying attention. For example, most people on this sub automatically presume I’m a man because most reddit users are men - it’s just what our minds jump to. Oh, and if you think white people face anywhere near the same racial aggression as POC than I really don’t know what to tell you.
Take a breath. You have records of the withdrawal email. You have the messenger logs. If this magazine ignores your withdrawal and publishes, you - at the very least - have a way to explain the situation to the first magazine. You have taken every step. You can't do more than that. The only way this might reflect badly on you is if these publications explicitly state that they do not allow for simultaneous submissions (i.e - if you submit to them, you submit exclusively to them).
&gt; I do my best not to mention skin colour. This is intentional, because I want the reader to be able to imagine the main character as close to themselves as possible. I wish I could find the post - but it's twitter so I never will - but a YA book blogger (who is a POC) recently did a thread about why this only seems like a good way to make the MC relatable to readers of any race, but really, it ends up with only white kids ever seeing themselves on the page. The crux of her point was - in the US/UK markets, we are so used to being presented with white protagonists, that unless it's explicitly stated, most kids - even black/latinx/asian kids will assume the MC white. If you're writing YA, and aren't already on twitter - I strongly suggest you spend some time there - it's where the conversations are really taking place. The amount of posts you see with teens/authors talking about teens who are so happy to finally see a person like them represented in the text is really eye opening. Because until recently, they always had to 'imagine' themselves as the MC, while white kids got the cover art and the movie deal. None of which is to say you have to do this in *your* book - but I've had my eyes opened to a lot of these conversations by joining the community there.
&gt; A story is a story is a story... it exists of itself, for itself, in spite of the world around it I respectfully disagree. Our stories do not exist in a vacuum. &gt; Be diverse, but don’t do it to meet a quota And I particularly hate this idea that adding diversity is always looked at as ticking a box if it's not plot specific. It makes it sound as though characters from backgrounds other than what your audience defaults to (whatever that may be for your market) require a reason to exist - and they don't. You say that your world naturally includes diversity and that's great - but not every story requires extensive world building. Contemporary fiction for example. Where that's the case, it's entirely possible to want a diverse cast even though their race doesn't impact the story (i.e - not every story with diverse characters needs to be about race).
Actually, a lot of the big publishers that put out hardbacks, actually put them out first as the 'big' release, with the paperback edition following a few months later. This is usually detailed in the contract as the hardback editions both sell for more and garner the author a slightly higher royalty rate. Paperback editions then give that publisher an opportunity to rethink things like the cover if they feel the current one is underperforming. (N.B - my experience in this area is limited to the YA market where this is often the case - I cannot speak to other markets).
Given that half of the questions we get here could be answered by simply cracking open a book and seeing how someone else did it, I don't think we really need to demonise reading just yet... People who make writing their career (at least the successful ones) know full well how to balance their time - they have to; because writing income is unpredictable and they have to keep the lights on. They treat it like the job that is it. But there's a reason most great writers are big readers... it really does make you better.
If your experience naturally evolved during the month, I don't see why you shouldn't include it. Unless this book is a literal *how to stop using recipes*, it should probably reach the same conclusion you did: not using recipes was just one step... and if you have the page time, I don't see any reason you can't build on that.
Then don't use the term. There is no rule that says you have to. Ownvoices is literally a visibility thing. If you'd researched it *properly*, you'd know that visibility is important because A) only a fraction of stories published are about MCs from marginalised backgrounds, and B) only a fraction of *those* stories come from marginalised authors - read: most published stories about minority groups are written by white/straight authors. Most trade published stories, period, come from white/straight authors. That's what's ownvoices was designed to change. It tells the agent that not only does this story feature a diverse MC, it also comes from a diverse author. And because publishing is currently working to address the MASSIVE racial imbalance in who it publishes, that might give you a leg up. Here's what it won't do: - give you permission to self-insert (no one wants those stories). Your story still needs to hit all the right notes and be as good as anyone else's. - get your book published if it's bad.
Ownvoices - for the most part, is limited to life experience that means you are marginalised in some way. Race, sexuality and disability are the big ticket items, but not the only items. It’s a stretch (and a laughable one) to use your examples as ownvoices though. And you can hold whatever opinion you want, but when you post rants on a public forum, people are allowed to respond. Does ownvoices have its problems, yes. But the ones you listed aren’t them. And again, if you don’t like the term, you don’t have to use it.
Hello me. In fact, both my structural edits to date have included requests for more world building.
And my personal favourite: here would be a good place to INSERT SOME DAMN LORE IF ONLY TO SHOW YOU HAVE SOME THANK YOU PLEASE.
&gt; I would find it offensive to be called chocolate. Either there's a typo here, or you've just answered your own question. If it is a typo and you meant to say: I *wouldn't* find it offensive to be called chocolate... then all I can say is that remember that not all POC are the same. You'll each have your own opinions on the matter based on your lived experience. But this advice is quite standard now, so obviously there are enough writers doing it, and enough POC who dislike it for it to have become a known issue. Again, look for resources by POC to get a few different viewpoints on why.
ok - but none of those are food terms - so what's the problem?
Novel 1 = I can do it. Novel 2 = I can do it in a way people will pay for. Novel 3 = The 'dead' in deadline is hyperbolic but it makes me faster none the less.
So each of those tells us something different about your characters and who they are and what drives them. That’s why we can’t make this decision for you, whatever you choose will most likely affect both the plot and your story (or it should) - so have a good think about who your characters are, and base your decision on that.
Read this: http://jetreidliterary.blogspot.com/2018/10/so-why-you-do-not-register-copyright.html Has info on amending copyright, and why you shouldn't bother registering if you're after a trade publisher.
Next time, snap a photo of each new page at the end of the day. This won't save you from having to do the typing (you'll eventually need to do this anyway if you plan to publish) but it will mean you have a visual copy of your work so that the words aren't actually gone.
I've lost 10k words in the past and it took me a year to finally sit down and re-type it. In hindsight, I wish I'd done two things: 1) MADE BACKUPS 2) Gone back to it sooner. Push through the block. Don't try to recreate each sentence but rather get the bones down while you still remember them. You can then clean it up later.
Honestly - ask the person. Common writing gifts are: pens, notebooks, whiskey, craft books etc... but if you got any one of those things for me, it would sit in a drawer forever despite the fact that I write everyday. Writer is not a one size fits all label. Not all of us handwrite, or take notes, or drink or read craft books. So your best bet is to actually ask after this person's habits before committing to a 'generic writing gift' they might not use.
Since I don't drink, probably. I could give it away, I suppose. But that doesn't make it a good gift for me.
Care to share why?
Fair enough - just to clarify though, this post would only apply to the *trade* side of the industry - where the idea that an editor/agent will steal your work is laughable. Not sure if that changes anything or not. Looking forward to reading your response.
Plenty of writers query outside their home market. Chances are, if you're reading widely in your genre, you *do* know the american market (at least a little) because the UK buys a lot of books from there as well as publishing it's own. The local nuances thing isn't a problem unless your book is *very* British and thus likely to sell better in the UK. If we're just talking changing 'sofa' to 'couch' and s's to z's, getting rid of u's etc... that's not going to make an agent pass on a book they love. At worst, they'll give you a list of things to standardise before you go on submission.
Your daily minimum (if you choose to have one) shouldn't be your goal; it should be what you're capable of producing on your worst day. It's a way of keeping the work tracking even when you don't feel like it - so it needs to be achievable. For instance, mine is 200 words. A tiny number. Now, some days (the shitty ones) that's all I get. But most times, forcing out the first 200 words unblocks me for a much more productive writing session. That's not to say you should push yourself to burnout point, just that when you're on a roll, it's fine to keep going.
If you're writing in a limited POV (first or close third limited) then your description should be rooted in how the POV character sees this other person. Is your character they type that would say: *Buttocks? Bottom? Backside? Cheeks? Arse? Ass? Glutes? Gluteus Maximus?* Also, unless this nudity is somehow plot critical, try not to over describe it. And if you're describing a woman looking at herself (and you're a man) maybe do some research into the male gaze and why it turns readers off (clue: we don't think of ourselves as pieces of meat).
Then forgive my assumption. The main thing to ask yourself is what is the purpose of the scene. Is it sexual? Is it incidental? Awkward? Revealing in some way. Often, you don't need to spend a lot of words actually describing body parts unless you're writing erotica/romance or attraction.
Writing for an audience is a balance. On the one hand, you need to look at genre expectations and make sure you're hitting the right notes and not doing things that will drive away your audience in droves, on the other, you have to stay true to the story. What readers want and what's right for the story aren't always the same thing and you will never be able to please everyone. If you're reading widely in your genre, you should have a good idea of what is normal, so use that as your measuring stick, but don't be afraid to stray if need be. This is harder if you're writing fanfic or somewhere like wattpad since the audience there can be a little more toxic at times.
Yeah, no one here is going to come up with a complicated magic system for you.
Before you get outside opinions on the first few book pages you've ever written, I really want you to ask yourself: what will you do if those opinions are bad? This is a mistake a lot of new writers make. They start, write something, need validation, then when they don't get it, they quit. So here's the truth: chances are, what you've written isn't good. That's not a judgement - even seasoned pros don't write good first drafts, and new writers even less so. The best thing is to push forward. Don't try to avoid making mistakes - because you can't - instead, get so deep into the MS that when you do hear something bad about it, you'll be in too deep to walk away.
Op literally spoke about trying to get the work published in the post.
Inspiration starts books, it won’t carry you through the hard parts.
I'm not sure that's accurate... In media res just means starting in the action - it usually doesn't refer to an inciting incident that has occurred before the story actually begins. The inciting incident is simply the moment at which everything changes for the character, hence, driving their call to adventure. Usually, even stories that start in media res still have an on-the-page inciting incident (even if it happens almost immediately). That moment is usually quite important for the reader to see as it informs their understanding of what is driving the MC. I suppose the danger of starting the story so late and skipping the inciting incident is that the action will feel meaningless without that context to ground it. Even stories that start in media res tend to include enough information to orient the reader. I could be wrong though.
Yeah, book ratings aren’t a thing unless you’re writing for children, and even then, you’ll be asked to tone down the language rather than given a rating (if the publisher deems it necessary). How much you can get away with depends on both the age group you’re writing for and the tone of the book. Tons of YA books, for instance - especially contemporary titles, have plenty of ‘fucks’ in them, but on the fantasy side, in world swearing is more prominent. It all depends on the book.
Why would you want to do that? Who do you think is coming for your half finished manuscript?
Again, I might be wrong, but that's not my understanding at all. When we talk about books, we usually refer to an inciting incident that happens on the page and launches the main plot problem, Movies don't always make a good comparison when talking about books as the mediums are quite different. Even so, I'd put the inciting incident of SW at the moment Luke's uncle and aunt are killed. That's my reading of it, anyhow. As for AIW - I'd argue that's not a good example at all seeing how that film follows no traditional form in that it took almost 10 years of in world movies to set up for that opening. Little about IW would work without those prequels.
There are definitely benefits to starting small, but I'd argue that unless you're actually interested in shorts, starting with novels is the way to go. Nothing will teach you how to write a novel other than to write a novel. In fact, shorts and novels are quite different in what they force the writer to focus on so the skills aren't always transferrable (i.e some short story writers struggle to fill out a novel because the two formats require a different set of story beats). They are absolutely a good way of honing your prose and process, but if you're like me, and have never wanted to write a short in your life, you just have to go all in.
Fiction: No - you need a finished, polished MS. It's a buyer's market out there. Unless you're famous, an agent/publisher doesn't need to take the chance that maybe you'll finish the book in a way they'll like. Non-fiction: Yes - you generally sell based on a book proposal and sample chapters, but you would likely need an established platform (depending on the subject matter).
&gt; does it even matter? Yep. Readers like an ending. They like to get to the end, have a break, feel like after reading 50k+ words, they're getting to the climax rather than trudging on endlessly. Story structure, and arcs matter too - it would be odd to have 7 full story arcs in the one book. Beyond that, 7 books take longer than 1 book to write. Longer to edit. And what if they don't sell? Will you want to keep writing the series if by book 4, there's no market for them? Start with book 1 - make it the best damn book you can. Everything else comes later.
You want to avoid super obvious ones like that simply because A) it's jarring for the reader, and B) if they did choose to come after you, they have better lawyers (even if the case has no merit and they lose). But otherwise, it's crazy to think there will be no overlap with the real world.
Drafting without editing is actually the recommended way to work - because it's faster, and stops you spending time polishing up things that end up getting cut anyway. If your brain lets you do this - congrats, you've won the jackpot, keep doing what you're doing. Personally, I can't work this way because it creates too big of an editing job at the end, which is why I'll draft a scene, the go back to get it working before moving on. Note that even though I edit as I go, I don't strive for perfection, just a good flow so I can send it out to betas (I workshop chapters as I go).
Is beige prose simple prose?
Just last week there was a case of a poet being plagiarised by another poet who went on to get nominated for a pushcart for the stolen work. The whole story played out on twitter. Here's the original thread, you might find it interesting. https://twitter.com/RachelMcKibbens/status/1068682931609247744
Alternating first is very hard to do well - especially when you go beyond 2-3 characters. The voices have to be so well differentiated for the reader not to get lost in all the I's that even very good writers don't often pull it off. If you're struggling, both with first, and the alternating do some reading around close limited third. That perspective functions like first (i.e the character is the narrator) just with the pronouns changed. It allows you to do deep thought and such, as well as take advantage of the benefits of third person POV.
So I can't speak to CITR - since I haven't read it, but as someone who writes simple, commercial prose, the most important thing to keep in mind is flow. When you don't have a lot of visual language to mask mistakes, everything has to feel super smooth. That means varied sentence structures, changing up your sentence headwords and structures, editing out unnecessary repetition etc, so that when you read the prose, it flows right off the tongue (listening to your work out loud is a good way to guage this).
Tried it, wasn't a fan. I struggle with a lot of the classics - and lit fic especially tbh. I need a strong plot to keep me invested.
Right - sorry, I read the original thread early last week so the nuances have slipped my mind. I do remember looking at it as feeling like she's totally justified. I don't have any experience with poetry myself, but given how short the works tend to be, and how big a role imagery plays in them, I tend to agree that there was theft here. As for malevolence - you don't make this kind of mistake and enter the work into a pushcart without knowing you've done something wrong. I'm sorry, you just don't (and she obviously did otherwise why would she have sent the original message). This girl knew she might get caught so she sent a non-apology in the hopes that she's get forgiven with no consequences. And since this thread came out it transpired that RM isn't the only poet she had stolen from). When you do that, you sort of lose the benefit of the doubt, if you ask me.
Start with book 1. It's okay to have a rough plan for the rest, but keep in mind that if you sell this series to a publisher, they may request changes that will have a knock-on effect on the others. Even if you self-publish, there's a chance the book will change dramatically in the edit (and yes, there should be an edit). Beyond that, book 1 is your litmus test to see if people are even interested. IF book 1 doesn't sell, will you bother with 2/3/4? Would you want to take that time? Or would you want to move onto the next thing. My first book was the first in a duo, and book 2 got abandoned when I realised book 1 was a travesty no one would ever read. So instead of wasting another year on a sequel with no future, I moved on to a different duo I could sell. So whilst there is nothing wrong with wanting to write a series, remember that book 1 is going to dictate the rest. Get that right. Make sure it stands well on it's own, then take the rest from there.
Can I just jump in here because a lot of people are saying a similar thing, and I think it misses a big point about YA novels (especially on the fantasy side of the category) - they're not really about realism. The teens in most fantasy YA series rarely act exactly like real teens. They do stuff most teens would never ever do (or be capable of doing), if only because their parents would stop them. The teen aspect to a lot YA novels is the coming of age themes: growing up, finding love and your place in the world... all whilst doing all that cool stuff teens know and love from adult novels or movies and TV shows. That's why teens didn't really question the whole 'Edward is so old' thing when they devoured twilight - because the 'old' part of being a vampire wasn't the fantasy they were buying into. It was the impossibly rich/good looking/dangerous/interested aspect. That's why a lot of YA characters are really teens in attitude and name only - so considerations like this don't really matter. Think about it - how many human/non-human pairings are there? Or human/monster pairings... age gaps really aren't the weirdest thing about YA romances, you know?
If your main character is 25, you’re not writing YA. Not knowing that tells me you don’t read enough YA to write YA.
My fear of failure is greater than my need to quit.
This. Exactly this. Edwards’s age was literally something Bella never covered - in fact, most of the time she was emphasising how unfair it was that he was 17 forever. /u/danni_shadow - the kind of creepy, age gap promotion actually exists in very few YA books. The gap is either so large it’s not humanly possibly, or the characters are quite close in age. Where they’re separated by a real world gap that could be seen as creepy, it’s usually a featured point - vampire academy comes to mind.
None if you don't want to. Research is important, yes, but there's no reason you can't do it as you write or after the fact. The first draft is for story, not accuracy - and getting the bones down might actually show you what you actually need to research and include, rather than spending a lot of time researching things that never make it into the book. The exception would be when your plot is entirely dependant on the details - which can be the case.
Hard truth: there is almost no market for children's books in the self-pub space (bar a few exceptions). Trade publishers still have a monopoly on this category since most of these books are still bought in stores, and it's notoriously hard to get your books into the big stores as a self-pubbed author. So it really depends on how far you want this book to go. As a side-note, you do not need to go with local publishers, unless local distribution is all you want. Read up on querying picture books (it's a different process than querying novels - and different again if you're querying with illustrations already done, as publishers usually handle this part). Also go through the archives on this blog as this agent handles a lot of PB's. http://literaticat.tumblr.com/
Books don't have intros - they have chapters, or sometimes, prologues. Those first chapters are the most important: they should intro your reader to the MC, the world and the main plot problem, but they should in no way feel like an intro. They shouldn't be 'a day in the normal life' of your merry gang of characters'. They should be full of intrigue, conflict and questions - that's what's going to keep your reader reading. They shouldn't be full of backstory or world history. They should be a clever and integrated way of throwing your MC and reader into the story, while giving them all the necessary info to understand what's going on in a layered and seamless way. If you've got 6k of intros and home/family life, then I daresay your story starts right after those 6k words.
I really hate this sentiment purely because it doesn’t account for market realities. A novel is as long as it needs to be when you have clout and your foot in the door - until then, you are seriously hamstringing yourself by not going by market norms. Publishing a book today isn’t like publishing a book 50 years ago. Competition is so much fiercer now. Which is why this is bad advice. You should never count on being the exception. Learn to build a novel that does conform to genre norms first - prove you can do it. But in this market, you have to earn the right to do what you want.
Check out The Rook by Daniel O'Malley.
That's POV you're thinking of - tense is the difference between 'I said' and 'I say'.
Usually, it’s not recommended to spend the cash unless you have it going spare. The real question is: is grammar a big ticket issue for you? No agent is going to pass on the story of the century because the MS had a few typos/missing words/homonyms throughout (mine still had a few even after both me and my agent scrubbed it twice!) But if we’re talking 10+ in the first 3 chapters alone, then you’re going to look careless. (This will matter more to some than others) Only you know where you are on the scale. I can definitely recommend listening to your MS via text to speech as a way of noticing missing words/incorrect words though. Works like a charm. Edit to add: also, you’re probably talking more about a proof reader than a copy editing. Copy editing is more than just looking for typos.
Adding to this OP - if you have no one to proof for you, does that mean you've also had no beta readers? Because working shopping the novel is often what makes the difference between a good novel, and a novel that will find rep. If at al possible, you don't want agent eyes to be the first to read the book as a whole.
The Martian audiobook is pretty great. Also, World War Z (far better than the movie).
You're right about genre fiction needing a strong MC - and I don't mean that in a strength sense. The problem with blank slate characters is that they don't drive stories - things happen to them, the don't make them happen - which means they lack agency, and if you follow any agents/editors, you'll see them often talk about lack of agency in MC's. Simply put, it's more interesting when the MC drives the story. It feels less like the convenient thing for the plot just happens to conveniently happen to them - or that other characters are constantly doing the more exciting things. Are there exceptions? Sure. But a lot of genre fiction is about the fantasy - the reader get to experience being the great detective/superhero/warrior along with the MC - and that's far more fun than watching someone amble through situations they're not prepared for. That's just real life.
&gt; The opening with the village would be thematically distinct from the quest itself so my gut tells me to write it as a prologue Mmmm... that's not usually the purpose of a prologue. Prologues are usually more than just thematically different, or the 'mundane' part of the story (which is something I personally don't feel is necessary anyway). Prologues are a way of including POVs/events that wouldn't otherwise fit into the story. So events in a far off place, or a different time, or from the POV of a different character.
Don't go by hours - because we all work at different paces. My 1000 hours could be your 500 or 2000. A better metric is edit passes. Mine got 2-4 edit passes before it went to my group for workshopping, then another 2-3 after revision before it went to my agent, where it got 3 passes before it went on submission, and another 3-4 with my editor before the MS was accepted. And I draft *clean*. That should give you a good idea of what the process looks like. But again, what I can achieve in 3-4 edit passes, some could probably do in 2, others will need 5+ Your main takeaway should be that it's going to take far longer than you both think and would like.
Find whatever process gets you to the end. Work at whatever speed you can manage. Don't let fear hold you back from doing the work. Edits are hard. They're soul wrenching. If they're not, chances are you're not going deep enough and addressing the real issues of the story. If a story that gets past an agent and an acquisitions board still needs to be re-written by 30% (like my last one), then chances are, a new writer isn't going to fix all the issues in their MS without outside eyes by just tidying up the grammar.
I feel like it's mostly writers who worry about being cliched or unoriginal. There's a reason readers read multiple books in the same genre: they want more of the same. They like what they like and they want new takes on that same thing. And you don't have to re-invent the wheel to make it different enough to be engaging.
Well, even when you draft clean, you’ll miss things. That’s what the first full edit is for - smoothing out those inconsistencies and all the things you missed, or suddenly want to add. Then it goes for workshopping and chances are, some structural things change - and once you make them, you need another full scrub to catch any knock on effects you might have missed etc. Then I do another polish pass. Then that process starts all over with my agent - who’ll generally suggest some different structural issues that will make the book more marketable. Then that process starts again with my editor who is even more insightful when it comes to structural edits. All the while, in line editing. And line editing - when you do it properly can be quite intensive because it’s not just addressing the obvious bits of repetition/flow but also issues across the book as a whole - for example, action beats that come up in multiple chapters. Sentence structures that you’re over reliant on etc.
I don't think the world is suffering from a shortage of 'fat character is insecure until they get skinny' narratives. That's literally been the only narrative out there for a while.
The same way I would write every other scene. Who's your character? What are they doing? Why are they doing it? What do they want? What happens?
Remember that what you write isn't set in stone. Your first idea won't be your best idea. The first draft won't be the final draft. There's a reason we always say *good writing is re-writing*... none of us get it right the first time. So follow whatever direction feels right at the time, and if it goes wrong, try it again.
If you can't find a way to write the story you *want* to write, I doubt you'll find the motivation to write one you don't care about. Short stories are great - if you like short stories. If, however, you want to write novels, then you need to learn to write novels, and that means learning some discipline. Long form writing is hard. It takes more than just passion - it takes commitment and discipline. That's what you should really work on.
Form a habit. Writing a little every day is great, but not achievable for everyone. Find out what habit will work for you, then stick to it. My goal is 200 words a day - which sounds like nothing, but it keeps the work moving on my worst day. As a result, I have 3 full novels under my belt and I'm 30k words into the fourth (and that's not accounting for time spent revising/editing). You make the time and you build the will to do it.
&gt; This is her first book she's ever written This may sound harsh - but that may mean it's not good enough yet. Most first novels aren't. &gt; She's a teen author Rarely matters. If the work is good, agents will love that she's young because it makes for a great marketing story. But the work has to be as good as everyone else submitting. &gt; Her story is very unconventional and deviates a lot from the common tropes of storytelling Believe it or not, so do the stories of a lot of first timers. This is actually very common in new writers: trying to re-invent the wheel before they fully understand. That's not to say she's not done it right - just that it's hard to pull off well, especially as a first novel. Has she studied the craft? Is she breaking the rules thoughtfully in a way that would keep a reader engaged? &gt; Both she and I agree that all this points to the story being too risky for agents Has anyone else read it? Has she workshopped, polished and revised this thing to death? Because that's what needs to happen before a novel gets to a level where it might sell. Be wary of the danger of deciding that a novel was too risky... unconventional isn't a problem when done well. Before you put the blame on the agent, make sure you're both being critical about the work itself. &gt; I see lots of potential in this novel Potential is not enough to play in the big leagues. Potential gets an agent to say: send me future work (at best), not offer rep. When you're submitting to agents, the work has to be publish quality already. Agents don't have time to build you into the writer you need to be. My advice to your friend: join a writing group, find beta readers and critique partners. Get some more opinions on the MS and work on revising/polishing it. Write more books. Rarely does a writer (teen or otherwise) sell their first MS. Tell her to check out #authorstats on twitter to see how many books it takes a lot of us to get there.
&gt; The query letter differs from agent to agent. She personalizes every query to fit their description. If they specialize in first books she includes that to the query. If they don't mention it she doesn't mention it. To be honest, this isn't the best way to personalise a query... If she's going to personalise, it needs to be more than just: you've sold books in first person, and I write first person... that's not really a selling point - it's a very standard POV.
While this is true, I'd be wary of this advice. Hugh Howey – and Andy Weir and EL James for that matter – are the exceptions. They are lightning in a bottle. For every one of them, there are a million books languishing in the self-publishing void (because believe it or not, everyone thinks their book is the exception). Self-publishing is certainly a viable option these days, but it requires a lot of work and a monetary investment to begin with. It's not a write it well and they will come scenario.
Depends on the story. I know it's become cool to say 'oh but people will complain if...' but the truth is, a lot of the nay sayers never look deeper or try to identify the reason *why* some readers complain. No reader is going to expect your female MC to be surrounded by boys in a novel set in a girls school, for instance. It just won't happen. Nor will they expect there to be a female president in a book set in 1800's America. But there are situations and stories where it would make sense for there to be a balance - and where that's the case, it helps to look at your cast and ask: is it 90% female because it needs to be, or because that's easier for me to write. I, for example, default to writing female MC's who have all male friends. Why? Because it makes the pronouns easier to manage. And that's not a great reason for lack of balance which is why I have to make an effort to better balance my stories. Make sense?
My example wasn't supposed to be a *literal* dissection of the major plot problem in every HP book from the beginning - it was illustrative. My point was that had Harry been able to walk away from his Voldermort problem, the conflict wouldn't have had the same impact - because the stakes wouldn't have been as high. Edit to respond to your edit: it seems we’ve interpreted the quote differently. But I like your points too. To me this quote speaks of stakes - to you, motivations. I think both could be possible but I will not claim to know which is right because I didn’t write it.
Contemporary stakes work differently because they tend to be more personal than life and death. But good contemporary plot problems still feel as though they're the be all and end all, you know? Again, not *literally*, but enough that the reader knows the character (in the book) is unlikely to be able to just turn their back on the problem - even if in real life, we know they totally could.
&gt; I already figured that if I make them all first person I would have to title my chapters the name of the character as to not confuse the readers. See, with 5 POVs this might not be enough (but for the record, you'd probably need to do this with only 2 1st person POVs) Alternating first person is something that's done - but to be honest with you, once you move past 1-2 main POV's - 3 if you're really good, it becomes unwieldy very quickly. Your voices are going to have to be *incredibly* well differentiated to keep the reader from getting lost in all the I's. Instead - consider looking at your third POV and going real deep with it. Close limited third can function with all the benefits of first (narrator is the MC, you can dip into their head whenever you want etc.) but without the confusion. As for alternating between 1st and 3rd - yes, this can be done. The latest Veronica Roth series is done this way. Personally, I find the switch quite jarring.
No worries. Whatever you decide, just make sure you get a confirmation in writing. Since your book never went on submission, this agent/agency shouldn’t have any claim to monies made off this book if you later sell it through a different agent/agency. But make sure you check the termination clause in the agency agreement you were given and get specifics in writing if you choose to dissolve the contract (there will be language on how to do that in the contract).
Everyone in this thread needs to take a breath and remember that there are contracts at play here. So long as OP checks the agency agreement they signed (which wasn’t signed by the agency anyway) and follows the right protocol for terminating the agreement (if that’s what they choose to do), they’ll be fine. This book hasn’t been shopped yet. This is the best time for this to be happening because it’s not going to stop OPs book from being able to go on sub regardless of whether they stay with this agent/agency or not.
&gt; ay! I signed the contract (for representation with the agency - not a book contract) and was super excited to finally start sharing the news now that it was official. &gt; &gt; However, I never received a copy of the signed contract, From the original post - so from my understanding, OP was sent the contract to sign, but never received a finalised copy where the agent also signed. Which isn't always necessary - sometimes agreements are short and only require the client's signature. But OP also said this: &gt; She was super nice and called me back and shared that I hadn’t received the contract with the agency yet because... in 2019, she’d be starting her own agency and was hoping to take my project with her. Which suggests she never filed the paperwork. And sure, that sounds suss on the surface - but only because the original post didn't contain enough detail to make an informed judegement. OP has since answered answer of the comments clarifying the timeline - and the timeline between getting the offer, OP signing the contract and the agent deciding to leave was actually quite short - which is why it doesn't necessarily scream 'wrong-doing'. That's the crux of my problem with a lot of the responses to the original question - everyone is jumping to 'danger Will Robinson' when there was nowhere near enough info to go on.
Something I think a lot of us forget is that authors – even the famous ones – aren't infallible; they're just people. And just because one of them didn't like your work, doesn't mean it has no value. I'm sorry you had a bad experience. I don't know the circumstances surrounding this mentorship, but it sucks that the author did more to dissuade you than help. I would say that depending on what level you're writing at, it could be that busy authors aren't your best bet for feedback as they have far less time to ease you through the process (especially true if it was your first novels - those tend to need A LOT of work). My advice: get on meetup.com or go to your local library to find a writing group in your area. Fine betas or critique partners online - start small and with ciritisicm you can manage. A thick skin takes time to develop.
Yeah - it'll work in both 1st and limited 3rd. You *might* find you need the tags more if writing in distant third or with an omniscient narrator, but otherwise, they're not usually needed.
When it bores the reader it's too much. There is no number you can put on it though. For some things, even a sentence can feel like too much if it's just plonked on in there. At other times, you'll get away with several paragraphs. It's all about how and when you weave in that information. If you're not doing so already, *read*, a lot. That's the best way to see how it's done.
Honestly, you're going to do your prose more harm than good sticking to rules so stringently. Every piece of punctuation, and writing technique has a place in prose - the trick is finding the balance. Showing is great, but a book that only shows is as problematic as a book that only tells.
Of course they do. Personally, I prefer to limit them to dialogue/internal monologue, because for me, they represent a very 'voicey' type of punctuation - when I use them, I *hear* the sentence as if said. But that's just me. And just for the record, I'm the girl in the writing group that strips out !!! from everyone's work - not because they're bad, but because a lot of writers give them a bad name by overusing them. If 80% of your dialogue ends in a ! - that's probably a problem. Read the prose out loud - an ! means the words are being exclaimed. Do that with every other sentence and it becomes a farce. But in the heat of an argument, or battle or a big emotional moment, they work wonders. Always - and I mean always - learn the reason for *why* something became a rule before blanket implementing it in your work. Most writing rules are designed to get new writers to question their crutches - they're not absolute.
So here’s the thing with series - especially if you want to go trade: there is no point writing the next book until the first sells. Because if the first doesn’t sell, the rest never will. No one buys book two having not wanted book 1. Also, any potential publisher will likely request changes to book 1 that will impact the rest - so whilst it’s good to have a plan in place, flexibility is better. Because even if a publisher bites, they may only commit to 2 or 3, not the full run. If sales are good, you might get to do more, if they’re poor, the publisher may dump the series after 2. So being able to change the plan is a plus. Best advice: make sure book 1 stands alone as best it can, then you sell that one as a book with series potential, rather than a massive cliffhanger. And if it doesn’t sell, you write something else - you can always revisit this series down the line when you’re more established. But in the query, you don’t want to talk about the 8 you have planned - that’s a conversation for much later down the line.
I love my new wip. My group loves my new wip. My agent loves my new wip. But it's going to be an even harder sell than my last book. Sigh.
YA sci-fi verging on dystopian. I love the story so I'm sticking with it for now, and I'm working towards making sure every other part of the book (so voice, length, tone etc) is as sellable as possible.
True, but sadly, when you go trade, you have to think about what agents/editors want. Either way, I'm writing the story.
Of course there are, but I'm working within the limitations of the pathway I've chosen for myself. Not every book/genre is right for self-publishing. YA for example, still performs overwhelmingly better in the trade space. Beyond that, not every author is cut out for self-publishing. I write too slow for the current self-pub best practice of releasing 2-4 books a year, and I don't have enough of a back catalogue to really drive sales. Self-publishing needs to stop being the automatic solution we give to writers whose books haven't found a place in the market. It is a wonderful solution for those who understand it, and want it - but terrible for those who'd prefer the trade route and use it as a final resort.
If you don't already, start reading books in your chosen age range - that's how you learn what kids actually like to read. Unlike adult books, children's books are almost exclusively sold on the trade side of the industry, so this isn't they type of book you can go crazy off piste with and just self-pub. The more of them you read, the more you'll know what's expected. Also, depending on what age range you're writing for, the type of prose required might be different - and so tips targeted at adult novel prose might not fit your needs exactly.
The reason verbal consent is such a hot button topic in *real life*, is that A) we have no insight into other people's minds or internal thoughts, and B) men have a habit of ignoring women's non-verbal cues - especially those that scream 'I don't want this'. On the page, it's slightly different - when you're dipping into a character's mind, you have clear ways to show the reader that they want and consent to the kiss by describing both non-verbal cues, and using introspection. This can work as effectively as out loud consent. That's not to say there aren't situations where verbal consent would work better (these get more prominent when we move from kissing to sex) - but it won't be necessary in all cases or for all characters. The idea is that your reader will go away with the impression that both parties wanted to kiss - if you can do that without having them ask - *can I kiss you*, then you're probably fine.
Here's a sobering truth: unless you learn some discipline, you'll never be a novelist. Here's a harder truth: absolutely no one will care. The world is full of people with ideas - great ideas even - but that's the problem: there are too many stories out there already, which means the only people who even get a shot of selling theirs are the ones who buckle down and do the work. That means allowing yourself to write the sucky words so that one day the words will be better. That means picking a story and sticking to it. That means pushing through even when it's not fun anymore. Novels aren't fun all the time - they're a lot of work and some of it will make you want to quit. So what will it be? Will you hold yourself accountable see something through? Or will you be just another schmuck who never wrote their book?
A few months is usually a good rule. That way, enough time has passed that agents won't think you're just throwing books at the wall in the hopes that something sticks, but not so long that you're holding up your progress in the trenches. And you can absolutely query the same agents/publishers. Writing is a game where you're expected to get better with time. A no on book 1 does not mean it'll be a no on book 2.
I don't think including a 25 line, previously poem in a 100k word novel is going to bother publishers (unless that poem was someone else's). I've seen agents talk about how it's not a concern if the whole first chapter was out there as a tease... Honestly OP, this isn't a concern. It would be a concern if you were trying to sell the poem on it's own to a publisher that was asking for first publication rights.
1) You don't need to change your flair - you were published. Plenty of books go out of print, that doesn't make them any less published, just no longer available. 2) Chances are, other publishers/agents won't be interested in these books right now. If they've already been out there, they're pretty much dead in the water, and if they never made it to shelves but were widely shopped around, agents won't want to sub them again. So I'd put them aside for now - write something new, shop that, then when your foot's in the door with a new publisher, you can revisit this series.
This is going to sound really pretentious, but I never actually *plan* my characters, they sort of build themselves as I go (I'm a panster). It's a really hard feeling to describe, but sometimes, when I'm blocking out a scene, a line or a piece of backstory will just spill onto the page, and I'll instantly know it's canon, then I'll go back and build that new piece of the character into the rest of the book where needed. This doesn't happen with every line - it's just some that instantly click and inform the character from then on. I'd say that 99% of these lines/traits end up making it through edits.
The first HP book was 76k - which granted, was on the long side for MG, but nowhere near the length of some of the later books. The point is, word limits are usually for new, unproven authors. They make selling a debut novel easier than trying to sell an epic before you have a track record of being able to shift books. If selling (to a trade publisher) is your goal, your feeling on the matter are neither here nor there, the industry norms are the industry norms, and playing by the rules makes it easier to get your foot in the door.
I imagine she'd have gotten permission from the store to do it first... They usually put 'signed by the author' stickers on them after the fact too.
Usually, if you've identified the song, even one line is too much. You'd need permission to use it.
I mean, I'd imagine so? Published authors aren't gods - they're writers just like you and me. They grow and improve their craft and therefore I'm sure they feel the same way we do when looking back on old work. Whether or not there are steps to improve the work depends on the method of publication - with self-publishing, you can always update the file if you wish, so the newer shinier version is out there for peeps. Sometimes, even trade novels undergo a little revision between print runs (though this is much rarer). But I think you'll find that most authors are more focused on their next book than their old ones. After all, the next book is the one the can sell. Besides, a book is never actually done, just abandoned. At some point, you have to move on.
If they didn't, then I imagine their publishers did.
That’s absolute bull. Some writers write for the art of it, others write with the intention of publishing. Neither approach is wrong, and one absolutely requires market knowledge.
All books are a mix of showing and telling. As long as you're engaging the right technique for the sentence/paragraph/scene you're fine.
120k is considered the top end of what a debut novelist can get published. There's no way around that. There are exceptions, sure, but on the whole, that is a very good metric to go by. People will hurry to jump in and say that *a story is as long as it needs to be*, but the reality is, when you're writing to sell market norms matter - and this one is a big one. Now, whether or not that means you're going too slow, or going to overshoot is impossible to tell. You're only on chapter 2 - you have one hell of a way to go before you get a real idea of where the book may end up. So whilst it's definitely good to keep that max word count in mind, don't over worry about it for now. It is not uncommon for new writers to vomit out 200k drafts only to find that 50% of that is rubbish that can be cut. It's not uncommon for new writers to declare every part of their novel *essential* when really, it could be pared down a lot. So write the first draft before you get ahead of yourself. If you're really worried, look up things like the MICE quotient which lay out how each character/sub plot you add will affect your potential word count. Word count absolutely does matter - especially at the beginning of your career. But actually finishing a book matter more. Because without that, you don't even have anything to sell.
Here is my question for you: are you reading books? Because this type of question usually comes from would-be writers who want to write good stories without having to read them first. Now, I never say never, but it's almost impossible to write stories people want to read without first knowing what it is your audience wants to see. Beyond that, the first question you need to ask yourself: is what do I want to write? Is it a short? A novel? A journal?... every type and genre of writing has different convention, and they've become conventions for a reason. Read in your chosen genre to find out what those are. You want an audience - you have to give them what they want. &gt; do we really have to follow that shit? No one is going to force you to do anything, but the writing world is full of first time writers who decided the rules didn't apply to them. Now, a great writer, with a deep understanding of the craft, can pretty much do what they want - because they've learned how to break the rules thoughtfully and still tell an engaging story. When a newbie does it, it usually reads like a massive trash fire. It usually reads like someone who had no idea what they were doing.
Thanks, that's nice of you to say. But trust me, nothing I do is *natural*. I may not be the dumbest person you'll ever meet, but I'm far from the smartest. I learned English at 8. I've been so immersed in for so long though, that it might as well be my first language. Still, I never learnt it the way most English speakers do. I make mistakes, a lot, on really silly things like idioms and spelling and misusing words. I do it all the time. My first novel was a disaster. To get to this point took 6+ years of *targeted* learning and immersing myself in the writing world. Blogs, forums, articles, podcasts... when I didn't know something, I looked it up. Then I joined a writing group and learned about story structure and how to take feedback and edit my work. A lot of those lessons - flow, word choice, sentence structure and variation, eliminating repetition etc, has become second nature to me over time - at least to the point that most of my everyday writing reads pretty well without trying. But trust me, if this comment was intended for publication, it would undergo 5-10 rounds of edits in order to make it really sing. My point: just because something looks easy, doesn't mean it was. My best advice to you: if you're not reading for pleasure, then chances are, you're not going to produce work others will want to read for pleasure. It's the easiest thing in the world to want to write a book. But writing that book is harder. And writing a good book is harder still. If reading is boring to you, then chances are, you're reading the wrong things. Schools often pick books that turn readers off reading. It's a shame, but there's nothing stopping you from seeking out books you *do* want to read. Books like the one you want to write. Beyond that, stop thinking of the rules as things put in place to stifle you. They're not. They're there to teach you how to write well. You learn them first, then you break them.
I'd rather not say, but yes, I do speak it. It's getting mighty rusty though.
I don't keep in touch with reddit users outside of casual comments, mostly because I spend far too much time here already but also because I like to keep a separation between my life and my online life. I am, however, always around this sub. As for your writing, I don't personally believe a reddit comment is a great measure of prose. Your comments thus far have been fine. You have a command of grammar which is a good start - but as for style, you need to write prose to discover the natural voice of your prose. Factual/opinion writing like this is a very different medium to actual storytelling. My book voice sounds nothing like my reddit voice. And it varies from book to book.
Yeah, that's not what virtue signalling is, and virtue signalling, like the term social justice warrior is just a term idiots use as an attack on people who speak out about issues that make them uncomfortable or feel bad. Both terms are used with such nauseating frequency that they're basically meaningless, at this point. And quite frankly, anyone who rushes in to attack you with them is probably not a reader you want, anyway.
There is no inherent problem in dropping a project that feels broken beyond repair. Where that's the case, it makes sense to move on. Dropping projects is only a problem if it becomes a habit that results in never finishing *anything*. Because there will always be a new shiny idea to distract you.
Plagiarism is the theft of actual words and sentences, not ideas. Lots of books share the same core idea, execution is what sets them apart.
I mean, it could. I personally love alliterative names. But it's by no means a prerequisite. Plenty of catch names don't.
Well actually, gore and violence don’t make for great scares. It might be gross, or shocking, but rarely scary. With monsters it’s what you don’t show that’s frightening. Because that way, the reader’s mind fills in the blanks, and they’re better at thinking up the things that scare them than you can ever be.
Well that depends on which kind of negative feedback you're talking about. Most of the stuff I've seen about passengers had little to do with the world and everything to do with the set up.
I have no idea what that means or why my response was offensive to you.
Usually, publishers might try to include an option clause - which gives them the option of seeing anything you write that's similar to the book they originally bought, first. Now, how narrow/far reaching that clause is depends on what you sign, but unless you've signed the worst contract in the world a publisher shouldn't have the right to keep you from selling other works they don't want to publish. But - and this is a big but. Bad contracts absolutely exist. Be very careful what you sign, especially if you don't have an agent/lawyer to guide you through the contract.
Actually, this isn't a common timeline for trade publishing - which is more like 1-2 books a year (1 is more common). At least, an author is likely to put out 1 book on each of their series a year, or under each pen name. Some diligent authors may write 3-4 and have them put out by different publishers, but the trade side moves slow. In the self-pub space, putting out books faster and building up a back catalogue is the best way to build up a paycheque so the most successful authors try to put out far more books a year.
Nope - unless they remember you as being a massive ass, there is no reason an agent won't look at a new query for a new work. Again - they expect you to get better with time, and they'd feel mighty silly if they discounted your new work without even reading the query only to realise they passed on the next [insert bestseller here]. That's partly why the query system is a thing - it gives them a fast way to evaluate projects so that they don't have to make decisions like: *no time to look at this writer's work again, they've had their chance*... you know? So you can't 'waste' as agent this way. What you can waste is a MS - usually, you only get to query each agent once with each manuscript, so make sure your query and first pages are stellar when you choose to send them.
Bar submitters actually posting a proper, industry ready 2-5 page synopsis (which they won't because people hate writing them) there is very little point in critiquing an idea. You see, an idea is rarely good or bad - how its executed makes all the difference. I'd be very wary of having unqualified strangers tell you whether a skeleton is good or bad and I highly doubt anyone could spot plot holes (at least meaningful ones) from a few paragraphs on reddit. On the other hand, if you do actually take the time to write a *proper* synopsis, then places like /r/PubTips might have avenues for helping you critique it.
Lots of writers write as a form of wish fulfilment or cathartic release. It doesn't usually make for the most publishable of books, but not everything you write needs to have a commercial purpose. You want to write the book? Write the book.
To add to this, the first 3 HP books were firmly MG before the series turned darker/older.
&gt; My girlfriend would appreciate it if I actually did more than 500 words a day. Your gf needs to take a step back. My daily goal is 200 words - that's led to 3 novels, (1 written under contract and deadline), 2 half novels and all the revisions, edits and marketing materials required to sell books. All that in 6 years. Now that's not lightning fast or anything, but it's not nothing. Not everyone can manage big numbers. Not everyone's process allows for it, nor does everyone's schedule. Having a habit you can manage *regularly* far outweighs setting yourself unachievable goals to meet. I actually just did a thread about this over on twitter: https://twitter.com/TheKateDylan/status/1074510080484139008
Nope. It needs to feel authentic and possible *in-world* but there doesn't need to be an actual explanation. Just as magic isn't usually explained. The rules of it are explained, sure, but not the root of it (unless the author wants to). Beyond that, how much you can explain will depend on your character's level of knowledge of how their own world works - if they don't have this info, the best they can do is guess at the cause.
Thanks!
As a pantser (someone who makes up the story as I go) I don't know my characters at all when I start - they grow with the story, as does my understanding of them. It's a perfectly legitimate way to write. It means you'll probably have to go back and smooth them out in the end, but hey, everybody has to edit, regardless of their process, so don't let this hold you back.
Very true.
So the first thing is that places like reddit are not good places for critique. There are a few places that allow it, but by and large, the demos here skew towards people who are not necessarily your best bet for feedback or aren't inclined to be nice. If you want meaningful feedback, you need to find a place in the writing community with people you trust - maybe that's a local writing group, or someone you've connected with on twitter - either way, don't start by sharing the whole book, exchange a chapter - get a feel for their critiquing style and whether it's what you need. Beyond that, take a long look at your manuscript and ask yourself: have I edited this enough yet? It is very hard to critique unedited work. Most people nope out after a few paragraphs because of it. So make sure you're giving the reader something they won't have to struggle through.
&gt; I think the current trend is cutesy love stories that can be made into fell good movies (Everything, Everything, Love Simon, All the boys). So, none of those books are actually that recent in terms of being released as a *book*. Simon was 2015, TATBILB 2014, Everything Everything 2015. That means those books were being shopped/sold circa 2012-2014. By the time a wave of similar movies comes out, the trend (on the publishing side of things) is usually already nearing saturation point, which is why these things are almost impossible to predict. Now, those successes may get publishers to take on a few more similar titles, but chances are, those books have already been sold.
Not only is this vanity publishing - but it's fucking extortionate at that. In real publishing, money always flows to the author. Always. Bar none. No exceptions. Period. If you're being asked for money, it's a vanity press at best, a scam at worst (if they're not honest about what they are doing). Here's the harsh reality: most publishers (bar smaller houses) don't accept un-agented submissions, so you'd need to get a literary agent first if you want to publish books. Head on over to /r/PubTips to start learning about this process. But the bottom line is: there nothing a vanity publisher can give you that you can't do yourself for far less money and self-publish. Their reach (in terms of eyes on the work) is basically non-existent. And sadly, children's books are still very much a trade publisher dominated market.
&gt; I don't mean in an offensive term. There is no way to reduce women to a money grabbing stereotype without it being offensive. &gt; since women biologically seek to marry up Women don't *biologically* do this - they have *traditionally* done this because for hundreds of years they were viewed as *property* by *men*. They were *forced* to do this. They are still forced to do this. This was decided for them by men. If you think otherwise, I can't help you. &gt; I don't know why truth is kind of misogyny. Because it is misogyny. The world is built on misogyny, social constructs are built on misogyny - it's what women are still fighting to change. And if you can't see that, then again, I urge you not to write books aimed at women.
There is no rule book for writing. There is no one way. Sure, writing every day is a great way to keep the work moving, but it's not realistic for everyone. Every one burns out eventually It's okay to rest. It's okay to put a book aside for a month or even forever. Not everything you write will sell, even after you're published. Never make the mistake of thinking that because it worked for x, it will work for you. Find the rhythm that works for you.
So here's a question for you: how many more years do you think it'll take before it will come out concrete on paper? Because here's the annoying truth: that's not how writing works. Writing is the part of storytelling that requires work. The idea part is easy. The daydreaming part is easy. The communicating those ideas in a way that people want to read is the hard part. And the sooner you start practicing, the sooner you'll get to being able write things the way you want. That means writing the bad words, and knowing that they'll be bad but that's okay because you'll fix them later. Even published authors don't start with a finished draft.
Do you know what a bigger problem than having a super long first draft is? Having a super long first draft and being convinced you need every one of those words. That's what happens to most newbie writers; they don't know enough to know that actually, few stories need to be 200k+. They cling to every word, and submit their story that way and then moan that the gatekeepers have it out for them. So as I see it, you're already ahead of the curve. You're writing, but you know a lot of it is fluff. You know you need to cut; you're aware that there may not be enough action; you'll know exactly what to focus on in the next draft. There is this fallacy in the writing world that if you just try hard enough you'll be able to write perfect first drafts. That's a lie. Whether you over write, under write, draft clean or messy, edits will have to happen. A recent story of this is V.E Schwab who has like 13 published books under her belt. She's recently talked about re-writing one of her books (Vengeful) *from scratch* because her editor told her it was a good book, but she could do better. That's a seasoned professional throwing out an entire MS. So in short - you're fine.
If you're following submission guidelines, your query is being read - agents don't just skip these for no good reason. They're looking for gems, remember? No body wants to be the idiot that passed on [bestseller] through sheer laziness. Whether your pages are being read will depend on if that query is strong - if you're getting nothing but form rejections or silence, it might not be. In which case you need to revise it - or your opening pages maybe. Beyond that, a lot of agents (unfortunately) have a 'no response means no' policy - so re-querying probably won't work unless you've made significant changes. But if the agent states on their site that they respond to all queries and you're 30-60 past their estimated response time, then you can probably nudge *once*.
&gt; since every mistake is punished tenfold if you're a guy I want to take issue with this - because if you honestly believe this, it means you're not actually looking for the actual reasons a lot of guys get criticised for their portrayal of female characters. Believe it or not, female YA readers aren't sitting around rooting for you to fail, but we have seen the same mistakes come up again and again when reading books and we no longer just keep quiet about them. So look into the manic pixie dreamgirl trope and learn why it's bad. Look into why female characters who only exist to further the guy's story/rely on a guy to save them/or have all their problems solved by a guy, is bad. Looking into why fridging your female characters is bad. Ask yourself why it is that all 'strong' female characters have to kick ass in some way instead of just being strong in all those other ways that exists. My point is that until asking strangers on reddit (which skews male btw) about what they'd like to see in female characters isn't going to fix your character problems. You need to understand the issue in order to make sure you don't fall into the same old traps.
I want to give you a couple of anecdotes now to illustrate that that A) it's not just male writers who fall into these traps, and B) that female characters as a whole are subject to far more scrutiny than male ones, regardless of the of writer's gender. Choose to read on or don't. It's up to you. B is easy to illustrate. Do a quick search into some of the things that were said about Sandhya Menon's Dimple (When Dimple met Rishi) - which is a book that fits very neatly into the genre you're talking about. Despite being written by a *female* author, that character got a lot of hate for the tiniest things that male characters get away with every day (i.e elbowing Rishi in the ribs - something his character also described doing to his brother in the same book). Dimple was referred to as abusive and violent because of it by some readers, Rishi got away scot free. The writer was a woman. There are also plenty of other example of female characters receiving hate for being unlikeable, or bratty, mean, bitchy - even when they're written by women. This isn't a phenomenon experienced only by male writers. It runs much, much deeper than that. As for A, I'd like to give you an example from my own work. When I finished book 2 of my duology, I commissioned some artwork of one of the new characters. She's described as pretty, sexy, confident, cheeky, sarcastic - so a lot of the same traits you described in your post - and the artwork very much reflected this. When I showed that artwork to one of my betas (who had already read book 1, but not book 2 - so she hadn't met this character yet) her immediate reaction was: oh! I bet she's the MC's new rival! That was her go to reaction: pretty girl so she must be the bitchy villain character. And that's a *female* reader saying that to a *female* author. That's how hard wired these tropes are (because of how common they are). In fact, the character is none of those things. She was literally written as a way of giving the MC a female friend (as there were no prominent female friendships in book 1). And here's the real kicker - she wan't my idea. She was my editor's idea. When I first conceptualised this character, she was a boy. My point? Not only male writers face scrutiny or fall into stereotypes.
&gt; The literature-sector is equally market-driven these days though This always strikes me as odd from a writer because I've never understood why 'market-driven' is a bad thing. Market driven means appealing to a bigger audience. Most writers want that. It is not a bad thing. &gt; I write about are very controversial, if there was something I couldn't budge on and had to it would get very problematic. I'm going to be blunt: if you're crossing lines an editor feels you shouldn't be, they're not going to bid on your book. No editor is going to buy an X rated novel in the hopes of selling it as a PG-13 feel good romp. It doesn't happen. Sure, writers are often asked to tone down certain elements, but that's usually on the kind of level that isn't plot destroying. If your book lives or dies by these controversial elements, then those kinds of changes aren't possible. An editor knows that. And if they need you to budge on something major, they'll probably be having that conversation before a contract is floated. &gt; if the e-book is succesful then publishing houses will be open to it anyways. Be careful with this train of thought. What we writers consider successful, and the sales level a self-published work needs to hit in order to gain publisher interest are often very different things. Want publisher interest in your self-pubbed book? You'll need tens of thousands of sales. So you have to look at both pathways critically and decide what you want and what you're prepared to do/give up for it. But whenever I see a writer say: *I'm self publishing so a potential publisher won't make me change me book...* or *because I don't want to wait around*... I always wonder if it's a defence mechanism so they don't even have to try and go for what they really want. Ultimately, only you know what's right for your book, but never let fear dictate your choice. If you want to self pub - that's great! It's 100% a legitimate way to get your work out there.
&gt; And why not? Sorry, I didn't mean for that to sound offensive, it's just that (in my experience) going into a business relationship when you believe the other party doesn't value your work or aims to fundamentally change it, usually sets the stage for trouble. Yes, publishers have to think about their bottom line, but their bottom line is good for you too - the aim is to get eyeballs on your work, and I've never been of the belief that quality and profit are mutually exclusive. Plenty of controversial literature gets published. Will you have to compromise on some things. Yes. When you sell your work it ceases being only yours. &gt; backing out after having signed, if they wouldn't budge on some point. If this is truly a concern, it's something you talk about with your agent/publisher. You can ask them to discuss their vision before you sign.
Nope. The curtains in my stories are blue for one of three reasons: - I was in a blue sort of mood that day - Nothing else in the room had thus far been described as 'blue' - The word worked with the flow of the sentence. Sometimes, they're blue for all the reasons listed above.
&gt; If I were to ever publish the book once its done could I be in legal trouble for including the lyrics? Yes. &gt; It is just a sentence, not the whole song Doesn't matter. Lyrics are tricky and almost never fall under fair use. You will almost certainly need to get permission from the copyright holder, which is often difficult and costly.
You should change the names entirely.
Is your husband perhaps guessing at what he *thinks* romance novels are like (i.e - does he actually read them?) I could totally see a non-romance reader jumping to the conclusion that all naked skin in a romance novel should be sexualised in some way, when really, the context of this scene would make that off-putting for most readers. Consent in a huge issue in most romance novels - and few of your readers would be okay with the love interest perving on the MC while she is unconscious.
There are a million ways to do it - and they'll all depend on your level of tech savvy and what apps you like, write with etc. But at the base level, what you need to remember is that the key thing is to have your work saved in more than one place at all times. I'm very low tech myself - I write in word, then upload the doc to my google drive every night. Once a week, I also back up my computer. So for me to suffer a catastrophic loss, I'd have to lose my hard drive, google would have to go down, and an external drive would have to fail. So 3 layers of security, basically. You can also just email a copy to yourself every night.
I think the key point (bear in mind, not everyone here has the means or skills to delve too deep into this stuff) is to never trust just the *one* device. The likelihood of, say, 3 separate drives dying on you at exactly the same time, is small - assuming of course you're not running 5+ year old drives. But from personal experience, I know that people tend to backup less regularly when they have to plug in a drive - thus, cloud based storage that's basically drag and drop is not just a good backup (since google's systems are less likely to fail than yours) but it's also more convenient and makes users more likely to back up regularly.
All of them technically *allow* for it. All of them will have released books that big. But those books are the exception. And they are almost never from debut authors.
The adult part of the store. To be YA, your MC needs to be a teen for the bulk of the book. In YA you will see prologues/epilogues where they are younger/older, but the meat of the book/series happens in their teens. If that doesn't apply to your work, then you are simply writing an adult novel.
&gt; Are there higher standards for an adult manuscript vs a YA manuscript? Nope. There are different standards, sure. But not higher. The only people who think YA novels are *lesser* books is adults who either don't read YA, or don't get it. Beyond that YA is INCREDIBLY saturated right now - in every genre. It's incredibly difficult to sell YA novels, and you certainly don't do it by writing a mediocre one. &gt; Other than age, what defines an "adult" book then? This is the wrong question because *nothing* defines adult books. Adult books are not like YA books or MG books - those categories come with parameters (like the age thing), adult books don't. There are literally no rules beyond publishers probably need at least 60k words to consider it a novel length work in today's market. That's it. Write your book about a 12 year old piece of anthropomorphic broccoli if you like, but if it's good enough, and contains adult themes, it'll go in that part of the story. &gt; Hypothetically, if I were to submit a query to an agent that only accepts adult and then to another that accepts only YA, is changing the age of a 19 year old main character to 17 the only thing that I have to do? If the only change you have to make is change a 19 to a 17, chances are you haven't written a book that will appeal to either audience (or hey, maybe you're a savant and wrote the world's most perfect crossover novel). To be YA, a book has to hit a combination of age, voice, themes and pace. If you're hitting all those perfectly but your MC is 19 - well then maybe it will be easy to age them down, or maybe not. Certain things that happen in college can't happen in high school for example - so that may affect your plot. Likewise, if your book feels and reads like YA, just saying the MC is 19 may not make it appealing to adult readers who prefer a different voice of book.
It's a rule about how *risky* you are. As a debut author you might sell incredibly well or bomb - the publisher doesn't know. So they have to decide whether your book is worth the extra money it would take to edit, format and print a book that's twice the size of the average. It's a cost factor, first of all. Bigger books cost more but don't sell for me. They also have to consider whether a MASSIVE book will be off-putting to some readers. It's not the same as consuming epics fics online (which you normally do chapter by chapter and not pay for). It's simply a different model. In trade fiction you have to earn the right to go off-piste, as it were. Though again, there are always exceptions.
Short answer: yes. Adult novels in *today's* market start at around 65k. Children's novels can be a little shorter (depending on age category). &gt; Or is it better to self publish? Depends on what you want to accomplish and how you want the money to work. Trade publishers pay for everything, so if you self-publish there's an upfront cost you may not recoup, and obviously, no advances. &gt; Can self published people get into bookstores? Very, very, rarely. Most of the big chains will not buy from self-publishers - they won't even buy from small publishers that don't offer a wholesale discount and returns. &gt; How do they do that? Some local stores will carry self-published books if they have a relationship with the author, or there have been some chain stores that run pilot schemes with self-pubbed novels, but the competition for those spots would be fiercer than getting a trade publisher in the first place.
&gt; which is why YA tends to use shorter sentences. They do this for pace, not necessarily complexity. But I've read plenty of YA with complex language and sentence structure that would rival any adult novel. YA is also filled with books about other cultures - so filled with terms your average western teen wouldn't be familiar with. They read them just fine. And to prove that looking for a formula is folly: &gt; I recently came across a high school vocabulary sheet with the word "intrinsic" alongside the word "vigil." I thought "intrinsic" was a common word, while I had no idea what "vigil" meant. I imagine you consider yourself fairly intelligent, and yet you didn't recognise a word I think a lot of teens would (I've seen the word vigil in plenty of YA novels). This doesn't make you stupid, or say anything about your comprehension levels. The truth is, every word is easy when you know it, but if you haven't come across it before it will seem hard and alien. If you're reading YA you'll be fine. You know what's expected.
Please read this agent response to your question: http://jetreidliterary.blogspot.com/2019/05/my-book-has-doppleganger.html
&gt; From my research, it seems that using a literary agent is likely the best bet, for ease of use and benefit of experience Not really, no - you've misunderstood the point of an agent. Agents take unpublished manuscripts and sell them to publishers - who then deal with editing, layout, cover etc. If you go this trade route, you will not be doing these things or publishing the book yourself - publishers take care of that. There is nothing to stop you trying to trade publish this co-authored book you're being paid to write (though I strongly suggest you and your client get a contract in place if you choose to do so) but it certainly won't happen on a schedule. It can take 3 months to 1+ years to query agents and find rep (you do not hire agents - they choose to rep you if they love the book). It can take another 3-12 months to sell to a publisher. The book will then come out 12-18 months after that. And that's assuming it finds rep and sells - no guarantee. Both you and your client need to be aware of the realities of trade publishing if that's what you want. Your client will not have full control of the product anyway, or the timeline.
Usually, situations like this only truly sour once money becomes involved. It's not an easy thing to navigate, and IP wise, you'll never be completely in the clear unless you have a signed (and legally binding) agreement which details who owns what, or that one party is giving up their claim altogether. But if you honestly don't intent to monetise the project, then the first step is to talk to your friend, see how they feel about you carrying on. It's unlikely they'll ever pursue legal action if there's no money, so really, it's the friendship at stake here. So talk first, see how that goes.
&gt; Would this even be considered a Young Adult book? Swearing is not the deciding factor is whether you're writing YA or not - that's going to depend on a combination of tone, themes, pace, voice and age of the MC. And since your characters are all 25+, you're not writing YA (your characters are far too old). &gt; I hate books that use placeholders for swears like freaking or heck. Nobody above 17 talks like that in reality. There are two fallacies in this argument: 1) There are plenty of people who don't curse. They exist. They like books too. 2) Book dialogue is not the same as real dialogue. Just as all those ums and errs would become tedious if faithfully transferred to the page, swearing also does not translate as well. Book dialogue is more refined than real life, which means choosing the right time to swear so that the words pack more of an impact. A good rule of thumb is to write the draft as you want, then try and strip out at least 50% of the swearing in the edit - more often than not, readers won't miss it one bit.
&gt; if you have a deal, your editor is boss. I am going to add to this on the off-chance that OP signed with a vanity press. It's quite rare to see ?! in books that come out of the big houses. I'm sure someone could point to examples, but it's quite uncommon. Vanity presses on the other hand are known for using lesser quality editors, or their house styles may not be as grammatically strict as the big guys, which is why something like this might crop up. Either way, OP, if it bothers you, you could always either change the sentence so that the ?! is unnecessary, or another grammatically correct way to show a question is heavily emphasises is to italicised the question for emphasis then end it with a ? eg: "You went to the big boss? *Are you insane*?"
&gt; you don't hear people asking for an 'adult' book, instead they call it a fantasy or historical. That's because adult books are the 'norm'. That category has been around forever, and occupies 90% of the store. So if you walk into a store, and head straight to the section labelled fantasy, you are 100% guaranteed to get an adult fantasy book. You don't need the prefix. YA, on the other hand, is a relatively new category (and like others have said, it's a category, not a genre). And while the category itself encompasses a similar range of genres as adult (fantasy, thriller, contemporary, spec, romance etc) it doesn't usually get enough space in the store for the books to be separated into individualised genre shelves - so it's all lumped together under the heading YA. Go to that section in the store and you're guaranteed to get a book for and about teens, but that book could belong to any number of genres. In online stores/catalogues - where space isn't an issue - you will see YA books labelled by their genres though. So YA fantasy, contemporary YA, etc.
Others have already left you some great comments regarding reader fatigue and the battles overshadowing everything else... so here's another thing to think about. Combat sequences in books are rarely as exciting as they are on film. Done really well, they read great, but I question most writers' ability to write a whole book of them so well that they don't start getting repetitive. So if you're going to do this, you need to figure out how you're going to differentiate the battles and make them all different and exciting - and that's no easy feat.
I'm actually surprised no one has mentioned this yet - but there is literally a story theory based around this called: *don't kill the dog*. Pretty self-explanatory really; it reflects the fact that animal deaths are far more likely to turn a reader off your story for good (i.e put the book down) than person on person violence. Therefore, you really have to consider the purpose of this act if you choose to include it. There are plenty of ways to show a character is evil so if this ends up feeling cheap and unnecessary, you'll probably lose readers.
In my last book, I had a scene where the characters were trying to escape an ambush, during which, they put their dog in the line of fire. Note from all my readers: why do they hate the dog? First note back from my editor was: let's change this, it makes it seem like they don't care about the dog. And this is despite the fact that the dog was fine, and the characters had a good reason for doing what they did. Never mess with the dog.
&gt; I am asking other writers to share what they particularly look for when they read Honestly - whatever I'm having trouble with at the time. For example, we get a lot of posts here about how to do time skips, and if I've just seen those threads, and they're front of mind, then I'll probably notice the first good time skip I come across in whatever book I'm reading. For me, it's not about *how* you read - I don't think you need to do anything special other than *read* - it's about reading *enough* that if you hear a writing related question, you can instantly think of an example of a writer that did it well. When you're reading enough to do that, then you have a whole wealth of examples to draw from when you find yourself struggling.
The better answer is unfortunately longer. It used to be that online = published. It was pretty cut and dry that way. Agents/publishers simply didn't like work that was already out there. But then publishers began to realize that online platforms can actually drive sales - so suddenly, having a million views somewhere like wattpad made them think again. Which has led us to this grey area where some consider online as published, and others don't so long as the book doesn't have an ISBN and can be taken down. So unfortunately, no solid answer. The industry is still in too much of a flux state for there to be a one size fits all answer.
I mean, if you subscribed to the 'vomit draft' method were you really expecting an easy edit? It's far easier to write when you allow yourself free creative reign without getting bogged down in the language - and it's a great way to get the story down fast without getting discouraged. But the word smithing has to be done at some point; there is no magic way to avoid that work, and yes, a lot of vomit drafts do require major, if not total, re-writes. But that's okay. That's normal. What it might not be, is right for *you*. If you find yourself dreading the edit of a vomit draft (to the point where it halts progress), you might want to try doing a little editing as you go. I, personally, vomit draft each scene, but then clean it up before moving on to the next. This takes longer, yes. And means you will likely be cleaning up things that end up getting cut. But it does make for a much easier edit at the end. Neither way of working is *wrong* - it just depends on what method gets you to the end.
There's a reason that multi-POV books usually spend equal time with each character: when you give a character their own POV, you're telling the reader they are equally important to the plot, and thus require their own arc/resolution etc. Rarely does the antagonist in a book need that. More often than not, their story is told through the eyes of the MC. Which could be why you're struggling to 'fill' chapters for your antag. New writers often default to adding POV characters because it *feels* easier than learning to convey the necessary information without breaking POV. But in most cases, that's a valuable skill to learn because it makes for a stronger narrative. Adding POVs only seems easier - it's actually not. It's hard to make the reader care about someone other than the MC enough to want to see things through their eyes. It can be jarring if after 5 chapters, you suddenly switch characters. So you need to be sure that dual POVs is right for your story and not just a cheat.
My comment wasn’t meant to say: multi-POV is bad. Multi POV novels are very much a thing. And a totally accepted and valid thing. They are necessary when a story cannot be told from one person’s POV. My comment was more addressing the fact that OP is obviously not writing that kind of story, because they’re concerned that the detail they want to get in about their antagonist won’t fill a lot of chapters. That suggests to me that maybe the antagonist doesn’t need their own POV. Most single POV stories feature an antagonist and supporting cast - but it’s all done through the MCs eyes. Which is a hard thing to learn to do well, but very valuable.
Crafting a sentence/paragraph/scene that reads *well* takes far longer than just writing out what happens as a list, or stream of consciousness. The latter is what is referred to as vomit drafting, or sometimes scene blocking. It sounds like you don't do this - you're more considered and you edit as you go. That's fine. Nothing wrong with that. It's almost always a *slower* way of working, but usually, a fast draft = longer edit, whereas a considered draft = shorter edit. So it usually balances out. The only reason editing as you go is *harder* is because you're slowing yourself down trying to get the words right at the same time as the content - which for some people, can kill the passion for telling the story. Neither way is *right* - it's all about what works for you. I used to agonise over every sentence as I wrote it - but my drafts took far too long this way. So I started scene blocking - that is, vomit drafting a scene - reducing it down to a list of actions, dialogue, and introspection that I can throw down quickly and move around until it's in the right order. But I don't leave it this way - because I don't want the draft to be this rough - that makes the edit too daunting for me. So once I've scene blocked a scene, that's when I go back and do a language scrub - which I find easier to do once the bones of the scene already exist. Otherwise, I'm trying to create content and good prose at the same time, which is harder.
Times new roman. 12 point. Double spaced. 1 inch margins. Set word to automatically indent new paragraphs (no tab key). When adding a page break for a new chapter, use insert page break instead of hitting return twenty times. That's the closest thing you'll get to a 'standard'. Because the truth is, the word processor changed the game. There is no one standard now - agents tend to ask for what they prefer. And if you set your document up correctly to begin with, changing things like fonts, margins or spacing will take seconds and won't kill your formatting.
This is getting removed because it doesn't belong here. Check our rules before posting again.
And the mod team removes posts as soon as we see them or they get reported. There is a dedicated self-promotion thread stickied at the top of the sub for personal writing. Otherwise, it's against the rules.
She walked in through the door. The ring had to be in here. It had to be. Grandma wouldn't have sold it. She loved that thing too much. Grandad gave it to her. Before he went to war. The war he never came home from. Sandra worked methodically, searching every drawer, every cupboard. One by one. But the ring wasn't there. ----------- You're just laying out what actions/thoughts/dialogue needs to go in the scene and jotting it down really fast. The grammar is off. All the sentences are sharp and choppy. But that doesn't matter. It's getting the meat of the scene down in the right order - so you can pretty it up later.
So. There's a book called Enclave which is both a great example, and a horrible example. Read the opening chapters to see how the author approached names - I actually really liked the idea. The problem was, they also named their MC 'Deuce'. And sorry, but that's a really dumb name given it's a way to say shit.
&gt; so what’s the point of trying to fit into this medium? When you go to a restaurant and pay x amount for a meal, you expect it to be of certain size or quality - that's what makes it feel like value for money. Same thing when you go to an amusement park. If you're going to queue for an hour, you want the ride to last more than 5 seconds, or it's not worth it. Books and movies are the same. You want a return on investment, whether that be in terms of time or money or enjoyment. There are business reasons for why the default has become the default (for example: editing/printing costs), but there are also audience driven reasons. We can all watch movies at home now, that doesn't mean we automatically *want* 5 hour epics. Let's face it, most of us can't spare that kind of time for 1 movie. Likewise, most readers like a book that's 80-120k. It's enough for them to get invested, but not bored. To feel like they're getting value, but not be intimidated by the time commitment required. As for actual story structures, they too have become common because they help hook and keep the reader reading. So while you can do whatever you want, there's not always a good reason to stray off the path. It could be that your story requires a new approach - but to be honest, most new writers start off wanting to re-invent the wheel, simply because it's easier than actually learning how to construct a good wheel in the first place. *My story is the exception* is sadly not an exceptional thought - we all think it. But 99% of these first novels are trash because they lack all the story beats that readers want from stories.
Vanity presses are never a good deal. They make their money from you, not selling books - and that 8% royalty means nothing if you never actually sell any copies. Basically - you're paying AND giving away 92% of your royalties for substandard editing, a sub standard cover (that's common with vanity presses - a substandard service) and someone to upload it to amazon. For the same money you could probably pay for your own editing and cover, which you can better quality control, and then self publish. At least then you'll keep like 80% of your royalties after amazon takes its cut. Basically, vanity publishers are NEVER a *good* deal. In trade publishing money should always flow to the author.
&gt; I’ve read things lately that basically say NEVER use them in fiction. Ignore them. &gt; Another one, is adverbs. Stephen King has gone so far to say that the road to hell is paved in adverbs. And yet, Stephen King – GASPS – uses them. These 'rules' are almost always aimed at new writers who default to crutch techniques and over use these things even though there are better techniques out there. But once you know these other techniques, you learn how to balance your prose. With writing rules, the trick is always to understand *why* the rule has become a rule. Do that, and you'll know when and how to break it thoughtfully.
Hey, I'm almost 4 novels in – two of them sold – and my first drafts are still riddled with crutches. That's normal. It doesn't go away just because you're not a 'new' writer anymore. You just need to learn to edit out the superfluous ones, is all. And you get a little better at curbing the need to bloody the page with them.
Is it trade, or self published?
Queries almost always go to a dedicated inbox - or are sorted into one without being read immediately. Then when an agent has time, they'll sit down and go through a bunch - and they'll try to do that in the order the queries came. So it really doesn't matter. Your query isn't competing with an agent's regular email.
&gt; My question is: is it okay for the draft to be much shorter than the final work Yes. &gt; can I just add more details and filler? Details and plot, yes. Filler, no. At 17k, I doubt you're *only* missing details - you're likely missing *plot*. And since the average adult novel in todays market starts at 65k (not 35k) I'm guessing you're missing a lot of plot. Stories require a certain amount of beats to reach novel length - you should read up on story structure to learn how these beats work.
Read, read, read contemporary YA romances. This category does everything you're trying to do.
First off, the term you're looking for is middle-grade novel. That's what you've written, and that's the age category it fits into. Next, can I ask why you don't want an agent? With children's publishing, getting a big publisher is pretty key as distribution is basically all stores, libraries and schools. If your publisher cant' do that, then your book is unlikely to do well. Which is why the big guys are king in this category - and the big guys almost never accept unsolicited MS. So why no agent? And, just for the record, querying agents comes before querying publishers - not after. Agents like a MS to not have made the rounds before they send it out. So sending it out yourself is kind of counter intuitive.
Can I be real honest with you? If this is the first time you're hearing the term 'middle-grade' - you are not ready to sell a MG novel. You have to know your category. You have to know your market, and your audience, and what's selling. You can't do that if you're not reading modern releases in that category, and you've obviously not been doing that since you didn't even know what you've written. I apologise if that sounds harsh, but trust me, you need to hear it. You get 1 shot per agent/publisher with each manuscript. Don't blow it by submitting unprepared. Sit on this MS for 3 months. During that time, read 10 MG novels like it released in the last 5 years. And find some beta readers who are familiar with the category for feedback as well (not friends or family) If after doing that you still feel your MS is up to scratch, start querying. Otherwise, revise until you're confident and then submit. Publishing moves at a glacial pace - a few extra months will cost you nothing, but they may save your MS from getting rejected across the board. &gt; I've been pressured by some family members who've been produced in theater rather than published books Never - EVER - let yourself be pressured by people who don't understand publishing. It does not work the same as theatre. You can absolutely get a MS picked up by the big houses as a nobody in publishing. But you have to be smart, and go about it the right way. The right way is to go big to small - not the other way around. Agent first. If that fails, then the small pubs will still be there.
What you're doing sounds right. Remember that chapters often help readers find their place - having 4 chapter 1's confuses that.
Well that depends. Is this Bob's first novel? If so, probably not so well. Is Bob well read in his genre? Does he have a good idea of the emotional beats his audience expects? If yes, the odds of him getting it right go up, if no, they go down. Has Bob ever gone through editorial/had his work critiqued? If yes, he'll have learnt what tends to work and what doesn't. Writing is a skill. The more practiced you are, the more likely it is you'll be able to draft stronger work and be objective about it from the go. Which doesn't mean we always get it right. Even the pros need editing - but over time, we do get better at building our stories right.
&gt; So how does one recover from a setback this massive? You have 2 options here: 1) kill the idea. If it's inherently broken and unviable, walk away. Writing is hard enough, don't waste time on things that don't work, no matter how much you love them. 2) work to find a solution. Every author faces this at some point or another. Maybe it's a plot hole they find while drafting, or maybe their editor requires a major change for marketability. Either way, problem solving is our job. You'll be doing it all the time if you want to make this your career. So sit down and deconstruct - work the problem until you find a solution. If there isn't one, see #1.
Foreshadowing maybe?
Usually, a magical object of some kind that the MC must get in order to achieve their goal.
Yeah, the honeymoon period is over. Stories are always exciting at first. You have a ton of ideas, and nothing is hard yet because your brain hasn't noticed the holes or the things that aren't working, or you haven't hit a transition you couldn't figure out yet. But all of these things tend to creep in after the first 20k or so. This is exactly why 'the saggy middle' is a thing. If you're finding yourself really stuck, it might be that you need to brainstorm and lightly outline where you go from here before writing the next bit. Also, don't be afraid to skip ahead. It's okay to leave a scene unfinished if you have ideas for the next one. But really, it comes down to pushing through and writing even though it now feels like work.
OOOOOH a german writer amongst us! If you have any knowledge of the YA landscape in your market (and are happy to share your knowledge) please drop me a DM - I'd love to chat!
I was writing (seriously) for approx 4.5 years before I made my first sale - 2 books. Until the books are out, I don't know if I'll ever earn out my advance, but that's income I've made.
When these two books are out - two.
Exactly why I try to limit it. To once a sentence.
No worries - something else to keep in mind is what kind of author do you want to be? What will the next book look like? It's not that you have to only write one thing, but at the start of your career, you want to build a reader base - and that's easier to do if you stick to one category for the first few books. So what's the plan? What can you see yourself writing for the foreseeable future? It's rare to get a book that could easily go either way, so having found yourself in this situation, have a good think about which direction is of greater benefit to you.
I can only respond to the post I see - and if one of my friends referred to my work as: *shallow escapism with nothing real to say* or suggested that I'm *person who can just crank out ideas like cheap toys while he’s more of the thoughtful type who puts real effort into what he’s doing* - I'd confidently call them a dick. Did this person actually say exactly this - I don't know. But I'm choosing to assume OP isn't making it up. And even if their work is *awful*, this type of comment really doesn't help them. &gt; I think it is also very important to make a distinction between YA and adult fiction There *absolutely* is a distinction - but it's rarely the one people think. And when people (especially on this sub) start hammering it, they always go in with the same general gripe: simple, derivative, unimaginative. Those people are generally those who haven't picked up a YA book since Twilight or the Hunger Games came out. They're commenting on a category they've had no experience with in over a decade. &gt; one has the right to prefer one over the other. Of course. I prefer YA over adult (as you might have guessed) - but the way we talk about work matters. In the same way that lit fic writers used to (and still do) look down their nose at genre writers. But I think anyone who's read a modern fantasy or sci-fi book knows that the genres have come a long way from the pulp novels of the 70's. My point is - certain ways of talking about certain categories and genres are never constructive.
Of course it's *okay*if you're just writing for fun. The problem is, it's going to hold you back if you ever want to sell your work to actual readers. Audiences know what they like. When they pick up a thriller they're expecting X. When they pick up a romance, they're expecting Y. You're not going to know what readers want if you're not reading - at the very least, in your chosen genre. Beyond that, reading helps because every time you get stuck in your own work and don't know how to solve it, you can look at what others have done in the same situation. You need to be reading enough so that when your brain goes: *I wish I knew how to time skip* - you can immediately think of a book that did it well and use it as inspiration. That's how we learn to tell stories in a way readers want to read them.
it really helps to keep in mind the *purpose* of a synopsis when writing one. Basically - your query has gotten the agent excited. That had the voice and punch. What then (usually) happens is that they'll read the sample pages - so your writing voice and worldbuilding, they'll see all that there. By the time they look at the synopsis, they'll know you can write. All that's left is to see whether you can tell *a story*. That's what the synopsis is for. It's a step by step guide to the story beats in your story. That's it. It doesn't need to be voicey, or show worldbuilding, or be beautifully written - it just needs to show them the direction of the story. So keep it to the main plot, sub plots and characters. Reveal all big twists. You do not need to include everything, or backstory - just the main beats.
I want to add to this, because 'bad rep' is not the only issue at play here. Publishing is still in this awkward space where books about LGBT characters and POC are still very much a 'niche' thing. They shouldn't be, and that's slowly changing, but that's where we're currently at. What that means is that publishers often only buy 1 'gay' book, or 1 'black' book - whereas they don't place a limit on the number of 'regular' books they buy (i.e books about straight/white characters). That makes it doubly hard for LGBT authors, or POC authors who want to write about characters that share their marginalisation to get their foot in the door because *sorry, we already have a black book on our list...* Many times, that book will have come from a white/straight writer. None of which is to say that LGBT/POC authors are out there saying: *Stay in your lane! don't write books that feature people like us.* The conversation is about whether we should be writing books about the *experience* of being black or gay, at a time where black/gay writers are struggling to get those same books published themselves. Think The Hate U Give. A book about the *experience* of being black in America. Would that book have had as much cultural significance had it not been written by a black woman - a demo that has traditionally been shut out of the industry? Anyway, that's the conversation. The conversation has never been: white/straight people aren't allowed to write POC/LGBT characters. Whether you agree with this conversation or not is an entirely personal issue, and absolutely no one is going to stop you from writing this kind of story. But if you do, you absolutely have to get it right. Because when you choose to speak *for* a culture you're not intimately familiar, you can't be surprised when people get upset you did it badly. There was a really great review of a book called My Brother's name is Jessica which explained this much better than I just did - you can read it here: http://medievaljenga.com/my-brothers-name-is-jessica-by-john-boyne
&gt; That's what I see... That's most people's gut reaction to the conversation - which is probably because a lot of these discussions are happening on Twitter, where nuance is easily lost and people don't read past the first tweet. But if you actually listen to POC and LGBT authors who speak out on the subject (read their articles, not the articles written about the hate culture on twitter), you'll see that this is what they're saying.
&gt; because it's gay romance with dragons I just read a gay romance with demons which also touched on sexual slavery - and this is in YA. Nothing about what you're saying makes your book unpublishable. It's still harder to publish, yes, but not impossible. VE Schwab who publishes through tor writes plenty of LGBT characters in fantasy novels.
Sadly, you do get several years of articles quoting all the wrong people to throw fuel on the fire. I was around Twitter for all three controversies this year - and all three three started as a legitimate critique. But YA is a blood sport now for many magazines, so these critiques are not what they run with. Don’t get me wrong - twitter is awful in this respect. The pile ons are awful. The culture is awful. In fact, for the last controversy, some authors kept quite until the received harassment for *not* speaking up. But before it devolved, the critiques were grounded in an actual problem. And this matters when you’re writing for teens. Edit to add: I should mention that while I don’t always agree with the original critiques that spark the debates (and have not read all the books in question - it’s important that debates are allowed to take place. We do however really need to find a better way to have those conversations. Twitter is not a help in this respect.
&gt; Just need an outside opinion if that's okay. If selling is the ultimate goal, look at your genre and let that guide your decision. In YA, for example, first and third are equally accepted so you can pick whichever you want. In some adult genres, on the other hand, third is the overwhelming norm. If that's the case in yours, and you like both equally, you have your answer. When selling is the goal, learning to keep an eye on market realities is important. It shouldn't dictate EVERY decision you make, but it should inform them. that's how you give your book the best chance.
So I don't need to read the article, because the name on it tells me everything I need to know. Jesse Singal is the absolute worst for turning twitter discussions into a blame game free for all. From another comment I made on this thread: &gt; Sadly, you do get several years of articles quoting all the wrong people to throw fuel on the fire. I was around Twitter for all three controversies this year - and all three three started as a legitimate critique. But YA is a blood sport now for many magazines, so these critiques are not what they run with. Don’t get me wrong - twitter is awful in this respect. The pile ons are awful. The culture is awful. In fact, for the last controversy, some authors kept quiet until they received harassment for not speaking up. But before it devolved, the critiques were grounded in an actual problem. Jesse Singal is part of the problem I mention here. He doesn't read or write YA. He doesn't care about whether the critiques are pertinent because these are books for teens. His MO is fueling the argument for sport. And he specifically targets WOC when he does it. Pay attention to the language he uses in tweets and articles. Who he calls out and who he protects. See if you can spot the actual target of his attacks. Like I said - yes, there is a toxic culture on twitter. Yes these things get out of hand. But articles like this are largely the reason why. It's also worth noting that publishers contribute to the problem. When a white author becomes the target of these critiques, they stand by them. When it's an author of colour, they often leave them to fend for themselves.
I think the two mediums are very different. I think visual tricks work because they're subtle - you don't always notice them, because a good DOP integrates these touches into the overall frame, whereas when we read, details tend to draw more attention. That said, I've read books where colour of clothing plays an important part - but it usually makes sense for the story. OP is literally saying that these symbolic names don't - and when that's the case, I feel it's detrimental. I don't go around spewing hate about all symbolism, if that's what you mean though. If an author can find a way to work in details in a seamless way, they don't bother me, no.
Lol. I will never - ever - not make this mistake. Sigh.
This actually works with more than just comedy. You can hide foreshadowing in description, introspection, dialogue, exposition, characterisation... pretty much anywhere. The trick is to bury the lede. Surround the information with other information so it doesn't stand out as much.
Under the pen name Robert Galbraith. It's a whole series that has since been adapted for TV.
&gt; but for writers just starting out, can it be a dangerous thing to do? It's not dangerous - it just means you're splitting your focus, which can mean that it takes you longer to build a readership. Your YA readers, for example, might not be interested in your dark adult fantasy, so when you switch, you're starting back at square 1. Also true because the publisher who bought your YA novel, likely doesn't buy adult fantasy - that would be handled by a different imprint. That's why most agents and publishers prefer you to stick to one at the *beginning* of your career. Once you're established though, there's much more leeway.
&gt; So what’s the point? You get to jump the queue, as it were - and add an additional opportunity to impress the agent. Because of all the hype around popular pitches, an agent is likely to prioritise these queries in case other agents offer on them first. Also - if your query is a bit on the weak side, having a standout pitch might persuade the agent to keep reading on regardless. Finally, it's a way to potentially connect with agents you didn't have on your query list.
Look it up. For the longest time I thought the idiom was: bury the lead... But it's actually: *bury the lede* *US* *fail to emphasize the most important part of a story or account.* *"one should always listen carefully to the president, as he has a tendency to bury the lede"* (taken from the dictionary on google)
The youngest trade published author (novel) I've heard of was 14. Which should prove that there is no age requirement. Selling to a publisher might be trickier in that you'll likely need parental consent/ a guardian to co-sign the contract - and of course pre-18, tax stuff is always fun. But those things won't matter if a publisher wants your book. The reason you don't see a lot of very young writers, is that it takes time to learn how to write something that'll sell. But trust me, if you write the next Harry Potter at 15, publishers will love the fact you're young - it makes for a very sellable story.
&gt; If I wanted to have complete and total freedom to design my own cover art, website, promotional material, etc etc, would I still have that ability if I go through a publisher? Nope. Your publisher has absolute control over the cover. Most contracts (especially for new authors) don't even grant you *approval* of artworks, let alone design freedom. If you're lucky, your editor will ask for your ideas - which they may or may not choose to run with. And most of the time, if you absolutely HATE your cover, your agent can help get your publisher to re-design. But not always. Beyond that, when you sell to a publisher, you also give up control of the *content*. You will be asked to make edits by your agent. You will be asked to make more edits by your editor. You will not be able to say no to everything they ask. You'll have to work with them to get the MS to a level you both find acceptable.
&gt; The thing about 1st is that it should be built around a turning point, or a main part of the character's life that spells a great change This is true for pretty much all stories... &gt; It's a matter of perspective and opinion, I guess. Yep, 100%. But I'm not sure you're in the majority here... Not liking first person is a very common sentiment (and I get it), but functionally, first and close limited third work exactly the same. If you don't see the value in one, the other is unlikely to work for you either.
Ok... but your assertion really doesn't seem rooted in anything but personal opinion – it's certainly not rooted in craft. It's perfectly fine for this to be your opinion, but if you're trying to be objective, you'd need to point to a reason that's not your personal opinion.
sorry - there was a typo there - I meant: do you also have these feelings towards authors who published books you don't like? Because your post made it sound like you didn't like her book even before it garnered attention - in which case, you're allowed to not like the book. If you're thinking about this a lot, it might be that your are experiencing professional jealousy. That's normal. We all get it from time to time. It's how we deal with it that matters. So long as you notice the problem, and check yourself before you do or say something that will upset her and reflect badly on you, you're fine. It will pass. And the more time you spend around other authors, the more you'll learn that this isn't a zero sum game.
There are MANY legitimate reasons for using a pen name. Anonymity is one. Writing in such different genres that audience crossover is potentially harmful - i.e for authors who want to write erotica and children's novels. Lots of men writing romance, or women writing horror/crime novels write under not only a different name, but a name of a different gender, because the markets are dominated by women/men respectively. Even Harry Potter was put out under a pen name of sorts - she used JK instead of Joanne because 'boys don't like books by girls' is still a prominent way of thinking. Beyond that, it could be a simple case of your real name is too long/hard to spell/another author is already using it. I honestly can't say why Rowling picked a different name for her crime thrillers. My guess would be to avoid having hardcore thriller readers snub her books because she writes 'books for kids'. But hey, maybe she just wanted to see if she could sell books without leveraging her real name. It really doesn't matter. Pen names are way more common than you'd think in this industry - but shame rarely has anything to do with it.
&gt; What gives? Just because a book releases at 100k+ words, doesn't meant it sold or found rep that way. Going over 100k when your editor asked you to is fine and doesn't hurt you. Querying outside word count norms, on the other hand, does.
Using your real name isn't a problem because it automatically makes the story non-fiction (I'm assuming it is fiction), it's usually not done because it's a little cringe worthy. Self-insert is a dirty word in fiction for a reason - usually, self-insert characters aren't very interesting. And if you share a name with your MC, that's what people are going to assume is happening.
There's a false equivalency here... you can absolutely be descriptive while keeping the prose simple. The two are not mutually exclusive. A good descriptive passage A) doesn't drag on too long, B) gives the reader a clear visual, C) fits the tone and voice of the story. That means your description can be simple, or literary, or a anything in between.
&gt; Is there any advice or places publisher children's authors are able to direct me too? The big guys - especially on the children's side of the industry rarely accept work straight from authors, you'll need an agent. You should research agents who rep your kind of book. I kind of wish you'd done that because there are a couple of issues now: It sounds to me (but correct me if I'm wrong) like you've written a picture book, and that's a problem because PB are usually closer to 1k in length, not 10k. Also, publishers are usually in charge of commissioning the illustrations. If it's not a picture book then you need to figure out where in the market you sit. Is it a chapter book? For early readers? Middle grade? (pro tip - you're far too short for MG) What this book is, is going to determine who you send it to. (Chapter book might also fit what you've got - but it's an incredibly difficult area to get into as a debut - as publishers often tap their established authors for these) But honestly, your first stop should be to research the hell out of this market because your book feels to me as if it might exist outside of an established category - which will make it a hard sell. I'm not an expert in young children's books though, so here's a link to get you started http://literaticat.blogspot.com/2011/05/wordcount-dracula.html
Thanks, I guess. Though this wasn't really about me or my work. It's about knowing when it's okay to break the rules and when advising new writers to do so does more harm than good.
That’s really not what this is though. Word count is a guide. It says: if you want to trade publish, your book should be between x-xx words. It’s not the same as saying ‘add filler’ or ‘cut too much’. It’s just presenting the market reality. The onus is then on the writer to figure out how to make that work. Usually, that requires reading up on story craft so that you can build the right number of story beats into the story.
Generally speaking, most genres of adult novels start around 65k in today’s market. There will be exceptions (and like you say, genre plays a big role) but 55k is on the short side even for lit fic (from a debut). Even for YA 55k is a little short. For MG it would be fine. But going by OPs original question, I think they know they’re short for their genre. They actually came here looking for practical advice on how properly flesh out a novel length work - which is why I commented as I did. Telling people not to worry about word count when they’ve stated they want to publish and know they’re short helps no one.
You could say that about literally any type of character from any type of genre. But for what OP wants to learn, YA is the best category to look at.
The book The Poppy War addresses this really. The MC there comes from a neglectful family who never teach her about periods - so when she gets hers, she legit thinks she’s dying. And it read as authentic, because if you don’t know what it means, periods would be terrifying. In his books, Joe Abercrombie has a female character stop a poisoning plot because she wakes up in the middle of the night having got her period and spots the killer on her way to the bathroom. The point is - your characters upbringing will absolutely impact her reaction to something like her period. The world she lives in will affect how it affects her. And there are ways to work it into the book that makes sense. Or you can just ignore it.
I think the first thing you need to do is let go of is this idea that you've *lost* something. It's easy to be creative as a child. You have very few responsibilities, a lot of spare time, too many feelings, and no real standards. Writing under those conditions is easy. But you're an adult now, and like it or not, life is going to get in the way. You're going to be tired, and stressed, and worrying about money, and you've matured now, so you'll be looking at your work through much more critical eyes. So if you hold yourself up to the same standard as when you were a teen, of course it'll feel like failure. Allow yourself to go back to zero. Only writing 120 words feels like a failure, but it's 120 words you didn't have before. For reference, when I'm working, my daily goal is 200. That's roughly a novel in a year. And using that model, I've written almost 4 novels in 6 years. So sit down and get that 100 words out. Do it again tomorrow. It'll take a while, but you'll get back into it.
&gt; But we don't get to write reality, we get to write fiction. I think the problem with 'breasts' in fiction, is that writers (male writers in particular) actually skew more towards fiction than reality. As a woman, I actually do notice my breasts. The underside gets sweaty when it's hot. It can hurt to exercise (bounce). They swell and ache when I'm on my period. Buying button up shirts is a nightmare if your chest isn't exactly proportional to the rest of your body. I get self-conscious that people notice them. The problem is, this isn't the stuff that makes it into books. When boobs in books bounce, it's sexy, not painful (plot twist - no) Popping a button in books is sexy instead of horrifying (plot twist - no). No one complains about having to shell out for bras. Boobs can absolutely be important to a character - a lot of high school coming of age stories feature girls obsessing about their books - because teen girls do do that. But it needs to be through the right lens. And it rarely is.
&gt; Fuck it, its good enough With every book there comes a point where you have to say this - books are never done, they're simply abandoned and released into the world. However, I would caution against doing this with your opening. Your opening is literally the most important part of the book. It's what determines whether an agent/editor/reader will keep reading your book. If your gut is telling you it's off... it's probably off. And yeah, first chapters are often the ones which change the most and the most often. This is normal. Most of us write the opening before we really understand the book, so it makes sense for it to change as the story evolves. If you're unsure, get a couple of your favourite openings out to beta readers and see if their feedback shakes an idea loose.
Word of warning: bad developmental editing can literally ruin books. And that's essentially what your friend is offering (that's what it's called). The whole point of developmental editing is to make your book stronger, and more marketable (especially since I noticed you say you want to sell to a publisher). That's why most developmental editors are so expensive: they usually have A) a lot of experience in your specific genre, and B) actual industry experience. If they don't have these things, there's no guarantee that their suggestions will actually make the book better. So if this person is not an expert in your genre, with industry knowledge, you're far better off looking for 3-5 beta readers who are avid readers in your genre.
90k is the sweet spot for many genres if you want to *sell to a trade publisher.* The last part of that sentence is the important one: when selling to a publisher is your goal, you have to play by market rules. So here's the market reality: 160k is too long in pretty much every genre for a debut writer. Agents will look for reasons to turn it down, editors will face pushback trying to acquire it. That's because a 160k book costs more to produce than a 90k one - but they're still charging the same. Big names and established guys get to do it because their publishers trust they'll shift copies. As a debut, you're making life harder for yourself. Reader preferences play a role here too. Some readers love a big book, others balk at them. The bigger the book, the more readers you're likely to turn off. Though this is less true in the more epic genres though. That's why it's always important to know the norms - even if you're planning to self-publish. Side note - at 160k, your book is going to cost twice as much to edit and print on demand if self-publishing. That's why this is important.
Ok - so epic sci fi gets a bit more leeway because of the world building involved. If it’s adult, keep it under 125k and you should be fine.
&gt; I have three debut novels So, not to be a downer... but you can only have one debut novel... unless you're writing under multiple pen names and/or in different genres...
I mean theoretically, it's possible. But you're really only gaming yourself, not the system. &gt; have them picked up by three different publishing houses at once Unless all three houses have someone missed the fact that their author is also selling elsewhere (which is allowed) there is no way all three books release at once (there's actually just no way this happens - how would anyone manage editorial on all three books at once? There's a reason a good agent manages your sales so you don't get yourself into impossible situations like this). That's also not in anyone's best interest - let alone yours. You're literally cannibalising your own sales since most readers won't buy one of each (not at once, anyway). Same with self-publishing - putting out three books at once splits your audience. Also - debut is a label we assign to an author's first book. So sure, you could call all three a debut, but hey, I call myself Steve. that doesn't make it my name.
Ha. Blame it on the fighting mood I'm in. Seriously though, debut is a label that's infinitely more important on the trade side (it's a marketing thing and it can determine what publishers offer for a book) - and when you're on that side of the industry, no one is going to let you make a faux pas like calling more than one novel your debut. What you can do is have a debut in different genres - i.e *her debut thriller*... Or, if a poor sales record is making publishers nervous about you, you might choose to rebrand under a different name and debut again. But you'd never do all these things at the same time.
I literally just edited my comment to add some - lol. Be careful with your reference books - neither brave new world or 1984 are YA. They're bleak books, where YA doesn't tend to be bleak. These series usually end on a hopeful note because YA tends to skew towards hopeful (not happy, but hopeful) and it's hard to be hopeful if everything is just shit forever with no change coming. &gt; It seems like most newer YA/dystopian series do end with a government overthrow. The big franchises maybe - but you absolutely need to be reading widely in this category. Usually people who say all YA has the same ending, are only looking at the movie tie ins.
&gt; The only one that I found that would allow it requires me to critique other peoples writing Yeah, you're going to find that this is the model pretty much everywhere. I mean, we have a dedicated critique thread here, but you'll find there's 10 times more writers wanting to get a free critique than willing to give one. Why? Because critiquing takes time - especially when you're critiquing new writers who are prone to making many mistakes. Which is why the writing community is build on this system of exchange. &gt; But I hardly feel qualified to give any critique to anybody at my current level of experience Everyone is qualified to say what they liked or didn't. If you're a writer, it's safe to assume you're a reader (or it should be) which means you know what works for you in a book. So comment on that. I liked this. This confused me. I got bored here... you don't have to critique things like structure and grammar if you're not confident. But you should try to get confident over time.
When someone says the prose was bad, they mean they didn't enjoy reading it, or found it hard to read, or they didn't like the style in which it was written. But when it comes to prose, good/bad is a subjective metric.
I actually don't think this information is made widely available. Booksellers are able to look it up using something called Bookscan. But there are some sales Bookscan doesn't always account for. I can tell you that 600k is a MASSIVE number though.
Right yeah - if you used the terms AMA in the original - that would have done it too (we pre-screen those). But without it, your post is simply self-congratulatory. It won't start a discussion. At best, you'll get a couple of questions but a 100 congrats comments. And whilst I hate to deny another writer those, that does mean this post goes against sub rules. If you want to post this, consider re-writing the post to reflect about what you learnt, your journey etc. How you actually went from zero to published etc. Something others can question and learn from.
&gt; So are you suggesting having them (the twins) both be dudes instead and kill off the non-MC twin? And have the bodyguard grieve over his best friend? Based on the info I got from your post, I think this was my rough suggestion yes - though it was just a suggestion to show how you could achieve the same emotional impact without killing off a woman. Basically, I'm suggesting you not kill a *woman* to further the story of two *men* - because that's the eye roll inducing trope you mentioned in your OP. The actual connections between them are un-important, you can make their relationships whatever you want - I was just giving you an off-the-cuff example of how else it could work. I haven't watched Merlin, so I don't know what vibes you're getting - but trust me, this dynamic is far less cliche than the one you're originally suggesting. The over arching point here is about fridging - which is something that A) happens A LOT, B) almost always happens to women, and C) bugs lots of readers. That's what you need to be thinking about. Starting a story with a death is really only a problem when you fall into these annoying tropes.
&gt; lol, i don't think many professionals think about shelf-space. Most professionals got to where they are by knowing and playing by market rules. When you're a big name, you don't have to think about shelf space, as a debut, you absolutely do.
We can close this out. But for others reading: I am *not* talking about vanity publishers. I am talking about the *major publishing houses*. The big 5 keep an eye on word count far more than vanity publishers because vanity publishers make their money off the *author* - they don't care how big your book is because you're the one paying costs. The big guys have to care because they're footing the bill.
&gt; You guys might be all like, "A good writer would give the kids parents and still make it work." Sure. That may be true. But hey...I'm just being honest. Funny story, I did this with my duo, and actually, it was one of the hardest things to get right during edits, because when parents are in the picture, it's incredibly hard to put the weight of the world on the teen's shoulders. Honestly, don't listen to the voices that say: good writers could do it. I mean, sure, they can. But sometimes, there's a reason why tropes become the norm. That said, there are plenty of ways to get parents out of the picture: boarding school, estrangement, neglect, death, work long hours, aren't in the new world with the MC... or, you could just build your world in a way that kids gain autonomy at 16 or so - lots of stories do that, where the parents cease to control their lives earlier than they do in our world.
1) If you're having these thoughts, I urge you to seek help. Grief is no joke - don't suffer in silence. 2) I want you to go over to twitter, and scroll through the #authorstats Why? Because you need to understand that not selling your first novel does not = failure. So go look at that feed, it's going to show you, without a shadow of a doubt, that most writers don't sell their first. Most writers don't even sell the first novel they land an agent with. This business is hard and fickle and often has very little to do with skill and everything to do with timing a marketability. I won't lie, you were a bit naive going into a creative degree thinking that's all it would take to make it in this business, but that doesn't mean the degree is worthless. Plenty of places of work look for a degree as a point of entry - but don't care what that degree is in. So it's not time wasted. Keep writing, keep honing, keep learning. Learn about the industry as well as the craft. There is no reason you can't make it one day.
Cool - well, definitely get it out to some beta readers. Agents should not be the first pair of outside eyes on any MS.
Go read Aurora rising - recent YA sci-fi release that will answer all your questions.
Not to sound harsh, but are you reading books? If not, go grab one. Examine the mix of description, dialogue, action, introspection and exposition that the author uses. You don't just say: they went to the mall and it exploded and they were hurt but not dead. You show them going to the mall, they talk, the describe the mall, they live through the explosion....
It could literally go either way. Given the info you've provided, it feels like A speaks the first line, but since you'd never actually write anything this way, that's not necessarily true. The context leading up to this dialogue would determine who the first speaker is and this piece of dialogue could easily be a part of a larger conversation where B speaks that first line.
No - but you're not working hard enough to ask *why*. If you're writing a contemporary novel, it stands to reason your characters will have standard names. If they don't, it's usually a piece of characterization - i.e *my parents were hippies who called me sunshine, or my mum was a massive Gwyneth Paltrow fan so she called me Apple...* In fantasy novels, where the setting is fantastical, 'Gary' would probably sounds all kinds of wring, so the author gets as equally creative with names.
Yes, but you're not a Renaissance artist, and the publishing world doesn't work the way the art world did hundreds of years ago - so you're comparing apples to oranges here. In the publishing sphere, what you are doing is literally hiring a ghostwriter to write the story you've come up with - you provide guide notes, they do the writing, you clean it up. That's textbook ghostwriting - and your Renaissance artist thing won't fly with pretty much anyone who knows this industry.
I think I mentioned in my original comment that it probably wouldn't - depending on your readership. The casual Tom Clancy reader, for example, knows that TC isn't writing the books anymore, because he's dead. They're not buying into him - they're buying into books that feel like they're written by him. In other genres, where the fandom is equally invested in the author as they are in a book, readers might feel cheated - especially if you talk about writing them, and then they discover you actually didn't. This isn't a moral issue though - ghostwriting is not a new phenomenon.
And yet, you still wouldn't have written the first draft. I don't know why you're arguing this - if you're self-publishing, you can do whatever you want - there's no publisher to call you out. You can negotiate the credit thing with your ghostwriter. You can then tell your readers whatever you want. But if you looked up that # I linked in my first comment, you'l see what happens when an author lies about writing their own books and is found out.
90 days is the standard before nudging. As for trying to interpret: *might take me a little bit to get to this, but hope to sooner rather than later*... stop driving yourself mad. It means exactly what it sounds like: *this is unlikely to happen immediately but I will get to it as soon as I can.* And it's 100% because they're busy.
Well, you're asking a bunch of writers - who pour their hearts into their first drafts - what they think of buying your way out of that work. What did you think would happen? What did you hope to achieve? Bottom line is, there is nothing legally or morally wrong with paying other people to write your first drafts. But yes, some writers and readers will find it distasteful and choose not to support your books. That number will go up if you publicly lie about doing it and are found out. The casual reader probably won't care. But you can't come to a writing forum, tell us all you want to buy the answers to the test and expect us to give you a pat on the back. By buying the answers you've made it that much harder for the rest of us to get the top score - so do it or don't, but don't ask us to be happy about it.
So sadly, you can't speak to a literary agent for 'guidance'. That's not really how this works. At best, you could submit a question to an agent who has a blog with an ask box and hope they'll answer it - but no guarantee. Let's put it this way: agents are too busy, and have too many authors querying them to court those who aren't sure they want an agent (unless they've stumbled across your work by accident and decided they must rep it - but this is like getting hit by lightning). That means the onus is on YOU to do the research into whether you want an agent or whether you want to self-publish. Head on over to /r/PubTips to start learning about the process (there is a lot to learn) But here are some things to think about: - Trade publishing, and finding rep for a novel is a slow process. Be prepared to spend 3-12 months looking for an agent, another 3-6 months or so refining the novel with them, then another 3-12 months on submission. If you sell, the book will be out 6-18 months after that. There is no guarantee your book will make it at any stage of the process. - when you decide to go trade, you have no control over the design stage, so if you've commissioned artwork (cover etc) it's unlikely you'll get to use it. Publishers control this part of the process and they don't love it when authors bring their own (read: they hate it). - if you've paid for editing, that's also an expense you've sadly wasted. Not because editing is bad for books, but because traditionally this cost is handled by the publisher. Other than money, this has no bearing on you, but you should be aware that paying for an edit beforehand, won't stop an agent for asking for changes if they choose to rep your book, and it certainly won't stop the publisher's editor from asking for additional changes when they buy it - so you need to be willing for that to be the case (without playing the 'but I've already paid for an edit' card). All that said, if this is what you want, know that self-publishing will still be open to you if it doesn't work out, whereas going trade with a book after you've self-published it is almost always a non-starter. So do your research before you hit 'publish'. You need to be committed to whichever pathway you choose.
&gt; I've been told by numerous people that I should submit a manuscript, polished as it can be. Even if that means hiring help. The hiring help part is only relevant if you *know* you have issues you *can't* fix yourself or using free resources. Most querying writers simply can't afford to pay for editing on every MS they query, because having them edited does not guarantee a sale - so you could easily spend 1-2k on something that ends up in a drawer. Beyond that, whatever you present to agents now, is the level they're going to come to expect from you (which is why someone else mentioned have a pro edit can be detrimental - because now you're stuck having to pay for one every time unless you've actually learnt to properly self-edit). So yeah, polished as it can be usually means: self edited, workshopped with betas, revised, proofed.
Certain details in your story will be window dressing - and that's fine. But when you choose to dedicate a significant amount of page time to something, the reader is going to assume intent and might feel like it was words wasted if they don't come to fruition. So a line here or there, that's feels like part of a description or just a way to pass the time - fine. But anything more than a couple of lines is going to start feeling significant.
HP - MG (middle grade). PJ - MG. From your list, only Katniss started life in a YA book. HP only became YA after book 3, and was still marketed as MG for a long time. This is important because trying to appeal to *everyone* is going to make your book suitable for no one. When you're writing for kids, there are rules that don't apply when you're writing for adults, and both MG and YA are categories that have firm established conventions. An abundance of gory, in depth murder will likely be a problem in MG. For it to be YA, you need to be hitting more than just character age - voice, theme, pace, tone are also involved. And just for the record, having a young MC does not a MG or YA book make - plenty of adult books feature teens or kids. But you need to get the balance rights. A 15 year old dealing with adult things, told through an an adult lens will be an adult book. This is why it's important to know your category, genre and audience, otherwise, you'll end up writing a book that fits nowhere.
You know what could have happened? You've taken a step towards more commercial prose - which is often simpler and less descriptive, and thus appeals to readers who don't necessarily love long descriptions and flowery language. But here's the thing about commercial prose: people think because it's simpler, it's easier to write, where actually, it's just a different skill. Making commercial prose visual and interesting is it's own skill that takes time to master. If you're used long, flowery language, the switch to commercial prose can often be a big difficult, because you're trying to say the same thing with less words and you haven't figured out how to do it yet. My advice - read a few books with commercial prose. Pay attention to where the authors place their descriptions and metaphors, smilies etc. The visual language is still in there - it's just streamlined. But once you figure out the balance, I think you'll find the prose gets more exciting and visual.
Comedy in itself does not age down a book or age it up. This question is actually quite concerning because it tells me you have no idea what books in each category look like - and you need to. Go read an MG title, a YA title and an adult title with a similar premise to yours - figure out the differences between them and which category your book tonally fits into.
&gt; but I get the impression our society assumes no one is prepared to start their writing career at that age The opposite is actually true. The media LOVES stories of very young authors. It's sexy. It sells books. Everyone wants to run the story about the 16 year old prodigy who wrote a book so good publishers had a bidding war. That's why publishers love young authors with a great debut novel to sell (if anything, the publishing industry is biases AGAINST older authors in some genres). The problem is, very young authors rarely write something that is publish quality so these stories are few and far between. But - there could be a difference here depending on genre bias. In the 'literary' sphere, young authors may be looked down on because the genre is all about unpacking the human experience, and yeah, the 65 year old starving artist who's only just made it, may not like a 20 year old kid writing something as 'poignant' or 'deep'. Also, you'll find that a lot of younger writers debut with genre novels or YA - both things that have traditionally been looked down upon by the literary media (until such time as they break big).
I guess it depends? I absolutely think there are times when noticing a woman isn’t sexist - of course there is. Women notice men’s appearance too, after all. And there are times, too, when it makes sense for a perfectly respectable, non-sexist guy to find a woman sexy - on a date, maybe. In a bar. When they first meet (assuming they’re not at a murder scene and both professionals there to do a job) It’s really all about how you present it. Making sure the description fits the scene and characters and makes sense. Hell, in real life I might notice an attractive man in a professional situation - but I wouldn’t comment on it loudly, you know? Make the same rule in books - when it makes sense for male characters to notice a women’s appearance, you can mention it. Otherwise, there’s no reason to mention her tits and ass as the first thing. I hope that makes sense - at work so can’t spend too long articulating my thoughts.
Both? I mean, most teens are too busy with school and life and growing up to sit in their bedroom every night and write a novel. Take me, for example - I knew I wanted to write my novel when I was 16 - I was 26 by the time I actually sat down and forced myself to do it. That novel got awful because I hadn’t written since school and I had no idea how to write a novel or edit my work. But I’m sure there’s also an element of not knowing how bad they are yet and not being willing to take feedback - that’s also a skill we develop over time, after all.
I don’t know? Is spending a single year on a novel enough? My first took 16 months - it wasn’t good enough. Most published authors have 3-10 troubled novels that aren’t good enough. I think you’d have to be an exceptional exception to hit the ball out of the park with your first shot. It happens, but it’s rare.
NOPE. A YA novel - a genre which overwhelmingly does better on the trade side - and thus requires selling to a trade publisher, should not go above 100k if OP hopes to debut with it. That's what agents are saying. That's what publishers are saying. 60-100k is the range for YA - with contemporary skewing shorter, and fantasy going longer. Most YA agents won't take on anything longer than 110-130k TOPS - and even if they've given you this much rope at the query stage, they'll likely ask you to get under that 100k mark for submission. The idea that a story is as long as it needs to be is nice and all, but horrible advice when it comes to selling books.
As others have said, Rowling’s first novel (though slightly on the long side for MG) was not massively out of category norms. Something else to consider: the length a book finds rep at or sells at isn’t always the length it publishes at. Books often get longer in publisher edits.
;)
I think your personal view of each author is biasing your view. For example, I find that first passage by McCarthy, far worse than the equivalent one by Brown. Then again, I've always struggled with his prose. So what works for you, absolutely doesn't work for me - which is okay - those two authors are doing different things that appeal to different readers. Just be careful when making statements like A is successful and B isn't, because that might only be true for you.
I'm not sure where you're getting your numbers from, but the average novel has anything between 20-60 chapters, depending on length. Now, chapters vary in length A LOT dependant on genre (with thrillers skewing short, and epic fantasy skewing long), but on average, a chapter is between 2-5k words. So a 90k novel is going to be at least 15+ chapters (probably more because not every chapter will be on the longer end). What makes a novel is word count. *Technically* anything over 50k is considered a novel, but in today's fantasy market, you're going to want to shoot for about 80-100k. That's the sweet spot.
First port of call: follow your favourite authors. They’ll mention their agents, so go follow them too. Twitter is great for industry advice straight from the source. Then as twitter recognises patterns in who you follow, it will suggests relevant people for you to follow. Another good thing to do is find someone you like on their, and go through their ‘following’ list. My list is mostly YA community and agents - if you want, drop me a DM and I’ll send you my handle.
&gt; do I have a chance of getting a book published in the US/UK, while still living in Norway? Yes. If the book is good enough, agents won't care where you're from. It makes taxes harder, but otherwise it's possible and done. &gt; should I just go ahead and write the book in english? This really depends on your level of English. You are absolutely right that publishing in the English markets would increase the reach of your story. The hard truth is, most countries by in the bulk of their properties from the US or UK - but the % of novels that get translated the other way around (into English) is infinitely lower. That said, the English markets may be far more competitive than your home market might be, and you're competing with native writers - that makes things that much harder for you. If you're going to attempt it, make sure you have 5-10 native english speaking betas to help you smooth out the prose that feel as though they were written by a foreign author (the parts that don't translate well). Because not only will your book need to be great, it will need to be as great as a native speaker's book.
The average self-publisher keeps 80% of their royalties - but they only sell a handful of copies. So assuming they've laid out for everything a publisher pays for: editing, cover, layout, marketing... they're actually losing money. Even if they don't spring for those expenses, they're not making money. Just like on the trade side, there is money to be made in self-publishing, but the bulk is being made by a small % of those doing it. &gt; the only real point to it is just seeing your book get put out there You're forgetting about advances. Not every book garners a big advance (5-10k for a fantasy debut is about average), but that's real money. You get that whether you earn out (sell enough copies) or not. And the publisher foots the bill for everything. There are also people here who will say: publishers don't market debuts anymore do what's the point. That's a common misunderstanding. Trade publishers are like icebergs - 80% of what they do is invisible - so it's not billboards, or TV or newspaper promo - it's sales fares, catalogues and getting your book into booksellers. AKA things you can't do yourself. The pathways are set up incredibly different and require different things for success. Those making money on the self side are often releasing 4-6 books a year - it's volume that shifts books. That's not possible for all authors.
I'm not going to show you my first draft, but this image shows every change that my last MS underwent between going to my agent (pretty much a first draft - I draft fairly clean) and being accepted by my publisher. So if you draft clean, this is still how much you can expect your MS to change. https://imgur.com/IdwfP71
Commissioning cover art doesn’t help you, it hurts you. It tells agents you don’t know how this works and will be difficult to work with. Because publishers have all the control when it comes to covers. They don’t want you to bring your own. Beyond that, this MS has two strikes against it: 1) you’ve already queried it - which, barring massive, book (and query) transforming changes, means most agents won’t want to see it again. 2) it’s self published with an ISBN - that means it’s pretty much burnt given that you’re obviously not shifting the kind of volume it would take to get publisher interest in this thing. The fact that you queried, got impatient and self pubbed also tells agents something else unfavourable: you’re impulsive and impatient. That’s a red flag on the trade side because what’s going to happen when your book has spent 9 months in agent edits and another 6 on sub? You going to jump ship again? Apologies if that all sounded harsh, but that’s what agents see when you present them with a MS with this kind of history. Which is why your best shot is to write and query a new book. Get this book off the web and put it in a drawer. You can always revisit it down the line once you are repped, but for now, it’s not going to do you much good.
&gt; there are some ffs that are really good and well-written. And then we have ffs like "My Immortal", that are not so great. You could say this about books in literally any genre or category. There are already a million gatekeepers in publishing making it harder for the average writer to do what they love. I have no idea why we decide to add to that misery by gatekeeping ourselves. You love writing FF? Then write FF. There are millions of readers out there who will be glad you do. Everything else is just noise.
&gt;I have seen this in novels before There are all sorts of different types of breaks in novels. Indent: new paragraph Line break: denoted by 1 line blank space between one para and the next. This is usually used to start a new scene that is directly related in time, theme, or space to the preceding scene. Scene break: usually denoted by some form of dingbat or asterisk centered in the middle of the line. This is used to split up scenes that are further removed from each other. Chapter break: pretty self-explanatory this one. So yes, there are different types of breaks in novels - but they won't necessarily translate to academic writing.
Head on over here: https://writingwithcolor.tumblr.com/ They've got a ton of resources that explain why certain tropes - like comparing POC's skin to food - are offensive. They've also got great advice on how to do it right.
The difference between the categories can be subtle, or pretty pronounced, but expect voice, tone, themes and pace to play a big part in deciding where your book will be shelved. Exploring coming of age themes is going to skew your book towards YA - because at its core, YA is a coming of age category. So if you avoid these in favour of more adult themes, it'll skew adult. YA, also has a very distinct voice. Punchier, sassier, more sarcastic than a lot of adult book. Like the cool kids on speed. YA books also tend to move faster - focusing more on emotion and plot than world building. Basically, go grab a YA title similar to yours, and an adult one - you'll spot the difference pretty quick.
Squarespace is the most intuitive, pleasant experience I've ever had building a website. I did both my author and day job ones with it. Could not recommend more.
&gt; I hope I convinced you of my personal notions. I think there's been a miscommunication - I don't necessarily think that defaulting to these stereotypes makes someone *racist*. Doing so may unwittingly re-enforce racist stereotypes, but like you said, intent is needed for it to be racism. So that's not what I'm arguing here. In fact, until I started reading around this subject a few years ago, I was using these descriptors without having any idea that the reason I was defaulting to them was because of racial stereotypes I'd been exposed to growing up. I'd read a hundred books that described black skin as chocolate coloured, and so, that's the first thing that came to mind when I had to do it myself. But now that I *know* some people have problems with them, and have seen the arguments for why, it costs me literally nothing to avoid that language. I mean, if I can't deliver a visual description in ANY OTHER WAY, then really, I'm not much of a writer. We've taken maybe 10-15 words out of my toolbox - there are plenty more to choose from. &gt; I’m sorry, I’m not well inclined on typical white stereotypes. This is actually a really interesting point - because as a whole there aren't as many. White skin is hardly ever described (it's usually just assumed) so there's not as many cliched descriptions to fall into. But again, I do think that your opinion is valid - and I actually think that you, as a POC can choose to say: I don't agree and I think doing this is fine. This is your experience so that's your right. When it comes from a piece of white bread like me though, it just sounds dismissive. Like I couldn't even be bothered to read around concerns and just went ahead and did what I wanted (which is, traditionally, what white writers do). Anyway, like I said, different strokes for different folks.
I guess we fundamentally disagree on some points then - and that's okay. I have to go to sleep soon, but some final answers (I'm sorry - I'm too tired to answer them all) &gt; Do you think it's okay because you're saying it Pretty much. I'm self-deprecating as a person - I often make fun of the fact that I'm a woman (in a male dominated industry), or Jewish - and that's okay because it's me saying it and I know my limits and who I'm speaking to and where my personal line is. But would it be horribly out of line if my christian boss started referring to me as a jewish/female stereotypes? Absolutely it would. We all own our own experiences and decide what aspects of our own lives we're comfortable with highlighting or poking fun at. But we shouldn't be making that choice for others. So if you're comfortable with food descriptors as a way to describe POC skin, I would never tell you not to do it (I mentioned The Belles as a book that uses these kinds of descriptors to great effect). And I think the OP of this thread should definitely get to hear your view. But at the same time, I might still shy away, having read that some POC don't like it when it comes from white authors. That's an opinion that's easy for me to respect - and for which I've seen arguments I can't easily dismiss. &gt; That's not the fault of the words you're using No, but just because *we* gave the words that power, doesn't mean we can ignore that they have it. My words don't exist in a vacuum - they exist in the real world where they do have meaning that has grown beyond its original purpose. &gt; And what if the people you speak of take offense to a hundred more? Are you just going to keep adhering to their demands - giving them power - for the innocent act of comparison? If I can see a reason for why? Sure. Like I said - this isn't something I picked up from a headline or one tumblr post. I've been reading around these issues for a couple of years now. That tumblr I linked was one resource, but there are conversations happening all the time on forums like twitter - by POC authors I respect - that have said similar things and given compelling reasons. Compelling enough that I don't feel the need to fight to be able to make skin/food comparisons when it comes to describing POC characters. &gt; You don't need to tread on shards around us I guess I never saw it as treading on shards? I would liken it to editing out swearing in books. Most people aren't horribly offended by swearing in books, but they don't necessarily miss it if it's not there, either. It's not an imposition. It doesn't change the book. Or the themes, and if I truly believed it did, I would fight the decision. These types of changes don't change my books. They're tiny changes that cost me nothing. And so long as I'm still describing POC characters in a way that feels equal to the way I'm describing their white counterparts (I don't use food descriptors for white skin either) - then will the reader notice I'm not using those default words? Anyway - I appreciate the debate - and I think you've definitely made some points I'll be looking into further. I guess that's what it always comes down to for me - looking into it further, listening and trying to do better. Because it's entirely possible that in trying to do good, I've gone too far the other way. God knows it wouldn't be the first time. Anyway - again, I appreciate your thoughts. Goodnight.
I'm a fellow edit as you go writer, but I still think this advice is a little... off. There's a reason that vomit drafting is pushed here (and most writing forums) a lot - and that reason is, the draft is overwhelmingly where most new writers quit. If they get bogged down with wanting it to be good, they either get discouraged when it's not, or by how long it takes to get to good, OR they get stuck in a perpetual editing loop where they're fixing the first chapter over and over again and never get any further. Telling them to just get to the end - especially on that first novel - allows them to reach the first big writing milestone: finish a draft. I know that doesn't sound like a big thing, but it's monumental because from that point on they KNOW they can get to the end. Once that's under their belt, they can start to refine their own process. I'm like you - I can't face the prospect of a total re-write, so I draft slow and considered. But I have proof (3 novels under my belt) that tell me I can do that without losing steam and quitting. As for your points: 1. There is absolutely no proof that that introspection needs to happen during the draft. 2. I disagree that editing as you go means you'll end up not cutting scenes. I'm a considered writer and my last book changed by about 35k in editing (and that's despite all the workshopping and editing I did as I went along). Pretty words do not necessarily mean scenes that work. 3. Sure, you'll catch some plot holes, but I'm always amazed by what I only see when I get to the end and see the story as a whole. 5. Your beta readers should be getting a polished draft regardless. If you vomit draft, you should be doing an edit before sharing. If you edit as you go - you should still do another edit before sharing. 6. That might be true for you, but that doesn't make it true for other people. You've obviously found an approach that works for you - and that's great. And it's possible that your approach will help a lot of people here. It's the way this advice is presented that's problematic - because it assumes your way is better than everyone else's way. And that's not true because every writer has their own process.
&gt; like she couldn't remember anything in the story for more than a few lines. This definitely happens, especially if she was reading fast or stopping to add notes. &gt; in some cases the tone of the line edits This was an issue for me too, with this woman - but I've come to realise that some people just have a very confronting critique style. They don't realise how harsh they're being. My advice - take from it what helps, ignore the rest.
&gt; Allot of people say that your first book will always be terrible but is that really true? The first *draft* of your first book - yep. Does that means it'll be unfixable? No. Writers do go on to sell their first books. It's not as common as selling your third, or fifth book, but it happens. Usually, it requires a lot of re-drafting, sometimes, from the ground up. Most us never bother because when we get to the end of that first book, we realise we're not longer sold on the idea, or we don't think it's worth saving. If you feel otherwise, you'll simply continue to work on it until it is good.
Well, for starters, unless he's literally telling his story to another character, it's not dialogue, it's exposition. And that's an important difference. Beyond that, instead of asking people whether they think you're the exception to the rule (based on incomplete information), try instead to understand the rule - then you can decide for yourself. The 'don't start with dialogue rule' became a rule because starting with dialogue makes it hard for the reader to connect to who is speaking - they don't have a visual yet - of who the character is, where they are, who they're talking to. So you get this weird white room syndrome if you're not careful. In the case of an expositional infodump like you're suggesting, it could turn off readers who don't love 4th wall breaks, or walls of exposition. But as always, done right, it'll work. Learn the rule, learn to break the rule thoughtfully. That's how you grow as a writer.
I'm currently not doing unsolicited critiques. But post it to the dedicated critique thread we have stickied at the top of the sub, and someone might help you.
&gt; Is that really the reasoning? Sounds strange. I mean, it's an abridged version of the *one* reason, but yeah. I didn't go into the full details, because OP wasn't actually talking about opening with dialogue at all. &gt; Most good dialogue gives a pretty good idea of who the speaker is You're right. But imagine for a second, you're on page 1 of a novel and the author is starting with a piece of dialogue that's 2-3 lines long. Lets just make some up for the example: "Look, I'll get you you're money. I will, I swear, I just need a few more days, you know. Come on, you know I'm good for it." From this passage - you could argue that the context is pretty easy to discern, right? Someone owes someone dangerous money. But are they male or female? Are they speaking on the phone, or in person? In a bar, or outside? When you open a novel with a long piece of dialogue, the dialogue doesn't pack as much of a punch because it's not grounded in a time and place. I've critiqued enough writing to know that's true. The example you gave *works* because it does all the things you should if you want to open with dialogue - it's short; it orients the reader immediately after after, giving them a character and place. If you do that, opening with dialogue isn't a problem. But for a new writer - knowing *why* they might want to avoid opening with a long, uninterrupted piece of dialogue, gives them the insight they need to break it up and add the necessary details to nix the problem. &gt; I think the true reason is that it simply feels too cheap, is trying a little too hard to please the reader, jumping straight to the junk food. This could also be a reason. But just as you found my reason 'weak', I find this one less compelling - but that's because I love dialogue, so for me this is the reason that feels strange. But again, this is why digging down to understand the rule is important - because it allows you to think critically about your choices and how to best position them for maximum effect.
Funny in a novel can be as simple as a character repeating back a phrase or word that's been established as 'funny' somewhere else in the book at the perfect time. It can be a joke, sarcasm, some clever word play. There are no rules here. But if I had to make some I'd say: 1) try not to make the jokes at the expense of people. 2) remember that not every scene needs a joke.
You need to read some more novels. 1st and 3rd aren't that different, and you can achieve the same things through both. And books are the easiest way to see how this is done.
In dialogue – in fiction – the punctuation will always go inside the quotation marks. That's for both US and UK english. The inside vs outside debate is mainly for other contexts (like quotes in an article etc).
&gt; Even so, I'd really like to see her as a male. The important question here is: *why?* Most writers get to a point in any given story where they need to make a choice between path A+B. For example, I wrote a book where one of the MC's was originally supposed to die. That was the story I wanted to tell. But editor feedback showed me that what I wanted, was actually bad for the story. So I changed it. And I didn't like the change at first, but over time – as more avenues opened up for the story – I realised it was the right choice. Story trumps baseless wants. So dig deep and try to figure out *why* you think this change is worth compromising several story elements. If you can't come up with a good reason, chances are you should leave well enough alone.
Voice, and relevance. I know us writers love to go on about how exposition is the devil (my writers group was always incredibly hard line about this) but no fantasy book I've ever bought had none of it. And to be quite honest, sometimes, 1 well-delivered paragraph of exposition is better than a hundred clues that never quite come together. The trick is to wrap that exposition in your character's voice, and place it in places that feel relevant. For example, a paragraph about the king will feel more natural when your character sees him in a parade as opposed to just out of nowhere while your MC is having breakfast. And voice is the difference between how a sarcastic teenager would talk about the kind vs how a fanatic monarchist would.
1) You have 250 words to tell the agent about the story, the mechanical details, and your bio. Usually, the format is: [Story] 1-3 paragraphs [Mechanical details] 1 paragraph [Bio] 1 paragraph. Head on over to /r/PubTips and the queryshark blog to learn how to write an effective query. It's a very specific skill. 2) Character, plot problem, takes. A query usually follows this pattern: When X happens Y, they must do Z in order to prevent [bad thing]. Again - go read through the archives on queryshark. There is no better way to learn. 3) See number #1+2. And make sure you learn the difference between a query and a synopsis - they are not the same thing, and a common mistake writers make is making their query read like a synopsis. 4) Cliche openings (waking up scenes/mirror descriptions), lots of grammatical errors, lots of unnecessary swearing, overly sexual descriptions (in books that aren't erotic) and gross over-sexualisation of women, pages of world building with no character or plot, subject matter they've specifically said they don't want. 5) You (usually) only resubmit if invited to. If an agent was good enough to give you feedback, they didn't just *forget* to say: please send me a new version when you're done. If they HAVEN'T said that, it usually means they don't want to see it again. Most likely, because their feedback is just detailing a few of the issues the MS has. If they want you to resubmit, they will ask you to. It's called a revise and resubmit. 6) This one really irks me because people completely misunderstand the term slush. Slush is not a dirty word. It's not where the BAD manuscripts go. It's where EVERY unsolicited manuscript goes. So unless you have a personal connection to an agent, or were referred to them by another client, you will go in slush. Everybody goes in slush. And even when you get requests, you'll go in a queue. Waiting is a part of publishing. The only way to skip the queue is to have a personal in, or have there be pressure to read (i.e you already have an offer of rep so other agents need to hustle to also read). Never ever lie about this. And if anyone asks for money to allow you to skip the queue - you're getting scammed. 7) YES. And if it's available via a platform that assigns it an ISBN (like amazon) you have a big problem. 8) Not unless you want to. This used to be a requirement. That's no longer the case and it won't necessarily help you. All that matters these days is the book.
Wattpad is a grey area. Some agents consider it 'previously published', and others don't. It's definitely not as bad as putting it up on a platform that assigns it an ISBN. Get it down off there, and if you get to the stage of a call with an agent, make sure you mention it (especially if it got a lot of traction). In the future, share on sites that aren't public.
&gt; Do people visit sites like that? At first, no. Not unless they stumble across it by accident. But if you're hosting your own website, it stands to reason you're doing other platform building things, that may result in people wanting to look you up. Or wanting to sign up to a mailing list in the hopes you'll release something they can buy. Before mine had books, it had a bio, and a mailing list sign up, and a page where I linked to all the craft threads I do on twitter. I don't expect many people to go there, but it's available should they need it. That's really the point - it's there should people look for it, which makes you look prepared and professional.
&gt; That's my opinion and you are welcome to change my mind. I don't understand... is there an epidemic of writers paying ghostwriters to write their books out there and then whining about not making their money back? Because, generally speaking, absolutely no one would advise an author to do this.
I think that it's first important to separate your issues here as including stereotypes and falling into harmful tropes are two different things. Stereotypes are sweeping generalisations like: *all asians are good at math* or *jews are always rich*. Whereas negative tropes are storytelling devices that are both prevalent and harmful - for example fridging, or those other things mentioned by the anti-freeze test. But these tests are not designed to keep you from hurting women character EVER. They're designed to make you think about the role of women in your work. If a female character has literally one purpose, and that purpose is to get raped and die so that a MAN can go and do something, that's bad storytelling. If a woman is hurt during the course of her story arc, that's different.
&gt; is good for a story telling standpoint. I mean sure, but that's not what we're talking about here. We're talking about business. Cliffhangers are great when the next episode is airing next week - it's long enough to build anticipation, but not so long that people get annoyed and forget. With the 12 months between books, on the other hand, a cliffhanger is annoying. Readers want to know what happens next but CAN'T, for at least 12 months... and that's infuriating and can lose readers. And like you say, if book 1 didn't sell, your publisher may opt out of book 2 and then the story is never resolved. That said, there is a pattern in publishing: if you sold a publisher a duo of book at once, you may be able to end 1 on a semi cliffhanger since they're all but guaranteed to put both out. If you sold a trilogy, book 1 tends to stand alone, but book 2 can often end on a bigger cliff. So it all depends. But if this is your first book, the ability to show that you know how to properly end a story is a good thing.
In 95% of books, it does NOT make sense to kill the main character. I know some people have decided that it's 'plot armour' unless you take an axe to your main cast, but pre the explosion that was Game of Thrones, no one blinked when characters survived until the end. Because that's not actually what plot armour means. Main characters are expected to live to the end. This is their story after all. And all that matters is that their story gets a *satisfying* end. Now, if that does include a character death, then go for it. But you'd better make sure it's damn earned, and poignant or people will roll their eyes. An example I like to use is the last book in the Divergent series. That MC had one of the most foreshadowed, and earned deaths I've ever seen in a series, and yet her death pissed off at least half of all readers. Because, generally speaking, people don't want the MC to die. And most stories can't support it.
TBH - I think the reason that character death didn't land was because that book got away from itself. Divergent was such a tightly plotted book, but the moment that world opened up, it started to fall apart. I enjoyed book 2, but book 3 read like a mess to me - which is why I think all the wonderful clues leading up to Tris's death ended up getting missed. But her disregard for her own life was a theme right from the moment her parents died, and was wonderfully woven in through both book 2+3. That's my point though: even when the death is earned, the shock factor of killing your MC can throw off a lot of readers. So it's incredibly hard to do well.
I also preferred Divergent to the Hunger Games. For what it's worth though, I actually think both series suffered from the exact same problem: they're both what I consider 'high-concept' - which means their first book had a strong and immediate hook. That's what I fell in love with and enjoyed. With both, I started to lose interest come books 2+3 (less so with HG since book 2 was basically just book 1 with new contestants) because that hook gave way to a sprawling rebellion story. Which is fine. Those stories are great - but they're different to what I signed up for with that first book. And I think that's why Tris's death got lost. There was just so much going on by that point that all the wonderful clues Roth left kind of disappeared.
I actually think this type of thinking does more harm than good. All writing has limits. Do a poll on this sub and I bet you, you'll find a ton of writers who honestly believe their first book NEEDS to be 300k long, even though 100k is the industry standard. The problem isn't the standard: it's you. You've learnt how to write stories without limits, but you haven't yet learnt to build a story that fits a framework. When you have only 1k words, you need to both make every one of them count (sentences in short stories often do much more work than sentences in a novel), but also, you need to learn to plot a 1k story. That's hard, but possible. It just means learning about that story structure and what you can reasonably fit in there. So it's not about gutting your prose (though we could all stand to do a bit of that, tbh), it's about learning to temper your ideas. Because you can't fit all of them in 1k.
Well, the reason the industry works in word count is because page count is horribly unpredictable. I have pages in my MS with 220 words, and those with 500. So focus on *word* count. And when I said the standard is 100k, I meant that's the top end for most genres. Adult novels in today's industry range from around 65-150k depending on genre. At 35k, you are far too short to be considered an adult novel. But it's perfectly fine for a first draft.
&gt; What I can say is that if you’re on a fifth draft and people still don’t get what you’re trying to convey, writing probably isn’t for you. Or... you're not targeting your learning enough. Jotting things down is not targeted practice. Re-writing the same story over and over is not targeted practice. You've taken the literal advice but not the spirit of the advice and now you're giving up because you're learning fast enough? I mean, if you no longer enjoy writing, that's one thing, but if you still want to write start taking targeting steps towards fixing the problem. For example - you say purple prose is your problem, so go study up on that. Read every advice blog you can find on it until you truly understand the problem. Then try and fix it. Not by re-writing the same story over and over, but by writing lots of things. Small things, big things, all things... practice this one skill until you get good at it then apply to an actual story.
1) Don't kill them. 2) Try not to forget they exist. 3) Cut them if they're not plot specific or add nothing to characterisation.
When you say: wrapping up a novel pretty soon that I’m really confident about... do you mean finished writing it? Or finished editing it to high hell. I ask this because you asked a lot of very basic questions, and mentioned it's your family's idea to published - neither of those are bad things, btw, they're just markers for writers who may not fully realise what it takes to trade publish a book. I see that in other comments you mention wanting an agent, well that's easier said than done. There are X number of people who find rep every year, and Xx10,000 people who try. You want to beat the herd, these are steps you should have taken with your novel before seeking rep: Write, revise, edit, workshop, revise, edit, polish. At least. Agents should never be the first set of outside eyes on your novel. Neither should family.
Generally speaking, you don't need to pay for editing before querying agents. You can - but if you're taking all the right steps, you shouldn't have to. As much as we say that agents are looking for perfect MS, they will always want changes, and so will eventual publishers, and editing is a big cost. It's much more worth it – for your career – to learn how to get the MS to the right level yourself, with help from outside eyes. So yes, definitely beta readers before you query.
Caveat – if it's contemporary YA, anything over 65k is probably fine - it's only the fantasy genres in YA where you're expected to up the word count with world building. And with most YA 100k is the very very top end of what you should be writing. 80k is a much better sweet spot to aim for.
&gt; took it to a local bookstore, could I negotiate a deal with them to stock it and sell it An indie store? Sure. Thought they'd probably want to vet the book for quality and quality of printing. A chain branch? Less likely. It really does depend where you live, but places like B&amp;N in the states has HUGE power over what publishers do (they can literally force a publisher to change a cover they hate). These stores don't buy 1 book at a time - they have sales teams, and regional sales managers, and warehouses, and returns deals with publishers for books that go unsold. There have been a few pilot sporadic programmes for chains stocking self-pub work, but not enough for this to be viable. &gt; Is that what self-publishing was before the internet and ebooks were a thing? Self publishing wasn't really a thing before e-books and print on demand services. Because the average writer wouldn't have been able to afford to print and bind their books. Did people print a few copies out and try to sell them? Or outlay for real printing and try to distribute on their own? I'm sure a few did. But on the whole, no.
&gt; I am currently finishing up a book with an indie publisher and myself and my publisher are trying to find a literary agent to help us shop the completed work to a larger publishing company That is.... not how this works. If you already have a publisher, how are you going to sell the rights to a publisher?
But that's my point - you already HAVE a publisher. You sold this book to this one man band, no? He has the rights?
If your book is already on amazon you will almost certainly NOT be able to sell it to a trade publisher.
&gt; We both decided compensation for publishing would come through the royalties split. Why? You paid for everything. And your 'publisher' is now asking for a royalty split despite the fact that THEY CAN'T GET YOU PUBLISHED. What is their % for??? I don't know what you're relationship with this person is, but you are being taken for a ride.
&gt; wouldn't they help out? They're not going to write it for you, if that's what you're asking. They'll request changes and it's up to you to either veto or action them.
Purple prose is not the same as descriptive prose. There's loads of descriptive prose out there - it's a legitimate style when done right. The difference is, purple prose is prose crammed with redundancies and metaphors that repeat themselves or say nothing. A very simplistic example I always use (that was once highlighted in my own writing) is: *A ravenous glint of hunger in its eyes...* Ravenous means very hungry, so that 'of hunger' is just adding words and no information. *A ravenous glint in its eyes...* is simpler and gives off the same image, but still creates more of a picture than: *it looked hungry*. Like I said, it's a very simplistic example that should hopefully illustrate how you can look at your prose for ways to simplify without sanitising.
Make sure your characters are driving the plot as much as the plot is driving the characters. That means not forcing them into situations they wouldn't ever get into just because you think it would make for a good scene. Their decisions have to make sense for who they are.
Do we run into them all at exactly the same time? Or can you stagger their intros? If they're all being intro'd together, try comparative descriptions that help fill in a lot of blanks at once. For example: in this family, we all have blue eyes except for John who has one blue eye and one black. My sister's all wear their hair the same expect for [ ] who covers hers with a panda hat... But be aware, when you intro this many people at once, your reader will probably need a refresher of who is who down the line.
The fact that it's YA doesn't matter - look up girls of paper and fire. The real question is: why rape. What is rape adding? What are you adding to the greater conversation about rape. Rape is so overdone in literature that it's become a downright lazy trope. Want an evil villain? Get him to rape! Want to motivate a character? Rape his sister/wife! Cheap scares? Rape! It's boring. It's usually done badly. It can be horribly triggering for readers. And did I mention, lazy? If you need it - if the story literally falls apart without it - then go ahead. If it's a cheap way of saying... oooohhhhh scaryyyyyy.... then don't.
So, in a close POV, like first or close third, you wouldn't need to italicise, because the MC is the narrator. In omniscient... it gets harder because the narrator is a separate entity, and so somethings, it will feel necessary to separate the MC's thoughts from the narrators. My advice is to go and read a bunch of books written in that POV.
Everyone has this issue. Literally everyone. I'd argue that if you love every word of your first draft and consider it complete, you're harbouring delusions of grandeur. Which isn't to say you have to hate your book - just that most writers know their first drafts are flawed and could be better. That's literally why editing is a thing: because you can't fix a story until you can see it as a whole.
Ok. You need to stop editing at the micro level - you're not there yet. You need to revise the book first and get rid of the big picture problems. This means reading through the whole thing and making big picture notes like: character A is inconstant, change pet, add new scene here, scene x is no longer required etc etc. At this stage, you're looking for those big things which will have big effects on the plot. Then you can start re-writing. Depending on how big the change are, it might be worth starting fresh with a blank page and then pulling in bits as you need them. Don't be afraid to break the plot - this is the point at which you do that. break it, build it back up. Build new scenes around the people your characters need to be, other than how they started. This is the hardest part of writing because it *hurts* and it's a lot of work. But every book goes through this. Once that's done, your next read should feel less disjointed, and that's when you can start caring about things like names and sentence structures.
Absolutely, and catastrophically.
This is actually less a writing dilemma, and more a friendship one. If your friend *was* a writer, he probably wouldn't care because he'd no that no two writers will write the same story from an idea. But that's something the average non-writer doesn't realise and will get upset about. So, while you are perfectly within your bounds to write this story, you have to decide what's more important to you: the story or the friendship.
There are places where you'll need to do it twice in one sentence, and places where an entire scene won't require emphasised words at all. Writing isn't like painting by numbers, so you just need to keep an eye on it. If you're finding that a lot of sentences have more than one instance - then you're probably not trusting readers to understand the tone of the text on their own - which might mean you haven't nailed it. Likewise, if every other sentence requires it - something's wrong. Beyond that, it'll vary so much putting a number on it is detrimental. But if you're worried, examine each instance with a critical eye.
Well, then let's use this as an example. You did not need to emphasise trusted the way you have - readers would have absolutely got it on their own, and if you were speaking the line out loud, putting emphasis there would have made the sentence needlessly dramatic when all you were saying is: I'm not sure I'm right. Try reading your work aloud. This can sometimes help.
Honestly - you'll get good at it. It's hard to trust your own words when you're first starting out - so you'll feel the need to lean on crutches like emphasis and exclamation point etc. It gets better with practice.
You're right - and if the character's religion was somehow integral to the plot, that nuance and distinction would probably matter a lot. But OP already said, the religion *isn't* important and could easily change. To me, it's therefore worth changing simply to avoid the visual of: this muslim character is a hero, but the *only* way he can save the day is with a *suicide bomb*. It's a tricky visual, is all. And you're right, it shouldn't be. But there is just so much media associating muslims with suicide bombs, that I'd personally want to move away from the image as much as I could. Because at the end of the day, nuance is easily lost. Especially in this internet age. And even if it's quickly established that the internet outrage is just drama, and that the book is not at all islamophobic, muslim readers would still have to watch the debate play out - which can be just as harmful.
&gt; you shouldnt compromise the work due to a sort of bigotry of low expectations But... like I said, and like OP said, in *this* case, there is no compromising - the change doesn't affect the story, it's a small change. This isn't me saying: you can never ever write x because bigotry. This is me saying: bigotry exists, and is actively portraying this group of people as bombers every day, so if it's not a problem, be one less person who offers up this visual. And to me that's far less worrisome than clinging to this idea that artistic integrity is somehow greater than a social good - and I think writers cling to that a lot. There's this idea that ANY compromise we make to our original vision is somehow killing our art and therefore is BAD. But the truth is, every book you've ever bought has been through multiple rounds of edits. Our original vision isn't necessarily - and in fact, isn't often - the best version of the story. It's just the first version of it. And since our work exists in the real world where real people are reading it, it has never struck me as a bad thing to consider those readers.
For new writers, showing unfinished work means 1 of 3 things happen: 1) They get that instant rush of good feedback and never bother finishing. 2) They get some bad feedback and quit. 3) They are actually able to handle feedback without it stalling their process. We all like to think we're #3, most of us are #1 or #2 though. That's why – with your first novel – it's best to get to the end. Because then, you *know* you can get to the end. And once that initial hurdle is out of the way, things get easier and it's easier to widen your process.
My duo ended up a duo because I couldn't see it *any other way*. Being the first in a duo - it didn't stand alone. First books in duos are more likely to not be stand alone than first books in a trilogy due to the nature of the format. So as I was building the story, I realised I had a perfect 3 act story that would work perfect as book 1 of 2. Had I ever envisioned the story as 1 book - I would have gone with that. It's an easier sell.
To add to this - nice guys don't think they're entitled to women and throw tantrums when they don't get their way. That's assholes. Sadly, IRL some assholes think they're nice guys. But your reader is not going to see an asshole on the page and say: this guy is so nice.
Back cover copy and queries aren't exactly the same thing. An epic fantasy reader might pick up a book for the world building - and they're perusing the store at their own leisure - but you have a few seconds to grab an agent, and they have 500+ other queries to look through. Also, Sanderson's books sell because he wrote them. He's big enough now that he gets to play by a different set of rules. Head on over to queryshark - I guarantee you, Janet has publicly critiqued a query for a book just like yours you can learn from.
&gt; I read in several places query blurb / backcover copy is supposed to be identical I mean, some authors are so great at queries that their agent will base their pitch to publishers on it, and the publisher will use some of it in their back cover. It's very rare. Because there is a difference between what agents are looking for and what readers are looking for. That advice is good as a jumping point: it's supposed to pique your interest. But you would do better to target your query to what agents want.
Nope 250-300 for the WHOLE thing. Another reason why you should study up on queries more than blurbs, because it's another big difference.
I don’t think that’s true. I think most query examples follow the pattern. And I think that agents sometimes post the exceptions as a way to show how people have broken the rules and done it well - because, again, this is an entire subjective field. But for every exception, there are 500 queries that were standard and still won the day.
/r/PubTips we don't allow query critiques on r/writing.
Children aren't dumb. But they're not adults, either. There is a higher level of responsibility when writing for kids, not least of all because their parents do the buying. If you're not reading books for kids, you are unlikely to write a good one.
Every 5 seconds. There are hundreds of thousands of words in the English language, and you're giving yourself a hard time because they're not all at the tip of your tongue all the time? Honestly, find something better to worry about. Being good at writing doesn't mean getting it right first time. Or getting it down easy. Or knowing every word all the time. Sometimes, the best writing is an agonising march that took multiple revisions. And the synonyms feature is a great way of bringing words you knew but forgot in the moment, onto the page.
I'm going to jump in with what might be a controversial view - and please take it with a grain of salt, because i haven't seen your work. But something about the language you use in your post: *a simple character struggle in a basic social and economic context* and *it's just about human nature*... does raise a couple of flags for me. I've been in groups where people have submitted work that falls into this category, and sometimes, I've offered similar feedback simply because the story was, quite frankly, dull. Nothing else to it. By removing it from the modern sphere, and by not having it be about *something* particular, you can end up with a story that's perfectly functional, but completely irrelevant and boring. A story that feels more like a vignette or a diary entry than an actual story. That *might* be what your readers are responding to but don't want to say. Because even if your story isn't about something that's immediately relevant TODAY - it should feel like it's saying something. And if your stories about the human condition are garnering feedback that says: what is this about? Then maybe it's worth asking whether your exploration actually hit home the way you want. I mean, books like Lord of the Flies, for example, are about human nature - and whether you love or hate that book (I hated it), you wouldn't walk away asking: what is this about? I hope that makes sense.
&gt; Hemingway had a very distinct writing style. And just for fun - try putting the first page of any of his books into this app. It should give you a good idea of just how seriously to take it.
Show don't tell is beginner advice aimed at breaking you out of *only* ever telling - it's not gospel, and if you tried to edit out all telling, you'll have the world's biggest and most boring book. Sometimes *Man those are some neat shoes* is the best way to inform the reader that *Man those are some neat shoes*. If the shoes are important, you might also want to describe them. If your character is a shoe fanatic, you might make it a running joke that the MC is missing vital information because they keep looking at the shoes or have them focus on the details.
So my last couple of books have had what you'd call a conspiracy plot - so MC lives X life, something happens to pull them away from it, in trying to get it back they discover horrible truth Y, which puts them on a path to actual goal Z. My point is: in certain stories, it's natural for the MC's goal to change. This idea that your mc needs a goal (they do) doesn't automatically mean they need the SAME goal throughout the novel. It can be natural for their goal to change as the plot goes on.
Yes. The bigger the book, the bigger the risk, the smaller the chance of getting it trade published. That's a reality of this business. At 150k - you *might* get away with it if you're writing in the epic genres (though it's still at the very top end of what's okay for a debut). If you're in the shorter genres though, that word count will be an automatic no for a lot of agents/publishers. &gt; Your readers will drop the book if you talk too much. No one likes a bloated book. No one likes words that do nothing and a plot that goes nowhere. It's not about NEVER describing or using words in a beautiful way. It's about trimming the fat. Very few books, IMO, need to be 150k. And fewer books by first writers need to ever hit that number.
Lol. You really need to read around the book publishing process some more. Major revisions - often multiple rounds - are part of the deal.
Fish book 1: Workshopped as I wrote chapter by chapter. 2 rounds edits with agent (1 big, 1 small) 1 line edit based on acquisitions notes BEFOR edit letter (mostly issues to do with world building) 4 rounds edits with editor (1 big structural, 1 smaller structural, 1 smaller line, final pass). Because of translation, I got to skip copy edits and proofs. Fish book 2: Workshopped as I wrote chapter by chapter. Started early to get ahead, threw out 30k after workshopping synopsis with my editor. 1 (quick) round of feedback from agent before handing in first draft of MS. 3 rounds of changes with editor (similar format to above).
Yup. And that's PRE-AGENT/PUBLISHER. 2 full rounds of 3 passes each, so far. Writing is re-writing.
&gt; so I can get maximum exposure to varied material at an early age before I start trying to develop my personal writing skills. You do not need a BA for this. It's called reading. You actually do not need a degree in any kind of English/writing course to write. Which isn't to say you shouldn't do one: just be realistic about what you expect to get from it. A generalised English course isn't going to teach you to write literature - it's going to teach you to analyse it. Not the same thing. Writing courses may be more helpful in terms of craft, but often, university level fiction is quite singular in its focus (i.e no genre fiction) so that's something to check - courses differ between places. Either way, don't wait for an arbitrary curriculum or degree to start honing your skills. Writing is something you can absolutely just *do*.
The amount of dialogue in book x, can easily be too much/too littler for books y and z. Each book is different. But how much dialogue is right isn't something you can quantify. Dialogue only becomes too much when it comes at the cost of narration or exposition. When it feels like you're using an entire conversation to put across what you could have done in one line. I love dialogue too, and often, notes I get back on my MS are things like: let's break this up with more narrative. Insert more feelings here. That's when I know that while my characters are talking a lot, they're not acting and feeling as much as they should be.
Don't fight this too much to begin with. It's actually much easier to remove action beats than add them in after the fact. But yes. If you include an action or tag after EVERY SINGLE LINE - your conversations will begin to feel laboured and cumbersome. A good rule of thumb is: when established correctly, you can ping pong between 3-6 lines of dialogue without the reader getting confused. And the quicker the conversation (i.e quick witty dialogue - or an argument) the more likely you'll want to strip distraction out. That's what will give your dialogue that whip sharp back and forth. A good tool for this is reading your work aloud. You'll start to find that the action breaks become noticeable.
Not necessarily. Contrary to popular belief, romance is a genre with some pretty ingrained tropes and structures. For example, if your story doesn't have a happy ending, it's not a romance novel - it's a novel with romance. And there are other such qualifiers too - though I am not an expert. My point is: plenty of contemporary fiction, and women's fiction features heavy romance while not being a romance novel.
Then you're already on your way - you just need to learn to fight the voice telling you to stick to your guns. There are times where that's definitely necessary. But on the whole, if multiple people point out a problem, they probably have a point.
I actually disagree with both those assessments - and they're quite concerning because this is literally the same criticism that's overwhelmingly thrown at A) female characters, and B) female characters in YA. Let's put aside for a moment the 'chosen/special' one trope - which is so freaking prevalent in both adult and YA fantasy that I'm not sure why dystopian is suddenly so... for lack of a better word... special. Let's move on to your main critiques - they both think they're special. I don't think that's true. Katniss acts to save her sister. Tris acts to save herself. They are both integral to the plots because they are MC's. In later books, Tris's poor decisions are guided by a bleeding heart and a lack of regard for her own life. Katniss wants to protect her family and is deep in PTSD. And sure, they both make bad decisions. They're teens. I'm 33 and I make stupid decisions all the time, and no one is trying to kill me. While I agree that later books in both these series spiralled a little, I honestly think the MC's are very well written and consistent. And every one of your criticisms is either NEVER levied at male characters who act in exactly the same way, or only ever levied at YA character by adults who've aged out of the category.
&gt; a friend who's mom is a published writer and could actually get my work published Not how publishing works. At BEST they could intro you to their agent - who would still make a decision based on the strength of your book. All your mum's friend could maybe do is jump you to the front of the line. &gt; My fear is though I won't be good enough. Never going to be good enough unless you try. &gt; but if I can get any pointers on how to beat this vicious cycle Stop thinking about publishing and your mum's friend. Right now, you're putting yourself under pressure based on an opportunity that doesn't exist and therefore you can't squander. Write a book. Write another one. Hone your craft, and when you do feel ready - try for publishing.
&gt; General wisdom I've read from several published authors (sorry, no source, the info just stuck out to me) Is that any major changes or edits made after the second draft, are usually making your story worse, and not better. This is very strange seeing how most published authors will have gone through rounds of editing with both their agent and publisher. Often multiple rounds. Often big ones. So I'm not sure who is saying this, but it rings very anecdotal rather than true.
&gt; Already cut book in two, and it's impossible to cut any more Lesson 1: you can't say this on your first draft. First drafts are – by their nature – not the best version of the story. So while you think nothing can be cut now, I guarantee you, that once you start revising you'll find stuff that can go. Now, maybe you are THE EXCEPTION, but most first writers who pump out 170k, do not have a tight book, so the law of averages says you don't either. That's okay. There is no shame in moving away from that original draft - it's EXPECTED. So instead of going into this process determined to not cut/change, go in with an open mind. Just to give you my own personal anecdote (on my fourth book): It was 99k when I finished the first draft (at the very top end of what's okay in my genre). Feedback and a line edit brought it down to 95k. More feedback - up to 102k. And I'll be finishing this latest draft back at 95k despite ADDING scenes. And I am a writer who writes *spare*. Most tend towards writing too much rather than too little like I do.
Can you? Sure. Should you? No. There's a reason most books are written the way they are: it works. It's what makes for an immersive reading experience that flows and doesn't jar the reader. Mixing in script format like this is A) going to be jarring, and B) going to feel lazy. I mean, it takes 3 seconds to re-write your example to: "wow this really do suck!" Billy yelled, slamming his fist on the table at that disappointing revelation. So then why the script format? My gut says it's because you're not yet confident with making conversations flow properly on the page without it getting confusing. The solution to that is to practice - not re-invent the wheel.
&gt; Would there be any benefit to making a standalone version of this novel that’s a straightforward adult paranormal romance That depends - do you want to write in that space? You've identified your main problem: there is no (or, little) audience for the story you actually want to write. Because kink readers don't want the world, and average readers don't want the hard kink. So if *readers* is the goal - you have to pick a side of the fence. You can't write super niche stuff and be surprised when it doesn't land wide. But writing for a different audience isn't as easy as just cutting some sex. Each market and audience has it's own conventions. So if you choose to write an adult paranormal novel, it's going to have to deliver what that audience wants. So take a minute, familiarise yourself with what that is, and re-shape the book to match IF you think it would still work.
Also: if you're asking this question, go out and read some first person adult novels, because if you're not aware they exist (in your genre) you're not reading enough.
&gt; other people’s opinion about using it in an adult novel nowadays Fair enough. But I'll caveat this with: not every person's opinion is valid on this sub. I know that sounds adversarial, so let me explain: You need to get a sense of what your *target audience* wants. Now, maybe that's us, but it's probably not. From your post, it looks like you might be writing an adult spy thriller - so my opinion, for example, as a YA fantasy author - is going to mean much less than a reader who LOVES adult spy thrillers and has read widely in that genre. That's my point. So go to that section in the store and see what people are reading and paying money for. You'll get a far better answer than asking strangers on the internet.
As with ALL writing advice - taking the actual words as gospel is kind of missing the point. *If you don't have time to read, you don't have time to write*... isn't meant as a definitive statement on how much time you should dedicate to each - it's simply drawing your attention to that fact that to *write well*, you have to read at some point. I'm here everyday telling people to read more, but I also go through periods where I don't read. I'm just coming off a three month stretch where I only read one book because of deadlines. Writing advice is almost always bigger picture. Getting mad about it is kind of pointless.
No, but trying new ingredients is. The market changes. Tastes change. And it’s the height of hubris to think there’s nothing left to learn once you’ve mastered the basics.
God I’m so tired. If you don’t want to read, don’t read. But you’re not going to convince me you’re right. Sorry.
If they say you should have gotten an acknowledgement but didn't (and you've checked your own spam folders) it might be worth resending. Before you do, maybe do an extra round of research on how to sub to that particular agency - if they have a twitter, you could ask them there.
It really depends because *action* can mean different things in different books. But generally speaking, it means there's too much set-up, or stuff that doesn't feel AS exciting as the main plot which then picks up after a certain point. It can also mean the reader didn't get that 'must read more' feeling until later in the book, which can mean that the main mystery or urgency of plot doesn't kick in soon enough.
&gt; I’m here looking for ideas on what that next level might involve. This is actually really concerning to me. I would understand it if there were things you KNEW you wanted your agent to do for you and they weren't doing. But it kind of sounds to me like you're just annoyed at having to fork over money. The goal of any agent is to: build their client's career, sell their books, proof their contracts, keep them out of bad deals. It sounds like your agent is doing that. And if they're taking 90k annually - it sounds like they've helped you build the type of career that most authors kill for. So then... why are you unhappy? Are there friends in the industry getting what you aren't? Someone mentioned editing and you said: YES I want that - only to then say you sell on spec proposal, and so what are they editing? Someone mentioned foreign rights (which are far more common for fiction). Someone mentioned movie rights and you mentioned that's not the kind of thing you write. So again - what's missing? Truth is - if your agent is consistently getting you good contracts and deals to the point you're both clearing 100k+ a year, I'd think long and hard before blowing up that relationship unless YOU (not strangers on the internet) can identify what's actually missing from the relationship. Bascially - be careful what you wish for.
If you're struggling to world build before the story, try writing the story before the world building. Being good at building a world from scratch is just one sub specialty of writing - not all writers design their worlds from scratch before they begin. If you have an idea for a character and story, you might have more luck starting there and populating the world as you go (that's how I do it). And sure, that leads to some inconsistencies, but you can take care of them during editing.
It's funny, because at a base level, I understand the frustration. Imagine if you're Stephen King, for instance, and you KNOW that if you ditched the agent, publishers would probably still come to you and thus you could easily make another 15%. On the surface, it seems logical. But I think that's simply because most of us aren't fully versed with the inner workings of publishing. Maybe OP doesn't need the agent to keep selling - but maybe if they ditch the agent, their publisher starts slipping nasty stuff into the contract knowing no professional is proofing it. Maybe this has big ramifications for future deals (such as bad option clauses). Maybe OP's usual editor leaves the publisher, and the relationship doesn't carry through without an agent forging a relationship with the new editor there - so OP loses work. Maybe some of their publishers WON'T work with an un-agented writer. Maybe without the agent, OP finds that their advances go down, or royalties come in late because no one is keeping an eye on these things. Maybe they lose out on opportunities they would never have heard about minus the aget. When you're successful enough that you *know* people want to work with you, it can easily feel like the person who got you there isn't pulling their weight anymore, when really, the whole reason you're so successful is because they're tending to the little stuff you'd never think about.
The real question is whether op thinks this because the agent is actually lazy, or because OP just feels entitled to more service than a ‘newer writer’ - which isn’t really how agents work.
If you are asking this question you need to read lots and lots and lots of YA books. That's your market. And there is a huge spread in terms of what goes/doesn't go in terms of swearing in those books.
&gt; I know when i was in high school 12 years ago we cussed all the time Problem is, books for teens are largely bought by schools and parents - who don't usually love teens swearing, though we all know they do. &gt; I didn't mind reading about it in books but I didn't know now days if anything has truly changed. Hence the note to read widely in YA. More than one author. You'll start to see the trends in which books get away with a lot (contemporary titles) and which with less (fantasy - which tends towards in world swearing). You'll also learn how the tone and style of the book affects how much it gets away with. What's more, you'll be exposed to ways of writing authentic sounding teens, without swearing a lot. Reading widely is not a throw away answer we give out of laziness. If you want to write YA, you need to be reading it. Widely. Preferably lots of stuff in your genre that's released in the last 5 years.
&gt; Say it's a fight and the Narrator leaves something or drops something but you don't want to write it out because you want it to be a surprise later? You hide it in a different action. I can think of a couple of good examples from books (which is why you should always be reading books - folks!) In Hero at the Fall, the MC, who can control sand, is being led to jail, and on her march there, she stumbles and falls to the sand. This is played for cruelty in the original set up: i.e she is being marched too fast and so she falls. Then a scene later, it's revealed she PURPOSEFULLY fell to the sand in order to gather some between her hands to use as a lock pick. In Golden son, 3 characters are walking together, and one is seen to be drinking deeply from a flask. In a later scene, it transpires that the contents of the flask set up a later plot twist. Basically - you need to find a way to bury that action behind another, that way, the reader remembers it, and it makes sense that x could have ALSO happened at the same time, even if it wasn't mentioned.
Read the work aloud - your brain will start noticing repetitive sentence structures like... well... like.... Usually, any more than 1-3 similes in close proximity will start to feel repetitive. So evaluate each for what it's adding to the work.
You have to let go of the need for perfection. Right now, you're starting and restarting in the hopes that on the NEXT try, it'll come out right. But it won't. It'll never come out right. Not on the first try of your first book. You have to write the book badly in order to write it at all.
&gt; which is a reference to the video game Banjo-Tooie, a game that Mark loves to play and loves to play music from the official soundtrack Yeah... this sets entirely the wrong tone and is borderline non-sensical to anyone who hasn't read your book. Remember that your title is a marketing tool. It tells the reader what to expect. At the point of purchase, no one is going to understand or get this reference - so to them, it'll just read: clockwork - which doesn't seem to fit the book at all. &gt; Zoloft Odyssey Personally, I would steer away from using real name brands as your title (depending on the role of the drug in the book, I'd maybe consider creating your own in world equivalent). This makes me think: non-fiction book about medication. And that's not what you want. Go look up some similar books - what are they called? How do they relate to the plot? Model yours on that.
Contemporary fiction.
&gt; but the general rule of thumb that I know of is that 1st Person stories should only really be from the perspective of one individual You're not wrong - that's how first works in theory, but alternating first person POV stories have been around for a while. They're usually treated like alternating third in that the author will only switch POVs at chapter breaks, and label the chapter with the POV character's name. Works best for a small number of POVs though - two is best (especially in romance this is quite common). Though I've seen books go all the way up to 7 (takes an enormous amount of skill - I wouldn't recommend this to a beginner).
I've not read the book, only some of the criticisms, so I am not able to give a nuanced opinion on whether the drama is warranted or not. But I will say that research is not a get out of jail free card. It doesn't matter how much research you do, if ultimately, the book ends up harmful to the very people you claim to represent. The voices that matter in this discussion are voices with the actual lived experience this author does not have. They get to inform the rest of us if the book is authentic or harmful because they're likely to see the issues that the rest of us will miss. This is the crux of the debate in the publishing sphere about about white writers writing about the *experience* of being marginalized (which is DIFFERENT to white writers writing about marginalized characters, btw - look it up before you come at me). Despite best intentions - trying to authentically capture an experience you are so far removed from is an incredibly hard thing to do. Research is often not enough. Big things get missed. Important things get missed. Bad books end up being released far more often than good ones.
Well, for starters, none of my comments have been book specific. This is because A) I acknowledged I haven't read the book, and B) I acknowledged that as someone without lived experience of this subject, I have no way to know whether the book did it well or badly. Which is why my comments largely addressed the issue at hand (research not being enough to protect you from writing a bad book) rather than this book specifically. That said, the reason we review and discuss books is so new readers can decide whether to also read and support them. So in this situation, where I've heard rumblings of a book being problematic, I usually dig deeper before deciding how to vote with my wallet. For me, personally, when making this choice, I give more weight to voices coming from the affected community. If ten of them call the book bad for every one white person who calls it good, I've likely made my choice. I know internet bandwagons can get toxic, but I've been round this bend many times, and I've learned to read past the headlines before I make a decision. And just as a personal aside, I'm of the opinion that before we hand over millions of dollars to white authors writing about this community, we should first seek to promote works by marginalized creators from that community. Because no one is offering them millions of dollars to write these same stories - and in fact, when they do, they have a much harder time publishing them.
&gt; but spawns entirely new character arcs and plot when it is finally revealed. I mean... this is the biggest issue I see with what you're trying to do. Your reader just spend 80k with the original cast - what's going to make them care about these new faces? What's going to stop the twist feeling like a cheap way to get them to buy another book? Those are the questions you need to ask yourself before you attempt something like this. Likewise - how would cutting the twist affect your overall arc for book 1 - something wholly necessary shouldn't be *easy* to cut out. You're better off, IMO, figuring how how to combine the ideas into something that works. Giving a satisfying end to the main story, while hinting at more to come more subtly. Will that require you to re-think your vision: probably. But that's what writing books is: changing things until they work.
No problem ;)
Yes, it's a thing. No, you will not submit it to publishers at the sale level - it's a conversation for later (just as you add the dedication and acknowledgements at this later stage).
You can technically do whatever you want - though if a publisher is involved, they'll likely veto anything really dumb. What you want to avoid is people looking at the name and thinking it's a weird gimmick.
&gt; How do you guys justify this? Let's see... my last two books took place in a fictional lake that contained *mermaids*. The current one includes teenage cyborgs... so as far as suspension of disbelief goes, my readers have far worse to deal with. Even if you're writing contemporary fiction you'll find that stories are bigger than life. That they allow for things that would never happen day to day. Stories are supposed to be a better version of life - where unless it's story relevant, we are unbothered by the mundane.
Drawing attention to it usually works. Having the character note that it shouldn't have been possible. Having them question why it is. Theorise a reason for why - even if they get it wrong. Maybe it even prompts them to go searching for answers. But you should definitely address it in some way other than hope the reader plain won't notice.
You really need to research the process because just emailing them out of the blue with a description isn't how it's done.
Something to keep in mind is that italics are physically *harder* to read for some readers. Apart from that - too much of anything is bad.
This is exactly why I do NO world building beforehand. Literally none. I jump straight in and build as I go. You do not need to get it perfect - in fact, aspects of my world change as the plot requires them to, and then once the first draft is done, I go in and refine, add, edit for consistency. Some writers build their world beforehand because that's what they love and excel at. But if you're not one of those writers, there is no reason you need to have anything more than a very basic idea before you start. Everything else can come later.
Sure - all the time. Or my betas who read as I write ask me questions I have no answer for. For example: half the work in the PW edit I've just done was moving the world away from dystopia and more towards blade runner. A big question I had to answer was: you say countries are looking to draw people in with cool technology, so then why is everything so shitty for people? In my mermaid novels, the questions I was getting were: are they still under the sea? Why does it feel like a human world? How do they speak English, know about x, deal with y etc.... And questions like that arise because of a mismatch in world building that happens as I make it up as I go. Or because the world building is shallow to begin with. But that stuff is relatively easy to fix in the grand scheme of things. Edit - editing to add that world building remains my weakest trait for this reason - but most readers aren't reading for world outside of the epic genres (and even in them) so there's absolutely no reason this stuff can't be addressed in later drafts.
I am entirely the wrong person to ask that, lol. Though really, all plot is somehow related to world building - you just have to decide what to prioritize. I prioritize the plot and build the world to match, but you could do it the other way around too.
Easy: pay him, or put a gun to his head.
I personally don't love: and the author of the novel your reading... if this is a query bio for agents/editors. Might work for website copy, but even then... eh... it comes off cheesy and presumptuous, to me. Like, most people - if they read your bio, would be reading it before your novel (at the selling stage) so it just rubbed me the wrong way. Award-winning screenwriter is misleading, given what you've said. I'd personally, also shorten. &gt; sees himself as a world citizen and believes in One-world philosophy. Eh - unnecessary. &gt; A principal theme in Nathan’s work is redemption and significance of self-knowledge and self-control. Eh - unnecessary. Basically, in a query, you get 250 words. Spend as few of them as possible here. Fill it with the least stuff that is likely to turn readers off.
&gt; They either pop up and shoot a couple of shots before going back to cover, or put their gun out to blind-fire randomly Yeah... nah. Change the dynamic. As the author, find a way to make it so that your characters can't do this. Set the car they're hiding behind on fire. have your MC make a run for the door. Shoot out a gas pipe, a water main... You control these people. Make them do cool stuff.
For novels and traditional shorts - for printing, you usually want to go with book formatting. Line breaks between paragraphs is more an essay, web thing. In books, it's usually an indent on the next line. Which you should NOT be doing with the space bar. Set your word processor to automatically indent new lines.
&gt; But at the beginning the brief summaries The problem with brief summaries is they're brief and lack nuance. But they're also catchy, and make for great headlines, and so that's what most people are exposed to. Thus, the average straight, white writer has begun to believe that there's a mob out there waiting to pounce if they so much as feature a POC /LGBTQ+ character in their books. The ACTUAL and nuanced discussion is entirely different. Most authors (including POC + LGBTQ+ authors) welcome diversity in fiction. They're fine with you writing diverse character. What they're asking us privileged writers (white/straight - yes, that's privilege) is to think about whether we're the right person to talk about THE EXPERIENCE of being a marginalized person. That's what American Dirt did - it's a book about the experience of being an immigrant trying to cross into the US. It's aiming to represent a real and present issue that affects millions of people. This is different to writing Harry Potter, but having Harry be asian. And yes, if your characters are POC, that can absolutely inform their character and the story. This is still different to writing about what it's like to be a POC in a book entirely about that. The super important part is the question: WHY? Why is this debate happening? 1) There are thousands of POC authors out there trying to tell these stories but being shut out in favor of white authors telling these stories. 2) White authors tend to get it very wrong more than they get it right. The question you need to ask yourself when setting out to write about THE EXPERIENCE of being black/hispanic/gay etc. is WHY you think YOU'RE the best person to tell that story. Just because we have an idea doesn't mean we have to write it. And if your answer is: I want to tell this story because no one else is, then you're probably not paying enough attention. There's a reason these communities get angry when a white author gets a massive advance to tell their story badly - and that's that they're trying to tell it, but being shut out.
Can I ask for more details? This is quite an odd set up in that agents don't generally meet with writers unless they've read the MS and want to offer. More details might be helpful here.
The question is: what is that scene adding to the *beginning*? Main characters are the focus of stories, not the villain. Main characters are who we root for and connect with, not the villain. So what is it you're hoping to achieve with starting your book with the focus on someone other than the MC? Better yet, if you're hoping to add nuance and ambiguity to your villain would opening this way pretty much destroy that? Or will you frame the amputation as a righteous act (as another comment mentioned: amputating legs to save the baby's life is not a cruel act unless you deliberately make it one). Those are the questions you need to answer before deciding to go ahead.
I've had both problems: too many, and not enough. Too many was a problem in my current book. Not only did it make the book borderline too long for its genre, the feedback I got was: with everything going on with these sub-plots and secondary characters, your MC's goal is getting lost. Which is a problem for both pacing and agency. Fixed it by removing a character and re-writing his old scenes in a more MC focused way (which allowed more page time to explore remaining secondary characters), and also removed an entire try-fail cycle where the MC is almost caught and has to escape. The result is a much tighter 2nd half which means the climax feels more urgent. The not enough problem was actually much harder to address - required me to conceptualize and write 20k extra words which included a new sub-plot, new lore, new magic, new location and a whole new character. Still totally worth it in the end as it gave the plot a deeper more earned feel, and made the world and the conspiracy feel bigger.
If you're writing adult fantasy (not YA or MG) at just over 100k, you're probably okay. BUT. &gt; Should I try and cut it down further in the next drafts? Line edits can EASILY save you 5-10k words. I'm sure you won't believe me, but once everything is in place structurally, step back and really examine the language. I'm an incredibly spare writer (I tend towards too little, not too much) and just scrubbing the MS for filter words, needless repetition, redundancies etc saves me about 5k on 95k. That's significant when plot doesn't change at all. And I guarantee you, if you're doing a proper line edit, you'll find words to cut.
This is a question only you can answer for yourself. I've never written a character sheet, but I'm sure tons of writers and published authors have. If you struggle remembering stuff, they might help. As for whether they'd make the story too prescriptive... something ALL of us could stand to remember is that what we write isn't set in stone. You can plan stories and characters beforehand and still go off-script if you feel in the moment that's better. When I was pitching the concept for my last book, I drew up a quick synopsis of what I thought it would look like. By the time I finished the book, things had changed quite significantly. Now that I'm done revising, they've changed even more.
A) This is true for ANY book category - don't be a snob. B) Story trumps writing ALWAYS. Writers care about the writing, readers care about the story. Outside of lit fic, this is almost always true. C) And that's good news because no two people can even agree on what good writing is. D) If we were to identify one thing that YA needs more than adult stories it's voice, a hook, and characters they can emotionally connect to.
&gt; if I can use publishing cycles Literally, the only 'bad' time to sub is around the holidays, and that's not because you won't get read, it's because you'll probably wait longer for a response by virtue of agents/editors being away. It won't actually affect your chances though.
I disagree. I think a lot of *commercial* YA fits that description, for sure. But commercial YA is not the only kind out there. Problem is, it's the only kind people who don't read YA – or don't read outside the headliners – ever see. But there is plenty of beautiful prose in YA. And simplifying prose is not a requirement. And that commercial aspect is present in the adult genres too. Dan Brown, for instance, is a good example. But you're totally right, reddit comments are not where I do my best writing.
It's going to depend on the CHARACTERS. A 50 something hard boiled detective is probably not going to talk in memes. Neither would a princess in a far away land. A teenager in a contemporary book, might. But even then, you need to make sure the meme works in the context of the scene, and that the lines still hit even if the reader isn't familiar with the meme - otherwise, you're adding throwaway lines that confuse instead of build characterisation and aid the conversation. Also - if you have to make something all caps to make the joke work - it's probably a bad joke (in a book context).
Hence me saying: you need to make sure the meme works in the context of the scene, and that the lines still hit even if the reader isn't familiar with the meme.
&gt; From doing some searching on different forums (including here and some other subreddits) This is a TERRIBLE way to do research. Real research would be reading books. Mainstream, commercial books would be a good place to start. That would show you that description is NECESSARY. Pages of it, are not. Some is what helps orient your reader in a scene. It's called white room syndrome for a reason - and no one is saying it in a good way.
Generally speaking, if you're writing with the view to find a publisher, consistency is the most important thing. If you know for a fact you'd rather target the US market vs the UK market, then logic dictates that the US standard would make more sense, but no agent/publisher is going to turn down the next Harry Potter because it was written in UK English (see what I did there?) The really interesting thing is that when you do come from a country that mixes standards, or try to write for the US standard when you don't live there, it's not the obvious things you'll miss, it's the non-noticeable ones. It's car park vs parking lot. Garden vs back yard. It's using the word fortnight, because you don't realise it's not commonly used in the US. None of which will stop you finding rep for your work.
I recently did a piece on this – you can find it here: https://www.reddit.com/user/dying_pteradactyl/submitted/
Set your word processor to automatically indent new lines by 0.5" You shouldn't be using space or tab for indents.
In first, voice is king. But not every author is an expert in character voice. Not every book prioritises that. My favourite first person novels are the ones that do.
Depends on the genre, depends on the book. The closer your setting feels to reality, the more people are going to care about what's realistic. The more fantastical, the more you'll get away with.
Yes, and no. It's like comparing a 100m sprint to a marathon. Both involve running, but not every runner can do both.
Yes. Only Ever Yours by Louise O'Neill. Towards the end, her MC basically dissociates while watching her own trial and the POV literally shifts in scene from first to third – as if she's watching events from outside her body in flashes. It works because it's deliberate and used to express an idea (quite a powerful one). It's a very difficult thing to do well.
Sometimes, when you can *feel* the author's hand, it's a symptom of something called: plot driving character. What this means is that the characters aren't 100% well-developed, and their actions don't necessarily make sense for them. They're obviously only doing x because the author and plot needed them to do x, not because it feels right for who they are as a character. You can avoid this by really working on your characterisation and making sure the decisions your plot requires them to make, make sense for them as people.
Chances are, you're starting your book in the wrong place. Often, you don't need an entire chapter to show your character's boring life. You can do it much faster or not at all. Or if you do need it, you need to find a way to lace that boring with intrigue. It's about voice, and hooks, and small conflicts that keep the reader reading until the inciting incident. Read lots of books in your genre – see how they manage the balance.
IMO - lack of developmental edits are the reason a lot of self-pubbed work falls flat. They're usually the difference between a serviceable story and a great one. Because if your arcs, pacing, and structure is off, it doesn't matter how good your grammar is. I would then probably opt for copy edits so that once the work is good, it doesn't end up riddled with errors. The rest you can probably achieve with good beta readers and critique partners.
The core of the issue here is the fundamental misunderstanding around the term Mary Sue, and the point of flaws in writing. So a Mary Sue is literally a character that BREAKS the narrative. It has little to do with flaws or being pretty or perfect – it's when a character actively makes the story not make sense because despite contributing little, the story praises them as doing EVERYTHING. When this term first gained popularity, a common piece of advice people were given in order to avoid writing a Mary Sue was to give their character flaws. Problem is, flaws shouldn't be picked off a list at random. Good characters are the sum of all their parts. Their flaws are an integral part of the story and drive their decisions which in turn drives the plot. When you just pick flaws at random, that doesn't happen. They literally feel tacked on. The solution here is to write well rounded characters and a story where plot drives character as much as character drives plot. But even if you do that, readers may still complain because not everyone is going to like even a well rounded character. I would personally argue that Hermione's bossiness and do good attitude is pivotal to the plot – but it might make her unlikeable to some. Your goal as a writer shouldn't be to please everyone – that's not possible. It's to understand how to build your characters correctly.
Because if we allowed people to share their work for critique here, that's all people would do.
At this point I have beta read about 100+ novels. Not once have I felt the need to steal and repurpose the work. Why? Well, for one, you're assuming your work is better than theirs – and it might be, but it might also not be (the bulk of what I've beta'd was not ready for stealing, lets put it that way) And secondly, few writers will care about your work as much as you do. They don't want to sell your book, they want to sell THEIR book.
&gt; My question is what makes you root for a relationship in fiction Characters who feel like equals and like they fit and challenge each other. Maybe that means they match each other in terms of wit and snark, or maybe it's mutual respect, or a shared love for something. But it just needs to feel equal. &gt; What tropes do you like? Love a good enemies to lovers, so long as it doesn't veer into abuse. Friends to lovers is good too, as is fake dating. &gt; What tropes annoy you? Equating emotional abuse with romance. Instant love. &gt; How do you write romance in a way that doesn't come across as cringeworthy or creepy? Something I like to do – especially if I'm working with an enemies to lovers set up or a very short timeline – is give the love interest a save the cat moment. What I mean by that is giving them a plot beat that allows them to do something that would act as a catalyst for the MC to see them in a new light. That really helps build that mutual respect, and cut down on insta-love.
This is a great write up. Beyond 'foreshadowing' and 'causality' this is something I've never had a proper name for, but it's something I colloquially refer to as *closing loops*. Particularly helpful for pantsers or discovery writers who don't plot and link their story beats beforehand – as it can be really useful to do even before you're done with the draft while you're figuring out how to bring it all together.
Can that classical musician CREATE pop music though? Would that ballerina be a CONVINCING breakdancer? The assumptions in your post are the same as the assumptions some people (writers) make about genre vs literary fic. That one is easier than the other, when really, they're DIFFERENT. They prioritise different things. And believe me, plotting a pacey bestseller with invisible prose that appeals to the masses is every bit as hard as constructing literary sentences. But it's not valued as much because we've collectively decided that popular = lesser. Which is dumb. My favourite analogy on the subject is about the Australian Children's band The Wiggles. Their songs are about as simple as you'd expect, given the intended audience is 1-5 year olds. And yet, few bands have been able to replicate their success. Why? Because just because something appears easier, doesn't mean doing it well is actually easier.
Read a bunch of YA novels from the last five years. You'll get a sense of the YA voice, and how it differs from yours.
Dreamers dream. Writers write. Sounds to me like you're a dreamer who wants to be a writer. What's holding you back is fear and lack of discipline. Writing is never not hard, but it's particularly hard at the beginning, when your skill level doesn't match the picture in your head. In order to get past that, you have to commit to writing even when the words are painful and bad. Or you'll never get to the good words.
Not every book is an issue book, and not every book needs to be. Plenty of contemporary titles being written now won't feature the pandemic, or the protests, even though they won't realistically be published for another 1-3 years, by which point these things will no longer be 'new'. The question is: what kind of story are you trying to tell, and how would these things play into it, if at all. Not every book written around the time of the moon landing, featured the moon landing. But as time wore on, that event began being referenced as history often does. It's an organic thing unless you specifically need your book to feel like it's happening right now (which is an impossible thing to keep up anyway).
When you're happily writing book 4, you're still going to realise you know a lot less about the craft than you thought you did. Start now. Do exactly what you say here: &gt; Pull together a scrappy first draft, read in parallel, and make improvements from what I pick up in the edit.
Well, for starters, if your characters are university age, it's probably not YA – it'll sit in the adult section. And believe it or not, there are a bunch of adult titles with university aged characters out there in that part of the store.
Something to ask yourself when designing your world building is:* how does this real life thing fit into my world?* Oaks are easy because most second world fantasy is modelled on Europe, therefore no one questions their presence. Obviously that's not a great thing, but it is a thing. Deciding to include Eucalyptus trees in a world which feels like Europe, might make readers stop and ask: would they even grow in this climate? Just as including Champagne or Chinese food (and calling it that) in a world where the champagne region of France, or China don't exist would be jarring. But if you model your world on an Australian climate, that problem goes away.
&gt; I'm worried that agents will simply look at the word count, roll their eyes, and move on. At 200k, that is a legitimate worry. Yes, there are exceptions. But you should never bank on being one. &gt; This would mean creating tenuous links between distant plot points, and removing a lot of the complexity that I love about this story. You should never revise a book to make it worse. Part of being a professional author is learning how to address problems like word count in the *right* way. Now, that will probably mean bigger revisions and more work. But if you're going to cut, your book needs to be stronger for it. &gt; I've heard that those chapters are the most important for getting offers You're misunderstanding this bit of advice: the first 3 chapters are crucial, because first 3/50pages is usually the MOST an agent will ask to see off the bat. So those chapters need to be good enough to get them to request the full MS and keep reading. But no (good) agent will offer on a MS without reading the full thing, so if it falls apart after chapter 3, you're not going to get interest beyond those full requests. &gt; Maybe I could negotiate the length after I have an agent? Any potential agent is going to be playing by the same market rules you are when subbing to editors. That means they're unlikely to let you grow the MS before the sub. So again – you need to really look at this book and figure out how to trim the fat, without hurting the story. You need to realise these cuts will *hurt*, and will be hard. Chances are, if you do them properly, they'll make the book better. And hell, even if you do get an agent at 180k, chances are they'll ask for these cuts before submitting anyway - so the work is going to happen. Books do sometime get longer in edits (after they've been acquired) but I doubt most editors will let you go back up to 180k territory. I saw in another comment you're not at the beta read stage yet, so I would say: don't get married to the assumption that nothing can go. Chances are, you are too close to the story to realise what can easily go.
&gt; Will this kind of speech pattern in a novel come off as unappealing or weird to the reader? Almost certainly, yes. This is script format. And script format feels more removed, is less visual (it's formatted for the camera to do the work, not the prose), and will likely make it hard for your readers to connect.
Co-writing relationships are notoriously tricky and usually based on trust. IMO, you're unlikely to luck out with a complete stranger – not just in terms of determining things like who owns what and who's paid what in the event you sell, but also in terms of styles and being able to complement each other's work so the book feels like a smooth read. If this is something you're interested in, you're probably best starting off looking for writer friends and building connections over time, dabbling, and then ultimately taking the leap when it feels right.
&gt; Do characters in a book/project need to have first/last names? Depends on the set up and the book. There are situations where it wouldn't make sense for your characters NOT to have them. There are situations where it doesn't matter. Not all the characters in all my books have both first and last names, because depending on their role, it might not make sense to mention both. So play it by ear and go with what feels natural in this regard. &gt; Mine currently have alternate names that hints at their moral faults What do you mean alternate names? Something that always bothers me about names that say something about the characters is how the hell would their parents know they were 'prone to evil' or whatever when they named them? It jars me, to be honest. It feels contrived in most instances. More important is making sure your characters' names fit the setting and tone of the book IMO.
The problem you're going to run into is: it often takes way more than one book to build an audience. This is especially true in the self publishing space where authors usually need a back catalogue and regular release schedule to make money. I know you said money doesn't matter, but at the end of the day, money = readers in this game. Giving the book away is likely to get you downloaded, but not necessarily read, if that makes sense. Tons of people out there download every free book they see and never read any. All of which means: if you want readers, you'll likely need to spend money on editing, a good cover, marketing... there is no way to do this fast, cheap or easy. And unless you capture lightning in a bottle, you'll probably not recoup all that with just one book. So if you're really all about one book, it might be worth looking for a trade publisher. This is hard and slow, but if you succeed, they'll take care of these things, and even pay you for the work. And if you can't find a trade publisher, self-publishing will still be there.
&gt; How would/should I describe his weight Respectfully. Which means, no, you don't get to compare him to day old cheese (WTF), and you probably shouldn't focus on how many chicken wings he can eat (the hell is wrong with you?) You literally picked two stereotype things and yet seem to think you can avoid fat shaming. You wanna avoid fat shaming? Treat this character like a person not a caricature.
Then either write in corners where people can't see your screen or don't write this in public.
Your question is a touch flawed because agents often ask for samples, and different sized samples, at that (with the first 10 pages being the most common, in my experience.) Of the 62 agents I queried, only 3 were 'query only' and beyond that, a form rejection rarely makes it clear whether they read the sample, or how much of it they read. All that said, if it's stats you're after, here are mine from my recent query experience: 62 queries over 5 batches between 11th Feb-13th April 38 query rejections 8 requests pre-offer (3 partials, 5 fulls) (though I had a few other fulls out from a mentorship program) 3 additional requests post-offer, plus an upgrade on 2 of the partials 12% request rate pre-offer 16% request rate overall 55% upgrade to full rate on partials 36% offer rate on fulls
You're not being dumb, I had 5 offers – despite a fairly low initial request rate. On the other hand, a friend in my writing circle has a 50%+ request rate for fulls, and no offers to date. This is the type of industry where no two journeys are the same, which is why obsessing over stats can be detrimental. For me, the tricky genre of the book meant getting someone to *consider* the work was the hard part. But once they saw the work, they liked it. For others a marketable pitch which garners a ton of requests may be let down by execution. If you want to read the full write up, it's here: https://www.reddit.com/r/writing/comments/gkbpwh/what_i_learned_querying_my_book_during_the/
The biggest mistake people make when writing synopses is trying to cram in every plot point. You can't. It'll be too long and hella confusing. What you need to do is distill the plot into it's big elements. And yes, that means losing a lot of the complexity and nuance, but that's okay. The synopsis isn't there to prove how clever you are – it's a roadmap that proves to the agent/editor that you know how to structure and end a story. They're reading it to make sure the book doesn't go in a direction they don't like as opposed to reading it to understand how every part of the plot plays out.
Something I personally like, and strive to include in my YA books, is making the MC aspirational in some way. I want readers to be like: okay, she's cool... or I wish I could do [xxx] like she does. A lot of time, that comes from making the MC capable and making sure they have a lot of agency.
Boredom breeds conflict. Just because they have nothing to do, doesn't mean they're not doing anything.
I don't understand... if you are so attached to this character, and had sequel plans for them, why would you cut them in lieu of the other character?
&gt; I personally think it is fine and wouldn’t be a fan fiction as long as I used different characters and a different setting You're justifying not wanting to do the work of putting your own spin on an idea. You know you can't straight up take someone's setting or characters, why would lifting their magic system AS IS be any different? &gt; After all, traditional magic with wands and incantations are generally the same across many books No it's not. Sure, wands feature in a lot of books, but to use the obvious example: the wand lore in Harry Potter, and the names/spells are different. The takeaway from here should be: you can absolutely take inspiration from an element of the magic system (plenty of elemental magic systems out there too) but you need to change it to make it yours – and that means more than just changing the name. &gt; I also don’t want to be accused of stealing ideas. Then don't. The goal here isn't just to avoid litigation, it's to prove that you're a writer with your own ideas. So take a look at this magic system, distill it to its base parts, then make a real change to make it your own. Otherwise, just commit to writing fan fiction – which is fine! But be honest with yourself about it.
It is very common to make money. It is very rare to make a living. If you want to understand why, look up articles about how advances, royalties and payment schedules work in publishing. The problem isn't just: books don't sell for much, it's that even when books sell for a lot, that money doesn't all go to the author, and it rarely all materialises at once.
Books are a different medium to movies – and POVs work very differently. It's easy when you have a camera because the viewer can SEE exactly what's happening. They're also used to POV switches because single POV is not the predominant norm in film and TV. In books, modern readers are used to close and limited POVs – so switches aren't seamless, they need to be telegraphed. And the traditional way of doing that, is to only switch at break points and immediately orient your reader in the new POV. My advice: read more. You cannot write books based on visual techniques - you need to draw from written ones.
Real talk? There are certain types of readers (like me) who read books like LOTF because they were forced to, and I would absolutely have missed the symbolism of the pig head on a stick. It sounds like you're writing lit fic (where the language and symbolism is often the point) in which case, analysis is likely your goal, so you probably need to look for betas who specialise in lit fic. It's like the joke people make about how blue curtains symbolise something, when for a lot of writers, blue curtains simply mean the curtains were blue.
Ermmm... I do not believe this is a UK/US divide, but rather an author style. Many different types of prose style exists, and some are more common in certain genres than others.
Exactly as you describe it: asterisk to mark the end of character A's scene, then pick it back up with the next POV.
&gt; I went behind her and told them all about her entitled attitude to write about POC &amp; her trying to have me removed from the crit group. I'm sorry, you did what now? Look: real talk – there are a lot of conversations happening in the publishing space right now about who should be allowed to write what but very few people would agree with: white people are ONLY allowed to write about white people. The discussion is more about whether white writers should write about the EXPERIENCE of being a POC when they're not. Otherwise, you are literally advocating for white washing books. Believing that ANY inclusion of diversity is tokenistic is an equally problematic stance, btw. It's saying that POC require a REASON to exist where white characters don't. All that said, I have no idea whether this woman wrote her book well or not, it sounds to me like you don't either because you never read her pages. It is not your job to police writers, agents or publishers. You made your opinion known, she chose to ignore it – if the industry chooses to ignore it too, and the book is problematic, then it will be called out as such upon release. Is it a perfect system? No. Would it be better if agents/publishers/writers learnt to see the problems on their own and earlier? Yes. But if you can't see the problem of another white woman publicly going around bad mouthing a fellow writer to industry professionals over a book she HASN'T READ... the oh boy there are bigger problems here.
&gt; sometime next year at the absolute earliest So another 3-12 months on top of that for finding an agent and publishers, and another 18 months on top of that before it comes out... Point is... a lot of time is going to pass before this book is a book. And real talk, police aren't going to disappear from media. They're just not. Would I recommend querying a cop book TODAY? No. But you're not in a position to do that anyway. So take a breath, and if you're worried, look for ways to make your book more public friendly. That doesn't mean turning it into a scathing social commentary, but there's definitely a lot of middle ground between that and copaganda.
&gt; But if you are a confident female in both sexuality and within a workplace, aren’t we the same? For starters, that's a big assumption to make – and whether you can make it or not depends on the world your story is set in. I am very confident in my work and workplace, that doesn't mean I am not often treated *differently* in the work place. I am generally a confident person, that doesn't mean I don't get scared walking alone at night. Beyond differences in how the world treats men and women, YOUR woman may experience differences. Some women are every bit as strong as most men, some aren't. Some are as tall, some aren't. Some are as boisterous and loud and crude and whatever other traits have been traditionally considered 'male' traits, and some aren't. The point is: just as men aren't a monolith, neither are women, and whether or not your MC can easily make the switch in story will depend on the story, the setting, her personality, her arc. It could be as simple as: if she's of childbearing age (or the character has children) you might find that attitudes around those children would be different (women are still primarily thought of as care givers).
Given your set up, here are some questions you might not have thought about... You say that outwardly, women and men are the same in the military... right? Well - how do they pee while out in the field? What about when they're on their period? If they're the only woman among 20 men, are they concerned about sexual harassment/assault (rife in the military)? Are they treated with the same level of respect? Shrugging off sexism is not the same as it not happening or having an affect. Now, I'm not saying any of this needs to be in your story, or plays a part, or is even relevant to your story – let alone every woman in the military – but these are the questions you should be asking yourself. Especially when writing a female MC in such a male dominated world.
&gt; Katniss Everdeen from The Hunger Games is the Mockingjay, Tris from Divergent is divergent, Harry Potter is literally the Chosen One I see this sentiment a lot, and yet – I, personally – don't believe 2 out of 3 characters here fits into the chosen one trope. And that's important because chosen one is a specific trope. HP is obviously a chosen one. His story could only happen to him. But I don't think either girl is. They are not CHOSEN. They are not the ONLY ones this could happen to. It happens to THEM because this is THEIR story. And that's the crux of your question, isn't it? Why do we write about characters to whom interested things happen. And I guess the answer is: because interesting things happening is interesting. In the case of Divergent and The Hunger Games it's also a high concept premise, which makes it an easier sell.
I think it was definitely like that in the movie. Not 100% on the books though.
&gt; That’s her Chosen One moment. She's not the only Divergent – which is I think the important part. Tris is one of many hunted. We know that because she's warned by someone who's seen divergents hunted before. So not chosen – just the protagonist.
You're thinking of the movie.
It's possible that it's pandemic related. A couple of months ago, amazon de-prioritised all books for that reason (I believe they've returned to normal now) so it's entirely possible current events are messing with the supply chain.
Then either leave the group, or learn to say: thanks for the feedback, then ignore. My old critique group was not very well versed in YA (I was one of only two YA writers there), so often, among the useful feedback were a lot of "are you sure you can... is this too sexual/violent/dark for..." As the expert on my category in that group, I quickly learned to filter out the good from the bad, and I was comfortable doing it because I knew that I was more of an expert on those elements than they were. But if all you're getting from this group is this type of stuff... then yeah, get a new group.
First chapter. First page. That's how long a reader will give you to hook them. Just because something doesn't have to explode in the first chapter, doesn't mean it doesn't have to be INTERESTING. If you can't make your opening chapters interesting, you're starting your story in the wrong place.
I wrote my first two manuscripts using the en dash because I did not realise this. Nobody cared.
No, I knew how to use em dashes (as in, what they're used for, and when to use them) but instead of em dashes, I was typing en dashes.
Not only that, but there's a difference between *winning* a legal challenge and avoiding one altogether. You want to do the latter, since it'll cost you a fortune if a famous author did decide to take you to court.
&gt; For traditional publishing, going to conventions and meeting agents and editors in person seems to be important in getting your manuscript noticed Nope. Don't get me wrong, it can help, but plenty of writers – most, in fact, myself included – get their agent through good old fashioned querying. Which you can do by email from anywhere in the world. &gt; I have doubts about long-distance communication between myself and an agent or editor. Why? Most authors – even in the US – rarely, if ever, meet their agent/editor face to face. I sold two books to Germany, from Australia via a UK agent and got them out in the world without any problems at all. Most of this industry works off phone/email. You do not need to be local. &gt; should I get an agent and or publisher in my country Only if you want to, and it's the right market, and you can. Otherwise, if you're writing in English, to the right level, and want to try for a US agent, there is literally nothing stopping you than these unfounded doubts. &gt; Does my being from a country where English isn't the main langauge drastically affect my chances of getting published traditionally? Only if your English isn't where it needs to be. Though I will say that certain types of stories can be a harder sell into markets outside of our own.
So at this point, you want to look for the difference between copyright and trademark law. When certain properties get famous enough, elements of them may be trademarked. Now, I don't know for sure, but i'm going to go out on a limb and say most things in the HP universe will be out of bounds for this reason.
&gt; they are capable of detailing a protagonist's past trauma and fears in a mystical, unrealistic way Others have given you other great reasons for why dream openings are disliked, but for me, this is actually the real problem. A book opening sets the tone for the story and tells me whether I'm likely to like what comes next. And that's hard to do when you indulge in something more mystical and unrealistic. It's almost like a false start and often is incredibly off putting because it's confusing. I don't want to be confused or trying to figure out what's real or not when I'm still finding my feet in your story. All that said, ANY good opening can be done well enough to work. And I say that as a writer who just got agented on a book that starts with a wake up scene (another agent no-no). But if you are going to go against traditional wisdom, you need to make sure you know ALL the reasons why people usually hate the set up and find a way to avoid making those mistakes.
If you honestly can't think of comps, you can leave them out of your query (at least in most cases, some agent forms will require you to say something in this field). No agent is going to pass on a great query because of no comps. They MAY pass on an okay query due to BAD comps. All that said, you really, really need to read widely in your genre. Comps should be recent titles from the last 2-3 years and demonstrating a good knowledge of your market is a huge plus. Good comps can be the difference between a form r, and an agent reading the pages.
Depends what you're in it for, and what you're writing, and what you can invest. Very generally speaking, trade publishers are still better at getting books to readers than the average self publisher (most sell a handful of copies) – so if an audience is what you want, that's probably the go to. They also pay for everything (editing, cover, layout, marketing), and might also offer an advance up front. So if money is an issue, that's probably the go to. That said, some genres do better on the self side – though (again) generally speaking, successful self-publishers are in it for more than one book. The ones making bank are the ones who release quality work on a fairly regular schedule (often 2-4 books a year). The money comes from having a back catalogue, not just one book. There are also genres that perform better on the trade side. Kid lit and literary fiction for instance are two where trade still dominates. So really, you need to know where you sit in the market, and then research where that cat/genre performs better.
Because all great writing breaks these rules. Problem is, you need to know the rule and understand *why* it became a rule in order to break it thoughtfully. Learning this craft – like any other – is about learning the basics, then slowly commanding and outgrowing them.
&gt; would like to know if there are any impactful, inspirational, dignified female chars in stories who aren’t known for their bodies but do in fact have large breasts. My question to you is: why does this matter other than to somehow sexualise them? I also think you need to work on your wording, because as it currently stands, you are currently implying that large breasted women in fiction are somehow less impactful, inspirational, or dignified. Something to realise when asking this sort of question is that you are playing right into the stereotype of making assumptions about a woman based on her body. Truth is, any book which doesn't specifically mention a woman's cup size could have characters with large breasts.
This might help: https://www.reddit.com/r/writing/comments/bjhibz/writing_ya_a_guide_to_the_category/
Which one is better? Which one feels more relevant for the current market? Lead with your best and most marketable foot.
If the MC isn't in on the joke, you acknowledge it's an inside joke by having them reflect on the fact that both cousins laugh even though they (the MC) don't get the joke.
In the publishing space, non-competes are more like contract terms that guarantee an author won't cannibalise their own potential sales with publisher A, but releasing a very similar book under the same name, in the same genre, at the same time with publisher B.
We literally do not have enough info here to assume that. But if that's the case, OP won't find such clauses. Anyone else reading now knows they exist. EDIT - ok, I've now seen the rest of the thread where OP states they don't have these clauses and that it's work for hire. When I made my original comment, they hadn't stated that yet.
Honestly, my tastes run commercial so it's not really an issue for me. But I'm sure a quick search in your genre will yield forums where you could trade recs.
The audience. Tastes change over time. That’s true in most media. What was once the norm or revolutionary, over time becomes dated or out of touch. In this case, the publishing industry has also changed. As has the reader base and reading habits.
Look at the writing. Compare it to a recent debut release. Also, tropes that were new and shiny then, are old and tired now.
AGENTS DO NOT COST ANYTHING. I'm shouting that because it highlights a gap in both your knowledge and that's a problem. Do not jump – or let her jump – into the trade publishing space without doing the proper research. She did the work of writing the book – why spoil its chances by half ass-ing now? Agents are more hassle, yes. They're an extra step, for sure. They will also get you bigger and better deals with better publishers. And at 15, your friend is not really in a position to navigate the legalese herself (you thought an agent cost money? Imagine needing to pay for a lawyer to vet the contract). There are a lot of predatory publishers out there – both vanity and legit – that would offer an agent less offer a very bad contract which can screw them for years. So it's either do the research, or get an agent. (oh and though her age is an extra thing, it will not stop an agent signing a great book – she does not need to disclose it at the query stage)
In a publishing relationship, the agent takes the place of a lawyer, yes – they are experts at publishing contracts. And no, i doubt your friend would need a separate lawyer, but she will likely need a guardian to sign any agreement until she's 18.
Advice I was given about the UK side of things is that personalisation is more important here – literally, a few of my writer friends were horrified that I was planning to query completely cold with just the standard query – so keep that in mind, and probably put that personalisation at the top. The good news is, because they expect it, they're less particular about things like "don't just parrot my wishlist back to me' like some US agents are. You're really just showing them that you picked them for a reason. Otherwise, the story/bio parts of the query remain largely the same unless otherwise stated.
There is a common misconception amongst writers that editors are demons whose sole purpose in life is to buy books just so they can ruin them arbitrarily. This is not the case. For starters, editors at publishing houses don't acquire books they hate. It takes a whole process and group of people to decide to publish a book – they're not doing that if they feel like it needs a page 1 re-write – they would just buy a different book. That said, they will ask for changes. Sometimes big ones. I've been through it with two books now (and a third under mentorship), and painful as it was (edits are always painful) the books are so much stronger – that third one got me a new agent who barely asked for tweaks before sending it out because that's how good the developmental edits made it. Truth is, if you look for the difference between books that are fine, and books that are great, it's usually how willing the author was to let go of their original vision and really work to improve the book (that's why there are so many mediocre self-published books out there – they're not bad, but lack of editing makes them not great, either). Because while we think our version of the story is the best, that's often not even close to true. If you want a full write up of the editorial relationship, here's a whole post I wrote about it: https://www.reddit.com/r/writing/comments/8yx51w/working_with_editors_what_you_need_to_know/
You can always talk things through. Edits – as I said in the post – are a conversation. But you need to be willing to work to a compromise – especially if your book is longer than average AND filled with elements you personally admit seem unrelated to the main plot. Part of selling your book to a trade publisher means giving up control. I changed 30% of the plan for book 2 based on my editor's notes on the synopsis I shared. I changed another 30% in edits after I wrote it. I gender swapped a character, added a whole new 15k sub plot, changed several more including part of the climax, and un-killed a character based on her feedback. She was right on all those counts. It made the book better. But it was hard. There were also things I didn't agree to. We talked about them and came to a compromise. The point is: if your fear of changes is &gt; than your want to be trade published, then self-publish your book. Or... you can trust the process. Trust that these editors love books and know what they're doing and aren't there to leave anything behind unless they honestly believe it will enhance the story in ways that maybe you can't see on your own. At the end of the day, any changes you're asked for will be to make the book better for readers. So sometimes, getting to the point or capitalising on the thrill is 100% the right decision.
Short story thing aside, the self-publishing in order to trade publish plan rarely works. Succeeding in the self-pub space (to the point where trade pubs will pay attention or care) usually requires different skills to succeeding in the trade space. To sell the thousands of copies required to matter, you'll likely need to write fast and in the right genres on the self-pub space. Most self-pubbers only ever sell a handful of copies. Common wisdom is to pick one path and be prepared to stick to it for the long haul.
I'm going to add a tiny caveat to this in that SOME agents now consider this a grey area – depending on where you put the book up. If it's anywhere where the book has an ISBN, yeah it's pretty much done. But some agents don't really care if it was up on wattpad or whatever. But you do need to mention it in the query. Even if it's a turn off, they deserve to know the publication history of the book.
How hard have you really looked? This is a pattern of behaviour that is very common with reviewers or 'best of' lists. Reviewers fixate on the same few authors/titles and forget that every year hundreds of new titles are released. Look a little harder. They're out there. Some amazing new voices doing amazing work in pretty much every genre right now.
If it stops you getting to the end? (a common problem) – yes. Otherwise, no. Though it is a slower way of working, and you will expend energy editing bits that may end up cut or changing once the whole story is done.
Both love interests need to be equally viable and interesting. If the reader knows from page one who your MC will pick, the triangle will be annoying.
Your prologue should be as short as you can possibly make it while still achieving what the prologue needs to achieve. Prologues – even the good ones – are a barrier between the reader and the main story. You want to make that barrier as small as possible. But obviously, you don't want to cut so much that it becomes pointless. It's a tough balance. Good prologues exist but they are not easy.
&gt; I just don't think it's all that fit for YA Read more widely in YA. Literary YA is a thing. YA in verse is a thing. It's not the HOT thing – so you don't see it on billboards – but that doesn't mean it's not there. And just for the record... pretty much every hard or heavy theme in existence has been done in YA. Honestly... your biggest problem isn't prose, it's that you don't know your market AT ALL beyond the headliners.
&gt; Isn't traditional publishing all about what sells? And we, as writers, have to find the delicate balance of writing what we love vs writing what sells. I mean, yes... BUT literary YA EXISTS in the trade space NOW! So does YA in verse. These aren't hypothetical books I'm talking about - they are real books. Traditional publishing does favour commercial books, but it's not the ONLY thing they publish. Most books aren't big money makers and most aren't expected to be. This balance you're talking about isn't a case of ONLY writing in one way. Again - it all comes down to assumptions you're making about the market without knowing it well enough to make that call. Know it better, and you will be able to better reach that balance without feeling like you're losing something. Read some Leigh Bardugo - commercial with beautiful prose (this isn't even what I'd call literary prose in YA). Laini Taylor too.
