Get hope, haha yeah, I had hope with Obama, but now there's only hate.
$69 million dollars ;)
Or "just a prank bro".
More like Let's Make A Deal.
Do you really wanna live in a world without Coca-Cola?
Neither for OP.
A whore sure is used to bending over.
Dude, this episode didn't air yet.
... M.D.
Crisis actors whenever a tragedy happens ... Oh wait.
The tip of my middle toe on my right foot is basically dried up. When I touch the skin part, I feel nothing, it's kinda hard to trim my nail because I'm not sure where to stop cutting. The dry skin gets so hard that I occasionally pick it off like a scab, and then it grows later. There's no bleeding or anything.
Disgusting!
It's true man, don't give up hope, it's always brightest just before the dusk!
Really well.
Schindler's pissed!
Or his mouth, but hey! I don't judge, you do you!
Tony: food and water ran out 4 days ago, oxygen is gonna run out tomorrow morning. Friday, play despacito.
Also when he and Gale Boetticher work on their superlab provided by Gus, one day Gale makes pure coffee and Walt tastes it and likes it so much that he goes "why the hell are we making meth?" If only they had a chance to quit the meth business and make a new brand of coffee instead they could have been legit rich!
Deeees-- paa-- ciiito! quiero respirar tu cuerpo despasito!
how do you tell time in space?
Better yet: Have Dr Strange portal cut everyone in half who's not from Earth.
Movie actor, he played Spider-Man.
Actor Freddie Prinze Jr. was also a writer, specifically for the WWE shows.
What is this, some kind of ... YouTube rewind?
This took a turn!
But they gotta pay!
Even worse when SHE gets investigated.
3 years
BB-8's VVG!
You would pitch the piss pitch?
MAGA hats: Made And Garmented Abroad!
Yeah but based on the date it's technically almost 3 years, so saying 4 years is a hyperbole.
Yeah I may have been exaggerating.
"You should have gone for the head" suddenly has a new meaning.
Guess you haven't met OPs mom!
Especially trump.
Maybe she didn't want to remove it!
Sorry to burst your bubble but the line was "you are going to die for that".
Who was that, Borat?
Good advice, not just for waking up.
Only a true Smock would misspell that word.
You should get a pineapple in your anus for having voted for chump.
Mom's spaghetti!
Au contraire, I think if he wasn't president he would have been dragged through the mud sooner, especially with the #MeToo movement last year, he would have been outed from his company.
What about the Marvel movies for New York alien landings?
SoD Yeezy!
trump would be the Grinch, but without realizing it's a joke.
You know what you meant.
This guy detectives.
Please, we'll impeach him for free!
Username doesn't check out, your comment of "dumb as potatoes" made me laugh!
It stars with Fin waking up from his injuries sustained in TFA, after having dreamt all that bullshit from TLJ.
I would love to be at your high school, watching you stretch at the gym, hanging out with your friends, thinking about how much I wanna choke and fuck your barely legal body!!
Even in Germany, that's what Das Boot means right?
I know it's easy to make fun of Pitbull, but he took his life from negative to positive, I just want you to know that.
Because his roommate is his wife.
It allows you to draw two cards from your deck. Edit: wrong meme.
Good advice for Thor.
THE FAST AND EASY WAY TO COME BACK TO LIFE!!!
Both sound Latin.
Huh! TIL...
This guy cums...
What about going to Grand Central Station?
But they should elevate the living standards.
Good idea, let's take it from the top and go from there.
BOOM!
Let's remake face/off with Bruno Mars and Rami Malek.
But Photoshop didn't exist back then /s
Donna Pincciotti had a young sister, and then she didn't.
They also made a joke about how Shotzi, Kitty's dog wasn't seen for a while. Kitty says he's been hiding under the house, and Eric says "for a year?"
Oh yeah, Togepi hatches but stays inside the egg shell.
The genitals "come" that way.
IDK if this means anything, but my subtitles say "Falken" not falcon. I guess I would also think it was spelled Falcon or falcone if I didn't have subtitles.
I'm just gonna leave [this](https://javout.net/a-raped-and-destroyed-little-girl-mimi-age-18-mimi-yazawa/) here.
TRIGGER WARNING I walked out of Spider-Man into the Spiderverse recently, idk why there aren't complaints about epilepsy attacks from this movie. Right at the start, the Marvel logo gets distorted like in the Unfriended movie. Then the movie is alright with the Miles Morales character, but then when the alternate Spider-Man shows up, I got lost in the story and it only got worse from there with all the flash and colors. I had to walk out. Seriously though, am I alone in this?
Someone should remind them that "we are a nation of laws", any takers?
Jeff Bezos is the Batman of business leaders.
He's jefe man!
The scene in 38 snub where Walter is buying a gun and asks the guy if he can see it, the guy replies with "basically any lawman worth his salt is gonna spot that". But in Metastasis the scene plays out a bit different, the guy laughs and tells Water that it's so obvious he's carrying that he looks pregnant.
Individual one.
*raises hand* Um, I live in NYC and I ride the subway frequently. Dogs aren't actually banned from the subway. I know for sure that they are not permitted on the bus unless inside a basket, but the subway is fine. I always see dog on the train.
Hmm, HOMEward Bound, The Long Way HOME, gee, I wonder how the movie ends...
I can picture you slowly fading away during those weeks like Marty McFly.
Only one of those prevents you from running from office...
That sounds so creepy out of context.
While most people would multiply their bank account by 10, I will do the smarter thing and multiply my hourly wage instead.
Think again, I read a story that one night he was awakened in the middle of the night by a strange noise outside, and he went to the door to investigate. It turned out to be a raccoon, but when returning to his bed, he accidentally stepped on a Lego piece.
Fuck the DVD, stream it illegally!
People were also being dicks to Steve Rogers when he was in the military, because he was weak looking.
Take him to the moon for me!
Does this mean that the Avengers facility is in Buffalo, NY?
I'm sorry, i thought this was AMERICA!
Reddit, run from it.
You can blame the prequels for that.
As well as their mom's fluids.
Play Killer Queen on full blast!
Shes not Finnish, shes british.
Maybe the stones have that "no wishing for more wishes" rule.
Wasn't there a movie about Enzo Ferrari played by Christian Bale? I thought it was this one.
#Oscarssowhitepart2
Now let's talk abut those movie posters with all the characters posing and facing forward, with some blue and orange color scheme.
He used the same slow burn when showing Darth Vader in Rogue One, just one scenes with him around the middle part, then the full money shot of his lightsaber fight at the end.
And a fookin' pencil!
Am I the only one who likes him in The Judge, and the movie in general?
When you learn about negative numbers and infinite decimals: "So you're saying there's a multiverse?"
And it makes sense that they're still around by then, because they no longer allow abortions.
Some people, move on ...
Did you snort fire out od your nose?
So you're saying theres a chance!
They wouldnt want to anyway, shit's expensive!
Did you post this while driving?
Isn't that the plot of Prometheus?
Like in the music video for Gold Silver Diamonds.
But their appeal would increase again when you realize they are a great substitute for tampons.
Even flat earthers can agree.
You're telling me that before Newton no one ever saw shit falling down? Ever?!
And their mothers too.
Chokes on blood.
I've never come aCROSS such a long string of puns.
Pun the pow town dow!
Reality is often disappointing.
People from Spain are called Spaniards. Spanish is a language.
So was she.
Sure Aquaman.
Valkirie, Starlord, Drax, Mantis: Who's this guy?
Shazam: WHAT?
Well, we know that those guys are rough, perhaps it's time to seek new pervs. Maybe put an online ad saying you are looking for men to role-play rape with.
How about you just advertise yourself for regular sex, but then when you meet in person, you tell them that you are doing this for free and they can do whatever they want with you? Maybe then they will take a turn for the worse (or better?)
Antman drops off War Machine "Boom, you looking for this?" War Machine: Am i a joke to you?
An Ant has no quarrel with a boot!
Way to go tic tac!
Iron Man should be able to snap some oranges into existence...
Probably not a good idea to use homo jokes on a Disney movie.
That IS America's asshole!
So she didnt see Jon Watts on set? Or was that scene directed by Favreau?
You sucking?
You need help with blowing?
Portals ... you know what I mean...
Does he look like a bitch?
Ok, I'll need details, what's the target and how much blast radius are you looking for?
That's a good observation! Maybe someone she knows has found out about her rapescapades and is taking advantage of her! How exciting it would be if someone who has a crush on her has figured out a way to have his way with her as violently as possible without fear of being found out!
Like the movie 100 years? The one with John Malkovich?
Stop right here, don't go down the rabbit hole!!!!
Interacting with NPCs are a good way to learn to interact with people in real life, and to not judge them by their looks.
Can't crash into the windshield if there's no windshield.
Don't they dry off eventually?
A self-fulfilling prophylactic!
Happy Mango 12 hrs day!!
Wow, i assumed it was new based on the boom of app-based companies in recent years. Also i grew up poor in the 90s, so i have no idea how the internet was like back then. Thanks for your help.
That's for those who call action movies unrealistic!
He got 99 problems but a bullet ain't one!
There's a lot of stuff in toilet water, some more like bl-ass-phlegmy!
Or a funny bone.
Those pesky autocorrects must really be a pain in the neck.
all 2 of them!
like people who hate this movie.
I facepalmed so hard my face is all the way in the nighttime zone!
Dont forget te biLGBTQtennial!
They never left to avoid that annoying "bye son" pun.
Imagine being the last day of your sentence, and this happens.
I should run over a pancake back and forth many times until I lose count, then try to guess if it is now a pancake or a waffle.
I wish there was a word for sucking pussy like blowjob.
Is Spinda still available through research tasks? It's been a while since I have seen a new one and I only have 1,3,6,7,8 and 9.
Thanks
Hey guys, this is AussieOzzy's main account, I meant to write this on this account instead of my alt, so yeah: Now you can help your Nigerian prince relative and you can reap the rewards of your royalty.
That'll do pig
FUCK SHIT CUNT COCK ASSHOLE!
Wait i still dont get it, what does the word tinder mean?
He did.
Ok, hate to be that guy but, I can't read all this, even with zooming in, it is illegible, so how do I know this is real?
and also getting headbutted without feeling it.
0:17 Yeah, crazy stupid fine!
Any word on that missing Skrull?
It is inevitable...
I rewatched Avengers a while back and I got to the part where Thor take on the hulk, and I was surprised at how even back then, he could hold his own, albeit with mjolnir. Perhaps it shouldn't have been that surprising to see Thanos beat him down.
but he did undo the snap, that's gotta count for something.
Oh I do! *grabs tesseract* bye bye! *teleports away* Thanos: Oh crap.
Like Terrence Howard, his "next time baby" moment never came.
Also Black Manta.
Thanos: Oh no, you found my weakness - small knives!!!
Half-off sales are no longer a thing.
Avatar: I am inevitable!
"I see this as an absolute win!"
Earth really is in the shape of a mobious strip.
Instructions unclear, dick caught in zipper.
Breaking news tonigth at 8 - nope! Food channel! John ... you ARE THE FATH - no, food channel!
The kitchen?
I liked Secret Life of Pets 2!
You just saw the movie?? Were you able to avoid spoilers this whole time?
Where is Geneva?
What back pain?
Leave your front door unlocked and your bedroom door open, I dare you!
Only if you are Colin Firth.
I was googling pornstar Isis Love.
When donald trump said that ...
From NY, me neither.
He would have improved the dancing scene in Spiderman 3!
It better not be fucking Karen!
Maybe older people feel tired of learning new things in life, and feel that at 65 years old or so, they would have had everything figured out. That might be why they year for "simpler times".
Fantasy by Earth, Wind &amp; Fire.
Cover by Run-DMZ
Hello barkness my old friend...
F.
Who shits live on camera?
But enough about trump.
Like stains from ancient Egypt or something?
Have kids and lose another half.
You are doing it wrong.
Well not unless you snap!
And afterwards you feel a great sense of relief.
For women, one of those activities requires nails whereas the other prefers short nails.
Part of the journey is the end.
Username doesn't check out.
Technically Avatar had a re-release as well.
Peter already fought off a bunch of Venoms with his instant kill mode.
he will feces ass-ault charges!
but instead they saw Daniel Craig's double o's!
Casino Royale Flush!
they wanted to see his double O's!
You mean Goldsphincter!
wtf?
Maybe in the alternate timeline where Thanos and company traveled to the future and never came back, so the Guardians never formed and Ronan was still alive.
"Never surrender!" "... I'm going to surrender"
Oh crap, I didn't see him there!
Should have been Michael Pena who explained it to her!
OMG! That last picture is EVERYTHING!!!
Only 4 more years to go for the unsnapping.
The hardest shits require the strongest sphincters.
but what about the lions lounging at you?
Stormbreaker, I don't even need to be worthy of it!
The finale of Person of Interest, so melancholic!!!!
Going from KKK to XXX!
Watch Don Jon.
Co-starring in a gay movie with Mike Pence.
Joke's on you, video didn't automatically play, I just saw the thumbnail.
and pirate angel.
His rematch with Thanos was unsnapping people back to life imo.
"You know what's on that cradle? The power to make real change, and that scares you"
Yoda would be great at backwards Jeopardy!
Something something hardest choices.
More like fill in Pepper's gap!
You're right, you are more than just a fleshlight. You are also a toilet and a punching bag.
Well, technically they were only gone for a minute.
a cheeseburger.
Double Bang Her
Im glad it was a quick explanation, and not an earful.
Most rewarded low key comment I've ever seen!
Yeah but you are swimming in it, are you gonna swim with clothes on?
Im gonna need this redditor's name, you know ... for uh ... masturbation purposes.
Whatever cream there is thats good for your skin.
NO!
u/omart3 has left the chat.
What the hell? I mean, any chance they've been hacked?
There was a time when the NSA was a secret organization that the public was not supposed to know about. There waa even a joke about the NSA meaning: No such agency.
Well you see, trolland dump's life is worth more than all kids combined.
We are Venom!
He's so fat he cant even see his package!
Nah, he choked on a russian c*ck.
I'm happy to say I've never even heard of Datura.
The headline doesn't specify whose voice was incoherent.
Totally, calling boys little monkeys is supposed to be cute, unless they're black?
Gaston: Nobody fucks like Gaston!
Joke's on them, my wife is a black lady with a knife.
Not me.
And Bruce doesn't mind that people think he hides in a panic room by himself without inviting others. They know he is a snob.
/r/unexpectedmitchhedberg
Same for both seasons of American Crime Story.
Yo dawg, you like news on reddit about reddit?
I thought it was Hitler misspelled, did not know about himmler.
They better pack lots of toothbrushes and soap.
And must have broken arms.
Sory, who am I looking at?
Huh! TIL
Thanos probably also clenched his anus in case Ant-man showed up.
"Before we get started ..."
Wow, I'm surprised at how healthy and well donald trump is huh?
FLERKEN!
I thought he was gay.
Hey Billy, so any idea why the link redirects like that?
I firmly believe that this wouldn't have happened if trump hadn't been elected president.
Getting a small loan of a million dollars from daddy.
And by the Johnson.
Jumanji: Sorry, your Karen Gillam is in a other movie.
They gotta do Jumanji: Fortnite at some point.
They could have cashed out their 401KKK.
With great power...
He just talks about patience, and how sometimes it leads to very little...
Its from guardians 2, Nebula eats one and says "its not ripe".
Not the hero we deserve...
Rice.
What do you mean by the Interstellar one?
A smaller scale twist compared to the ones mentioned here but, the reveal in 22 Jump Street about the girl Schmidt was dating led to the biggest roaring laughter I've ever heard in a theater, not once, not twice, but three times! First when the twist is revealed, then when Ice Cube is in the omelette bar, and lastly when Jenko finds out about it.
I thought you meant that literally, like Coop was the ghost of Murph.
maybe he's making a cumelette
I tried watching gay porn once, just to see if I liked it. Couldn't even click a video.
TIL New Zealand and Australia are on the west.
It spun our heads to face Canada.
They're bringing guns, they're bringing bribes, they're racists.
That does it! I'm cancelling my Netflix account.
But you said "western cuisine like NZ and Australia".
Hannibal Lecter in Silence of the Lambs.
Ooh, TIL.
I feel like its an easy watch, the other day i watched it on Netflix just to rewatch the Luis interrgoation scene but ended up watching the whole film.
If they had gotten the rights to the X-men earlier, Wolverine would have snapped Thanos away without dying, and Tony would have lived!!
Maybe Banner secretly snapped him back to life.
This would be Coogler's first movie without Michael B Jordan.
Denzel for sure! They just gotta de-age him like DeNiro.
Dr Manhattan is black in the HBO series???
They also made this joke on Gary Marshall's New Year's Eve movie.
He can't get drunk, remember?
TIL Eminem was in the program.
Are you saying that Hector and his rectum are real?
Getting to know someone, albeit on the internet, is creepy now? Did you not see the part where he said "happy bday, joy and peace"?
Dumbest part of the movie.
The best way to celebrate new years with Endgame is to time midnight with the portals opening.
All these replies ... does this mean that OP is full of shit?
Maybe theres a time limit because at a certain point you dont look close enough like your younger self. Imagine an extreme example of someone claiming to be alive 40 years after they were declared dead, the courts can't just take a man at his word. He could be an impostor.
r/beetlejuicing ... am I doing it right?
When a male kid becomes a teen, his balls drop.
Also Iron Man 3.
So your hooker hours were 6-9?
I PREFER SYRUP!
Its either parking a limo in a doghouse or riding a bike though a tunnel.
It could be a sweet gramma though.
r/woosh
Currently drinking beer due to new years eve celebration, cheers from the past mate! 🥂
Hey, while I have you, is it true that people in Australia say cunt like every other word, like dude?
But it's not considered a curse word right? Are you peeps always discreet when in the US?
Remember when one of her bodyguards accused her of sexual harrassment during the #MeToo movement?
Image may contain erotic content, verify that you're over 18 ... TF????
3 decades makes you 30, plus however long you existed in 89 and one day into the 2020s. Makes sense.
Probably white.
Join the secret life of P.E.T.S.
You couldn't have done that earlier?
The Revenge of Kitty Galore!
"Hey, who was that guy you choked out man, he had it coming, who was that?"
It don't matter, he's dope!
Um, pretty sure in 5000 years we'll have translators chips in our brain, I mean, we have the internet now to translate things.
He's so mad but he won't!
Might be something obvious but, the digital mask used by Black Widow to fool Alexander Pierce in Winter Soldier was inspired by the skrulls.
Yeah but that's just it! For them it was 6 hours!
Then he was right about Mexico sending drugs, crimes, rapists ...
Dread it, run from it, war still arrives!
We all think that at first ... we are all wrong!
That's a good girl!
Not the lighter kind though.
I have spoken!
Drax is basically the audience.
Vision was a pussy huh!
Trump's gonna have a walker, neck brace, and an oxygen tank in his Senate trial then!
Where's Mike Brady with a fat book when you need him?
His globes won't be golden when he goes to prison!
But who watches the watchmen?
They can always bring him back, the technology is there.
Lots of guns!
It's on the news! And the news ... never lies!
Thanks for getting the reference!
Is Jane Foster Bill Foster's daughter?
Asgardian Psycho.
Let's see Thor's card!
Hey Thanos! *cuts arm off with stormbreaker* TRY SNAPPING YOUR FINGERS NOW YOU STUPID FUCKING BASTARD!!! AAAAAGGGGHHHH!!!! YOU! FUCKING! BASTARD!!!!!
Is the guy on the left Nick Mundy?
I wish we could get Seth MacFarlane again, he was so good last time!
More like Iswam
What?!?!?!??!?!
Dread it, rum from it, Sarah Halley Finn still arrives.
His brother: Hey, I'm swimming here!
Is she a famous enough actress to call her roles in a movie a cameo?
Well, like the old adage goes, there's always a bigger fish. For the purposes of storytelling though, they can't just bring in a previously unknown powerful character to defeat Thanos, it would feel like a deus ex machina.
WHY IS GAMORA?
&gt;seems links to owner get shadow hidden Um, what?
They should have given him Klaw's arm cannon thing from Black Panther, that would have been a nice tie-in, plus it's the same arm!
A symbol of America and a billionaire playboy, both superheroes, get pitted against each other by to a non-superpowered villain, who blows up a government facility. Captain America: Civil War and Batman V Superman.
That's just his life.
of course! a woman gets pregnant by swallowing jizz!
He totally got snubbed for best actor for Hellboy.
yes!
Does life begin at ejaculation?
Also everybody dies at some point.
TIL Nestle has a bad reputation.
Wow, the fact that even after Infinity War and Endgame we still didn't have a million subscribers really says something huh! I guess Reddit is more of a niche website than I thought.
the mall at the end, is that a Bloomingdale's?
plus a $0.69 tip
Disney wanted to push for a "popular movie" category at the Oscars so they could promote Black Panther for it, when they were denied, they said "Fine ... say, you know what movie is really great this year that we want to campaign for best picture? Black Panther!" That's trying to have your cake and eat it too.
Jake Sully! Naavi!
It's not like everything went back to normal, 5 years have passed with the world changed, the people who died are still dead.
In Captain America Winter Soldier, when he was a guard at the museum, he wouldn't have been like "oh man, I'm so fired", he would have been like "oh, there goes young me, rescuing Bucky. I k ow how that goes!".
"You asked me if I have any Oscar nominations, all I have are Oscar nominations!"
Was he killed in the snap in the comics?
He wouldn't have had time for Mission Impossible movies, so it worked out.
The hero in his standalone movie vs the hero in an avengers movie.
Imagine if he does a DC movie?
When Hulk smashes: Pepper: maximum occupancy has been reached!
Interesting, so we don't know if he could regenerate from being dusted.
Is there a reason why the trailer on the IGN channel has zero comments???
"You will" *proceeds to smash*
I would love that as a 1000 piece jigsaw puzzle!!!
All he has is a bag of fries!
Devils dont come from hell beneath us, they come from the sky!
Aah!
Kevin Feige: I'm about to save this man's whole career! Dolittle: UNO reverse card!
Or they can just show reruns of the Cosby Show.
Also they could have shrunk Thanos and have Giant Man step on him.
That would mean that he is offering himself to masturbate others for a price.
Like the bulletholes in the Tenet trailer?
QUEEF!
You tamed MY monster!
A baby.
An abortion.
Shes a TV judge, so no.
Let's just do something called "kill yourselves" challenge, and rid the world of dumbasses overnight!
ahem *clears throat* IT'S CHINA!!!!!!!!!!!
You went there two days ago!
Speaking of conversations, how about when a character starts a dialogue but it seems like they've been driving for a while, and for some reason the character only started talking now.
When someone at work agrees to a spontaneous date, their shift conveniently ends in 10 mins.
HE NEEDS THE AXE!
I was looking into what makes people turn into ISIS fighters and pledge their full loyalty, so I looked up Isis Love.
All women do.
And then put on some icy hot.
Exactly, it's not like Neil DeGrasse Tyson is gonna be like "that's not how the REAL quantum realm works, I know, I've been there".
Or Mysterio?
Oh shit, I also automatically read it as "my family", as in his own family!
Why is fainting a problem? ;)
Or on twitter ...
Take it to the moon for me!
I'm in my house.
Damn, I actually read that as marijuana.
Or just a regular poster, like for an ad or something.
Moat comments here think it would be disrespectful, but most of the comments on r/memes think it's great! What the hell is going on?
Or the Americans, they will get drunk this superbowl weekend!
Wait, I know nothing about GoT but are you telling me that the TV series ended even though the book series isn't finished??
Sum Ting Wong.
Also known as squatter's rights.
She tamed his monster!
Even more troubling, one of the female perpetrators went on to become a District attorney.
"Fuck outta here, Jane Fonda!"
That opening score by Cliff Martinez is still eerie!!!
One word: Re-election (US)
Yeah, dollar store Fred Flintstone over there wouldnt give a rat's ass!
Tony: And I remember telling all of you that what we needed was an overhaul of the criminal justice system, remember that? Whether it impacted your white privileges or not, that's what we needed! But that's what we do right? Our best work after the fact, we're the protesters? we're the protesters, not the preempters? You know what? Obama was GREAT by the way, we need him, he's fresh blood, bunch of tired old mules, we got NOTHING for you cap, no equality, no fairness, no justice, no peace, no trust, LIAR!
More like Wombat-Man!
Also Bruce Wayne is lucky that the killer wasn't psychotic enough to kill him too to leave no witnesses.
Right now they are doing the opposite of what Lily Singh did.
Let him goooooo, let him gooooo!
Man, we're gonna have fun fast forwarding and rewinding through Ten3t!
So drinking milk is like having a cow bukkake!
The blacks never bothered me anyway!
I don't even understand the context.
how old is this tweet?
Oh, thanks.
A small price to pay for salvation.
It's simple, he killed the bat man.
must have been deleted.
This brings up an interesting question: Is it fair to look back at those moments as an adult and think "maybe those teachers were secretly perverts" or did they also think it was all in good fun? what would my parents have thought of it if they knew? Was it the culture of the times or people's own behavior?
... Walter White?
Since the first teaser for Black Panther, which came out on a February, was released in early June of the previous year, maybe the first teaser for The Eternals will come out next Tuesday or sometime this month.
And hire Michael Bay to direct.
Look, the city is burning, they're fighting an army of protesters, and he's got a bow and arrow, none of this makes sense!
Bang Bang You're Dead. It's a movie from 2002 that chronicles the life of a bullied kid, played by the amazing Ben Foster, who is a severely underrated actor in his own right. It's half regular movie, half found footage. The subject matter is more than "bullies are bad". Defonitely worth a watch!
Is it possible to charge the person who put out the statement with obstruction? Since it was a lie to cover up an assault?
YEAH SCIENCE!
When the pandemic and lockdown hit, did you think for a moment that you made the wrong choice, because of the complications with virtual classes?
I thought he meant climbing the corporate ladder.
Become a Sikh.
Also the white protesters might hesitate to sing the N word part.
The ultimate "Florida man" meme!
Remember in Endgame when after the events of the battle of New York, the Avengers were planning to go to "lunch, then Asgard" with Loki? Well, if we take that to be the in same timeline as the original, it wouldn't make sense, because in the after credits scene they are sitting around quietly eating lunch without Loki. It's not like they could tie him up outside like a dog. What makes more sense is if that after credits scene belongs to the alternate timeline where Loki escapes, Tony has a heart attack, and Steve fights who he thinks is Loki, until he sees an exact replica of his Peggy compass, so now they are all sitting around confused as hell, quietly eating lunch, not knowing what just happened.
Fat.
Right in the cameltoe?
You mean an "avengers level threat".
The only good thing about this movie was the third act scene where the main trio of heroes take on the villain together at last, right up until the hero from the first movie makes the ultimate sacrifice to end the battle and save the world. The rest of Batman V Superman was terrible.
Good for social distancing.
It's telling that I actually thought this was a recent tweet of his.
nah, he knew what he meant.
thats his actual vagina.
Isn't there a history tab on the app? Also you can just use your browser history to go back to where you left off.
He's like human jukebox!
Can you smell what John Wick is cooking?????
Darth Vader: No, I ... am your father. Luke: FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I thought you said older actresses.
Zzzzzzzz.......
I use my body in bed sometimes ...
They feel like bags of sand...
Unless you are aborted.
You probably don't think I can shove this towel down your throat, but trust me I can, all the way, except i hold on to this little bit right here. When your stomach starts to digest it, I pull it out, taking your stomach lining with it. It takes days to die, it's very painful.
So will this be a live stream online?
Thor: Why don't YOU grab it? Ooh, that's right ...
Scott Lang turns into Giant-Man. Spidey: Holy FUCK!
Sounds like a win-win!
yes, but my arms aren't broken.
He wants to slow down testing for midichlorians, because too many Jedi makes him look bad.
Still depends on what race you are.
Found OP's mom!
Put on the suit, let's go a few rounds!
Dude probably knew about the Mysterio twist, since he's such a fan.
It's simple, we kill the bat man.
Yeah, that's a good idea, blow spit into the air in a crowded place.
Even Germany bans Nazism, why can't we just do it here? We fought against them in a war for God's sake!
Well this current one is a nazi himself, so obviously that won't work.
What about the ideologies of Al-Qaeda or ISIS?
