Mostly just men complaining that they can't ever compliment women any more (mostly from men who rarely if ever give genuine, or even questionable, compliments to women anyway, and rarely if ever genuinely ask women out on dates). I have noticed more women, as well as some male victims, speaking out, as well as discussions of the problematic issues of the movement (hint: the metoo movement isn't a year old. It's over a decade old). The only men's behavior I've noticed that has really changed is the behavior of a small number of male victims/survivors being more likely to speak up and challenge certain gender stereotypes.
Cady or Janis, honestly. I would not want to spend any time with Gretchen or Regina either (Karen never struck me as a "mean" girl at all), but there's this weird aspect of society that demonizes mean girls who conform to one standard, but worships equally mean girls who conform to a different standard. Like, it's okay to say that Regina and Gretchen are mean, because they're vapid, conventionally attractive, and not very smart. But Cady is "smart" and Janis is "quirky and hard core kewl" so it's okay for them to behave like trash. Girls like Gretchen and Regina didn't notice me in high school long enough to be mean to me. Even in the movie, they do very little in the way of making other girl's lives unpleasant (save Regina starting rumors about Janis), they're mostly mean to each other, and occasionally make mean comments behind other girls' backs. I'm not even 100% sure how they're considered popular or where they heard rumors about other cliques, because their group is so insulated. Girls like Cady and Janis, on the other hand, made my life extremely awful as a child and adolescent, and they did so because they could. Because adults straight up won't believe you if you say girls like Cady are hurting you. Cady gets As on math tests, so she could punch you right in the face in front of a crowd and no one would blink. When Janis does they same things that Regina does, she is rewarded by her peers, because it's seen as rebellious and edgy because she does those things while wearing different clothes and listening to different music. Girls like Janis looked at girls like me seeking acceptance when we wouldn't have been liked or noticed by "Plastics" and said "fuck you, you can't sit with us either" and their friends cheered them on. The great thing about Janis' character, however, is that she knows this and says it. The great thing about all the characters, and the end of the movie in general, is that the Mean Girls *stop*. They grow out of it. They learn to be better. It's acknowledged that Regina has some sort of aggression issue stemming from, likely, problems at home. That Karen is a nice person but a dimwitted follower. That Gretchen is not a dimwit, but she is at her core a follower. That Cady and Janis can fix their problems without dropping to Regina's level then finding a way to go lower. The worst thing about the movie is the following that accepts that Regina, Gretchen, and Karen are mean girls, but sees Cady as primarily heroic and Janis as wholly heroic. Cady is only heroic at the very end.
Like I said: metoo isn't a year old. It's over a decade old. A movement started by a black activist for girls of color has been co-opted by overwhelmingly white celebrities. Which has its benefits (I have no hate for Alyssa Milano pushing the hashtag into the mainstream), that has given rise to things like Rose McGowan attacking every victim other than herself and saying racist things, the whole Asia Argento mess (and our apparent inability to discuss the issues surrounding that), Lena Dunham claiming allyship with the movement then turning around and attacking an underage black rape victim, things like that. Honestly, centering the issue around white celebrities created as many problems as it tried to solve.
"Vadge." It's just so much nastier sounding than the actual terms, and where in the fuck did you find a "d" in the word "vagina"?!
For these guys, they're never giving an unambiguous compliment like "that's a nice top." And I feel you on the injection of unnecessary information into compliments. I think a lot of people think that they're somehow "saving" people by giving inappropriate or backhanded compliments, like they assume if a woman is wearing a skirt and has nice legs, she must have woken up that day with the intent to show everyone her nice legs. And if no one validates that, she'll cry in the bathroom wondering "no one said my legs are nice! Are my legs not nice?!" It doesn't occur that her likely thought process was "gonna wear this skirt today because it's clean and matches my top" and that she won't be upset not to be told about her legs.
Yeah, sounds about right.
It's not just an American thing. I'm American, and dozens of times I've been reading a case and could not tell what country it was happening in (because we also get a decent number of Australian, Canadian, and UK cases posted here). And of course even if I can tell which country, and even if it's the United States, yeah, people will use the names of small cities/towns or counties and assume that's enough information.
IDK. It's not too common, but sometimes people will share "theories" that are so implausible and devoid of evidence that they border on disrespectful. They sound like they're basically writing fanfiction about missing people, murder victims, etc. Personally, while that may not have the superficial markers of "rudeness" like swear words or telling people they're stupid, it's pretty rude and disrespectful of them to look at a case and basically say "what happened is either A, B, or C, but wouldn't it be *exciting* if it was D, the scenario where drug-dealing aliens from Mars killed her to harvest her organs for the Illuminati?!" Rudeness isn't just about words or tones that make someone feel bad.
Especially when their explanation is not actually an explanation. This is big for plane disappearances especially, but people will do it for every type of case. "What happened to the kidnapped child who hasn't been seen in 40 years?" "He's dead." Well, uh. Yeah, probably. The question isn't "is he dead, check yes or no." People want to know who killed him, why, where the body is, etc.
I've noticed quite a few people who read a thread on a particular case (either obscure or very popular) and for one reason or another start their own thread to share their "theory" or as a single question instead of commenting. What is the end game of this? Usually the "theory" is either wildly unfounded or thoroughly well-discussed, as well.
Same. I hate clicking on links expecting to read about, yanno, something mysterious, and get a parade of completely solved cases of torture, child abuse, or gang rape. Bonus: it always is headed up by the Junko Furuta case, and people falling over themselves to perform being the most disgusted or outraged about it, and how they should never have clicked the link. *Everyone* is disgusted and outraged by that case, and the link should never be posted here because it's not unresolved.
I swear that's everywhere. If you suggest that anything less than the most extreme punishment be meted out for *any* crime, you are saying that you think it's okay to commit crime. Even if the offender is literally a child. Even if the crime is minor. Even if the punishment suggested is ridiculous. "I don't personally think a 10 year old should be hanged and disemboweled in the public square for pushing another kid down and taking his milk money." "*AT TEN YOU KNOW BETTER!!!!!!!!!! YOU THINK THIS IS OKAY AND WE SHOULD JUST DO NOTHING?????? WHARGLEBLARGLEBLEURGH!!!!!!!!!!!!*" Heaven forbid you point out that psychologically, kids *don't* know better in any meaningful way.
While that may be more common, it's not unheard of to cut other street drugs with fentanyl.
I didn't say the user wanted it in there. I said it doesn't make sense for the dealer to put it in there, in part *because* the user generally doesn't want it in there
I disagree with the tone of correction when you're not actually responding to what *I* said. Though actually, yeah, I question whether someone looking for cocaine would be likely to become a repeat customer if their coke was laced with fentanyl, both because it doesn't have the same effects as coke, and because it's got a much higher chance of making you dead (dead people can't by drugs).
Geeze. If I wasn't right about you being condescending and trying to pick a fight then, I'm sure right about it now.
A lot of people don't look/act stereotypically drunk or high when they're intoxicated. Most people don't stumble around screaming or stare at their hands for hours when they're just regular ol' high or drunk. And if you have any experience with being intoxicated, there's often a pretty big gap between "too drunk to drive" and "drunk enough to cause a scene when not behind the wheel." It's also possible that she drank some or all of what she drank after getting in the car.
Makes sense for Xanax I guess then. I'm still baffled as to why anyone would cut coke in it though.
Not new enough to assume that someone looking for fentanyl on the street and someone buying a party drug are seeking out the same experience for the same reasons.
In the US, there's very little reason not to get a high school diploma or equivalency.
This was very frustrating for me. The actress seems like a cool girl and is reasonably talented and deserves better. But Barb the character *sucked*. She was a bad friend, a complete drag, and she existed only to die and create motivation for Nancy and Steve (who are fantastic characters). I have specifically stopped hanging out with "friends" because they acted like Barb. Always trying to wreck the fun because it's not her idea of what we ought to be doing, and grumping and judging at anyone who steps one toe out of line, but never actually had the spine to simply back out of the situation she didn't care for. It's stressful and hurtful to have a friend like Barb telling you how much of a moron you are all day. The love for her comes from her unconventional appearance by the standards of Hollywood (as in, she wears glasses as part of her costume and isn't stick thin). That's literally it. I mentioned this briefly in a recent thread about Mean Girls, but honestly, teenage girls and young women who conform to one standard over another are given an extreme amount of leeway in acting like assholes and drips, both as fictional characters and in real life. If a girl "looks popular" by the standards of someone who is still bitter about the time a cheerleader didn't invited her to a party in 8th grade, everything they do is monstrous. If a girl "looks relatable" by carrying books and having glasses, or dressing in "quirky" scene wear, she can be a rabid monster and self-proclaimed "weird girls" will worship at her feet. Actions and impact don't matter, a perceived image does. There's a minor character in the first season of Stranger Things (Nicole I think) who is pretty universally hated by those who adore Barb. But Nicole's only crime is seeing Jonathan *acting like a sexual predator* and reacting to that in a way that was frankly quite reasonable, if slightly immature. But she "looks like a pretty popular girl" so therefore, her looking out for the immediate safety of a fellow girl is just the worst, I guess.
No one denied paychecks existed. They mentioned the workplaces that do not give them out at all. There are jobs that still use physical paychecks or pay cards, but the problem is, those aren't the jobs OP was offered.
I was able to go from sympathetic to not giving even half a fuck when someone said some variation of "you ruined my holiday" when I worked retail. People trying to order full dinners the day before, people throwing tantrums because we weren't open on Christmas (or open 24 hours Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve), people saying that running out of their brand of canned cranberries has destroyed the holiday, people throwing a fit because their gift packages were delayed a day because of deadly snowstorms that sent mail trucks careening off cliffs..... I can guarantee you that the only way Christmas was "ruined" for their families is due to the fact that their families had to deal with them bitching about the horrible, cruel people at the store who intentionally withheld things from them. At least I only had to deal with them for a few minutes. Their poor families probably had to deal with the dramatics for days afterwards.
Petsmart employee sounds like me when I worked a cash register lol. You hear so many outlandish things, half of which are jokes, half are serious. If you assume they're joking, the serious people blow their stacks no matter how stupid what they said is. So I just took the risk of upsetting the jokesters, because they'd just get put out, not mad. It's also why I never joked with customers. Most can take a joke, but after having a customer sit there wailing at my manager how mean, rude, and terrible I was for over an hour for making an *extremely* innocent and inoffensive joke about the availability of a particular appetizer, yeah. not worth it.
This may be a weird one, but not "letting people help" when I did not request help, and offers of help were politely declined.
I don't think you understand my post at all. But I am glad you got to share this story about how kind you are, I guess.
Yep. It's not directly stated, but due to the nature of the crime in these types of housing projects, CPD would really drag their feet in responding to calls coming from there, even calls about gunshots (which is about the only way to get some police departments to respond). In some cases, they wouldn't even show up. The writeup doesn't mention this (though I believe the link does), but Ruthie was mentally ill and had a history of saying things that didn't necessarily make sense. I'm not sure whether she was known to police, but the simple fact of being mentally ill (even if that mental illness isn't one that causes paranoia or hallucinations) will make people take your complaints less seriously. You even see it on this very sub. A history of mental illness, or even speculation of a never before detected, spontaneously occurring mental illness, will cause people to throw up their hands and say "well, mentally ill people do stuff that don't make sense. They probably killed themselves/ran into the night/whatever for no apparent reason, case closed." It's why I never accept "mentally ill" as a full explanation for any disappearance or unexplained death.
That very well may be true. However, it doesn't really explain where he went after getting off the train in London, why he never came back, or even necessarily *why*. Bullied and depressed doesn't necessarily mean suicidal.
Offer help. Ask if they need help. Suggest how you might be able to help. *Don't* continue pushing when met with multiple "nos" unless they're seriously going to hurt themselves or something like that. If they say "no" twice, then get to whining 20 minutes later that no one helps them, that's their fault. Point out that you offered help, and maybe they won't be such a damn martyr next time.
It depends on the offense, but I'd say within the first few dates.
This kind of story is why I'm skeptical of helpers. It my be cynical of me, but I feel like so often, the person who is the target of the "help" ends up being the target of anger if they don't react with "OMG than you so much, you're a martyr, you save lil old me!" Help should be offered to lift someone else's burden, not to feel superior!
A lot of stores will avoid refunds in cash or even back to a credit/debit cards in lieu of store credit if at all possible. She was probably trying to get the return in actual usable money when they were pushing a gift card or an exchange (and having worked retail, yeah, cashiers are pushed to offer store credit or exchanges first, but like 80% will let a cash refund slide even when it's not supposed to because of a sob story).
I swear to god, when I see men talk about women's sizes and measurements.....tons, and I mean *tons* of guys say that a woman who is over 120 pounds is "too fat," but will also say that I am "too skinny." I weigh 119 pounds so I'm really not sure how much a woman is actually allowed to weigh. Height also doesn't matter. If you point out that 120 might be normal at 5 foot 3, but a taller woman would be underweight at that size, they always guess at some insane height where a 120 pound woman would be underweight, like 6'9". Medically, a woman would be underweight at 120 and 5'8", which is a *bit* tall but not tall enough that a man wouldn't see multiple women that tall or taller every day. Adding women's clothing sizes on top of objective measurements makes the guessing a woman's size game even crazier.
That it takes hours to do (in regards to an average woman's daily routine or even a glamorous nighttime look). Maybe a super drag-inspired beat-face instagram look takes an hour, but most women I know spend between two and fifteen minutes on their every day makeup. That women do it to impress men or because we're cripplingly insecure. While I'm critical of the "women only do makeup for themselves" line because it suggests we'd spontaneously start applying mascara in a cultural vacuum (we wouldn't), the fact is, if women cared that much about how men felt about makeup, the makeup industry and trends would be wildly, wildly different. And if women only wore makeup because they loathed their appearance, then only ugly women would wear makeup. That men don't like makeup. Based on my very unscientific observations, I feel like men think of makeup as either the doll-like beat face look, or the type of makeup they associate with their elderly aunties (fuchsia lipstick, visible blush, powdery foundation, liner visibly over the lash line, etc.). But most women they're interested in looking at don't wear stage makeup or auntie makeup. "Natural" makeup or less eye-catching trends remain pretty popular with men as far as I can tell, even if they don't notice.
Honestly, like I said on the other thread....I don't think clothes are designed for the "ideal" woman either. Not 100% sure exactly who women's clothes are designed for shape wise....
I'm 28. I have friends who are 20, and friends who are 60. Having friends under 21 does limit how you can socialize with them, and people in their early 20s very frequently are unaware of how little they know and how seriously they take things that don't matter buuuuuut. That's true about being friends with people in their 60s as well. That's true about being friends with people who have toddlers when you're not a parent. I'd wager that my friends in their late 30s say the same about me. For some people, that's true forever.
When I served/tended bar, people always wanted to switch up the usual liquor or mixers with something else. Generally, though, there's a reason that that particular ingredient is used, and you will immediately taste the difference, even if you don't know anything about liquor and think they all taste the same. Then again, the people who do this like in OPs story generally do it because they like it, apparently due to having zero taste buds, or are so intent on their weird novelties that they I guess just grow to tolerate it.
Some parents are *so* afraid of their kid being seen as "different" or "sick" or "weird" that they'll honestly let almost anything go. I remember being part of a discussion where several parents all agreed that they wouldn't have their asthmatic children carry inhalers because they didn't want the kid to be teased by other children. They'd literally rather risk their kid dying than have to deal with some 8 year old shithead teasing them.
Not sure about Scotland, but Germany and Ireland *weren't* necessarily very nice places in the not-too-distant past. It's kind of odd in today's world, but if you go from the point of view of "my great-grandmother left Ireland due to famine and English persecution," or "we fought the brutal, genocidal Germans in the last war anyone liked" then you'd going to have lingering thoughts of them being crappy places. Interestingly, when I was a kid (probably 2000, so not *too* terribly long ago and not during The Troubles) I remember the librarian at our school talking about her trip to Ireland, and she made it sound like she was visiting a war-ravaged third world country that was barely industrialized and still trudging through a potato blight, with car bombs going off every 5 minutes, and the only thing Irish girls could aspire to was tragic teen motherhood. At the time, I assumed she had gone on some sort of religious mission trip or something, and I was probably a teenager with friends from Ireland before I realized that Ireland was generally not at all how she'd described. So if you don't bother to research, and your first education about something sounds negative, that's how you're going to imagine them.
Well, even a child only very slightly older than a toddler "knows better" than to kill, and a child would not need to be very much older than that to pre-plan a murder. A 3 year old knows that hurting or killing is wrong, and children as young as 5 or 6 have been caught attempting to pre-plan murder (which by that age, they do know pretty well that death is permanent at least on an intellectual level) or actually have killed. That's not the concern of the justice system dealing with juveniles, or the psychological studies behind it. I'm sure you wouldn't advocate sending a 5 year old to prison for 25 to life. Serious intent at an adult level requires *so much more* than an ability to plan in advance and a knowledge that something is wrong. Or else we'd literally have 5 year olds serving life prison sentences. Of course, a 13 year old has *more* understanding than a 5 year old (depending on the location, I think the age when a child can be considered legally responsible for their actions is usually about 10). But they don't have the understanding as an adult. It's not only that they don't, but that they *can't*. They literally physically *can not* work out their impulses the same way a grown person does. The fact that they can pre-plan something doesn't mean that they fully understand the consequences of their actions, or that they have the mental and emotional tools an adult has. I think adults honestly project their maturity and knowledge of the world onto children, forgetting how their brains worked when they were kids. I think this also gets muddled because people kind of think that not charging juveniles as adults means that children who commit crimes just.....get off. Like they get released into their parents' custody immediately, or go to a boarding school until their 18th birthday (and I know it's a bit weird to think about because the killer is now 40, not 13, but putting that aside). This woman will go to prison for 4 years, and she will likely have a number of other restrictions on her life after she is out. For comparison, there are adults, who commit crimes equally or more heinous, who get that much time *or less*.
Maybe I'm being generous, but it seems that they're more saying that a 13 year old cannot pre-plan a murder in a meaningfully adult way. I don't think they're saying that a 13 year old can't think far enough into the future to make literal plans.
Something that bothers me in the discussion of this case (as well as Asha Degree's) is the focus on a lack of technology. The discussion seems to go around in the same unproductive, nitpicky circle. "They didn't have the technology," "well what if they secretly had the technology and the parents didn't know," "but the technology wasn't popular back then," "well actually yes it was," and so forth. But lacking an online presence does not in any way preclude a child from being groomed by a predator. Despite the fear-mongering technophobia of the late 90s and early 2000s (which somehow has managed not to totally die today in a world full of Facebook, Tinder, and Uber), the advent of the internet was not the advent of predators. Predators willing to groom victims have existed as long as society has. In the pre-internet world, *as in the world today*, most people who are victimized are not victimized by strangers on the internet, and this is especially true for children. I'd say that a complete stranger from an internet chatroom victimizing a kid is only a little bit more likely than a guy in a trench coat driving a panel van victimizing a kid, whether or not that kid has a computer and a wifi connection. I have no particular clue what happened to Andrew Godsen, but his lack of access to 2010s era social media in no way rules out him being groomed in some way.
Women's hair thins with age. Shorter cuts tend to be considered more "grown" or "professional," while long hair is a more "youthful" look. Shorter hair is considered lower maintenance, and can be in some ways (though I think that is partially the bias of people with straight hair who have money for regular haircuts. Being broke with curly hair, shoulder-length hair is sooooo much easier than the pixie length). I also think that the "short perm" look in particular is more generational than directly age based. I don't see a lot of women in their 50s and 60s today with the "short perm" look, honestly. It's something I associate with my white grandmother and her contemporaries (so currently in their 80s and 90s, if not dead). They *never* had very long hair as adults, even in their twenties. A chin-length perm was trendy for that age group even when they were young, so that is what they stick with. The current trend among women in their 50s and 60s seems to be a blunt bob or the "manager" cut, though I also know a lot more women today in their 50s and 60s who keep shoulder length hair as well. Those hairstyles were popular when those women were in their 20s and 30s, so will probably be considered the "old lady" haircuts of the next generation, until the pixie cuts and pin-straight shoulder length looks that women now in their 30s become the old lady looks, and so forth.
I never said he ran away to start a new life, I said I have no particular clue what happened to him. I simply said that the bickering over whether or not he could have been groomed due to what we know about his access to the internet is pointless, as a child can be groomed with or without the internet. I will say that, like in the Asha Degree case, it seems that a malicious adult *has* to be involved somewhere down the line. The fact that he was a 14 year old in 2007 rather than a 9 year old in 2000 does make the possibilities more broad (it makes it somewhat more likely that he *tried* to run away to start a new life, though it's still highly improbable that he succeeded. I don't necessarily think this is what happened, but the possibility exists that he wasn't groomed at all, and just happened across someone who did him harm), but at some point, he must have encountered some sort of adult with bad intentions. Based on everything we know, he did not seem to be regularly in contact with any unknown person from the internet. But that does not mean he was not being groomed. There are more possibilities than "a scary stranger from the internet" and "he frolicked happily off to lead a new life with just 200 pounds, a video game, and the clothes on his back, and just never contacted anyone ever again," and those are in fact both pretty unlikely based both on probability and the evidence we know, but they're the options everyone focuses on so much.
That's why. That's also where a lot of the "clean your plate" and related tantruming from small kids comes from. Some of it is pickiness, and I'm sure many kids try it as a trick once or twice, but most kids who aren't getting the response they want aren't going to try the "I'm full of the healthy dinner, but suddenly starving for desert" trick every night (and it doesn't sound like this kid was trying for that anyway). Many adults simply have no idea what a proper sized meal for a 4 year old looks like, and will give the kid a meal fit for an overweight adult man, then wonder why they don't clean their plate and ask for seconds.
I encountered parents like this when I was a waitress as well. Kids would order water, milk, or juice (and *yessssss* I know that juice is sugary, but in context it makes no sense) and parents would insist that they get Sprite or Coke. Usually I didn't say much because the kids would just go with it the first time their parents contradicted them, but one mother argued nonstop that her 5 year old daughter *had* to have pop rather than water or orange juice "because it isn't breakfast." The daughter asked for lemonade instead, but apparently that was a no-go too for some reason. The girl did not want pop at all, and left her drink cup totally untouched (I did see parents order Coke or tea "for" their kids so they could drink it from the free kids meal drink instead of paying for it, but this mother was drinking cocktails and didn't jack her kid's drink either). The mother was also very uninterested in watching her daughter, so the little girl wandered up to the bar more than once asking for juice, water, or lemonade. It was....very awkward. It didn't feel right telling the girl no, but her mother was *terrifying* and absolutely did not want her daughter drinking anything but pop at dinner.
It's not hard to digest at all, at least no more than any other raw fruit or vegetable. You eat raw fruit, and raw greens in salads, yeah? I think it being harsh on the stomach or less safe is generally a myth. Broccoli is very good raw, as long as you like "green" tasting things. It can be a bit more bitter raw, but way more flavorful.
I went to a Catholic school and we had 1 family like that. I have no clue why they didn't just homeschool their kids, because the mom was always up at the school trying to get the whole K-8 school to conform to her way of raising her kids, and the teachers, principal, and priest would shut her down entirely. She wanted all the "bad" books like Harry Potter, Magic Treehouse, anything in our small YA section etc. out of the library because they were "evil" or not appropriate for her 6 year old daughters. She didn't want "unhealthy" special lunches or treats served, though her kids always brought a packed lunch so it's not like they couldn't have opted out themselves. I have no idea how they turned out as adults/teens, but I can confirm that when her kids got even the slightest taste of freedom (ex; running around at recess, being allowed to eat a single tootsie roll), they went *bonkers*.
The books are less than 70 years old, not 80 (maybe that's a minor point, but I notice there's a weird time dilation when discussing issues of marginalized groups. I've heard nearly word-for-word the same lines about media released in the 80s, 90s, or even early 2000s. If I can look at people saying "we didn't know better" back then and say "I was there, we did know better, and I am still a young person," I suspect we can look back at the year 1950 and do the same). 1950 was not 1938, and it sure as hell wasn't 1438. A woman Susan's age (think Nancy Pelosi, for reference), nationality, and social class would have been educated, exposed to the world, and more likely than not have some expectation of working or attending college at least briefly. She would not have been sitting illiterately in a room embroidering and waiting to get married off and pregnant. And even in the days of old (much older than 1950), women *still* had thoughts in their head and opinions other than "am I pretty" and "will a man like me." The thinking woman is not a post-feminist invention. Now I will say that the "Problem of Susan" discussion often lacks a lot of nuance; she wasn't locked out of Narnia for liking lipstick, though the concept is somewhat problematic anyway. However, women were full and complete people in days gone past. The reason they were portrayed differently is that a) women did not control much of the media portraying them at the time, and b) the divide between genders was greater so even fewer men had particular insight into their thoughts than they do now. The second point should resonate because even now, male writers are not known for writing complex and nuanced female characters, and men nowadays are expected to know and understand women as people (whether they do is a different story). Why would a man who isn't expected to have close platonic female friends, or who's never had a female boss, or who has few to no female colleagues, be able to write women well? No, women 70 or 80 or 800 years ago were not vapid ninnies. They just didn't have the same voice modern women do to stand up and say "hey! We are not vapid ninnies!"
The rule is basically "don't wear anything with black that could at a glance be mistaken for a different shade of black." Blacks are supposed to match (and yes, there are absolutely different shades of black). Brown also isn't supposed to go with black, but that "rule" has faded more and more. In reality, wearing navy or brown with black really depends on how it's worn. Sometimes it looks good. Sometimes, it looks like you got dressed in the dark.
They were out for a while. Yes, skinny jeans have dominated pretty heavily since the mid/late 2000s. Straight leg jeans are also available and have never not been. They're coming back in though. Unfortunately, the trendy look seems to be less "bootleg jeans in a reasonable length" and more "cropped flare pants the likes of which makes you look like a 12 year old who's grown out of their clothes, and also the hem is ragged for some reason."
The thing is, "cropped" or "ankle" pants were for a while often fashion-speak for "short length." Stores that sold "regular" and "long" lengths would generally not have a "short" option, but a "crop" or "ankle" option because I guess "short" is insulting or something? So most of those cropped pants were actually meant to be for short people to wear proper-length pants.
Same. Last time bootleg jeans were in, I was a skinny teen/tween who often had to wear kids sizes, so I spent a lot of middle school in flood pants and getting made fun of for it. I kinda want to smack the fashionistas who are about 5-10 years younger than me swooning over these pants because *they don't know the struggle* of having to wear flood pants because your body isn't conforming, rather than because its a kewl lewk.
Again, it depends on how it's worn.
I'm mixed-race (mom is black, dad is white). No one has seen my mother's natural hair texture since the Kennedy administration, and my dad has straight hair. She and my dad were *adamant* that I not chemically straighten my hair ever. However, neither of them have even the slightest clue how to take care of natural, curly, "mixed" hair. Neither of them can braid even at a basic level. They were also not keen on the time and money investments required for low-maintenance natural protective styles like cornrows or sew-ins. This meant that I spent way too long in old-fashioned black girl "baby" hairstyles (think poofy two-strand twists with plastic barrettes at the ends and greased down edges that never stayed). That's fine when you're 4, pushing it when you're 7, and downright humiliating at literally any point afterwards. My parents would pay for cornrows every so often, but never make appointments to follow up, and would randomly decide to take them out at inopportune times. At a certain point my mother did let me get a relaxer (I was 13). This probably would have turned out fine, if she'd taken me to get appropriate touchups and taught me how to take care of my hair (she had had a relaxer for 40 years at this point). She instead regretted it and refused to schedule appointments for touchups, teach me how to use heat tools, anything. She did occasionally let me (or tell me) get another relaxer about every year or so, but then would repeat the cycle again. She'd sometimes use heat tools on my hair, but alternate between literally burning my hair off, and being too timid to turn it up past "slightly warm" and just making my hair a poofy mess. My dad never tried at all, despite being adamant that my natural hair had to stay and getting super pissed if my grandma ever heat straightened it (which she did, well, so it's not like the ability to manage my hair was some obscure knowledge). Once he took me on a vacation and never tried to brush my hair, and it had to be cut off because a huge mat formed that he never even tried to comb out. He was also weirdly resistant to the few times my mother ever managed to buy products specifically for my hair texture. This plus a number of other poor choices meant that I spent ages with my hair breaking off at weird places or getting forced haircuts that I didn't want. My hair was very short against my will between ages 6 and around when I graduated college. It's only finally (I'm 28) getting to a length that I like and am comfortable with, and I just recently learned that my hair actually grows long, and it grows fast. I keep it shoulder length, mostly natural (aside from semi-permanent dye) now, and I have to cut it regularly to keep it from getting uneven from growing *too* long. I could easily have had hair to my shoulders or even past my waist for my whole childhood. It made me feel terrible, to be honest. My parents could have just let me conform with the other black girls and gotten proper relaxers or cornrows. My parents could have put forth the effort into caring for natural hair and let me be a trendsetter. But instead, they wanted my hair to *look* natural, but be low maintenance like straight hair (whether it be relaxed like my mom's, or naturally straight like my dad's). They also used cutting off my hair as a threat. It destroyed a lot of my confidence in my appearance as a kid, and if you don't think every kid, black or white, didn't give me vicious shit for it until I was literally an actual adult, you're wrong. And now white women who had long, luxurious, easy to manage hair as kids are hacking it off into pixie cuts, and then mooing at me "ohh geeeeee you'd look sOoOoOo cute with a pixie tee hee isn't it such a pain to have long hair lolskis why don't you just hack off all the hair you spent upwards of 3 decades growing to your preference because it's so kyoot and qUiRkY?" It simply isn't the edgy, defiant rejection of norms for me that it is for girls who had an easy time with long hair growing up. And honestly? Long natural hair is fifty times easier and cheaper for me than having short hair, or any other hairstyle.
Same! People always tell me that having longer curly hair is hard. Nah, I found it's honestly much easier to have long curly hair than short curly hair. Sure it's not "easy" like having straight hair, in that you can't just use any ol' dollar store trash shampoo then yank a brush over it once and consider it done, but it's *really* not hard to have long curly hair if you wash and condition it properly and detangle. Plus, long hair can just get thrown into a bun or ponytail! Short hair has to be trimmed up every few weeks.
Yes. This is often seen as a snobby, shallow answer implying "anyone who didn't go to a 4-year college then get a zillion postgrad degrees is dumb," but it *really is not*. My boyfriend technically has a lower level of education than me, but he does have *a* level of education and he also carries a particular attitude about learning that is exceptionally rare to find among people who don't have a certain level of education. It's not just "being smart;" yes, people with zero education at all can be very smart, but I find intelligent people who refuse all forms of education to be probably the most difficult people to be around, period. They're harder to deal with than even exceptionally stupid people. A certain amount of formal education (doesn't necessarily have to be post-university study) carries a certain attitude towards learning and towards work ethic that is just harder to find among people who reject education, *especially* if those people are naturally inclined to be smart. And yes, there are forms of education out there beyond just getting the highest available degree and reading the proper books. I don't require a Ph. D and a book report, but having graduated high school is an absolute bare minimum for me, and having successfully studied *something* formally after high school is pretty close to mandatory. It's also a matter of shared values for creating a life together; my standards for someone I intend to be in a permanent relationship with (including potentially raising children) are very different than my standards for someone I could be best friends with.
Honestly, I think a lot of rural folks and more far-flung suburbanites genuinely don't understand "the city" as a concept. In a lot of ways, our media demonizes city dwellers to the point that they may seem like genuinely a different species. Plus, when you visit "the big city," you're often visiting places where honestly, people don't live. Shopping districts, entertainment districts, and business districts don't have a lot of people who literally live there. A more mild example is a recent interaction with a rural dweller who sniffed at "city life" as just going to museums, shopping, and going to fancy clubs and restaurants. It just genuinely did not occur to this person that city dwellers live their exceptionally normal lives in the city, and do things like go to school, work boring jobs, eat at home or at McDonald's, read books, take walks, and hang out with their friends and family, rather than whatever they did on their 4-day tourist visit. Like people in New York all just mill around Times Square or visit the Statue or Liberty en masse every single day. In more shocking, upsetting examples, I've encountered people who've referred to poor urban residents literally as "animals" despite being just as poor and uneducated themselves, or who genuinely don't understand that well-off urban people aren't all cutthroat heartless asses like in a Hallmark movie, or who consider "staring at the homeless people" a valid tourist activity. There's this attitude that city people and closer suburbanites just literally don't have values, families, or souls. Not that our media also doesn't make some pretty nasty images of rural people, but as someone who's always lived in or near large cities, some of the stuff that rural people say to position themselves and their lifestyle is better is a shocking insight as to how people genuinely don't understand that people who live differently than them are *human*.
I've never been to Boston so I'm not sure how the layout works, but am cracking up at that question. Even the heart of downtown Chicago has big grocery stores! Residential areas have grocery stores, farmers markets, everything really. Even the food deserts have little liquor stores and corner stores that sell food (calling them "groceries" might be a stretch but it's certainly enough food to sustain life). A lot of cities don't have Wal Mart, but that's about it.
But dude! She owned a *jacket*! It wasn't even in tatters! :O
Could be he has no/fewer expenses. Sometimes I'm astounded at what a coworker who's junior to me and makes less than me spends on frivolous luxuries like designer sneakers, non-essential electronics, expensive gifts, eating out 2-3 times a day.....then I remember he pays no rent or real bills, has no car, just phone bill and a really tiny amount of child support, so 80% of his income is just expendable.
That last line is everything! I understand the appeal and perks of living in the country or far-out suburbs for other reasons, but the great thing about bigger cities is that you get the standard big chains, plus all the niche little extras that there's no market for in a smaller town. I now live in a smaller city (though definitely still a "big" city) that's a quick drive from suburbs and rural areas, and people from nearby smaller towns *still* openly wonder about this. There *are* more options. You can shop at Wal Mart and go to the neighborhood dive bar here too, it's just that you can *also* go to the Asian market, the Halal market, Trader Joe's, the local co-op, the trendy hipster grocery, one of 20 other neighborhood dives, a nightclub, a punk bar, one of a dozen hipster bars, a bar that specializes in whiskey or craft beer or wine or tequila, etc etc etc. And if you don't like those things, and are set in your ways....Wal Mart and the local dive that only sells Bud still aren't going anywhere!
I've been seeing these things around for a while, and who came up with this dumb idea?! Even as a kid I would have found the concept weird. Is there something I'm missing about these things? Do you have to scream at them, or can you just talk or clap to make noise to activate them?
Heck, my parents do this still, and I'm grown. I never even used headphones, but as a kid they'd stand at the bottom of the stairs calling me at increasing volume when I had music or the TV on and the door closed, until they became enraged. They start at a normal conversational tone too, like how you'd speak to someone standing in the same room as you. They got a bigger house and they still do it when I visit. I could be in the shower, watching TV, reading, dead asleep, outside on the patio.....and they stand at the foot of the stairs mumbling until they get pissed off and shriek. For bonus points, everyone in my family has hearing issues and they know it. If I am in the same room as them and speak in a normal tone, they can't hear me half the time and need me to speak up.
Ya, but your local pub is probably made of bricks or something rather than shark meat. Now if your local bartender was older than the US, *that* would be something. Especially if he was a shark.
They routinely criticize how others are having fun, assuming that fun isn't directly harmful. "I can have fun *without* drinking." "I don't understand how someone can sit around playing video games all day." "Why would anyone want to go to a Ren Faire?" "People who watch sportsball are so lame." Note this is very different than "I don't like." Not liking other people's passtimes is fine. Implying that you're better for not doing them, or that they are wrong for doing them, sucks the joy out of a room real fast. Also, people who claim to have a sense of humor, but tend to have trouble understanding when anyone else is joking or being ironic. Having a sense of humor is more than just making jokes until everyone else laughs and calls you funny. It's also having the emotional intelligence to understand that other people can and do make jokes. IME, "fluent in sarcasm" means "I make sarcastic comments all day and expect to be found amusing for it, but assume literally everyone else on earth is too stupid to make sarcastic, ironic, or joking comments."
Ah. People who say they're "fun and easygoing" but never have fun ideas themselves, are always "bored," and never have any input. You can't ever ask them what they'd like to do, because "oh, I'm so easygoing, we can do anything man, I'm chill," but then they're always so bored and antsy and asking "what are we going to do now?" These people position themselves as so carefree, but they're honestly such a burden to be friends with.
Telling someone they "fidget too much" is really obnoxious. And don't worry, people have zero problem telling others that they talk too fast. They are without exception always extremely rude about it, and take talking (or otherwise moving) at anything other than an elderly turtle's pace as a personal attack.
Almost always! For a small percentage of these people, you can convince them to say "I don't want to do X and Y, but you choose" and they're willing to do Z. For a much larger percent, they just shoot down all your suggestions, or worse, go along with what you say, then bitch later that you're always pushing them to do stuff they hate when they never spoke up to say they hated it. A friend of mine commented that these people don't want to do what you want to do, and don't want to tell you what they want to do. They want *you* to tell *them* what *they* want to do, which they've already mentally decided on. Which is very accurate, and also somehow ten times more boring and stressful than them just *saying* "let's play the same video game we always play for 3 hours," "let's sit in front of the TV for 3 hours," or "let's go to the same bar we go to 3 times a week." Which is *fine,* I actually usually don't care what we do. As long as it isn't twitching around going "well, what are we gonna do? What are we gonna do? What are we gonna *dooooooo*? But IDK I don't have any ideas, I'm chill, we can do whatever."
Yep. They'll try and correct me by whispering "stahhhhp raising your voice" as if they've been whispering the whole time, which with my own hearing issues, is actually much worse than screaming or swearing.
Unmentioned here, but most women who are conventionally attractive in their 20s probably weren't during childhood/adolescence. A lot of stuff that is admired about adult women is criticized in teenage and preteen girls, or requires "growing into." Aside from a symmetrical face, what makes a cute kid and a beautiful woman are often very different features. Plus, beauty standards change; if having curly hair is cool today, then the beautiful 25 year old woman you're looking at right now was probably told her hair was frizzy, nappy, etc. when she was 12 because straight hair was cool then. And even if that wasn't true, being targeted by other kids (or even other adults, especially parents) about your appearance when you're 11 weighs on you so much more than what movies and guys in bars tell you is pretty when you're 21. Not only were the women who were born awkward but grew to be pretty tormented endlessly as youngsters, but the women who were born cute and stayed that way often were too. When you're 21 and beautiful, your peers treat you well. When you're 11 and cute, your peers might take it as an attack and adults sometimes take it as so as well, out of bitterness or confusion. So you're a gangly, frizzy haired adolescent and you get called an anorexic nappy beanpole, or you developed faster than the rest of the kids in your class and you get your sexual behavior called into question before you even understand what that is, or you're just a kinda cute girl who maybe isn't the most popular, which inspires jealousy so everyone else calls you ugly even if they don't really think so. And people often find that it is acceptable to express their distaste for a conventionally attractive feature in vitriolic language, even to children; people don't just say "I'm not into thin girls," they say "skinny girls are disgusting, I'll name every skinny girl who I think is ugly, how do they live with themselves going out like that, I'd kill myself if I looked like that, blah blah blah." And that follows you from grade school to high school. That doesn't disappear once you graduate and look around and realize "oh, society values these features I have." It doesn't disappear when people say you are pretty, it makes you second guess those people.
It's not an excuse, but it is true in certain cases. The instigator preys on someone who's easily manipulated and is perhaps has already been abused, or is already prone to illegal activity. They build up with smaller things first. "What I'm doing to you is okay and normal." "It's fine if I grope/harass people in front of you, this is how we express our sexuality." They convince them to do more minor things, like steal or consume illegal porn or do drugs. They dehumanize their potential victims. They instill fear in their accomplice ("You know I'd kill them, I could kill you too"), or brainwash them into thinking it's normal ("I do this to you, there's nothing wrong with you doing it to them." "If you love me/are my friend, you wouldn't get me into trouble or shame my kinks"). Then it gets to a point where an average person would dip out and tell the police, but then again, an average, unbrainwashed person would likely never get to the line just before "let's kidnap someone as a sex slave," so we rarely ever hear about it being thwarted. Even in cases where there are witnesses that didn't participate, there are a lot of cases where those witnesses didn't tell for years because "I'm afraid of that person." Again, it's not an excuse. Even a brainwashed person who's been abused is and should be culpable for this kind of thing (like, why the *fuck* is Karla Homolka walking free?!). And it's why I am honestly very wary of people who strike me as easily manipulated even in situations where nothing is wrong. But it does give an answer in at least some cases where two depraved people seem to find each other. A lot of times there is a lead-up that could be caught, rather than just some sicko asking around at the bar until they find a girlfriend/boyfriend who says "yeah, that sounds like fun Sunday evening activity." I think a lot of the people who find friends or significant others who participate in this also probably "test the waters." They make comments and see how people react. Start with just plain lewdness and see how the other person reacts. If they think it's funny or agree, move on to rape jokes, then so forth.
I wouldn't call it discoloration. *No one's* skin is 100% even toned on every part of their body, and certain areas are prone to being lighter or darker (the vulva tends to be darker or redder on most women). You wouldn't call your palms or the bottom of your feet being paler "discolored" would you? Unless the color is changing rapidly without exposure to sunlight, or you see other changes that weren't there before, just leave it be. You could ask a dermatologist or gynecologist if it seems really extreme, but if it's always been that way or has been a super gradual change, it's probably just the natural variations in skin tone.
It's fine. She's not my first choice, but she's not a bad candidate either. I'd vote for her if it came to it without question. My only two big quibbles are her age and her propensity to wander into gotcha "traps" that detractors set up for her, like the Native American thing (she shouldn't have claimed it in the first place, and she *really* should not have responded with a DNA test that gave the results she got). And yes, I have an issue with Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders teasing a run due to the age thing as well. We have enough people in their 70s running a country already, and these people have been doing it since they were in their 40s. I wouldn't put a hard cap on the age someone can serve in office, but it's exactly why those who govern are so out of touch with what the American people want, even the people who ostensibly share their same political leanings. Someone who's children (if they have them) are already middle aged has *no clue* what the young and middle aged population actually need, want, and experience. I'm very concerned with how the Nancy Pelosi episode went, with her being nominated the Speaker of the House again because "there's no one there who is younger but also has the know-how and experience." That's *really bad*, especially if it's true. It seems that across party lines, the focus seems to be keeping in power those who've already *been* in power since the 80s and 90s. The response is usually "well who do you think should step up, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez? Hurr hurr hurr." But the thing is, there is a wide gap between 29 and 70. Is there seriously *no one* who is 40, 50, 60 years old who can start taking the reins here? If that is indeed the case, why aren't these older people considering that they're not immortal and they can't just keep it in the same little elite club forever.
I don't have a strong opinion on it now as an adult. I've had it my whole life, so there's nothing else I could reasonably answer to. I *loathed* it as a kid. Adults tend to think about how "cute" unique or unisex names are for little babies, but don't consider that perhaps a racial minority girl who is not necessarily conventionally attractive to begin with might not find it so cute to be referred to as "Mr." in writing and have kids scream "that's a boooooooy name" at them ages 4 through 14. Prents say "oh, I don't want my kid to be one of ten Jennifers in the class," but it would have honestly been a lot easier to be Jennifer Number 5. Though luckily, the name has experienced a pretty huge shift in the last several decades. It used to be a fairly male-exclusive name (to the point where I have met a few women my age or older with the name....and *all* of us are named after our grandfathers), then around when I was born it was rarely used at all, then when I was an adolescent, it exploded in popularity for little girls. So nowadays, it's more commonly associated with girls/young women, and the nail referring to me as "Mr." has stopped.
That example actually sounds like an exceptionally bad idea unless the bullying was *very* brutal. I'm talking beatings, severe sexual harassment, and stalking levels, and even then, the public apology part should still have been left out. Extreme punishments for bullying that doesn't extend to criminal levels is really psychologically unhealthy, and just enforced the idea to children (and yes, high schoolers are *children*. They're not babies who don't know better, but they're not adults either) that extreme, public reactions to wrongdoing is appropriate. Our society is extremely brutal, and there's this idea that meeting brutality with greater brutality will fix it. *It does not.* It just escalates it, and when children and adolescents are involved, it teaches them that performative, high-level reactions to all slights or wrongdoing is the proper course of action. This is where we get parents who beat their children to a pulp for acting up in school, or former high school bullies who join the police force because they think it's honorable to pump bullets into "bad guys" who are 90% petty criminals. Not to mention, trotting an adolescent out for a public shaming in front of their peers will not teach them *any* lesson in the short run. It will just humiliate them and make them angry. Humiliation, despite our society's bloodlust, does not deter bad behavior. It encourages explosive rage or covert sneakiness. If this actually happened (and I really hope it didn't), I am afraid for the victims of the bullies, because those bullies will come back after their suspensions and double down on their bullying, and they'll probably be smarter and sneakier about it this time. Psychologically, we have answers: firm yet gentle, *consistent*, punishment and redirection, is how you deal with bad behavior in children and adolescents. If the bully was given a scolding, a detention, a note home, or ISS every time they were caught engaging in bully behavior, it would teach the lesson that this is unacceptable without teaching the lesson that you react with viciousness every time you feel wronged. The consistency is key. You can't go from ignoring the problem to suspensions and public humiliation on a dime. The lack of consistency (especially when it ramps into extreme punishments like public humiliation, OSS, and expulsion) teaches children that they can get away with whatever they want up to a certain point, at which hellfire will rain down, but that line is impossible to see, so when they cross the line is apparently very random. It makes punishments seem random and extreme, and adults seem like they're irrational rage machines. If the behavior is given a mild yet firm punishment when it's low-level, it's going to teach a kid "hey, you can't do this." And like someone else said, child and adolescent bullies are usually reacting to something else in their life. Nasty kids don't just sprout from the ground fully formed with evil in their hearts and get evenly distributed to schools. Some of them are being abused themselves, some of them are spoiled rotten and never get punished at home, some of them are themselves being bullied by other kids. And honestly, some of them are just asshole kids who will grow out of it if given the chance. The problem with even the answer that we know to work is that children are smarter than adults give them credit for. Yes, even the bullies. The bullies will exploit any loophole they find to make their target seem like they're the problem. As an adult, it *is* easy to see this childish manipulation, but most adults who deal with this problem are too lazy to react to it. They instead react to the reactions. They also need to stop punishing victims of bullying for crying, yelling, fighting back, or "tattling" when the problem is in its infancy. No, I've never seen a school deal exceptionally well with bullying. Most schools ignore it save for a couple feel-good assemblies per year, or ignore it 90% of the time then go apeshit on a few scapegoats (ex; the description of what happened in OP) while failing to address the problem at its root.
It's the Just World Fallacy, and it allows people to convince themselves that bad things can't happen to them and theirs. It allows them to say "my daughters could never get raped because only *bad girls* with *bad parents* get raped and my daughters are *good girls* which means I'm a *good parent*." When faced with evidence that the world is not, in fact, just, people like this tend not to revise this viewpoint. Instead, they either make themselves and their own out to be exceptions, or they double down on the beliefs (but blame it on a different factor. If *those girls* are victimized because they have bad parents, but then your own daughter is victimized, she was victimized because she's rejected some aspect of your parenting, or because of her peers' bad influence, or because they taught her wrong at school).
A lot. A *lot* of poverty pro tips, those little quips that make a dollar stretch and make poverty seem like a fun camping trip, assume a lot of the not-so-easily acknowledged privileges one gets from being rural (or even suburban) poor. Those tips require space, automobile access, and all kinds of other little perks that poor people living in cities (heck, even many middle class people living in cities) don't have. "Buy in bulk, grow a vegetable garden, cook large batches and freeze them, hunt your own meat." Easy peasy lemon squeezy if you're living in a rural area in a house (or even a trailer) with a yard or land and you've got an old chest freezer. *Absolutely impossible* if you're living in a 1-bedroom apartment with a minifridge and a hotplate instead of a kitchen, or a homeless shelter. "Fix it" or "build your own" often requires space, materials, and a certain level of education, which isn't available to everyone. Of course there are also similarities ("shop in bulk" is *seriously* a suburban middle-class suggestion, as often neither the urban nor rural poor have access to a Costco. Food deserts exist in both places, y'all!), but if the solution to "help, I'm poor and my family is starving!" is "bake your own bread and grow a tomato garden," the rural poor can often take that advice while the urban poor often can't. And in some ways it may be a bit easier to be poor in an urban setting (more access to things like free health care and services, transportation without owning a vehicle is more plausible, higher opportunity for social mobility), but the way urban poor neighborhoods are set up, half the time those things aren't as easy as they seem. There's also the fact that despite other comments, one type of poverty (rural) is romanticized and lionized in our society are real, hardworking, salt-of-the-earth downtrodden Americans, and the other type (urban) is portrayed as lazy welfare queens. All poor people are getting the short end of the stick, but not all poverty works out exactly the same.
Because Reddit simultaneously wants to believe that wealth is close within their own grasp ("if I just pinch pennies by driving an older car and buying store brands, I too will be a bajillionaire in just a few years time!"), and that other people having money when they don't is somehow a moral failing on the part of the rich person to booth their own egos (assuming that someone must be wealthy because they neglect their family and appreciate nothing, rather than the fact that the rich person more likely just came from financial privilege and/or has a better paying job). Reddit also fails to understand that rich people, just like poor and middle class people, simply have their own priorities and interests. It can't be that the rich guy who drives a 10 year old Camry and shops at GAP simply doesn't care about cars and fashion, it must be a secret rich guy tactic to get money.
Stubby beards are attractive: they're masculine without being super high maintenance, and hide a weak chin or bad skin. "Slightly obese," well, being unable to see him, but based on how people online judge other's weight, he could be anywhere from "barely husky dad bod" to "huge," but many women like a husky or "teddy bear" type guy; the largest man by a long shot I know is married to a very conventionally attractive, average sized woman (he himself is quite conventionally attractive other than his size; does your colleague have an attractive face and nice hair?). "Jeans and button up shirts" are a far sight better than how a good number of straight men dress; it's simple and versatile without being sloppy. Honestly, you basically described Seth Rogan. Many women find Seth Rogan attractive. Women aren't just attracted to height and deep voices, and we don't all have the same type, and I'm sure plenty of gay men are into your colleague too. Plus, you don't have to base "is this person attractive" on "is this a person I'd like to date/fuck." Pretty much everyone knows a symmetrical face, good hygiene, nice hair and skin, and a well proportioned body (thin or fat) are attractive.
Ah. I've worked in retail environments where a basic knowledge of "girly stuff" is pretty much mandatory, and have had *so many* male colleagues who are good at their jobs claim to not know very basic information about the things they work with all day. Like "durr, what's a tube top, that's girl stuff, I don't know what that is, ladies be shopping, y'all, so ridiculous." You don't know what a tube top is while working women's apparel for years? Sure Jan. It's the worst with music and media, though. The only people who talk about celebrities aimed at teenage girls are grown men who swear to god they have no idea who Taylor Swift/One Direction/Justin Bieber/Bilie Eilish/any Kardashian. Yo, you have said 8 different times that you don't know who Kylie Jenner is and have never heard a Justin Bieber song, but real talk, did anyone ask you, Mr. 38 Year Old Man With No Kids? No one expects grown men to listen to teen pop stars, so why are they always giving unsolicited lectures about how they don't?!
And every last inch of me's covered in haaaaaair!
&gt; women born after, like, 1999 So....teenage children, rather than women? Please tell me your acquaintance said this while you were still *in* high school, and this was within the last 2 years.
It worked for me. I met my current boyfriend, who seems like a keeper, when I'd more or less given up on actively dating. Not that there's anything wrong with actively dating; I tried it for a while and while it didn't really work for me, it makes a lot of sense and works for other people. But when people, especially younger people but also older people with kids, are *preoccupied* with finding a boo, it's just kind of sad to watch, honestly. Most of the people I know who are *preoccupied* with dating (not the same as actively looking) are unhappy and stressed out, and tend not to get any better once they find a relationship. There's a lot to it, but a big part of it is that if your main hobby is looking for a relationship, it's very hard to translate that into a happy, stable relationship once you find someone.
(Assuming you mean more abstract or avant-garde art, as "modern" art is art created in the period between 1860 and 1970, and I doubt you find Van Gogh and Manet hard to appreciate or "get".) You're looking for an obvious thing to "get." Not all art is about making an obvious statement. Sometimes that statement is very obscure, or the statement doesn't exist at all. Beyond that, people associate "getting it" with "liking it." You can do one without the other. You can look at art, comprehend what the artist is saying, and still think "that's dumb" or "I don't care for that at all." Or you can even do the opposite; you can say "I find this visually pleasing, even though it is apparently meaningless."
Thank god. While the idea of some teenage boy strutting around talking about "women" his age being "gold diggers" (what gold, and where are they digging? LOL) is cringey AF, it's certainly less creepy than the alternative.
There is one (or two, depending on the wheel) green square(s) it can land on that means everyone loses.
Why are these people so obsessed with Chicago and San Francisco anyway?
How long is "this long?" Because this has been pretty public knowledge for decades, and he was indicted for similar charges in 2002. He was acquitted, but it was a loooooong, well publicized trial. He was married to Aaliyah when she was 14 or 15, and while they *kinda* denied it, it was *not* a secret. It has been public knowledge that R. Kelly was a creep since the 90s, it's been formally investigated for 20 years, though I'll tell you, the rumors kicked off *before* he was a household name. This shit has been on every TV show and newspaper cover for almost my entire lifetime, and I'm nearly 30. It's more odd that in the interim between when he was acquitted and the Buzzfeed article in 2017, people just.....sporadically seemed to stop knowing? Not saying he was innocent, people just seemed to get amnesia about the entire past 2 decades of knowing with full evidence that R. Kelly was a creep. Yes, he was acquitted, and yes, a lot of what was discussed during the first couple go-rounds was either a joke or victim blaming, but it was all out there. You don't need to have been a huge R&amp;B fan or read Jim DeRogatis' work religiously to know, either. It was referenced on South Park and Chappelle's Show in the early/mid 2000s. In relation to rumors, it's very odd to me that one of the weirder rumors about R. Kelly is one that he's now embracing: being illiterate.
Might be easier if his "art" didn't suck as much as his personal behavior. I've always been the target demographic for his music and I just....do not get his success. His music isn't even good in the way that other crappy Top 40 artists are "good," where they're fun to sing to in the car or dance to when you're drunk. He's a bad actor as well. People praise his dancing, but it's meh. Sometimes, I honestly think people must stan him out of absolute spite, because I have never seen another artist with such an aggressively subpar career and openly deplorable personal life be so adored.
Someone mentioned Jeffree Starr upthread, but Onision is the 2000s internet guy I am most amazed is clinging to relevancy in 2019. Even at his peak, I wondered "is his schtick just being a grown man acting like a hormonal edgy emo teenager?" and he's....still somehow monetizing his MySpace moaning today? *What?*
So what all-white homophobic country on the verge of a fascist takeover are you from?
Are these the rules for her grown husband's night out with the boys, or the rules her 12 year old has to follow at their first boy/girl party? Yeesh.
I honestly haven't seen moderate political opinions get much traction when posted here. The closest I can think of is obvious "leftist" troll posts from Tumblr, and even those would be considered fairly outlandish if they weren't fake.
I imagine there's some kind of bacteria lurking in an oft-used washing machine that is not so gross if it's on your clothes, but very gross if it's on your food.
I suspect you're right. They're all following the same format re; spelling, capitalization, and punctuation (even though it's correct, that's not necessarily standard for creating a wifi network), and all leaning on the same jokes within that particular sub-subculture. A group of conservative edgelords would have references to Fox News, Drudge Report, other right-wing politicians, other "liberal" stereotypes, Ayn Rand, *something* other than just niche conspiracy theory machines and Trump worship.
There's still a pretty huge slave trade in the Middle East and North Africa, places with high Muslim populations, and it's often fairly well divided along ethnic/racial lines (though in addition to black slaves, there are also plenty of Southeast Asian and East Asian slaves, maybe others too, that I'm sure "Linus" doesn't know or care about). It's got very little to do with Islam so much as it has to do with ineffective governments, racism, greed, and the fact that that's been going on since before Islam was even a concept. Beyond that, the meme is stupid. Colin Kaepernick is a) a Christian, not a Muslim and b) American, and therefore has nothing to do with what's going on in Libya and Saudi Arabia. Incidentally, the meme refers to its own stupidity; Cartoon Kaep specifically says "I do this because of the treatment of *black men in America.*" Not because of slavery, or broad injustice to anyone anywhere in the world. It's like saying "I donate to St. Jude's in Tennessee because they help kids with cancer," then someone asking "oh, so you don't care about children dying of polio in Pakistan?!" Sure I do! Or maybe I don't, but how would you know, since we were talking about a totally different subject!
Fuck Dodie. She was such a shameless social climber, and reminds me of people who I think are much worse than the "elites" even now as an adult. She'd throw Ginger and Macie under the bus for the tiniest shred of attention, even though the popular girls didn't even like her. Not only was she a bitch, but she wasn't that smart at social climbing. Hello, the popular girls like Ginger, your alleged best friend. Chill and ride her coattails all the way up. And yeah, I never could figure out why I was supposed to dislike Courtney (*was* I supposed to dislike Courtney?). She was spoiled and clueless but was never mean; Mipsy and Miranda were mean, but Courtney never actually mistreated anyone.
I loved this show as a kid, and had a few episodes on VHS as well as a few of the original books. This story appears in both the tapes I had, and one of the books I had, *and* it reran on PBS a lot when I was a kid. I had few/no taped episodes or books showing Henry free, certainly none that showed him being let out of the tunnel. To say I had nightmares about it is an understatement. Once on a family trip someone pointed out some colorful train engines passing by to me, and one was the same color as Henry, and it made me extremely depressed and disturbed the rest of the day (I was 5). Looking back as an adult, I was 100% right to be scared, disturbed, and depressed by this story line, and it's still upsetting. What the fuck, Thomas The Tank Engine??!?
So where is this "Lincoln owned slaves" rumor coming from all of a sudden? Because it's definitely not true.
It happens a lot in my social circle, but that's because we often more or less match each other when it comes to eating and drinking, and we typically discuss whether everyone is going to order another round of drinks, or whether we should split an appetizer. Our individual bills usually are within a few dollars of each other that way. No one would ever order 3 appetizers and 5 top shelf whiskey cocktails then ask to split the bill when everyone else is having a salad and one glass of house wine.
Moving itself is expensive even if you do find a new job and all that. I moved between two cities in the same state, literally just a couple hours down the highway, and it nearly wiped out my savings. I didn't have movers, just my own car and the cost to rent a small U-haul for my dad to drive. That plus a deposit on a new apartment, paying out some "damages" on my old one (that were bullshit, but the new place wouldn't let me in if I wasn't in good standing as a previous tenant), replacing things that were lost or thrown out in the move, turning on utilities and internet.....it was a lot of money, even on the cheap. Then you get there, and you've got a job, you've got a place to stay, you've got the lights turned on....but you don't get paid by that new job for another 2-3 weeks, and you'd better *hope* you have enough money for food and gas/bus fare left in your pocket. And that's just as a single, childless person.
The worst thing about Tinder for me when I was single was how many guys seemed to think "matched" meant "you're my exclusive serious girlfriend now." Dudes won't even know your last name or phone number, and get mad at you for speaking to other men (you know, like men you already knew and have met before) or not messaging back promptly or whatever. I never got a dick pic on tinder, but damn did I get a lot of crazy guys going "you didn't respond to my message at 2 AM/in the middle of the workday within 30 seconds, you are a horrible bitchwhoreslut who's sleeping with everyone in town but me."
Facebook is a private company. No one is taking away their right to be stupid any harmful, they just aren't allowed to do it on Facebook, against Facebook's will. It is your right to have beliefs, it is *not* your right to force your beliefs on private persons or businesses against their will.
Your first sentence was weepy hand-wringing about how "they have rights" and "shouldn't be censored." Were you in fact suggesting that their rights were in some way being infringed upon by censorship, or are you actually just so scatterbrained and unfocused that you strung together some completely random and unrelated phrases before getting to your point?
It was Beyonce who said it first, but Rihanna may want to repeat the famous line, "y'all haters corny with that Illuminati mess."
Americans get crap for this (rightly so; my own mother believes that several bottles of wine and an infinite supply of clean, cool, nice tasting tap water is "nothing to drink"), but oh my god, Germans are so much worse. You drink some water from the tap because you're thirsty, and they're staring at you like you've grown three heads. I get mineral water, I do, and I like it, but when I'm drinking water from the tap it's because I'm thirsty, not because I am looking for my beverage to entertain me. Ask for plain tap water in a restaurant there, and it's like "....why? Are you going to brush your teeth?" I have no idea how Germans are not perpetually dehydrated. Also of note, their water is so lovely to bathe in too. My hair has never been so soft, and I think it grew like 2 inches in a month.
Good thing I'm not white, I guess. I also have access to firearms already, and I'm sure not going to use them in an imaginary war against your fabricated yellow peril.
Maybe they'd get more attention if they didn't act like assholes.
It's one thing when it's just a relationship because sometimes that happens. But when kids get involved the entire facade just blows up. They just *can not* let women get old! You'll have a 50 year old husband with a 30 year old wife and a 21 year old child and we're just supposed to accept that. I was watching a show where the main character is explicitly stated to be 30 years old, and her grandmother appears to be a very youthful 60. Granted, the grandmother was also stated to have been a teen mother, but the main character's mother is clearly not supposed to have been. The grandmother should be in her early 70s, but she's played by an actress a decade younger than makes sense because heaven forbid the grandma looks like a grandma, and not a young sexy aunt.
I work with a guy like this. It's this sort of arrested development. He never really grew out of his edgy pre-teen phase. This is the kind of stuff you think is devastatingly clever and above it all at 12 or 13 if you're just a smidge "different," then by 14 or 15 you're mostly over it and just seek out the people you do like. They think it makes them above everyone and smarter than "the masses," and of course, there are some dumb people with poor self-esteem who think that getting a smug, arrogant person to like them is the same as getting a smart, popular, discerning person to like them. "I must be so special, unique, and clever to get this person who is oh-so-very misanthropic to like me." Nah, in reality, you're just the only person with crappy enough self-worth to tolerate their garbage long enough for them to "decide to like you."
Because people with very basic life stories like to make their mundane lives seem more exciting. The type of person to use phrases like this tend to have the same handful of "life stories" that are really, really common. Pick one or more of the following: parents are divorced, cheated on by high school bf/gf, constantly having friend group drama, grew up middle/working class and never went hungry but also is mad that they aren't trust fund rich, has a kid they don't take care of but they blame baby mama/baby daddy/baby grandparents for this.
Eh. It has more of an implication that the person learned the hard way because they had a "hard knock life." You know, the song sung by the dirty, hungry orphan girls about how they are cold, have to clean all day, and get knocked around by a drunken conwoman, or by the poor children in the ghetto who have to dodge bullets on their way to school. People who are born into less than ideal circumstances who bring themselves up despite repeatedly being knocked down hard. Not the Kaylors of the world who are still salty that mom and dad could only pay for community college instead of "engineering school," flunked out of community college anyway, then proceeded to never learn a trade or stick around any job long enough to move up "because the boss is an asshole." To have learned at the metaphorical school of hard knocks, you need to have a) learned something and b) experienced some knocks.
And as we all know, virgin women not only can't tell if their own bodies feel good or not, but they also can't read or listen to others' experiences to gather context.
The average male turns into a psychotic crybaby if he doesn't get an immediate text back during normal work hours or at 2 AM? I'm just going to say this: I have a much higher opinion of most men than they have of themselves. And that's pretty tragic.
They're often obscuring their faces, which certainly can induce a sense of unease, especially in children. There are also certain ways clowns paint their faces that could be more or less threatening than others (ex; rounded corners around the mouth = good, pointed corners = bad). Plus, a while ago, a lot of news stories and media about scary clowns got popular (John Wayne Gacy, *It*). Those images have become almost as ubiquitous as birthday clowns or Bozo. Though frankly, while I'm not *afraid* of clowns per se, Bozo specifically always set me on edge. I've also heard from former circus people that circus clowns might seek employment in the "hiding your face" field for personal reasons, so take that as you will.
I don't think you get it, but here we are.
Never! Dogs are horribly selfish creatures. Not only do they want to eat their food and share mine, they want *all* of my food! They're not happy until I have nothing. "Oh dogs love you conditionally." Bullshit. My dad loves me unconditionally and always makes sure I'm fed. Dogs are being nice so we feel bad, give them all our food, and starve to death so they can eat our faces for dessert.
No. And I don't get our society's quasi-religious (even in secular/atheist/antitheist circles) obsession with forgiveness. You don't *have* to forgive anyone for anything, and refusing to forgive does not equal obsession and hatred. I have refused to forgive people many times. They aren't "living in my head rent free" or any of that pithy Facebook meme nonsense. They just have not been forgiven. It may be because what they did was bad enough or consistent enough, or because apologies were made with no intent to change. And of course, forgiveness might take time. Every time there's a mass murder or something, TV crews start asking the victims' loved ones if they forgive the killer before the bodies are even cold. Fuck out of here with that nonsense. Even if the families do choose to forgive, it's not going to take 15 minutes for some actions. It is an asshole move to *be an asshole* to someone because you don't forgive them for something minor.
Neither. I don't think you're a special little muffin who just needs snuggles and support. And despite what you think about yourselves, I *also* don't think men are obligated to behave like psychotic toddlers when they don't get an immediate text back from a girl they *do not even know*, especially during the work day or late at night. I believe the men who do this choose to behave like rancid trash, and must have a shitty opinion of themselves and other men if they think that behaving like this is somehow inherent to malehood.
No. Minors would not be put into witness protection by randomly and conspicuously disappearing from their homes with no warning to their parents/guardians, and I don't think the police would publicize the apparent disappearances of anyone who was in witness protection. "Witness protection" as an explanation for relatively high profile disappearances of minor children as reported by their parents is about my least favorite "theory" that gets bandied around here, because it's implausible on the same scale as "carried into the woods as a bride by Bigfoot."
No. If a minor went into witness protection, it's more likely their parents and other immediate family members would go with them, instead of standing around waiting to be threatened or killed by whoever their child needed to be protected from. If the whole family didn't go into protection with them, they'd more likely be instructed to give a mundane story like "he's away at college" or "he's visiting family in China." They wouldn't be "playing along" by sounding the alarm and splashing their faces all over newspapers and the internet, asking everyone in North America and Asia to look for these missing people. That would be the exact opposite of protecting the witness.
It's true, or at least based on the timing it is (it's still somewhat....debated as to who exactly killed him and why). He was killed at the advent of the Poor People's Campaign, not during an explicit Civil Rights event or while "uniting the races." MLK advocated some pretty explicitly socialist viewpoints and was very much considered a radical communist by US intelligence and was under surveillance for such ("radical communist" would be going pretty far to describe his views, but hey, tell J. Edgar Hoover that). Yes, this was all very much entwined with his racial equality activism, and yes, Brocialists on the internet like to conveniently forget that, but the reality is, if he was going to be assassinated for helping black people ride the bus and vote, he would have been assassinated long before 1968. It would honestly help to have the conversations if we remember that Martin Luther King was a great man, but still *just a man*, who had a plethora of his own opinions, rather than some diety, and if we also stopped assigning inherent morality judgement on words like "communist," "socialist," and "capitalist." Because those are exactly the black-and-white (lol) viewpoints that get us to dumfuck shit like the OP.
My absolute least favorite aspect of being a young adult is other young adults getting their noses stuck up in the air about how "the youths," who are roughly their own age, are so irrationally stupid and childlike.
It's more about how appropriate that relationship is, and how he expresses it. My current partner had a very poor relationship with his mother, but that's fine because a) she was a poor mother, and b) he does not performatively rage about it the way I see some people do over flawed parenting. He doesn't take it out on other women, and has a positive relationship with his grandmothers and stepmother. What would not be fine is if he has a crappy relationship with his mother despite her being either a good mother, or having only the standard human mother flaws. I really have a low opinion of grown people who are still over-the-top angsting about genuine mistakes their parents made that didn't necessarily have a huge negative impact on their lives, or things outside of their parents' control.
I feel guilt for witnessing other people doing bad things then receiving consequences for said things. Like somehow, them breaking the rules and getting comeuppance is my fault.
Most established gangs have fairly strict codes of conduct at least in theory. Camaraderie with your fellow members, for example, or sobriety (yes, even some gangs that operate in dealing drugs). How much that actually pans out, well, idk. Also, a lot of street gangs and organized crime rackets sprang up from a form of self-policing in areas where the eventual gang members were targeted by other criminals, and the police were either ineffective or actively hostile. Power and greed can go to the heads of even very well intentioned people.
To be honest, getting older was the only thing that worked.
You and the people agreeing with you are talking about things that toddlers say. But not all kids are babies. Kids are also preschoolers, elementary schoolers, and even teenagers. Not that toddlers can't pick up on creepy vibes as well, but they also generally have limited knowledge of reality vs. imagination, and barely even know what the words they're saying mean. if you're applying toddler logic to what a 6 year old, a 9 year old, or a 15 year old might be saying.....you're a bad parent. OP does not specify their age, but saying "I don't want to sleep at my beloved aunt's house because her boyfriend is creepy" is not the same as loopy toddler babble, and the fact that she got a lecture for saying so implies that she was old enough to be lectured. So, she wasn't 2. She was also reacting to a real, immediate physical presence in her life, not something imaginary or that she saw on television. "My aunt's boyfriend" isn't a fictional thing like a dragon, or a broad concept like "bad guys." If your kids are afraid of some real thing that they encounter in their life, that needs to be addressed, even if they *are* being wrong and irrational (say, for example, they're afraid of Grandma because she smells like mothballs and wears an ugly wig).
These places are not very close together. They're in the same region, but that's a huge region of a huge country. Honestly, very little connects these cases aside from very broad demographics. I'd be willing to bet that all of them, or at the very least all of them minus Tilwanda, were taken by someone familiar to them (*not* necessarily the immediate family; I'm not familiar with the other 3 cases, but I am familiar with Asha and Shy'Kemmia's and I don't believe anyone in their immediate family harmed them. Remember, someone familiar to them could be extended family, or someone else in the community). You don't need to look for a serial killer, a human trafficking ring, a conspiracy, or any other boogeyman to notice the similarities in these cases though. While Asha's case gets a lot of traction in true crime and missing person circles, and Shy'Kemmia's name floats by once in a great while, all of these cases are still pretty under the radar compared to similar cases where middle class white children have gone missing or been killed. Poor and working class victims, especially if they are not white, get very little media attention. Local law enforcement treats poor and nonwhite children as if they are much older than they actually are, and subconscious bias may lead them to determine a disabled 8 year old is a "runaway" as if they're a teenager, when a disabled middle class white 8 year old going missing would be immediate cause to raise the alarm. These facts right here are scandalous enough without any serial killer.
It's 18. Legal adulthood is less about the privileges and fun perks of being a grownup, and more about autonomy over your own person. The difference between those two things may seem obscure to an 18 year old, but there *is* a difference. The voting and entrance into contracts aspect is what makes one a legal adult (as well as the part about what the state can do to you if you commit a crime), not drinking, smoking, and playing with handguns. And I say this as someone who frankly thinks that the drinking age should be *16.* I don't agree with the setup for basically any of the "adult privileges/rights" age rules at all, but getting to buy vodka and weed isn't the most important aspect of being an adult (and again, while I heavily disagree, the confusion kind of gives some weight to the laws saying 18 year olds can't have alcohol or weed).
It's odd that you enjoyed reading my response, but didn't understand the base meaning of it. Calling drinking and smoking a fun perk may be flippant, but recreational things like that *are* perks. They're privileges, not inherent rights (and again, I say this as someone who feels that that privilege should be afforded to much *younger* people, and that it shouldn't be an adult privilege at all). Autonomy over your own person is about significantly more than being able to put what you want in or on your own body for funzy-wunzies. The things that change when you turn 18 are hard rights; you can control your political say, your living situation, your medical care, your employment, your sexual autonomy, and generally how you move about the world. The things that change when you turn 21 aren't about those immediate adult autonomy issues; they are just aspects about how much fun you're allowed to have. Conflating the two is a very juvenile way of looking at things (which I suspect is one reason others justify the drinking age being 21, and is a big part of why I think it should be 16- get the juvenile "I want my funzy-wunzy grownup rights *now* dammit" demands out of the way so that when people react legal adulthood, they can be more focused on real issues of personal autonomy instead of just ignoring important issues because they're so busy trying to sneak vodka and cigs to feel grownup).
I have once (here in the US) seen someone ask for an Old Fashioned at a bar and get what was essentially bourbon and orange juice. While the city I live in isn't nationally renown for its cocktail culture, it's strong enough that you can normally walk into any dive bar an expect to get something resembling an Old Fashioned if you ask for one (though at a dive bar, people will find it obnoxious). It's *really weird* that this mistake appears to be common, and not necessarily based on some kind of language barrier. Is it the fact that an Old Fashioned takes sugar, water, and an orange peel, and orange juice/Tang technically include all of those ingredients?
France is also culturally backwards and racist. They also don't have much of a cocktail culture. A lot of modern cocktail culture is distinctly and uniquely American.
Expecting me to physically keep up with, if not outpace, everyone else, including boy cousins and friends. That sounds awesome right? Girls are just as good as boys! They are just as tough as boys! You expect a feminist victory where I came out of it able to hold my own against the boys, or even outpace them! Except that my closest cousins were 2 years older than me, and the neighborhood boys were even older and bigger. And I was unusually small and frail for my age, while my cousins were big for their age. And I had health issues like asthma meaning that I already had trouble keeping up with kids my own age and size, much less my healthy cousins. So what was expected to be me toughening up and matching everyone else usually meant that I was condemned to badly lose any non-contact athletic game (if I didn't have to give up halfway through due to an asthma attack), and condemned to being beat to shit for any contact activity. Even pinatas were miserable to me as a child. "Why didn't you push and shove your way to the candy like the other kids? That's what you're supposed to do!" Because I'm a 28 pound 3 year old girl trying to "push and shove" past 50 pound 6 year old boys. I did keep up with certain sports when I got older, but they always wondered why I stuck to skill based, co-operative stereotypically female sports (like cheerleading and volleyball) rather that "cool, tough" sports like basketball or individualistic speed-based sports like running. I still do not run, no matter how healthy it is for me. I am pretty avoidant of most competition. My mother still thinks it's because I'm lazy or because I like to "have my way" or "win" too much, but it's not that. It's that I learned at a very young age that no matter how hard I try, how much I practice, or how good I get, I will always be pitted against someone who outpaces me so severely that winning isn't a test of my skill. Losing, and usually losing in a humiliating or physically painful way, was not just a potential outcome for me, it was the *only* potential outcome. My parents are also pretty critical of the "I lost but at least I had fun" or "second place is pretty good" attitudes, so that's even further discouraging. Maybe if I'd been expected to keep up with boys my own age and size, it would have been different.
LOL
Can I get an explanation as to why these dudes are so obsessed with "midfaces?"
My issue isn't that I think of alcohol as a privilege vs. a right, but what I consider necessary to personal autonomy. There are much more important aspects of having adult autonomy than being able to drink. If you're faced with the fact that you can enter into contracts, have a say in the government, own property, marry, make your own medical decisions, work at will, control your own financial decisions, and generally have no other adult civilian command your day to day life without your explicit consent, but your biggest concern is "I can't get drunk in a bar," you're probably too mentally immature to be doing any of those things, including drinking in a bar. Though to be honest, privilege is probably the wrong word. Drinking alcohol isn't really a privilege that should be granted or taken away based on proper behavior like certain other age related things (ex; driver's license, firearm ownership). Nor is it really any sort of right. You don't need it to live (like food) nor do you need it to have a free and safe existence (like democratic engagement or safety from wars), so it's not a human right. It's just.....something. A perk of being old enough to ingest it safely. It's a pretty specific foodstuff, and while food is a necessary right, specific food items are not....nor are they necessary privileges. You do not have the *right* to eat chocolate cake or drink coffee, and yet, the government also never has to grant you the privilege to eat cake and drink coffee. The difference between alcohol and other foodstuffs is that it has negative health effects that are much worse for children compared to adults consuming in moderation, so I suppose someone has to make that distinction beyond children (who don't have the ability to make that choice) and parents (who often prove themselves personally incapable or unwilling to make a good choice). If I was in charge, that distinction would be "about 16" and would have nothing to do with legal adulthood. Unfortunately, people other than me are in charge. (Fortunately, I haven't been young enough to worry about this for several years.) And yes, the government can and in some cases should grant privileges. Driving is a privilege. Despite loosey-goosey interpretations of the 2nd amendment, firearm ownership is a privilege. Those things are (and should be) granted and taken away by the government based on many different factors, including age. A privilege is something that is earned, but can be removed due to actions suggesting you are using that privilege in an unsafe or improper manner.
Hm I'm not sure I ever suggested "Jesus would have said it wasn't sinful." The photo in the OP doesn't just say "being gay is sinful, cut it out or God will judge you after you die a natural death." It implies that genocide is the acceptable response to homosexuality, which in addition to being an extremely incorrect interpretation of the Old Testament story it's referring to, is something we can be pretty sure Jesus as described by the New Testament would not have advocated. He explicitly condemned those who executed people who had committed similar sexual "sins." He also was pretty "meh" on the strict adherence to the minute rules laid out in the Old Testament or by assorted religious leaders, if those rules were harmful or not applicable to the situation. Frankly, I think Jesus in 33 AD would have different things to say about homosexuality than if he was transported to 2019, but of course, he said exactly nothing about that particular topic, so we will never know.
Yeah. Emergency room is where you go in, well, an emergency. Urgent care is where you go because you are sick or in pain but know you're probably not literally dying (and if OP feels they're *literally dying*, they should go to the ER, not urgent care, because urgent care isn't equipped to handle *literally dying* type situations, and they can actually deny you service due to lack of money or insurance, while the ER *has* to take care of you. They'll bill you later, but they *have* to provide the service). It's where you go if you've got a bad sore throat, or sprained something, or a weird rash, or if you need a renewed prescription or a doctor's note to skip work *right now* and your primary care physician is scheduling appointments six weeks out. Unfortunately, since many people don't have primary care physicians, and urgent care/clinics can and do tell people to fuck off if they can't pay, people resort to using the ER as the go to for "I don't feel well enough to go to work tomorrow" type ailments.
Yes. She seems like a decent lady, any opinions of the monarchy I may have aside.
Yeah, I find that this overwrought anxiety about "having" to give an excuse is usually self-imposed, or based on polite inquiries, rather than hordes of people actually browbeating them into giving life or death excuses as to why they can't go to their cat's quincenara at 11 PM on a Wednesday.
This. Posting a bunch of pictures of your kids on Facebook? Eh, there are some potential problems there, but it can only go so far. These people who trot their kids in front of the camera for youtube for weekly "shows" or make "mommy blogging" their full time career creep me out. Not only the lack of privacy and money gained off a child's back that they probably won't get to see, but the focus of these channels and blogs is usually kids between about 1 and 8 years old. What happens when the kid turns 9? What happens when they're not cheek-pinching cute, when they refuse to wear the perfectly curated kid outfits you pick out for them, when they start going through puberty, when they get surly, or when they develop their own opinions about what they want to show to the world? What happens when what they do is no longer cute? What happens when they start having 3 hours of homework a night, want to join clubs and sports, or want to start hanging out with their friends after school instead of doing crafts or unboxing or some shit with a camera shoved in their face? Does the family just....go bankrupt because both parents made their living on youtube? Force a hormonal 13 year old to act like a mommy-worshipping 5 year old for the likes? Do they just have babies every 2-3 years to make sure they always have at least one appropriately cute spawn to parade in front of the camera?
I didn't have to get half naked or lie down to get a tattoo, and I definitely didn't need to do any of that to get my nose pierced. The tattoo artist was av average sized dude, not fat, with a clean beard too lol (the piercer was a woman, thin, no beard). Never seen a dick I'd describe as a "sharp object".....
This imaginary lady must have approximately 75 thousand kids to be getting 600 a month for food stamps while still having any job, 20 hours part time or not.
Those policies only apply to normal customers who know how to behave in public. They don't apply to insane people who scream, argue, make scenes, and demand managers because they think their cheap asses are god's gift to retail. I used to work at a grocery store, that *technically* had a policy of "30 days with a receipt and a reason" policy, which is honestly more generous than it needs to be for *food.* If something is wrong with it from the get go, you know that pretty fast. This didn't stop anyone from coming in to return all manner of months old freezer burned stuff, loose produce with no receipt (how would we know they got it at our store?!), and in one amazing instance, someone who "returned" some produce with no receipt, no physical existence of the purchase, and only a very vague description of what it was she wanted a refund on. She claimed never to have heard of a store requiring proof of purchase (or existence) for a refund. Despite our posted policy, I *never* refused a return on any item we carried, either. I handed several over to managers, but once a shift supervisor got to it, the customer was getting their money back. Including the lady who asked for a refund on "something that was like potatoes but it wasn't potatoes, they were gross."
I know a guy who is like this, and it's insufferable to the point that it kinda borders on racist. He flails and raves about any Latin American or Asian restaurant that is "little known" or a "hole in the wall," regardless of quality, because it's just sooooo "authentic." When the good ones get more popular because, well, they're good, and the owners can afford to hire a few servers and retile the floors, suddenly it's all ruined even if the food is exactly the same. And heaven forbid a Latin or Asian restaurant start out with even the slightest hint of trendiness or high-end airs. The owner/head chef will be like "I carried this thousand year old recipe that my grandmother hand wrote with her dying breath through the refugee camps," and he'll dismiss it as "crappy Americanized fusion for white people" because they charge $14 a plate. Apparently the only way brown restaurant owners or chefs can be authentic is to barely be scraping by, and only allowing one white person (him) to eat there.
Maybe someone should show them where the materials that make up their unreasonably disposable laptops and cell phones come from....
And man, are there a lot of increasingly obscure subgenres. Hearing my metalhead associates discuss genres, I'm pretty sure some of the genres literally encompass a single band. If the sound is unique to that band, can easily be encompassed within an existing genre (say, "death metal"), and no other bands are emulating and/or expanding on that particular sound, how is that a separate genre?
People are crazy entitled over how much alcohol is at weddings as well. I cannot believe the number of times I've heard people's overwrought "horror" stories about weddings that had cash bars, beer and wine only, or (gasp) no alcohol at all. Doesn't matter if it's an afternoon wedding between a Mormon and a Baptist where the bride and groom are both in AA, it's apparently an unforgivable sin, offensively cheap, and a sign of sheer hostility towards their guests if a full, open, top shelf bar isn't available at a wedding. Like damn, I like to drink and weddings are definitely more fun if you're drunk, but seriously, it should not be that much of a burden to go a single afternoon/evening without a drink, especially if someone is feeding you on their own dime.
I guess I just don't get the "weddings are hard" bit. If it's a long religious ceremony it kind of sucks, but that part usually happens before alcohol is served. The rest is just eating and socializing. And if that's rough, it's honestly pretty easy to slip out after dinner.
Only the first one. There are plenty of high schools turning out countless kids who cannot write. Writing can't be tested on a standardized level the same way reading and math can so a lot of K-8 schools just aren't bothering to teach it, and high school generally has other focuses. You'd think that being able to read adequately would translate into being able to write well, but it honestly doesn't. I was in honors English my freshman year of college, and I'll tell you, I peer reviewed essays only barely better than that. I have no doubt that the 101 level classes involved students writing at that level. I'd say the person was either stoned or very new to the English language but.....they just as well may not have been.
The Bible doesn't really fit strictly into a "fiction" or "nonfiction" categorization though (which is also a literary distinction I pretty much have only ever seen in small elementary school libraries.....a city library or a bookstore would not arrange the books that way). Beyond that, the Bible is not a single literary text. It is a collection of dozens of texts, of about a dozen different genres, and which texts are included is still kind of up for debate. Within the Bible, even if we assume that some parts of it are secondhand historical texts (say, the Gospels), some actually are straight up works of creative art. The Song of Solomon is a sexy love poem. Revelation is....a dream? A vision? A work of fiction? An allegory? Not sure, but it's not history in any reasonable sense of the word. If OP's student had chosen a specific book of the Bible generally accepted by religious groups to be a more or less historical retelling of some event in Jewish or early Christian history, I'd see why OP had so much trouble shooting down the student. But "The Bible" as a text doesn't even really count as a book. Reviewing it in the sense one would review a biography or a science book (or hell, even a work of pure fiction) would be almost impossibly meaningless.
If Milo Yiannopolis is any indication, that is fine if and only if you hate trans people and women with double the fervor that they hate gays and brown people.
The tales of children marrying and immediately stepping into the role of wife and mother "back then" are......not exactly well explained or understood by alarmist people or creeps who think young girls should be ripe for the picking. First and foremost, child brides aged this young were pretty rare. Most girls would marry in their later teens, if not their twenties, throughout most of civilized history. The folk stories that circulate around the internet about Grammy marrying Pappy down on the farm at 14 in 1940 are the exceptions, not the rule. In places where that wasn't the norm, marrying at the beginning of puberty was. Yes, that *can* be 11 years old, or even younger, but historically, it would be more like 12 to 16 (puberty will start later in underweight girls. In the past, food scarcity was more common, so underweight girls were more common, so 11 year olds "ready to marry" by this standards weren't as common as a menstruating 11 year old are today). Plus, record keeping was often poor up until the current age. My grandfather was born in a decent sized town to middle class people in a wealthy country in the 20th century when record keeping was a thing, and even under those conditions, we do not know for 100% certain what year he was born in (*probably* 1913, but 1915 is also a possibility). Prior to then, people often didn't know their birthdays and sometimes did not even know their ages as a matter of course. So "the bride was about 12" isn't necessarily a statement to be taken as absolute fact, but as an estimate. Beyond that, "legally marrying" and "consummating the marriage" and "birthing children" are 3 totally different things. In societies where marrying a girl under 14 was considered normal, that didn't always mean *impregnating* a girl under 14 was normal and acceptable. Women were often seen as property, but they were property that could walk, think, rebel, and maintain human relationships with others. If So-and-So promised his daughter to marry your son when she was 9, but it's not acceptable to start having babies until she's 14, well, that's 5 years for her to run away with someone else, or for her family to change their mind. So you have the 9 year old marry your son in front of everyone, have her move into your house, and keep an eye on her until she's old enough to start having babies. This is why you'll see plenty of records of obviously fertile, healthy noblewomen and royal women (women who easily have 10 kids with 7 or 8 of them surviving infancy) who have a huge gap between their wedding day and when the first baby is born. Plus, childbirth killed plenty of women, and sadly, teenage and preteen girls prior to the current era. It was just so typical that an 11 year old dying of childbirth was sadly, not international news in the same way it would be today.
Yeah, sometimes I think people on this sub are allergic to jokes or something.
I've worked service industry and other nonstop go-go-go jobs, as well as office jobs, and maybe it's because my office-type jobs weren't super highly skilled or because the one job was for a tiny branch of a company, but hot *damn* did I spend most of my time doing nothing. Even if I dragged everything out as long as possible, there was maybe 8 hours of work in a 40 hour work week. I had a different office job that was a little more demanding, but it was my first real job so I'd finish stuff and go to my immediate supervisor and be like "that's done what's next?" and she'd like.....laugh and tell me to fuck around on the internet until the big boss came up with something. At my current job, you just have tasks until it's time to go home. If there's an excess of downtime, the boss will just send people home or hold a meeting. Some people think it sounds exhausting, but it's really not. It's easier to be busy than play busy.
Sorry, I can't come to work today, the demon inhabiting my body is acting up....?
It's not great. It leads to kids who end up totally useless. Parents like this *say* they're trying to make things safe or easy for their kids, but they're really not. They're treating their kids (or teens, or young adults) like babies, which makes things harder for them in the long run. They're not doing it for the kids really, but to make their kids dependent on them. They don't seem to fully realize that "their baby" will grow up and not have them around all the time. I was fairly sheltered as a kid, but when I started college it was amazing how many of my peers had never done *anything* on their own. Then they're sent off at 18 (or even younger! I know a lot of kids who started college early who had been helicopter parented, and it seems very backwards to me) and can't cook, set an alarm clock, or do their own homework. They flunk out. They can't get a job for similar reasons. It hobbles them. Though I do think sometimes people label any sort of protecting or sheltering behavior by parents as "helicopter parenting." Like, not letting an 12 year old date or watch R-rated movies isn't "helicopter parenting" just because it's stricter than an uninvolved or free-range parent would do.
I honestly haven't seen much of it outside of college/high school.
It's not insane, but it is woefully stupid and uninformed. There is a huge, massive, gigantic difference between saying "there's nothing wrong with going into trades" and "herpity derpity, everyone who does the dum dum book learning is an unemployable dummy who thinks "philosopher" is a job, unlike us REAL HARDWORKING FOLKSES who go into trades." Dollars to donuts, the person who posted this did not go to college, nor are they in any kind of skilled trade. This is the kind of thing posted by minimum wage earning cashiers at AutoZone (not that there's anything wrong with being a cashier at AutoZone either, I just also never see this type of thing posted by, say, union plumbers). It devalues education in general, which means that it also devalues anyone with a job that does require higher education. That doesn't really include many "philosophers," but does include doctors, nurses, teachers, lawyers, the sleazy politicians they probably vote for, and in fact, many of the "blue collar" workers they think got their jobs from good ol' elbow grease; plenty of farmers and miners go to college these days. And frankly.....many of the best trade programs are run through colleges. Treating college as someplace where privileged hipsters go to discuss theory is the mark of someone who's only seen education on TV. Beyond that.....a lot of the crippling debt held today isn't held by people going to 4 year universities to study lame-o dumb stuff like "education" or "engineering" or "medicine" (or philosophy, lol), it's held by people who see memes like this, agree, then traipse on over to the nearest predatory "trade school" that charges 4x the tuition of a private 4 year university for a 2 year "trade education" that turns out a useless certificate and non-transferable credits. Plus, anti-intellectual ideas run way deeper than whether or not you encourage your son to be a doctor or a mechanic (because of course, these memes are only aimed at able-bodied young men). The society that thinks of memes like this as biting, hysterical wit is the society that allows children to die of easily preventable diseases because it sees the education doctors have as pointless nonsense.
The people who post this are typically anti-intellectual enough to think that all nurses and doctors are charlatans, don't know what engineers do at all, and assume all successful business people must have gotten there through hard work and elbow grease, instead of studying and networking.
Yes it is. No, they don't, because they probably didn't study hard.
Various cities in Germany are this way too. Dresden in particular has an....incredibly unsettling air about it, as apparently the rebuilding took a little longer than other cities and it *really* shows.
ESH. Them much more than you. Don't say stuff like that and not mean it, especially to drunk people. On the other hand, what the fuck were they drinking that 3 girls racked up a $1200 tab? Even being generous and assuming this was a high-end, overpriced place, they weren't ordering beer and Cosmos to drink $400 worth each. Either they were intentionally ordering the most expensive scotch the club sold, or they were handing out shots to everyone nearby.
NTA. You're not in high school any more. Your social circle is wider, as is hers. Presumably this is going to be an event that also includes your family, your college friends, your coworkers, your fiance's friends, and everyone else on earth, rather than a reunion for your graduating class. This isn't a birthday party or a house party where the whole class is going to be back at school gossiping about it in the morning, it's your wedding and you've been out of high school for 5 years. Will it start drama? Probably, but that's the risk you run if your social circle doesn't expand much after high school. Are you the asshole for "ruining" the tradition? No, you didn't ruin anything, it's your wedding, not an alumni event. Will you be uninvited from others' events? If they're particularly close to this girl, probably on occasion. But you're not in high school any more, so that shouldn't worry you.
NTA. Teenagers are hilarious. I am so glad I am not one any more, because I could not deal with the overwrought drama even when I was that age. If he unblocks you, tell him some decrepit lady on the internet told you that everyone she knew who was married before age 20 was divorced by 21.
NTA. His kids more than likely aren't going to be happy about this once they're old enough to explore social media themselves.
This is a bizarre question from a bizarre viewpoint. An infant can't be a bully. It's so disturbing to me that a child less than a year old is being labeled as such in any context. YTA for describing a kid who cannot walk, talk, or shit in the toilet a "bully."
IDK, that's a creepy thing for a 9 year old to say regardless of context. Still spooky.
A lot of people who pat themselves on the back for being great with tech often allow themselves to get so invested in the tech that existed when they were a young adult that they never bother to learn new things, and become shitty at tech. I would not call myself good at technology, but I can fumble around a computer and google my questions. I have a former boss who was constantly shouting about how he used to build computers before I was born. That may have been true, but he could barely use a modern computer or his cell phone and if anything changed or went slightly wrong, he could not understand child-level instructions on how to adapt or fix it. He was so convinced that things ought to work exactly how they did in the 80s that he would not retain any new information.
I work a decent job with less than decent pay. I like the job, but I'm pretty poor. I've had a variety of jobs with varying levels of prestige, all of which paid the same general level of bullshit. I didn't crash and burn like all the cynical teenagers online expect, I didn't become some spectacular messiah like every middle-aged person who thinks being bright is a one-way ticket to fame and fortune. I just....am. I did internalize the anxiety and neurosis; I blame my parents way more than I blame the "gifted" label. It's very difficult for me to accept that I will not crash and burn due to every mistake or every task that I am not The Best at. The anxiety and neurosis over this has much, much more negatively affected my life than any actual mistake or failure ever has. It doesn't help that I have absolutely never been The Best at anything, so life has just been a 30 year march of "oh my god you suuuuuuuuck" even if I am quite good at the thing. I did not experience the slap in the face everyone talks about when I magically learned I wasn't the smartest kid on earth in college; I honestly found college easier than high school in many ways. Despite the "gifted" label, I'd still had to try at things. Considering the kids I knew who broke down in college because they'd coasted in high school and had never before had to try, I honestly think most of them weren't even particularly clever, much less unusually gifted, or were gifted in very specific subjects (ex; being a math genius doesn't mean you can write a research paper. Being an amazing violinist doesn't mean you understand psychology. Etc).
I would really love to study this because I suspect it's actually a very specific mental illness. While I haven't met anyone who claims to be allergic to water specifically, I know a lot of people who claim to have a physical allergy to one thing or another that is vague and omnipresent, but will not have a reaction unless that thing is specifically brought to their attention. And the "reaction" is always in line with a panic attack (which I suppose could mimic some allergic reactions). I think it's most common to claim to be allergic to "scents," without specifying which scents or chemical components are actually causing the reaction. I know a large handful of people who claim to be allergic to "scents" or "smells" generally, but can marinate in the source of the smell all day without a care until they see the candle or bottle of perfume or whatever, at which point they have trouble breathing and break out in hives. I've also encountered people who claim to be allergic to "all vegetables" when they frequently eat vegetables in less obvious forms (ex; act like a salad or grilled vegetables will literally kill them, but eat pasta sauce, pizza, soup, ketchup, chips, pesto, lasagna, etc).
NTA. The obsession certain omnivores have with eating meat at every meal is ridiculous. It's such an old fashioned, almost childishly bratty way of thinking. When I was growing up, I did not eat much meat and had a problem with many sauces, but I often did not get to eat what I wanted on my own birthday or graduation parties because "your elderly relatives want meat and will throw a temper tantrum if we have the food you like." And then I was chastised for being "picky." A wedding is a single meal, and a few hours of your life. Eat what's there, or skip what's there and eat before/after. Yes, someone might want something else, but it's a party, not a restaurant.
Tell your mom that the servers will probably not remember that random old lady who tipped $2 on an $80 tab the next day, but they will definitely remember the old lady who tipped $2 on an $80 tab and made a huge scene about it. You do not want servers to remember you negatively.
NTA, but I'm curious as to how your brother would feel about it, and how your brother feels about your mom's wildly trashy and immature boyfriend.
I would consult an actual piercer, maybe a couple of them, over this. While getting piercings at Claire's isn't the best, I feel like I've heard that just yanking them out (especially if they might be infected) might not be the safest/healthiest course of action. I've had a piercing become infected (not done at Claire's, and long after the every day cleaning period had passed; not 100% sure how it happened) and I was specifically instructed not to remove it at the time. But it might depend on the piercing and the nature of the infection. Think about what's safest for your daughter based on professional advice, rather than what "seems" right or spite for her father (who is definitely the asshole here, but the action is done).
The odds are high. In many grocery stores, service-counter type services often just kind of run into each other. Where I used to work, the bakery, deli counter, and meat/fish department were fairly visually indistinct unless you worked there or were a fairly regular customer. People often expected the butchers or the bakers to be able to do deli service (or vice versa), and in most cases it wasn't allowed (there was one employee who could do both meat counter and deli stuff, but it would require changing of gloves, apron, etc. and probably take more time than just waiting for the person already behind the counter). Then again, people also expected me, a cashier, to be able to go back and wrap steaks, cut deli meat, or decorate cakes if they happened to go in early in the morning or late at night when the counters were closed.
You're the asshole for thinking a disgusting racist with no manners, home training, or common sense is an "amazing girl." She sounds absolutely rancid. She expressed horrifically racist views, she treated you poorly to boot, and you're worried about being to harsh on her? People like you need to be harsh to people like her to make the world a more decent place. For real though, NTA. She was racist. Not a little, a lot.
It should be noted that middle class has wildly different connotations in the US than it does in the UK.
Which millenials? And which teens? A certain percentage of teens already can vote.
I'm sorry, intentionally uninformed people of late middle age who have an iron-fisted stranglehold on society aren't an oppressed class, and aren't suffering from "bigotry." For all everyone pisses and bitches about millenial "snowflakes," seems like the boomer generation honestly thinks they're the target of bigotry when faced with even the slightest, most tongue in cheek criticism after absolutely destroying the ability for younger generations to have what they got handed to them on a silver spoon. They honestly really should expect much worse than "okay boomer" after the shit they have said and done to their children's and grandchildren's generation.
While that may be part of it, a larger part of it is that in the United States, the distinction between lower, middle, and upper class is based exclusively in monetary value. We don't have nobility, so there's no need to make a distinction between "rich people with titles" and "rich people without titles." Most of what the British describe as middle class is upper middle class at absolute lowest by an American standard, and often much, much higher than that. And that was even more the case in the past, when people were presumably much more concerned with titles, and a genuine "middle" was less common. We also have a lot less in the way of symbolic status symbols. "Owning a house" isn't a particularly posh or middle class thing in the US; while it's changing for unrelated reasons, many poor people own houses, and many middle class or well off people rent or own condos. Same with private school (public school in British English). While there are certainly private schools in the US that are status symbols, many poor or lower-middle class children go to private schools (especially in cities, especially religious schools), and many wealthy or upper-middle class children go to public (state) schools. Though I will say, Americans trying to justify their class (usually claiming to be working/middle class rather than rich) will often use these symbols, without knowing the literal cost of them. I think the UK has a lot in common with certain Latin American countries, who have a lot of social distinction between "working" and "middle" class (which Americans might consider closely related, even overlapping, categories). A "middle class" person in certain countries will make the same or less money than a "working class" person, but because of their job title and lifestyle, they're somehow distinct, and "middle" class is above "working" class. As an American, that makes no sense and seems very arbitrary and elitist. Where would a middle class person get their middle class money, if not from work? While job titles have some weight, why would an office worker making $30,000 have more class status than an electrician who makes $80,000?
I blame our parents' generation, but there's also this attitude that if you're not Number One Best Boss Bitch at everything you do, you're a failure to yourself and everyone who encounters you (especially if you're a woman, especially if you're a minority who didn't grow up poor). But like....why isn't sufficient money and contentment with life enough to be considered successful?!
Right. I mean, I don't hate on monetizing your hobbies. I don't even necessarily hate on making it your career, if you're genuinely very good at it. I know a good number of musicians, photographers, and niche nerd artists who genuinely should be making Bigg Buxx. But for everyone I know who should genuinely become rich playing guitar or selling hand painted dice, I know ten people who really need to keep their hobbies to themselves.
That's not what I said. I said that unlike the British, Americans genuinely consider people in the middle the "middle class," not fabulously wealthy people who happen to be fabulously wealthy for reasons other than being born into nobility. The word "middle" has a definition, and Americans aren't doing it wrong because they haven't applied some sort of weird hateful stigmas to the words "middle" and "working."
YTA. You have a very incorrect understanding of what people mean when they say "natural hair" or "naturally curly," and you have a very incorrect understanding of how taking care of a person's natural hair texture works. Unless your wife is getting a permanent wave or putting the curls in with a curling iron, her hair is naturally curly. The product and time she's putting into it is taking care of her hair, rather than what many people do by just washing it with dollar store garbage, yanking a brush through it, and saying "yeah, this matted rats nest is fine." You sound like you have either very short hair, or like you yank a brush through your hair once and think that's "taking care of it."
No, that's normal for people who have curly hair and take garbage care of it, and subsequently look like a hot mess. Your wife has not started lying, she's started taking care of her hair's health and appearance.
NTA, your dad sounds abusive. Tell an adult at school, and failing that, plan to leave the second you turn 18.
NTA. Your family and her school have failed her. Not that basic puberty are really "sex ed," but why in the absolute fuck are such lessons a few years away? I went to Catholic schools, and basic human biology and what we were bound to go through during puberty happened when we were *eight*. You could argue even that was too late, because some kids develop early, but by eleven, most kids are hitting puberty, and those that haven't have eyes and ears to see that their peers are. Plus, she was already bleeding. It's too late to worry about if it's "appropriate," it's already happened. What were you supposed to do, let her wallow in a pool of blood and say "yeah, gross, you're totally sick and dying?"
YTA. You are a grown man, you can absolutely ask your mom to not pop in unannounced. Your girlfriend is a person too, and may not want to be surprised if she's sick, busy, cleaning, half dressed, etc. Your child and his parent should come above your mom's desires.
NTA. Names aren't owned by one culture, and you can name your kid anything that isn't harmful. Also, Russian language (and other languages; a good chunk of stereotypically "black" names are French in origin) has always influenced black naming conventions. Ever hear of a kid named Natasha Obama?
Funny, I actually know a black man named Adolf. His parents have no German ancestry, they are not Nazis in the slightest, and he doesn't go by a nickname.
ESH. Granted, I would probably have laughed myself, but realistically, this is a middle school level way of flaunting your atheism. You're 17, not 11. You're almost grown, and this was wildly immature. You could have said something positive that sounded like a prayer, but avoided the "dear lord" and "amen" aspects, too. However, I have no idea why your father forced you to say the prayer. You were clearly unwilling to do this, and I doubt this is your first brush with immature edgy atheist behavior. How could he not know that you'd pull such a stunt?
No, because no one should be drafted. Since draft memes are big this week, I'm going to also reassure any teenagers out there who might not 100% get the joke that no one is getting drafted anyway. The realities of war have changed on many levels. Enough people sign up as it is, and we don't conduct wars by marching in giant phalanxes of infantry any more. Most of the people I see who are worried would not qualify for the draft anyway.
That entire movie is an adult theme (not a joke, there's really not a lot of lightheartedness in the movie, despite how much softer they made it than the source material) that went over kids' heads.
Not everyone dies. Esmeralda's dipshit husband survives, as does the goat.
The characters in the book, on the whole, are all fairly unpleasant (Frollo is unique in that the Disney version made him more explicitly villainous. While he's still a bad guy in the book, he doesn't particularly want to kill Esmeralda or burn down Paris). The Disney version where Esmeralda, Phoebus, and Quasimodo are righteous people with strong morals is very much a reflection of what the audience for the cartoon needed to see, rather than any character Victor Hugo would have ever written. While Esmeralda in the book isn't a villain or anything, and is generally a fairly compassionate person compared to most of the other characters, she's honestly not even really that nice. Her character is a selfish teenager and acts like it. Phoebus is actually pretty explicitly villanous in the book (and receives next to no consequences for any of his awful actions. Frollo at least dies). Quasimodo is fairly well-intentioned, but he's constantly a willing accomplice in all kinds of nasty deeds. Clopin (the jester guy) is also significantly more sinister, and not funny at all. Though both versions will straight up murder you without question for trespassing. There are also a number of terrible characters that never made it into the movie, presumably because the movie could not handle that level of retconning or douchebaggery. Notable examples include Esmeralda's useless husband Gringoire, Frollo's alcoholic college student brother Jehan, and Phoebus' snotty butch of a fiance, Fleur-de-lis. Interestingly, the animal sidekick character is essentially exactly the same. The entire "racism is bad" storyline was also invented for the Disney movie, FYI. Esmeralda's backstory is honestly pretty racist, and depictions of the Roma are.....stereotypical and of their time, at best. Victor Hugo was probably not too racist by the standards of his time, but by the standards of ours, oh wow.
This is really concerning to me, especially since I see people on "my side of the aisle" devouring their own over stuff that in some cases is just completely fabricated. I mean, we already know our parents fall hook, line, and sinker for "fake news" (hate that term), but cheese and crackers, if I don't see otherwise well informed, highly educated, socially aware people making the most alarming, regressive, often outright false statements regarding politics, essentially because a random anonymous Twitter account told them it was so. And they just cannot be convinced. They won't provide sources for the wild claims that go against common knowledge. If you provide a verified source that debunks them, they'll either deny it, or say "but the basic principal is the same!" What Fox News started, memes and Twitter are finishing.
I mean, it means "wolf," so if it was a family name or you were just really oblivious about 20th century history, it's kind of neat if you're into edgy or nature-themed names.
ESH. I would be sooooooo embarrassed if I was your son or your niece. It's no wonder they're both winning awards. They probably throw themselves into academics and fashion so deeply to distract themselves and others from such cringeworthy parents. Your son might be gifted, your niece may be gifted, but you and your sister are sure acting like immature blockheads.
It's not so much that the 14 year old is allowed to do whatever she wants, it's that the adult is obligated to be the bigger person and discipline the child in the correct manner. It's wrong and immature for a 14 year old to tease a 13 year old, but a 13 and 14 year old are both kids, with undeleoped brains, and they're on level playing fields. When a 14 year old teases a 13 year old and is punished or scolded, they learn a lesson. When a 14 year old teases a 13 year old, and in response a 30-something man starts berating them and attacking them as a person, that teaches the 14 year old that it is acceptable for adults to be bullies to people weaker than them if they are angry. That reinforces bullying behavior or victim behavior in teens. OP and his sister are modeling shitty behavior, and then he has the nerve to be shocked when his niece acts like them. Well, duh. "I learned it from watching you!"
From OP's wording, I suspect there are some other achievements involved that the kid and her mom were bragging about, and that OP has just specifically chosen to eliminate them because he's upset that anyone would ever think their own kid might be better than his special little boy.
Not sure why you're coming at me claws out for leaving a very conversational and pleasant response to your comment. The entire tone of this comment is so fucking nasty for no reason. Yes, it's an odd name to give in current society. Yes, I know where Samoa is. No, I don't make any assumptions as to what some random anonymous teenager might know about the etymology of a given name. I simply engaged in the conversation and gave an answer, which is "family name, ignorance, sounds cool." If you need a more specific answer, you'll have to ask the parents of black Adolf and Samoan Adolf.
It sounds like the issue is that you guys want very different weddings, and that has nothing to do with inviting friends vs families. There's no reason that LGBT people can't conform to a formal dress code or be around children. There's no reason people related to the groom can't be around people drinking. The disagreements you're having have nothing to do with the guest list; your friends and his family will be fine with whatever wedding you have (minus the excluding children thing maybe) unless they're judgemental assholes. But if this is how you deal with disagreement, there may be a different problem at work here.
I've been to a lot of formalish weddings, even among very uptight, conservative people where women, particularly older women, wear trousers and a blouse as well. Maybe that wasn't strictly correct, but no one was going around correcting them about it either, so it's not so incorrect to assume that a semi-formal woman would demand a woman wear a dress.
Apology accepted! I've known that feel before.
YTA. That's still discrimination. You're probably not the first person to do this; you're contributing to a profound disadvantage in her life because you're afraid of what people might maybe possibly do in the future. This type of "benevolent" bigotry is also usually just a cover for people who are actually made uncomfortable by the difference themselves, anyway. You're uncomfortable with the vitiligo, and have decided to pass that feeling off on maybes and what other people might do. Also, where do you live where adults are routinely accusing those with vitiligo of having a transmittable disease? Vitiligo doesn't look like a rash or a disease, it looks like vitiligo. Most people who don't understand what vitiligo is think it's a burn, not a disease. I'm sure there are some people who think that way, but are people in your area genuinely so ignorant that you anticipate this being a frequent problem? Even if so, part of your job as a manager is to handle inappropriate customer behaviors. Don't be a manager if the thought of a conflict maybe possibly potentially happening is causing you to become so mousy and avoidant that you discriminate against someone. Yes, when you look different, staring will happen. People would stare if she was seven feet tall, or had dwarfism, or had red hair, or a big Afro, or was unusually fat or thin. People would stare if she was a different race than most people in the neighborhood. People would stare if she was more attractive than average. Do you not hire people who are pretty because someone might stare? Someone staring just means that they saw something unusual and forgot to have manners, not that they're going to start accusing everyone of having diseases.
To preface, my parents aren't the worst. My dad was actually fairly hands-off, and my mom certainly never rose to the insanity that I see posted around here a lot. She was still overbearing and many aspects of it fucked me up, but I could have had much worse parents. The first thing I did was move out, and moved far away. I haven't permanently lived with my parents since I was 17. The shitty finances are worth it; the people I know who stayed in their parents' homes or moved back in for much of their twenties make that absolutely clear. Interestingly, none of my friends who stayed living at home to "save money, and my mom would miss me" into their mid 20s actually ended up with the huge stockpile of money they anticipated (unless the family was already exceptionally well off to begin with). They all had more than enough to move out, but nowhere near enough to shake the terror of financial ruin that their helicopter parents seeded in their minds. My parents and I actually live in the same state now, but not close enough to pop in on each other unannounced. Beyond that, I simply have rejected the idea that I *must* cater to their wants. My mother will absolutely not die if I don't have a 2 hour long phone conversation with her daily. There is nothing she can do to force me to do so, either. "Doesn't your mom miss you?" Yeah, and? All parents miss their children. All children grow up and leave. No one's mother is so delicate and in need of her own child to baby her that she will be genuinely harmed by not having said child in her sight at all time. Rejecting the idea that I must be in her presence at all times or constantly be on the phone with her makes it much easier to just reject everything else she would "helicopter" upon me. I have friends who won't go out late at night, or worry themselves sick about nights out, or drinking, or driving on the freeway, or dating, or whatever, because their mothers "won't let them" even though they're grown and live in their own homes. My mother "won't let me" go to parties till 3 AM either, but it doesn't matter because she doesn't know what I'm doing in the first place. I simply do not tell her, and if I do, I don't provide details. And yes, after a while, my mom did catch on, and she's fine. Most helicopter moms are the same. Don't enable them.
If she's hiding in the bathroom to eat a granola bar as an adult, almost certainly YTA. That's not a normal thing to do. You don't indicate she has any issue with hygiene or binge eating, so why would she be doing it? Because she feels she doesn't have a moment of peace otherwise. The first hint is that you're banging on the door to "ask her a question" when she was in the bathroom, while you presumably assumed she was doing bathroom things. What possible question could you need answered while she's showering, brushing her teeth, or pooping?
It's less that the employees don't know the laws (though honestly it sounds like OP doesn't), and more that it isn't worth it. The cashier or door greeter straight up does not have the time nor the fucks to give to stand there arguing with someone who clearly has enough time and energy on their hands to fake a service animal, or emotional support animal. Everywhere I worked in retail or food service, we were specifically trained on the laws. There's little we can do if the person lies (which they almost always do; asking questions and reminding them of laws doesn't magically compel people to be truthful), and many places have an internal policy that a manager is the only one who can confront a customer with an animal anyway. I never did more than remind customers that only service animals were allowed, and that was often enough to have people lose their minds at me, scream, threaten my life, cause a scene, distract me from my job, ruin the other customers' day, and in one case, physically assault me (I can also guarantee that zero of the people who reacted this way had actual service animals). It just is not worth it. After a while, I'd ignore well-behaved dogs entirely, and inform a manager if clear non-service animals behaviors were being exhibited. You can't expect people making cashier or greeter salary (even at Costco) to be the service dog police. They are not paid enough, and they usually have more pressing duties to attend to that don't involve getting attacked by the type of people entitled enough to fake a service or support animal distinction.
NTA. People who are chronically late like this have one thing at the root of their behavior: obsessive selfishness and lack of empathy. They may come up with 100 reasons and excuses but they're all rooted in "I think the world revolves about my whims, and that everyone else is a background character in the movie that is my life." They were five hours late, not 30 minutes. That's an insane amount of time to be late.
NTA. Since he was in the military, this technically isn't stolen valor, but it really feels that way.
NTA. I was younger than 10 when someone explained that "gay" wasn't a big kid word for "stupid." Though IDK ten is a bit old for the "boys are icky" phase, lol.
Predators seek out positions where they can have power over their targets. "First" it was Austin Jones? Get real, there have been pedophile and rapist celebrities since the concept of celebrity has existed. It was essentially seen as acceptable, or simply mildly inappropriate, until *very* recently. Look at how musicians in the 70s and 80s treated questionably aged "groupies." Even nowadays, no one questions what rock stars were doing with young teenage girls, it's just seen as part of the "lifestyle" they led back then. And this applies to other careers where the person has influence over and access to victims. Religious leaders, educators, athletes, and anything that makes a person an obscene level of wealth. If some middle class jerk who worked in an office tried any of this, he'd be metaphorically hanged in the public square (well, not really, because we still go pretty soft on sex offenders in general, but people would typically accept that he's a bad guy and not provide him access to more victims). But if you're rich, famous, or an "authority," people become in awe of you and they don't apply rules to you. The victims trust people like this, and are afraid of the power they have.
This might have to do a lot with the change in focus of the videos. His earlier videos were straight up reviews. They were in depth but could not possibly have replaced seeing the movie, as they were well under 20 minutes long (usually 8 to 15 minutes, sometimes as little as 3 or 4 minutes for stuff like Disneycember) and interspersed with plenty of shots of him, funny animations, etc. At some point, the videos got much, much longer. They also went from being about nostalgic, sometimes totally obscure, media, to blockbuster stuff that's in theaters now. Posting a few minutes of clips from the Super Mario Brothers movie is going to spark a different reaction than posting half the run time of Frozen or a Star Wars sequel. However, I will say that the newer stuff is a lot less enjoyable. You have to be up on the "Channel Awesome" lore. You have to have seen whatever they're referencing recently, if not several times, to get the reenactment jokes. You can't just enjoy a review/skewering of something you are familiar with but saw as a kid, and you can't get a good idea of a piece of media you aren't already familiar with. A lot of it straight up is not reviewing. Nothing about his video about The Wall was a review. Also, in the past, he straight up took on more people (Lindsay Ellis specifically) because he didn't want to do a shitty job of reviewing stuff that he wasn't familiar with. He didn't want to review Sailor Moon, a cartoon "for girls" that aired in the 90s, as a man who'd grown up in the 80s. And now he proves why. Even when his judgement on a work is correct, it's not really fun to watch a middle aged man who grew up in the 80s crap on media that was designed for preschool aged girls in the 2000s. And since his initial draw was reviewing stuff from his childhood, that other people remember from their childhoods, it's weird to watch him review current movies that aren't for kids. What's nostalgic about that? Sometimes it makes sense; I liked his recent Grinch review, but that's because the Grinch is a nostalgic figure, and can be connected to something current adults remember from childhood. Why would I want to listen to someone called "The Nostalgia Critic" review Movie 43?
They've been very trendy and accessible for quite a while.
I know my limits for any and all substances I consume. In my social group, it's also knowing when to leave. There's a sweet spot of around 1:15 AM if it's bars, and just before 3 AM if it's someone's house. After those times, the drama and excess starts.
NTA. Nothing's funnier than a boomer who points out other boomers' boomy behavior. It also gives me a warm fuzzy feeling that aging past 30 doesn't have to make you a crotchety old curmudgeon. You sound like a favorite cousin of mine (I'm 29, she's in her 60s, and also gives me hope). And no matter how old you get, you can always troll your family. Also, "ok boomer" is just a silly meme from a shitty song. Of all the things people need to be mad/offended/disrespected about, this is the last one. The handwringing about it is so silly.
YTA. First of all, this is why surprise proposals suck. You can't control the other person's actions. They're not actors. They're not just sitting offstage in storage waiting for your directions. Second, you ignored her all day and didn't even confirm that you were where you said you'd be. Even if it wasn't for something "important" in your mind, she would not be an asshole for assuming complete radio silence meant that perhaps it wasn't a set plan.
NTA. Did someone other than this woman think you were? Regardless, I have to be on your side if only because I hate when people somehow know everything about "good customer service" but don't know how to consume said service. Counter service places are hardly rare, and are usually evident. I'm having flashbacks to people holding up the line and making a scene when I'm trying to get a quick dinner because they think the process at a counter service or build-your-own place (Subway, Potbelly, Chipotle) is just "sooooooooooooo confusing." Like, did you just step out of a time machine from the Dark Ages or something?!
YWBTA. He's a child. Will he become an engineer for SpaceX? Probably not. He will figure that out on his own when he can't get into an engineering program, or flunks out of one. Or maybe he's got some other issue with your class and physics, and he will mature/find a tutor/figure it out in college, and go on to invent Mega Space X. Your job isn't to dictate his life and crush his dreams, it's to teach him AP Calculus. Many children, including high school aged teenagers, have unrealistic goals. So fucking what? Most of us don't achieve our dream jobs, even many people who showed the aptitude as kids. And some people who teachers would have assumed were complete morons go on to do great things. Your life isn't dictated at 16. You will also achieve nothing by telling him this. If he can't cut it as an engineer, then he can't cut it whether you told him or not. Plenty of people change majors in college; they don't die. I know many a kid who was convinced he was going to be an engineer at 18, and left at 22 with a degree in business or accounting or sociology or pre-med. So what?! It's not a "nightmare," it's life. Very few people's lives are destroyed because they chose a different career path than they thought was neat as a high schooler. Plus, I bet there are jobs at SpaceX other than The Most Fancy and Top Engineer. Won't you feel stupid if his interest in the company lands him a sweet job at Space X flying the rockets or handling their finances or some shit?
They exist but you'll have to get more specific. We have a huge number of branded food products and many, many different grocery stores that have their own "lines." A singular list would be like a thousand pages long!
NTA. It is often not popular to say, but transracial adoptions by people like your sister will absolutely destroy a child's life, and there's often absolutely no support for a kid who's had to grow up in that shitty environment. It also very frequently turns to even more abusive behavior. Sure, she could just cause minor emotional damage by letting her shitty views slide and failing to learn how to do their hair or whatever, but people with shitty views towards people of color who adopt them anyway also tend to have a savior complex, which is completely dehumanizing and has more than a few of times led to the deaths of adopted children of color. I am not against transracial adoption in general, but this idea that all a parent needs to do is love their child as an individual is absolutely wrong. A white person who does not view other people of color with respect and doesn't go out of their way to become educated about how raising a child of a different race might be is incapable of raising a child of color without being abusive. The question only falls to how much.
&gt; Idk why some people think that gay kids and kids of color are life lessons for straight white people rather than actual human beings with feelings and needs. Louder for people in the back! I mentioned it in another response, but this attitude literally treats minority children significantly worse than it treats animals, and then turns around and expects them to be grateful for the experience.
Yeah. I was all ready to read an insightful look into transracial adoption from a perspective I hadn't heard much from substantially and of course I was disappointed. And I'm mixed race with a white father. Yes, I have had the "OMG you talk white" comments from black children growing up and all but the way people on reddit compare it to systemic antiblack racism, which I have also experienced, is just nonsense. Shitty comments from other children and nobodies on the street is not the worst aspect of racism. Not even close.
I'm in the US and a lot of people think it's illegal. I used to drive barefoot most of the time (mostly cuz I hate wearing shoes. I only stopped because I frequently wear shoes that are hard to take off and on in the car to work now) and never gave a thought to whether it was illegal or not. A lot of people who noticed would go all "bluhhhhh that's illegal" and I was like "I don't think so and I also don't care." I have to say, once people learn it's not illegal.....quite a few will admit to doing it sometimes, if not all the times, especially when they first learned to drive for some reason.
NTA. He's a weird racist. He may not be a hateful or violent person, but he's a weird racist and that's not something you need to deal with. Your friends who you "most admire" are also the ones you should admire least, TBH. They're asking you to what? Sacrifice your mental wellbeing and safety to convince him to better himself? That's so nasty. He's obviously weird about it too (cuz he's a weird racist), so why do they want you both to be uncomfortable?
He's just a weird racist. No one genuinely expects to know all aspects of someone's life and have no "secrets" after six weeks. Some people don't know their own ethnicity their whole lives!
YTA. Has he ever insulted your food? Sounds like no. He just likes condiments, it's NBD.
NTA. I've never heard any verifiable claim that failing to let someone on the autism spectrum sexually assault people would cause them to go nonverbal. I've never heard of an autistic child of that age going nonverbal at all, much less one who's making up complex songs, etc. A lot of that just doesn't add up. Something else was going on in that house, and whatever it was is in no way your fault.
BC in movies, they're never wearing glasses because the character is nearsighted. It's because they're choosing to look like a dork. When they take off their glasses, they never protest that they can't actually see, or go get their contacts. It's just "oh no, my glasses! Lacking them means I'll be conventionally attractive and that's contrary to my previous characterization!"
YTA. At 19, you're not even going to be the oldest at the prom, much less 2 years older than everyone. It's important to your girlfriend, and it's one night. Or, if you're uncomfortable being around 17 year olds, you have the option to not date her, and let her find a different date.
YTA. $950 for a wedding dress is.....expensive, but it's hardly extravagant, considering your $20k budget of cold hard cash that she contributed half of. You're essentially telling her that she can't spend 10% of *her own money* on something she wants and is more or less standard for a wedding. Having the dress "specially fitted" is also pretty much standard, whether she pays $50 for a dress of $50,000. It's a very specific garment, not a pair of Levi's. It has to fit perfectly, or she will look like a bag lady or a stuffed sausage walking down the aisle, especially if you're going to have her switch it out for a dress from a sketchy online store where I can 500% guarantee you, it will show up looking nothing like the picture and made of child's Halloween costume materials at best . It doesn't matter how slender she is. It's also kind of odd that you have the budget for a $20k wedding in, again, *cold hard cash,* and you're wearing someone else's saggy, baggy, improperly fitted, dusty, 30-40 year old tux that smells like mothballs to slump down the aisle. You have that much money, in *cold hard cash*, that would extremely easily cover the cost of both a lavish wedding and a fancy honeymoon with some to spare, and you don't even want to spend $100 rent a suit that will fit you?! And to top it all off, you called your wife a toddler because you won't let her "have" something she wants to buy with her own cold hard cash?! You really do think she is an object you own, don't you? She's right to reconsider whether you're a good match. If you're going to expect the two of you to slob down the aisle wearing trash sacks in order to spend a couple hundred bucks, when you're clearly well off and have enough savings to have nice, quality things, and you prevent her from spending her own money on stuff, you're not practical and thrifty. You're cheap and controlling. You're talking about this honeymoon you want so bad, but now I'm imagining you with six grand in the bank, staying at a Motel 6 on the outskirts of Henderson, telling her not to order from a bar because you can just pop a bottle of 99 cent store wine in the parking lot. And I say this as someone who straight up doesn't know anyone who spent more than $2-300 bucks on their wedding dress.
The combination of uptight royal standard of dress, and hideous 80's wedding trends, really made for an unpleasant look.
NTA. What your manager said was illegal. Most places I've worked, if they don't want you to work overtime, they will force you to clock out and leave within 90 seconds of quitting time, no joke. Not because they care about my work life balance, as they say, since I genuinely don't mind working an extra 15 minutes here or an hour there. It's because they know that the options for having an employee stay late are either "pay the employee more money" or "don't pay the employee, and risk getting the business shut down or sued to hell." If they want you to work flexible hours but not pay you more money per week, they can pay you a salary (and even salaried employees get overtime in some cases). If this is your first job, you're probably pretty young. People like your manager do stuff like this because they know that younger people, teenagers and early 20s, are often unaware of the laws, and are still very used to having "grown ups" tell them what to do and look out for their best interests. Do not let her get to you just because she's technically an authority. Don't shrink away or feel like a naughty, ignorant little kid. You're doing the right thing.
Of course they are. Art doesn't need to be high brow, or even good (though there are video games out there that are both). It just needs to be a creative endeavor. That's what video games are. Art.
NTA. I've personally never heard of a recovering alcoholic, much less one who is comfortable with others drinking in their presence, being opposed to food cooked with extremely little, undetectable amounts of alcoholic ingredients. However, it sounds like Jessica has some hangups about alcohol herself. It's not clear whether Jessica does not drink at all, or if she does, why. But in my experience, there are some people who for their own cultural or mental reasons see alcohol as an object that exists as the issue, rather than alcohol as an intoxicant. They see alcohol as a Bad, Evil, and Magical thing that ruins lives by just existing somewhere in the universe, rather than something that is neutral in and of itself, or even something that is simply unhealthy or potentially dangerous. This kind of freakout when Tim, the actual person who has experienced negative effects of alcohol consumption, is ambivalent, suggests that Jessica is this type of person. I am not a doctor or an addiction specialist, but I wonder about whether being with someone who is so freaked out by alcohol when it is not being consumed in excess or as an intoxicant at all is that healthy for someone who's choosing to be sober or a recovering alcoholic.
NAH. I think people often expect bystanders to just accept their inside jokes and personal boundaries as law. However, sometimes jokes like this need to be kept "inside" jokes. You're not being an asshole, but also, not everyone has your life, your sense of humor, or your relationship with your close friends and family members. Maybe your boyfriend really likes soccer and feels left out when he's assumed not to want to participate in watching matches. Maybe your boyfriend sucked at pee-wee soccer league when he was 6 and got bullied with homophobic language because of it. Stuff like that can make an absolutely innocent, funny joke between two people who didn't have that experience chafe. It's an inside joke. Keep it inside.
ESH. Your attitude is extremely immature towards schooling, and it sounds absolutely exhausting. That might come back to bite you in the ass when your realize that your attitude towards school at age 16 isn't going to carry you through the rest of your life. This guy really did think he was helping you out. He seemed genuinely worried that you were going to fail, and you could have at least been cool about that fact. He's probably popular because he expresses, or at least fakes, concern and caring for other people. But yeah, he's a twitchy helperton, and that's even more exhausting to me. You said no, and he absolutely should have dropped it way before spending three Euro on a photocopy (is printer paper made of gold and diamonds in Europe? Jeeze). Plus he tried to extort you. Very uncool.
NTA. She's not "racist," she's racist. The things she's saying mostly aren't clueless and fueled by stereotypes seen on TV or something, they're actively hateful. She has said actively hateful things to you. She HAS treated you badly because of your color. She isn't kind. She is rude and was raised wrong. And the excuse that she doesn't know enough black people is just flimsy. She knows you, and apparently dated a black man in the past. That's enough black people to know better. That's enough black people for someone with basic empathy and the slightest amount of home training to think "maybe the words shouldn't come out of my mouth right now. Maybe I should reconsider my preconceptions," no matter how small the town she grew up in is. But, since she has no empathy or home training, she said cruel and racist things. Cut her out!
YTA. Beyond the comment about the sodium, zero about this is based in reality or genuine concern for her health. You mention nothing about your girlfriend's diet or exercise habits beyond the fact that she eats "a lot" and has not yet gained weight. And your example of her eating "a lot" is her eating a meal and dessert at Applebees. Do you eat at Applebee's every day (if so, I am so sorry)? Because it's pretty normal for people to eat a lot, even a lot more than normal, when they're going out for a sit down dinner. You don't mention a normal day; for all we know she eats "a lot" of salads with light dressing, and goes on a 3 mile run. This leads me to believe that there's no health problems going on, you're just grossed out that a woman doesn't eat like a bird and might possibly potentially one day get fat. Guess what dude? Anyone could get fat "one day." That's the reality of an aging body. That's the reality of life. She could get fat if she gets pregnant, or if she goes on certain medications, or becomes disabled. Even if she counted calories and worked out every day, those things could cause someone to gain weight. If she ate 1500 calories and ran 3 miles a day, then had 3 kids or got sick and gained weight, would you leave her? Is having a maybe possibly not definitely but potentially in the future fat wife seriously that horrifying to you? I also notice that your description of your own eating and exercise habits are.....vague. Hearing "I take care of myself" and "she eats a lot," statements that mean absolutely nothing, presented as a "reality check about her diet" indicates that you perhaps don't have a healthy or realistic view of food yourself.
That is caused by a number of factors, including obsessive force feeding children until they physically do not know what their body needs. And yes, our society very much does force feed children into being sick. A good number of those obese Americans would not be obese if they hadn't spent their formative years being punished for being "ungrateful" if they didn't gargle down a huge pork chop and a bowl full of potatoes meant for a grown man at every meal. This actively stops their brains from understanding that they don't need to have a "clean plate" or feel bloated and nauseated to be "full." If parents stopped force feeding their kids and whinging that "they're picky" or "they'll ask for cookies later if I don't beat them for not eating 6000 calories of healthy boiled meat and starch," fewer people would think that overeating is correct. The human body does not usually naturally allow you to cram your face full of food beyond the point of being ill.
NAH. I do think both of you are misunderstanding your son though, and forgetting that he's 14. At 14, every damn thing is about your peer group. Your family, your morals, and your culture don't mean nearly as much to you as what your friends are saying. Which means he may be taking very short-sighted views of things that would not be so devastating to an adult or to an older child. To an adult, or even maybe to a 16 year old, the other Asian kids saying "you're white, you do XYZ things like a white person" would be rejected as childish silliness. To a middle schooler, it's very hurtful, and feels like you're being bullied for no reason, and it could be very tempting to say "Asians don't like me, so I don't like them," rather than "these kids are merely assholes with no home training, and I shouldn't base my sense of identity on their comments." And while your wife's wording is.....incorrect.....that's probably what she's worried about more if you dig deeper. She probably doesn't think "my Asian son is randomly racist against Asians because he's bad," she thinks that his rejection of these things and anger at other Asian children is indicative of him being uncomfortable with being Asian or mixed race and that he's internalized these prejudices from wider society and his anger at these classmates will push him even further into hating his Asian side (which also by virtue would mean he's resentful of her and his siblings). And as a mixed race person.....this happens. There are a lot of mixed people out there who for a number of reasons are very resentful of one side of their heritage. They get bad messages from the media about one side of their culture, then someone from that side like a family member or a peer is mean to them, and boom, you have a mixed race person desperately clinging to only one side (usually the white side, but I've seen it in all different ways) and trying desperately to prove they're "not like the others." It's not healthy (there's a pretty infamous example of a young mixed race man who really hated his Asian side for reasons like this). You don't want your kid to be bitter against their Asian side. You don't want your kid to be on reddit talking about how Asians are the worst people on earth because a few spoiled brats in his language class said he "talked white" or some shit like that. I do agree that "racist" isn't the right word to use, though
NTA. I'm not an expert or anything, but I've actually heard that the keto diet is not good for children, aside from those who have certain medical conditions. And you are correct; obsessing over diets, especially fad diets like keto, with your children is a fantastic way to fuck up their mindset about food forever. You gave your two year old chicken nuggets and fruit. It's absolutely going to harm him for his mother to have a meltdown because he ate *fruit*.
Oh, some people do. Google fruitarians. They generally do not gain weight, actually, even eating far in excess of 2000 calories a day, because if you're getting most of your calories from fruit, you're getting a wild amount of fiber and water in your diet, so all of those calories leave your body pretty quickly. I bet their teeth fucking suck though. But yeah, the handwringing over "sugar" as it relates to fruit on reddit is seriously concerning and very disordered. No one is eating that much fruit without being on some wild disordered diet, and sugar isn't the devil. Especially when it comes from fruit. A banana isn't a Snickers bar, no matter how much some fad dieter wants to assert that it is to convince themself that they're in control. I think they looked at that one guy on My 600 Pound life who ate a ton of clementine oranges and didn't immediately lose weight and thought "aha, see, fruit is just as bad as junk food!" Without considering that a) that guy already weighed 600 pounds, b) he mentioned this a fairly short time after he started trying to lose weight (you're not going to drop 400 pounds in weeks or months, no matter what), and c) he was eating wild amounts of oranges as between meal snacks. His meals were likely still similar, and the bulk of his caloric intake. He wasn't replacing all of his food with clementine oranges, he was replacing his between meal chips and cookies with clementine oranges. It's certainly a healthier choice than a family sized bag of Ruffles, but 50 clementine oranges on top of 3 (maybe more?) gigantic portion meals isn't going to make a huge difference either way.
YTA. You experienced an *extremely* minor inconvenience while parenting, and you wanted to bail on your limited time caring for your children over it. What do you think happens when one parent in a non-blended family gets sick? The other parent takes care of the children. What do you think happens when two parents or a single parent gets sick? They still take fucking care of their children. They don't get to pick their favorite and ship the others off. Also, your older children are 5 and 6, not toddlers. Not dogs. They don't "settle." What exactly were these first graders and an infant doing that made it so hard for you to find a solution?
YTA. Your husband-to-be is having the wedding too. The compromise would to get a smaller cake that is more appropriate to the size and setting of the wedding plus a dessert you want, not to say that he can't have cake if he wants it. You would not, however, be the asshole if you refuse to have a bite if you seriously have this wild aversion to cake.
NTA. Where in the world are you that kids that age aren't being vaccinated for it? And "every kid gets chicken pox twice?" I got pox as a kid because the vaccine wasn't really around yet, but back in Ye Olde 90s, it was fairly well accepted that kids got chicken pox once and then were immune. I knew people who got it twice, but that was rare enough to be surprising. It's also super dangerous to bring pox infected people around a pregnant woman, or adults who haven't been vaccinated. Yeah, pox isn't that bad for toddlers and children (usually), but it can be really hard on adults, and it is incredibly dangerous for pregnant women and the child she's carrying. I actually knew someone who became extremely sick and was hospitalized as a young adult due to complications relating to her mother getting chicken pox when she was pregnant. Something that happened before she was born put her in the hospital 20 years later!
The daughter is lying precisely because she knows this is how her stepmother will react to a tiny misdeed. I see a lot of my family in this submission. It's a "big deal" because there is no waiting for a lie or for it to become a consistent thing for the situation turns into a blowup, and there's no controlled blowup. There's no "give a scolding for the first offense, take the phone for a weekend for the second offense, grounded the third time, why-aren't-you-getting-it the fourth time." The first time, it causes a world-shattering blowout. OP has said that this has happened "once or twice" before, which is essentially zero times in the course of a high schooler's entire life, but I can guarantee the first time was just as if not more explosive than this one. The first or second time, it taught her that there will be no discussions, no understanding, no mild punishment, and most importantly, no sense of scale. If the worst thing your 15 year old does is forget a single homework assignment and gets a 30 minute detention over it, you've been blessed with possibly the best behaved, least problematic 15 year old on earth. And when a kid who is nearly perfect learns that their tiny moment of forgetfulness will be treated with the same wrath that they'd get for wrecking the car or being the school coke dealer, they learn "might as well go all the way and lie so at least I get my party and delay the end-of-the-world mom meltodwn."
Because she's doing it on purpose. I actually wanna say OP is TA for marrying this woman who apparently is best friends with the evil stepmothers from old Disney movies.
She is TA. This behavior is insane, it's abusive, it's unhelpful, and it's rude. "Wanting what's best" is less than the bare minimum of being a good parent. Also, the daughter will absolutely do it again. She has been taught that all offenses will raise the ire of her stepmother to earth shattering tantrums, so she will become better at hiding it, and potentially begin to do worse since all offenses are the same, if she doesn't just completely emotionally shut down and develop crippling anxiety about ever stepping one toe out of line. Probably all three. I can tell you from experience (except that to my mother's credit, she was never so rude and ill-behaved that she'd have done this in front of company).
That really depends on the school. I did in middle school, not in high school. But when I was in high school, your parents also couldn't see your grades until your report card came out, so maybe schools are a bit more uptight now, especially if she goes to a private school or a smaller school. And you wouldn't get a detention for missing 100 homeworks any more than you'd get from missing 1 when I was in high school, anyway. However, it doesn't sound like she was in a detention room, but kept behind in a classroom to finish a homework assignment. That's a very different type of punishment.
Yeah, it's so odd that people seem to think that a 30 minute detention for not completing a homework assignment in high school is a "big deal," and it makes me worried. Objectively, in high school, the rare detention for stuff like homework, tardiness, and dress code violations.....aren't a big deal unless you're getting them every week. Almost every kid gets them once in a while. Even the high schools with stupid strict rules know this. The detentions aren't there to punish kids who did Big Bad Unforgivable things. Those kids get suspended, or sent to alternative school. Detention mainly serves the purpose not really to punish kids, but to teach them that rules exist and there are consequences for breaking them. Saying it's a Big Thing reminds me of my mother. She freaked the absolute fuck out every time I got a detention, regardless of the cause. As an adult, she sometimes calls me to "tell on" her friends who have younger children still in school, and expects me to agree. "Mikey missed the bus and ended up being 20 minutes late because he walked to school instead, then got a detention, then had the nerve to tell his mom it's no big deal! Can you imagine that?!" Yes, I can imagine that, because I also got tardiness detentions as a high schooler and amazingly, nothing bad happened once she was done with her rampage over it. I was not denied entrance in college. I never lost a job over it. Unless the detentions are correlated to nonstop bad behavior, constant cutting class, or genuinely flunking due to incomplete assignments, it's seriously *not a big deal.* High schoolers out there, I do not encourage you to get detention. But if you get detention a handful of times for being 5 minutes late, or bending the dress code, I can guarantee you that colleges and jobs do not care. The administration of the school and your teachers also really don't care; you're not going to be branded a troublemaker or kicked out of extracurriculars or be barred from AP classes because you got one detention. It's not even really kept track of year to year, so if you get twenty detentions freshman year, that doesn't matter sophomore year. Do not let adults tell you that these minor screw ups will ruin your life!
Unrealistic even for the time. It takes about half an hour to get from the Home Alone house to Ohare even in ideal traffic. It amazes me to this day that John Hughes would make such a glaring error.
You think that every single high school aged boy who gropes a girl is thrown in prison in 5 minutes? You are so wrong that it's unbelievable. Every woman on earth can tell you that no, men and boys overwhelmingly don't get thrown in prison for groping us. It's just that this girl was so flagrant and unusual that you noticed her, and didn't notice the girls suffering similarly at the hands of boys because it didn't concern you. I wouldn't be surprised if you laughed along with those guys too, just to turn around to be aghast at the female sexual abuser.
Question, since you seem to know: Are Model Ts not street legal in the present day? Because I've always seen the rare Model T on the street. Probably not a 1908 model, but definitely models from the 1920s. Would all of these have been very heavily modified, or have they been "grandfathered in" or something? Granted, I also live in Arizona, so people do sometimes drive golf carts around on the street here....
I'm super duper curious as to the country you live in where 15 year old boys are thrown into prison without trial for groping, and all women are roving sexual predators. I've never heard of such a country, please educate me. And yeah, based on your rampagingly misogynistic follow up, where you think it's dandy sprinkles to get girls drunk to rape them (because that is what that is. You unironically described an extremely common tactic to commit literal, unambiguous rape) but do not consider it acceptable for a girl to consensually sleep with male virgins, you absolutely do sound like the type of guy who can be assumed to have a chuckle if your schoolmate honked a girl's boob or something, and don't consider it to be "as bad" as the girl you described in your initial post.
He did that on camera. Do most people who grope people for jollies, of any gender, get caught on camera? You are dead fucking balls to the wall wrong. Every statistic on earth contradicts you. "It doesn't swing the other way," no, because it doesn't swing any way. Unless you claim that nearly every woman on earth is a liar? Because I know next to zero women who were not groped in some way *by the end of middle school,* either by their peers or older men. I've never known a man to go to jail for smacking a woman's ass (which happens a thousand times a night in every bar), and even men who are convicted of rape, or even child rape, get exceptionally low sentences. The vast, vast majority of women who are assaulted are shamed and called liars. There is no way for the door to swing. Women don't get harsh punishments for sexual assault, but that's not surprising, because neither do men.
Yep. My grandfather and I are *slightly* closer in age, him being born in 1913 (we think) and I born in 1990. People often don't believe when my great grandparents were born (my great grandmother was born in the 1870s, and my great grandfather was older. He may have been born into slavery but we aren't sure). But my great grandparents had an asston of kids over the course of 20+ years. My grandfather didn't have a lot of kids, but he was pretty old when my mother was born. My mother was 30 when I was born. The narrative is that everyone prior to the year 2000 was having kids super young is honestly incorrect, especially when you consider that the people who did start having kids super young often didn't stop until they had to stop. Which is generally in the mid to late 40s for women, and indefinitely for men. I believe there are still 2 living grandsons of John Tyler, who was born in 1790.
At one point in the mid 2000s my grandma replaced her old rotary dial phone with a handheld wireless phone complete with answering machine. She took to it well, my grandfather.....did not get it. At one point he and his sisters were out of town somewhere and tried to call my grandmother at home. My grandmother was out doing whatever so they got the answering machine. Which they did not understand. They just heard my grandmother's voice "answer" the phone. So there's a long message of one of my great aunts screaming at my grandmother, assuming she's no longer responding because she can't hear her, then my grandfather in the background, dismissively saying "she's got one of them cell phones now. It doesn't work!" He died being quite convinced that cell phones (and cordless touch tone phones) don't work as a general rule. I wish I knew what he thought everyone on earth was doing with them if they did nothing.
I was a particularly irresponsible child. I think I was 9 when I got my ears pierced, and took care of them fine. She got her ears pierced by someone who was presumably trained to do so, she didn't shove a paperclip through her own ear. The vast, vast majority of elementary aged children, much less teenagers, can take care of an earlobe piercing. If a kid can be trusted to brush their own teeth with only mild prompting, they can probably take care of an earlobe piercing.
If they get that infected, she should be seeing a doctor or an actual piercer. If they get infected, she absolutely shouldn't have her father, who doesn't know anything about piercings, yanking them about.
Yes it should have. I didn't say that OP was right, I said that if the girl's ears get infected, that will go from a probably minor problem to a potentially extremely dangerous one if the response if for a short-tempered novice who is uneducated on the topic being discussed to start yanking his daughter's ears around because he has a weird puritanical attitude towards ornamentation. And yes, he would be actively engaging in neglect if he didn't go to a professional in this hypothetical. Also, this idea that 13 year olds are babies sitting in diapers who can't wash their own ears is still goofy. A 13 year old should be more than capable of cleaning her own ears. If this particular one isn't, she's got bigger problems than unauthorized trips to the piercing pagoda.
YTA. I was going to go with everyone being TA, because I was imagining like, some dumb fursuit or whatever, which is extremely obnoxious but not worth the "you're going to get shot." But I looked it up, and seriously? I understand why your dad is concerned. Even if he wasn't concerned, he doesn't want to go grocery shopping with someone trying to prove a point with an "edgy" costume. Also, you must understand this: "I don't care what people think of me" and "I did this because the reaction is a remedy for boredom" are mutually exclusive logic trains. If you did not care what people thought, you wouldn't have any reason to do this for the jollies, and you definitely wouldn't have been so insistent when your father asked you not to. Because if you don't care what people think, you don't care just as much if you're wearing jeans and a t-shit. You care very much what people think. You may not want them to think "look at this average young gentleman who is conforming to society's whims, how great," but you still want them to think something. Why do you care so much if strangers know how edgy, different, and good at cosplay you are?
I'm not being weird about this. I am pointing out that in the event that they do get infected, the father in this story is a bad and dangerous person to help. If he thinks that yanking out a brand new piercing is a good idea simply because he's a prude and "doesn't like it," he doesn't know enough to be helping in the event of an infection. And it's quite vile to suggest that in the event that the daughter gets infected that she or OP "should have thought about that before" and just expect the father, who has demonstrated poor knowledge of piercing care from the start, should be the one to "help." In that event, an actual professional should be the one "helping."
Yes, he *is* only 4, which is why his mother should stop him from eating sand!
There's one place I go to that is always like this. While my experiences at other fast food joints have been varied, this place is always been consistent in their inability to understand a full sentence and retain even the smallest amount of information. I have learned to only give my order in the shortest directions possible (each item individually, and wait for them to repeat it back to me to confirm every time), and even then I have to repeat myself twice every time. Doesn't matter if I go in or drive through either. I'm not sure if they just always hire people who can't get jobs at other fast food joints, or if they are specifically trained to take orders like this, but my guess after having interacted with several of the employees and their management would be both.
No she can't, but hey, maybe OP will see the comments pointing out that it's not always a good idea to "take them out," relay that information to her ex, and hope he makes a safe choice rather that potentially fucking up her ears if the situation arises.
NTA. I do feel for your brother and his girlfriend, but their request is ultimately unreasonable. I think they're just upset by the stress of having a low income and dealing with a 3 year old who's decided to be picky not with nuggets or mac and cheese, but with things they can't give her to avoid the tantrum. She will grow out of it and hopefully, they will mellow out.
YTA. First off, you seem like you're interested in knowing Mel in a more that professional context. You might not be flirting with her, but that's how it came off. You were way too persistent and did not take "no" for an answer, even though you knew it made her uncomfortable enough to tell her boss and potentially get you banned from the store. Second, offering jobs to people who are at their current jobs kind of skirts a line anyway. It can come off as very, very condescending.
You're welcome! You and your family deserve better friends. You may be no flawless gem, but your reaction to the "chainsaw" comment is a lot better than mine would have been, let's leave it at that.
Not generally, but I don't think most body builders are doing it specifically to be attractive to women. For the record, women who have absurd plastic surgery (much less women with naturally huge breasts) generally aren't doing that to be attractive to the average man.
Eh, I've known some bodybuilders casually IRL. They don't look like a naked guy covered in oil and bronzer, but they also don't look like an unassuming guy who goes to the gym twice a week. You can tell. Then again, most of them were dating women who were also into bodybuilding, bikini contests, or other "extreme" workouts and appearance enhancements. Which makes sense....similar interests and ideals of what is attractive. They certainly weren't trying to get my attention. I also find that bodybuilders tend to be extremely nice and friendly people, at least superficially. No idea what it's like to be part of the subculture, but every bodybuilder, male or female, I've ever interacted with has been extremely pleasant.
Official rules are created so that if someone breaks them, there's a consequence, and that consequence doesn't end up being "mob justice revenge." If the only consequence for murdering someone is social, then there are two options: the murderer walks free and continues to be a danger to society, or the loved ones of the victim getting mad and kill the murderer themselves. Which makes them murderers themselves, and also introduces the possibility of mistaken identity, mass hysteria, or a never ending string of revenge killing. Which is why societies have made murder illegal, and further, why many societies have also specifically made *lynching* illegal, even though it may seem redundant and an attempt to stifle the righteously angry. Like most safety regulations and those apparently stupid warnings on consumer goods, most new laws are made because someone found a loophole in an existing law, and it negatively affected another person or society at large. People abusing those loopholes is why new laws get made. "I'm not breaking the rules" is not inherently synonymous with "the things I am doing are right." Doing something that is harmful but legal introduces the idea that perhaps that thing should not be legal. At one point, laws didn't exist at all, and therefore it was not against the law to murder, rape, or steal. Someone had to come up with the idea to formalize those social rules that did not have official consequences. Laws are not naturally occurring (or, more specifically, the laws that feel "right" to you because they were passed before you entered adolescence and never questioned them are not naturally occurring). This is not to argue that all laws are just and sensible, as many are not. Just pointing out that just because a law is new does not mean it's an infringement on Good and Upstanding Citizens, because those people, while technically law abiding, may actually be doing something that causes harm.
This isn't the only thing, but being so apathetic that you never express a real opinion or initiate a conversation/activity. The guy who says "I guess I like all music" (or it's variation "everything but rap and country") if you ask what music he likes. The guy who says "IDK I don't really follow politics" if you mention literally any current event, no matter how apolitical. The guy who always says "whatever you want to eat is fine." The guy who watches the TV in a trance when a football game is on, but doesn't get excited if his team is winning or losing because "IDK I don't really follow sports." The guy who has no favorite books or movies or video games, who doesn't have any hobbies aside from playing the same video game or drinking the same beer at the same bar, the guy who's never got anything to say, positive or negative, about anything around him. Everything and everyone are "fine." He kind of.....likes stuff, I guess, in that he doesn't particularly hate it, but you also don't know if he is capable of hating anything because he never branches out of a narrow range of "basic" things. Or if he does, it's never "wow, that's for introducing me to that, I like it" or "omg never expose me to that, it's awful." You show him a movie that doesn't star Adam Sandler or involve explosions, and it's "IDK, it was kinda weird I guess haha." This guy likes to paint himself as easygoing, chill, and lacking drama. But in reality, he is boring. He confuses a lack of tension with positivity. This doesn't mean that liking music, books, politics, sports, movies, or drama makes one interesting, but it at least gives a person something to talk about. If everything is "IDK fine," the ability to converse, connect, and expand is dead. I wish I could say that most of these guys are heavy stoners and are just too high to be expressive, but I have met plenty that have never touched a drug in their life. EDIT: Well this blew up. A few things \- No, I'm not describing someone with depression. Which this type of person could be depressed, what I'm describing isn't "being depressed." Symptoms of depression have context, and simply being tedious to be around doesn't mean a person is depressed. Someone who has just never branched out of the routine of "consume what's popular just because it's popular, and never rock the boat" doesn't need to be depressed to be that way. \- I'm also not describing social anxiety, fear of conflict or introversion. Those things also don't make a person interesting. Further, someone who "fears conflict" enough that they never express even the mildest opinion is not only boring, but they're extremely stressful to be around, so that isn't a good thing. \- I might be describing someone who is a shit conversationalist, but that doesn't make them not boring. \- If someone like this secretly has all kind of deep interests that they never share because us plebes would never get it, that doesn't make them not boring. That makes them both boring, and a snob. \- Not caring about one, or several, of these topics does not make a person boring so stop asking for validation. It's not caring enough about any subject that makes a person boring.
I don't think these people are "empty shells," I think they are boring. I'm not describing someone with a niche interest, I'm describing someone who expresses no interests, or interests that only exist so much as these people obviously don't just sit around motionless doing absolutely nothing. They apparently just consume things because they're "supposed to," without branching out in any way or even becoming invested. I'm not "mistaking them" for boring, they *are* profoundly boring to interact with. When online dating as a woman, these people especially are a dime a dozen. They would even try to start a conversation, but almost everything would be shut down pretty much immediately. They like X, Y, and Z major popular thing, but they apparently don't like even that enough to have a conversation about it. If you express that you also like that thing, it's "haha cool." If you express that you like some different thing, it's "that's weird, haha." And you know.....overly cordial (though I would hardly call these people "cordial") or socially subservient people....*are boring.* It's not ironic to state that, it's true. It is uninteresting to try to socialize with someone who doesn't care enough or hasn't considered something enough to talk about it or participate in it, someone who does not branch out, someone who consistently places the burden of the social interaction on others, or someone who considers their interests so niche that they couldn't possibly discuss them.
Which is why I'm not necessarily describing a "person with depression." Most people I know who struggle with depression do not act like this. Most people I know who act like this, aren't depressed. Not caring about anything is a symptom of depression, but that's not really what I'm describing.
No. But this guy is common. My comment was also getting long AF so I didn't include it, but frankly....as much as people want to paint "this guy" (or girl) as someone with depression or hidden depths that I'm just too lame to understand, *usually* they're just a person with average or slightly below average intelligence who lacks the curiosity to explore anything or ever step outside of society's "basic" roles, and who is just barely self-conscious enough to reject anything that might be "weird." It sounds kinda snobby, but I know some real dummies and basic bros/bitches who aren't boring like this because they still are capable of discussing something or having their own opinion. If someone wants to regale me with their deep fascination with the Marvel cinematic universe or Family Guy or radio pop music, that person might be interesting, or at least can keep up a conversation long enough that I give a fuck, even though their interests are just "whatever's popular."
Playing Madden or COD (always a sports or first-person shooter) daily doesn't necessarily make it a "favorite."
Yes! I almost felt bad making this example guy a, well, guy, because I do know girls who are kind of like this.....but honestly, not many (I have my theories as to why). This guy was everywhere in college and dating online. Online dating, I suppose you can chalk it up to them not understanding that even a dull answer can be a conversation starter if you word it correctly ("I like all food. What about you? Is there something you'd like to try/would suggest I try?"). But getting to know these people better.....a lot of the time, it doesn't get better. I suppose they seem very content though.
Oooh, I like this way of phrasing it.
NTA. Your friend is also the absolute stereotype (and a better example than most!) of people who go bankrupt after winning the lottery, so you don't want her connected to your finances in the long run. First the lottery money will run out, then they're going to try to maintain the lifestyle with their regular money, then they're suddenly going to start coming up short on your sub-minimum wage payments.
Ehhh. You're not wrong, but Y T A. She isn't obligated to stay with some boyfriend she met as a teenager for the rest of her life, and her feeling attracted to someone new was probably a wakeup call as to how absolutely young you guys are to be making such serious commitments. You are absolutely right that they're both better off though. But ESH, because she shouldn't have asked for your input in the first place, and what she did wasn't exactly nice.
YTA. You strongarmed them into a stupid party they didn't want, then cursed out a 6 year old for ruining a surprise no one cared about.
NTA. Your slumlord is the asshole, btw. Your parents are a bit too, but seriously, your slumlord needs to be in jail if he's not fixing the problems you've described and is still charging enough in rent that someone making 1.5X an "okay" amount of money can't afford it (also, you don't mention if your mother or sister work).
YTA. The behavior you're describing is disrespectful, not only to your teacher, but to your classmates. You're in 10th grade, so you should really be past the "lol school is dumb, this is so easy, this is so lame" class clown phase. The other students are trying to learn or to zone out and mind their business; they don't need someone scoffing and showing off that he's so much faster than them while they're trying to focus on their classwork. Why do you need to announce that you're done anyway? Is that standard in your classes? It wasn't when I was in school. Especially since....it sounds like the assignment wasn't actually that easy for you. The first question he marked wrong was in fact wrong. Did you get confirmation that the rest of your answers were right, or are you just assuming so because they seem right? Especially since he marked *almost* all of the answers wrong. I'd think if he was just being a snot, he'd have just given you a 0 to be an ass. Probability is not as easy as your teachers in middle school made it seem. A lot of answers that seem right by using common sense are, in fact, extremely wrong. It's not straightforward like arithmetic, algebra, or geometry. It's really a fun branch of mathematics, too, so maybe you'd do well to mellow out and focus on learning it.
While your parents are also kind of being jerks, I really feel for them. Definitely help them out by looking for other places to live, and looking into your legal options. I don't know how to go about this at all, but I am sure that your landlord cannot legally be charging rent for 2 years with a caved in roof.
INFO: How does this person make people uncomfortable? What is "weird" about them?
INFO: Did you specifically adopt them because you want a "cute rainbow family," or did you just say "we want to adopt, give us any kid that needs a family?" Further, are you genuinely a good parent to children of color? Not "colorblind," but genuinely a good, understanding, educated parent to a child who will grow up to be an adult that is not white? Because my experience with the interracial adoption issue, and the fact that two people are saying the same thing, makes this worth questioning.
Those aren't the only options. You don't need to be a performative "rainbow family," nor a white supremacist. An adoptive parent can, in fact, simply be open to any child who needs parents, then take it upon themselves to educate themselves properly about any cultural or racial differences.
Hmmmm. NTA BUT. I think you're directing your anger to the wrong person. A high school teacher doesn't have the power to do much beyond give a talking to and report the problem to a higher up. They also don't have the right to share punishments with other students. For all you know, she begged the principal to expel them and he said no. Or she did give them some sort of punishment, and simply cannot share that information with you just because you want to feel vindicated. I'm going to share something else you need to deeply consider in this context, especially since your bullies are "teacher's pets," as a victim of bullying by teachers pets: a very, very big tactic of bullies who are "teacher's pets," or "nerdy kids," or other kids who are looked upon by adults as "good" or "unthreatening," is to go sniffling to the teacher, pointing fingers at the victims, and saying "SHE BULLIED ME!" Some teachers fall for it, some teachers are wise to this trick, so basically, all teachers need proof before doling out punishments. If the only proof you have of this bullying is your word, the teacher fundamentally has no idea if everything you said is true, or if it's just a sly maneuver to get some kids you don't like in trouble. Even her higher ups might not be able to do anything if you don't have any proof.
NTA. Your birthday, your treat. You could have a tofu loaf if you thought that was a treat, because it's your day! You're already going above and beyond to get them alternate treats. Also, I've had vegan and gluten free baked goods. Maybe it's because I love all kinds of food so much, but when they're done well, there's either not much difference, or they're good in a way that makes them a completely different dessert. They might not even find that it has an objectionable texture/taste.
There was one at the fancy mall nearby where I grew up. I'd make my mom take me in there every time. We'd play with all the displays and look at everything. We never spent even a single penny in that store.
I think that it's very much the case that most people don't know about the My Immortal mystery, but I think it would be fairly unlikely that the author of My Immortal got so disconnected from the subculture of people who'd care in the relatively short time between when My Immortal transitioned from "a popular bad fanfic" to "an infamous and iconic mystery." I was there the whole time and the gap of time between the story going viral and it becoming an iconic mystery was small. The arguments over who wrote it and whether it was genuine vs. satire started while the fic was still being actively written. Someone who put that amount of time into the fanfic, even if it was real but definitely if it was a parody, is someone who is pretty deep into the fandom, and into fanfiction in general. They're probably not going to go from "My Immortal" to "completely divorced from fandom" between 2007 and 2008. I don't think whoever wrote it ever wants to be known, unless that person is Rose Christo (I'm up in the air on that one). I'd also wager that based on that, there's a single author, not two, and no hacker; it's easy for one person to keep a secret. Three, not so much.
You'll miss a lot of personal growth if you settle down into a serious relationship at a young age. Living alone, learning what and who you like, making mistakes, doing things without having to answer to someone or think of their needs....anyone who boils it down to "just partying and casual sex" is boring, and only knows boring people. That also depends on what you mean by "young age" as well. Some people say this and mean 16, others say this and mean 26. It's anecdotal, but everyone I knew who was married at 18 was divorced by 21. Because they committed their lives to another person without even knowing themselves yet. And everyone does a lot of growing between 18 and their early 20s. You become a very different person in those years. Tying yourself seriously to another kid at that age runs the risk that you look around a couple years later and realize that neither of you is the person who made that choice. In some ways, you always run that risk, but the risk is way, way higher if you're too young to buy a beer.
Using "queue" when they mean "cue." The homophones all grate on me, but this one is especially awful because it's not just a mistake of confusion, it's born from assuming that "more complicated" means "more correct." This is the same line of thinking that tells people that it's "conversating" rather than "conversing," or that an apostrophe means "look out everyone, here comes the letter S." They're thinking "if I pepper what I'm saying with extra letters and garbage punctuation, that makes me smarter." Which means they're even harder to convince than someone who is just too uneducated to know there difference between "there" and "their."
The thing is, people always assume that others get what they mean, but sometimes....they don't. You can't always figure it out, especially if there are a lot of homophone mistakes in one thought, and double especially if the punctuation is poor. There are a lot of times when people use the incorrect word several times, misspell every other word, and write everything as a huge run-on sentence, then get mad when I don't know what they mean. But I do not usually know what they mean. Sometimes I'll even read the comment out loud to help, and still be baffled. (English has so few rules because it has a lot of loan words from being a global language pretty much from the very beginning. At least we don't have built in stupidity like gendered nouns.)
Depends on the psychological effects, and what you mean by "spoiled." Being privileged as a kid and being a hideous brat experiencing no consequences both tend to get the label "spoiled." But there's nothing particularly wrong with being privileged, as long as you are mindful about it. If you're thinking of spoiled as just having been privileged, just learn from those around you and work to acknowledge that others didn't have as much. Don't assume others had or experienced what you had. Ask people if they can participate if what you're inviting them to requires money, rather than assuming, saying "it's only X dollars," and getting mad. Don't express overt shock or pity if someone casually mentions they don't/didn't have something that is realistically a luxury. Don't make a scene if they don't/didn't have something that isn't a luxury; help quietly if you can, leave it be if you can't. Definitely don't try to commiserate by calling yourself poor/lacking if you weren't (this is a big problem, I find. It creeps me out that people who are wealthier than I can imagine claim to be or have grown up broke just because they want to project an image). If you mean spoiled as in being a hideous brat.....not sure! I kind of grew out of my hideous brat phase as a young kid, because I did experience consequences lol.
Yes. And I find it....odd that well-off people need to travel to far off lands to understand poverty. I can think of few countries that lack poverty. You shouldn't need to see exotic poverty to count your blessings and consider your privilege when there are needy people at your door, and you shouldn't use poor people in other countries as an educational lesson on a tourist trip anyway.
Joe Arpaio.
🤔
NTA. You sound like a fairly well rounded, successful person, and while you're short compared to your family, you're not terribly short by the general population's standards. "Beta cuck" and "bitch boy" are also somewhat odd insults to just pick on someone's height alone (I have to say, I don't get the mailman comment at all. Are mailmen supposed to be short?). They're not exactly calling you "shorty" or whatever. Are people in your family perhaps jealous of your success or something?
NTA. He's going to have a rough time working someplace that caters to children chaperoned by adults then getting in a tizzy that the adults finish the food. Kids are finicky, have small stomachs, and get excited at playtime so decide they're "not hungry" because going in the bouncy castle seems more exciting. Their parents/guardians finish their food all the time. This manager is going to be so busy if he has to confront every party where an adult finishes a child's leftovers.
Eh, I get it. I worked in a place that served huge portions, and a lot of adults would want to order kids meals, which was fine most of the time even though it was technically against the rules. 80% of the time, it was fine, but some people were really doing it to try to "trick" us. Kids meals for kids under 12 come with a free children's drink.....so they'd insist that meant that an adult ordering a kids mean got a free drink (no), and then want that drink to be coffee or tea (no) or even beer (NO), and that they also got a free dessert (no), and on and on and on. We didn't go so far as to punish the majority of normal people who just wanted a small meal, but I can totally see why a place would actually enforce the policy. Because despite your "greedy money hog" comment, most restaurants that aren't huge chains aren't necessarily turning very big profits. Many operate at a loss, even. If enough people try to trick and scam their way into free/cheap meals, the restaurant is going to close.
Have you ever boarded a Southwest flight? I have been one of the first people in B group, and there are often basically only aisle seats left. Rarely to never a full row, which is what OP would have needed for an easy flight, unless the flight was not taking off anywhere near capacity (which basically never, ever happens). Two seats next to each other during family boarding is actually fairly impressive. OP didn't pitch a fit or hold up the flight, she didn't hold up the plane, she found places for her and her children to sit, and sat down. For the record, something similar happened to me when I was small, except that my father did book 2 seats together, and apparently, that reservation was shifted. I was 3 or 4. An old crabby lady wouldn't move to help my dad out. I cried. She was mad. Oh fucking well. In situations like this, it's also worth it to weigh the "I paid for my special seat/A boarding group" vs. "I'm going to be stuck next to a bratty kid whose ears hurt with no parental supervision." I'd personally find suffering through an aisle seat preferable to the latter, but if someone doesn't, they chose that choice.
It's not so much the medium, as it is that a lot of conspiracy youtube videos don't use much in the way of actual sources, and due to their format, even if they do have citations in the description, there's a fairly high chance that the viewers aren't going to read them, much less verify them. I've watched a lot of youtube conspiracy videos, and they lean very heavily on "I heard this" and "I feel this" and "someone else said this, no I won't tell you who or when or verify that they know what they're talking about." And for whatever reason, if a video is made in a pseudo-documentary format, a certain subset of people will assume it must be true because it seems to be so. It's not so much that information in videos is automatically wrong, rather, it's that if your only evidence is "some guy on youtube made a video about it," it's more than likely wrong.
Due to the time period, exactly how limited their intellect was is hard to gather. A lot of people pose that due to their disabilities, they may have been excessively worried about being "not allowed" to have the food, or feeling like they were stealing. Regardless, the food is only a defining feature in one of the deaths. Of the men found, only Weihler was definitely alive long enough to starve to death. The other 3 were found outside, dead of hypothermia, which means they may not have ever made it to the cabin in the first place, or if they did, may have left shortly afterwards. Weihler, for his part, was found lying on the bed with his legs badly frostbitten. Even if he'd had the wherewithal to start a fire and get the food, he may have been in pain and unable to walk, or ill will any number of diseases. But his family had described him in particular as having little in the way of "common sense." It should be noted that the prevailing theory is that all 5 men did make it to the cabin, but 3 or 4 left for some reason (look for help, maybe), and that some of the food was in fact eaten. Madruga and Matthias would definitely have known to eat the food and how to get it out (a can opener was needed), but they didn't die in the cabin and probably weren't there when Weihler died. Say that Weihler was sick or hurt somehow, and the other 4 went out to seek help. They don't want Weihler to wander off or get hurt, so assuming they're closer to the road/civilization than they are, someone tucks him in and say "don't go anywhere, we'll be back soon." Someone who was described by their family as needing to ask "should I stop at the stop sign" or "should I leave my bedroom if it's on fire" might very well interpret that literally, as in "do not get out of this bed/leave this room," and not go right outside to get some food.
Planes are not infinitely long. It's within the realm of possibility that OP boarded with the family boarders, and there were no rows of 3 seats empty even in the very back.
I'm aware of where B group is. Family boards immediately before B group, and after A group. If A group is entirely full (keep in mind, it isn't always, you could be lucky and often get on flights where spots A1-15 aren't sold), and she was behind people in wheelchairs, military, and other families, it would be possible for there not to be any entirely empty rows.
I don't think there's any such thing as a "red herring" in real cases. It's pretty disrespectful, and makes real people's lives seem like crime thrillers. A "false lead" would be a much more appropriate turn of phrase to use.
This all went down in Rosemont, a suburb near O'Hare airport, which is known for chain restaurants and boring nightclubs rather than random violence, and is nowhere near neighborhoods or towns that have a high crime rate. Do you have any information on these men's deaths? Because unless they were in a gang, that is rather unusual. Unprovoked, random violence is exceptionally rare, even in places where murder is, in your scaredy alarmist manner of description, "sky high." 3 men that age dying from gun violence in quick succession is exceptionally odd. I don't think it has much to do with her death, but it would paint a very different picture of what kind of party this was than has been portrayed by the media.
I actually meant to type middle, lol.
Since you provided no information aside from "cable news has taught me to be fearful of big bad scary Chicago," unfortunately I can't....
Because red herring describes a literary trope. It isn't just an irreverent description of a real thing, a la "peeping tom." I think a lot of these communities really forget that these are real people's lives, and not Agatha Christie novels, so literary language strikes me as extremely callous.
Absolutely. A man who wanted a forever relationship with me, but not to have that forever relationship made legally relevant, is in one way or another not actually looking for a permanent partnership. Either he's "against weddings" and doesn't understand that marriage =/= wedding, he is trying to prevent his partner from receiving the legal protections of marriage, or both.
What's with your double posting? You know you can put two thoughts into a response, right? Your comment stated that the documentary does not provide any further information, yet your advice is to watch the documentary. How does that make sense? For the record, I will argue with anyone who mindlessly belches out incorrect racist right-wing talking points about my hometown.
I was 11. They kind of hid it from us most of the school day, which I've grown to learn is very much not the norm. I don't think I've encountered anyone else aside from my classmates at the time who was in school that day and essentially lied to (towards the end of the day the higher grades were herded into one room and told vaguely there was a "plane crash," which we obviously didn't give a shit about, because that in no way describes what happened). So I learned the real story from the newspaper 8 hours later. I knew at the time that things were going to change permanently. They did.
I'm not being "ironic." I find it really crass and creepy.
YTA. Six year olds, on average, know what death is even if they don't have a great grasp on what that means. You are setting her up for a very difficult conversation in the future, if she doesn't figure this out herself soon. You're probably setting her up to be mocked by her peers; if someone had rolled into first grade talking about how their dog "de-aged" into a puppy, they'd have been the laughing stock of the class for being so naive (seriously, you not only told a lie, but told this lie? Why not say the dog ran away or moved to a farm if you just can't bear to explain death?). That's if she believes you at all. She's six, not two. Most 6 year olds are aware that things die and dogs don't de-age into puppies. She might honestly be disappointed in you for lying to her and keeping it to herself, or be playing along because she thinks you're ignorant.
When kids find out about Santa, a magical grandpa who gives out presents by sliding through chimneys, they usually take that situation as being "in on the joke," and feel grown up and wise for knowing better than younger kids. The whole narrative is set up to be fun, more of an inside joke than a straight up lie. Saying "the dog didn't die, he turned into a puppy" to avoid a vaguely uncomfortable situation is just a regular old lie. The context is very different.
YTA. Sounds like you are the only one who has a problem with it. Answering the "don't you have work" question with an honest answer isn't bragging. While it sounds like it's possible she's talking about it too much for your tastes (which is something you can absolutely address), the "not everyone lives their life like that" isn't really applicable. She's not telling other people to stay out because "oh, but we all work 35 hours a week and set our own hours, right?" She doesn't seem confused about how others have to work, she seems excited about her own perks. That's not really the most important time for the "check your privilege" lecture.
NTA. You also weren't really snitching. You didn't tattle on him for comments made in social situations, you told when he defaced your property, with something that sounds like it was either harassing to you, or might have gotten you in trouble, or both. There's a huge difference.
NAH. However, if you want to be a bridesmaid, you probably have to wear the dress. You can't just be a groomsman because you want to wear a suit, as that position isn't determined by outfit. They may have already picked out the attendants for the grooms side, or be uncomfortable with the idea of mixed gender attendants for whatever reason. If you don't want to wear a dress, you may have to just accept being a guest.
NTA. That's a very dangerous attitude, more dangerous than simply being wrong or mistaken. The people who need to prove to others or to themselves that they are "helping," rather than finding out how best to help or how best to reduce harm (which is sometimes doing nothing), are people without boundaries and who are more concerned with their own image and feelings than being helpful. Such a person doesn't need to be certified in first aid.
Your friends are assholes for owning a $100 Cuban Communist revolution candle that no one is allowed to light. I'm sorry, I can't come to a judgement on your behavior because I am pretty astounded that such a product is unironically available for purchase.
It does paint a different picture of the party. A room in a Rosemont airport hotel has limited space. There were a limited number of people at this party. They weren't necessarily close friends, but it's fairly unlikely that many of these people were many degrees separated from each other. This is not a situation where there were hundreds of people filtering in and out of a well known event. Despite what you've read in "oh my god the scary blacks and their scary gangs are coming to get you" outrage fear pieces, Chicago's murder rate is not as remarkable as the headlines tell you, and the South Loop is hardly the hotbed of the criminal element in the city anyway. Hotbed of expensive condos, maybe. 4 people in the same social circle dying in that rapid succession, 3 from gun violence, is still very unusual, even in Big Bad Scary Chicago. I grew up in Chicago, my roots are on the south side, and I didn't ever have 4 people close enough in my social circle that I'd invite them to a party all die (much less be murdered) in the span of a few months. If I did a survey of my friends who grew up in much rougher, violent areas, they would probably say the same thing, unless perhaps all 4 had been killed in the same event. It's not remarkable that Zak Stoner, the individual, was murdered, so your ramble about who he was as a person is unnecessary. It is remarkable that 3 men in this social circle, which isn't reported to be involved in any serious criminal enterprise beyond having a party that involved underage drinking and soft drugs, were gunned down in quick succession. And yes, it would be very interesting to know information the other two men who were killed. Because Kenneka Jenkins and Zak Stoner are very different people, and not who I'd expect to end up at what is by definition a relatively small party.
I also find it to be very dismissive of mental illness, and it spreads misinformation and stereotypes. I've very rarely encountered a person suffering from depression who acted like this, much less acted like this to encompass their entire personality spanning life stages. Depression can affect so much of your life, but it doesn't remove and retroactively erase any semblance of a personality.
INFO: Are they advertising as a Kosher deli, or a Jewish deli? I am not Jewish, but I do know that the implication is different. If you're outside of the New York/New Jersey area, that usually means "reminiscent of culturally Jewish New York-style food," rather than Kosher.
Complaining about your own personal problems on your own personal facebook is not an "internet witch hunt." He made a post about his personal life and personal feelings, it wasn't "taking up a righteous cause" for the sake of taking up a cause. Conflating the two just because trans issues are often in the news right now is.....kinda icky.
Yes. I really don't know if OP and his wife are assholes here for how they chose to go about it (kinda depends on what the daughter ended up doing while they were on their trip), but OP's ex is definitely a super mega asshole, and I strongly suspect that she did this on purpose. There's no way that an adult familiar with international travel made this mistake genuinely. If she genuinely thought the expiry date was valid, or was mistaken about the expiration date, she would have shown OP the passport. If she wanted to keep the passport "safe" or something, she would have made a photo copy or taken a picture of it on her phone. I wonder why she did it.
Getting an expedited passport is not always possible, and it's basically never possible in the 2-4 hours between arriving at the airport and leaving on your scheduled flight. It's not like getting a ticket on a different flight or a seat upgrade. You can't just yell at a desk agent and throw some money around to do this. If you feel that OP is the asshole for leaving her/not canceling the whole trip, that's one thing, but the problem is not that he didn't try to get an expedited passport. I have seen people try to get expedited passports several days in advance, and miss the flight they were meant to take because it simply isn't that easy. The first time I traveled internationally, I was on a school trip. The organizer of the trip told us, a full month in advance, that if we had not already applied for a passport, that we should cancel then and there, because even expediting passports at that point is not a guarantee. Expedited passports take 2 to 3 weeks if nothing goes wrong. Expediting a passport in a matter of days (much less hours) is a matter of need; a family vacation where the person with the expired passport is in their home country and has safe legal guardians to watch them is not a need. It can take 3 days for passports to be expedited in life or death situations. If OP was in a place where it was even possible to expedite passports in that span of time (this is not everywhere where they have international travel, by the way), they probably would have said no.
YTA. First of all, those dresses look nothing alike. You can't tell the difference between a big poofy beaded ball gown and a sleek, simple evening dress? I also assume that despite being twins, Eva and Mia are visibly distinct in some way, and will likely have different styling all day (hair, makeup, shoes, flowers, etc). But I don't think that's your problem. If your problem was really "I'm scared a white bridesmaid dress will be confusing," you'd have suggested that your wife not choose white bridesmaid dresses. I think your problem is that your wife is choosing her attendants the way she wants, based on how close she is to them, rather than elevating your family over hers.
Disclaimer: I am not a "professional." What I think the general public fears is that this is novel and unfamiliar. We don't actually *know* that this strain of coronavirus is less dangerous than the flu. We have centuries worth of knowledge about influenza on some level, we have five weeks worth of knowledge on this strain of coronavirus. We have medicines and vaccinations that treat influenza, even though they're not perfect. It's not 1918 any more; we have made huge, huge strides in treating influenza. While the reaction is overblown, this whole cynical "pish posh, it only killed 170 people, what's the big deal" is extremely premature. It's just jumping to the the first to be dismissive and oh-so-over-it, when we don't have all the information yet. There's also the fact that people are extremely misinformed on what "the flu" is. Dying from the flu is comparatively uncommon in modern times, and it seems even less common than it is because uneducated people call every minor illness that happens between October and April "the flu." How often do you hear people claim they have the flu and got over it in a day or two? Or say their kid has the flu, because they're sneezing and have a runny nose? Or describe having the flu as diarrhea or puking? A lot, right? But none of those things are the flu. Uninformed people genuinely do believe that all respiratory infections, bronchitis, strep, gastroenteritis, food poisoning, bad colds, and all kinds of general seasonal "bleh" feelings are "the flu." The flu isn't terrifying to begin with for the reasons stated above, but when you mix in all of these piddling diseases that are (in our modern world anyway) extremely not serious, the flu seems like something very benign to uneducated people. Coronavirus doesn't have a historical tendency to get lumped in with sniffles and upset tummies (even though, interestingly, coronaviruses often cause extremely mild illnesses like colds). On a more scientific note, I've read that this strain of coronavirus does have a somewhat higher death rate than influenza based on our limited knowledge. But again, that knowledge is very, very limited, because you can't compare a disease we have years of records on to one that has existed for 5 weeks, during half of which it was being hidden from public knowledge.
"Increases risk" is one of those phrases, isn't it? How many people do you know who drink at all, from people who only drink a mudslide on their birthday, to hardcore alcoholics? Probably a lot. How many people do you know with mouth and neck cancer? Probably a lot fewer. "Increases risk" doesn't mean "causes definitely in any amount." When you hear that some commonly consumed product "causes cancer," in most cases, that means "the risk is increased X% among heavy users compared to non users." Everyone would be dead otherwise. The majority of people who drink infrequently will never get mouth or throat cancer due to alcohol consumption. The risk is elevated for moderate and especially heavy drinkers but....that is from baseline. If a heavy drinker is 5x more likely than a non drinker to get mouth cancer. That's not super likely. A moderate drinker (which is still described as daily drinking, for reference) is only 2x as likely to get mouth cancer than someone who does not consume alcohol. Someone who drank infrequently, much less someone who only ever swished mouthwash, would be consuming so little alcohol that their risk would be more or the same as someone who never touched alcohol in any way, in any amount. That risk, by the way, is so low that I'm not even sure how to express it.
All the regular stuff, but the employees don't give a fuck. Fun fact: I came up with my username while working at a supermarket due to some real shitty customers. They deserved the attitude.
There are more than a couple I've seen of bald women or children (never an adult man or teenage boy) who, as it turns out, don't have cancer at all. They had alopecia, or even shaved their heads out of choice. Not that it's better to steal pictures of people who actually have cancer, but it just proves that those people don't care. It also kind of associates cancer with being bald. Like wtf? You care so much about cancer but you don't think about the person suffering from pain, fearing they could die, dealing with chemo or radiation which are so taxing on the body....and your whole focus is "hair loss, how sad. :( "
The apparent fallout from this is extremely anxiety inducing for me. When I text someone and they respond either in anger or apologetic because they were too busy to respond that very second. Either "how VERY dare you text me during work?!?!" or "omg I'm so sorry I wasn't ignoring you I was at work don't hate me!" Like, I texted you a Spongebob meme because I thought you'd enjoy it, both of you need to chill. If I was trying to get your attention this very second, I would have called. Texting is for replying at your leisure, with the rate of acceptable response time depending heavily on the context, ranging from a few minutes to a few days.
Reminds me of some of my older relatives. They accuse me of being picky (because when I was a very small child, I wasn't big on red meat or super saucy dishes), yet they react like this to every food that isn't fried chicken, hamburgers, or spaghetti. It's not enough for them not to eat something, it's not enough for them to voice their distaste for something. Oh no. It has to be "dId U kNoW tHaT uR fOoD hAs InGrEdIeNtS iN it?!?!?!?!" Did you know that mushrooms are A FUNGUS?!?! Did you know that sushi is RAW FEEEEEEEEESH?!?! Did you know cheese is MOLD?!?!? Some people are so childish when it comes to food. They're icked out by concepts, regardless of whether a food is actually safe or tasty to eat. Yes Cathy, I know blue cheese has mold in it. No one's died, so maybe you need to rethink your warning!
Ten bucks says these people all turn around and post glurge memes about being kind to others and "back in mah day we respected our elders!" Ten more bucks says at least one of them will look back upon this with pride and think of it as being a "fierce momma/poppa/auntie/uncle bear who'd literally kill for their kids" while ignoring the fact that their sticky kids are eating lead paint chips and sticking forks in outlets.
I feel sorry for her and George, being related to these knuckle draggers.
Most I’ve seen have been, yes.
Yeah they really don’t look similar at all, in ways that I don’t think could be confounded by styling or camera angles.
This is actually exactly why tourists get confused and think they can amble up Camelback mountain or through the Grand Canyon in Capri pants and flip flops, carrying a single purse sized water bottle. They don’t understand dry heat. They associate Arizona with other “hot” tourist destinations, and our natural attractions with the man made tourist attractions in those other places. “It was 82 degrees when we spent the day at Disney World last July and I was just fine.” But not all hot is equal, and just because something is a tourist destination doesn’t mean there’s going to be a water fountain and a Dippin Dots cart there.
Yeah. This conclusion is obvious, but it’s pointless. There are (generalizing) two groups of people involved in these protests engaging in extreme actions: those who don’t care what the popular opinion is, and those who actively want the popular opinion to be negative. BLM, student groups, and community organizers aren’t meeting to discuss how to smash windows, set fires, and steal, then being shocked when those tactics don’t work. These groups in fact specifically instruct those engaging in protests not to do those things. These groups are warning about infiltrators and opportunists and have found ample evidence of both. But it’s more fun for people to say “bUt WhY aRe YoU tEaRiNg Up YoUr OwN nEiGbOrHoOd?” I guess.
If you’re talking about flash mobs of looters, why are you asking about organized protests? Those sound like different things.
I know so many grown people who hate YA because they feel like it’s either “condescending” to a teen’s reading abilities, or for the reasons you outlined here. But like....while a 16 year old should be able to read the classics, they might not find them entertaining or relatable. YA books are for and about teens, and that’s fine. They’re allowed to relate to other kids, not dry old men. As for these people.....of you want to read YA level stuff without the child’s perspective....there are tons of bestsellers that are easy and exciting to read, with adult stakes and protagonists.
I’m the person you’re responding to. Let me make this clearer: why do you switch between “looters” and “protesters” as if the terms are interchangeable?
If it makes you feel better, most “meat eaters” would also say a meat-exclusive diet is unhealthy. And “healthy” is relative. Both a meat only and a fruit only diet would be much less healthy than your standard omnivore, vegetarian, or vegan diet. Frankly, a fruitarian diet is expensive bulimia with extra steps.
You asked why “protesters” scheduled protests at night if the intent wasn’t “looting,” so at least in that context, no, your language is not clear. I asked some questions. Would you mind answering them?
Idk where you live where most people are off work at 4, or where it’s dark at 6 in June, but this alternate universe does explain your viewpoints.
You know, The Help draws a lot of valid criticism, but there’s one line that honestly really redeems it for me. Hilly (Queen Racist) looks at Scooter (White Savior Protagonist) and earnestly says something along the lines of “you should watch out, there are some real racists out there.” It’s an amazingly self aware line for an otherwise meh white savior narrative, and I think about it a lot.
I think it’s cute!
Fine, he can move to China then if he likes it so much.
You mean your ex girlfriend? Anyway, YTA. She may be rich and spoiled, but you’re the one being a brat. You don’t describe anything she’s done wrong, you just go on a ramble of “I” statements. “I worked for everything I have” blah blah blah. Probably not, but even so, what’s that got to do with her new MacBook? And as always, don’t date someone ten years younger than yourself if you don’t want to deal with a younger person. A lot of 23 year olds are partially supported by their parents, even middle and working class people, not just rich ones. That’s the name of the game. Date a 35 year old if you want an established career woman rather than a student.
It’s less about the person taking the photo, and more about which photo media and academic sources choose to use. The Civil Rights movement in regards to Martin Luther King and the hippie movement/Woodstock were happening around the same time. When these things were covered in my history books, the former was *always* shown in black and white, while the latter was predominantly shown in color. That creates a contrast. Two pictures taken in 1968, but one suggests “ancient history” while the other suggests “stuff that happened when my mom was a kid.” Even though a modern black and white photo looks nothing like an “old” photo, people still have that reaction. It makes it look like history, or an art project, not a current event. Again, that’s not necessarily on the photographer.
“Queue” when they mean “cue.” More letters doesn’t mean fancier, more correct, or “the British spelling.” It’s a totally different word with a completely different meaning. “Queue the violins” is complete word salad with no real world meaning.
The first time I saw this it was in reference to the mistake, and I thought “who makes this mistake? Children know the difference!” Then I started seeing it everywhere.
I really hate that. Do people not know that it makes what they’re saying absolutely impossible to read?
Poverty, more likely to work customer facing “essential” service jobs, lack of insurance due to both of those factors and yes, despite your dumb slob opinion, the fact that there is an extremely extensively studied tendency for doctors to not take black people’s injuries or health concerns seriously.
Yes. You might want to do some research on it.
It really doesn’t. That’s an exaggeration built around shitty parenting and misunderstanding of cultural norms. I’ve extremely rarely heard of being pushed to move out at 18, and in every case I’ve heard of where it happened, the parents were clearly abusive. In reality, Americans just expect their kid not to lollygag around in their parents’ house until they’re married. For most Americans, the span of time between “18th birthday” and “married” can be quite significant. People typically expect 18 or 19 year olds to live at their parents’ home, they just don’t expect an unmarried 32 year old to do so.
I haven’t seen anyone bullying her by name, but I see many shrieking that “instead of filming,” bystanders (implying her) should have rushed the police, and that anyone filming must just be looking for 15 minutes. They never, ever consider that the person filming is not a grown man built like a tank. They never consider that the person filming might be a woman, a child, or an elderly or disabled person, or even just a small man. They never consider that the person filming is outnumbered and outarmed. They never consider that had no one been filming and the bystanders had rushed the police, this story would be presented as “pack of violent thugs randomly attack wholesome Minnesota police officers, immediately shot dead by valiant hero cops” on page ten of the local newspaper, then only be trotted out when right-wing rags need to make a point about how animalistic black people are always just randomly attacking whites and Asians “for the color of their skin.” Without being filmed, this probably wouldn’t have even made the rounds on Facebook, and the officers definitely would not have been charged.
People didn’t listen, or blamed me, or otherwise reacted badly, for so long that it became pointless. I was made to feel disruptive or manipulative, even as an extremely tiny child, for simple expressions like crying or laughing loudly. This is also why when I do express feelings, it’s often over the top. Beyond that, sometimes an “expression” isn’t useful. My mother would get frustrated with me as a kid because I didn’t “seem upset” about bad grades (after, of course, I was conditioned not to cry when I was upset about something like bad grades), but realistically, what would it have helped if I’d have cried or “acted upset?” That’s not how you fix bad grades.
Just a reminder to watch when media (especially a clearly biased source like this, but all media) uses excessively vague language to get you riled up. Whoever wrote this misleading article and headline knows exactly what they are doing. “Has died” is a phrase that means nothing aside from that the person in question is no longer living. They’re counting on people using the context of the national news and emotional words like “no ones talking about it” to extrapolate that into anger at anti-brutality protesters, so they start false rumors about protesters killing police en masse. They’re counting on people not to realize that “has died” can mean that the police officer got sick or was in a car crash or even was killed in the line of duty unrelated to the protests. They also cherry picked those 6 officers for a reason. I’m quite sure that if we’re using the excessively vague qualifier of “dying,” more than 6 current or former police officers have passed away for some reason in the last 10 days (much less since January). But they chose 6 officers who were people of color or women on purpose, for further manipulation.
It may be generational or due to school district. In Chicago in the 90s, we learned about it young. Yet I have met a number of people from Arizona and California (where most of the internment camps actually were) who’d never heard of it. Odd.
Have there been any cases of people looting on private property? I doubt she has anything anyone wants to steal anyway, or lives anywhere near a protest. The protesters aren’t going to march from Minneapolis or New York to your shitty cookie cutter house in Bumfuck, Idaho to steal your 6 year old tv and preowned Lexus, Karen.
I read, and was required to report on, The Scarlet Letter 3 times during school. I have never read more than a few pages of the book (I also never saw the movie) and I got an A (heh) every single time. I think that should say something.
The Daria musical was something else.
I should have been more specific. Are any of them targeting homes, rather than businesses?
You’re talking about a time when 6 year old girls were credibly threatened with lynching for the crime of “attending first grade,” and 9 year old girls were literally blown up with with a bomb while praying in church. Emmett Till, 14, was dragged out of his bed at his grandfathers house before being beaten savagely, tied to a weight, and thrown in a river for what has been revealed to be “no reason at all.” I don’t actually know of any children that young who were killed during civil rights marches. They were literally safer being “used as human shields” in the street against riot police than they were in school, church, or their own families’ homes. Their parents knew this, and they knew this; many of the marches and protests in that era (as in today’s) were led by children.
NTA, and take this as a warning: dump the friends who are shaming you. If they were your friends, they would have warned you ahead of time, warned her dad to behave, and most of all, not expected you to sit there and tolerate racial abuse from a grown man, they’re racist. Even if they don’t say those words, they tolerate it from others and encourage it. They don’t respect you as a person.
Your list is good but short. Frankly, none of this would be happening in the US (or many other places) if historically, the British ever thought anyone else’s life mattered.
Said it before, I will say it again, no one is coming to “riot” in your unimportant little rural town. No ones interested in “looting” the Dollar General or gas station. Get over yourselves.
Men in general get so mad when “their” women make it clear that they do not, in fact, own us by virtue of us sharing the same skin color. I’ve seen plenty of white and Asian men cry big baby tears Bc some white or Asian woman they never had a chance with, or never gave a chance to, had a boyfriend or husband of a different race. But it’s fine for men to date a woman of a different race because they’re men and no one owns them.
It seems that conservatives in small towns and certain suburbs are just the most frightened people on earth. I really find that the mentality of “my small town = the whole world” applies. If you only ever meaningfully interact with people like yourself, you are easily convince that “those” people aren’t just people who live somewhere else, they’re ravenous monsters. And if your entire world is a small community, you can easily make the mistake that *everyones* world is the same small community. They think that people in cities, by virtue of doing things differently, are actively opposed to their way of life, and are personally coming to take it from them. They can’t fathom that the people protesting in cities and large towns do not give even the slightest fuck about them. People from Sparta, IL may be surprised to know that the protesters in Chicago and St Louis, and even those in Springfield, Peoria, and Champaign, for the most part do not even know that Sparta exists. They certainly aren’t going there to steal their horses, like some kind of Western B-film from 1945.
“Defund the police” doesn’t mean “no law enforcement of any kind.” There are a lot of different ideas about how to better enforce laws. A popular one (though one I think is a monumentally bad idea) is community policing, similar to neighborhood watch systems. Others would dismantle the current policing system and rebuild it entirely, in a way that creates a formal law enforcement system that is very different from the one that exists. Some do want an essentially police-free state; on small scales this does work (in places it’s been tried, crime fell), but I guess it doesn’t address what happens when serious crimes like murder or child molestation occur. Still more would keep the current system, but would severely cut the budgets for police departments, rerouting the funds to other areas that would prevent or mitigate crime in the first place.
No idea the answer but I will say, through my teen years and my twenties I knew so many people who grew up in demonstratively privileged situations with good, supportive families who would tell lies like this. Their parents were often to blame for letting them become such brats, but never in the ways the kids would claim. Sometimes it was just that they were so spoiled and loved that any instance of hearing “no” from the parent would be construed as abuse. Sometimes it’s to get sympathy and attention from peers. Sometimes it’s to look cool and gain street cred. Sometimes it’s to be a mooch on either money or emotions. I no longer believe people who tell me they grew up poor, because so, so many young adults lie about it. OP could easily be (and probably is) leaving our pertinent information, but even if he’s not, the story is hardly unbelievable.
I don’t. Those examples are fairly era specific, however.
ESH. Yes, technically, you should have asked her, especially since you asked her for a ride. However, people like your girlfriend really never seem to consider how entitled and draining their behavior is. She won’t even take a walk with you, or go to *your* birthday, yet feels entitled to be invited to parties? At a certain point, of you shoot down every invitation, you’re going to stop getting them. People aren’t going to want to make the effort of reaching out to make you feel included if the answer can be guaranteed to be no. That effort can be spent on people who might say yes.
You’d believe incorrectly.
NTA. Not everyone needs every dog, and not everyone needs a dog at all. I feel more and more, dog ownership is being used as an accessory and a virtue signal. I know so many people who cram multiple large, high energy dogs into their tiny apartments while they work or game all day, then go “why do my dogs have anxiety? Why does my dog destroy everything and wail nonstop when I leave?” Or they fancy themselves “rescue parents,” but don’t want to put in the work to keeping a traumatized animal safe and trained, then go “oh sure, Fluffy bit 3 neighborhood kids and keeps mauling the neighbor’s cats because I let him run around off leash, but he’s actually a good dog because I WUV him and he never bites ME!” Or they want a dog for aesthetics (big dog people are the worst. Hands down) and to prove that they’re better than “purse dog people” so they get a husky or a German Shepard or a Rottweiler (or even a wolf hybrid) then want to live in apartments or small townhouses with postage stamp sized yards. I don’t know much about shibes, but all dogs have needs and challenges. Get a dog that matches your lifestyle and abilities!
Do you think these people aren’t? Do you genuinely, truly believe that the movement starts and ends with this gif, nothing else is going on, and that these organizers have declared themselves to have “solved racism?” Do you genuinely think nothing else is happening because it isn’t shown in this 5 second gif? Because if you do, I’ve got big news for you about where your mom goes when she puts her hands in front of her face.
Don’t make it weird. Most grown women, and teenage girls, are already experts at menstruating and don’t need some guy tiptoeing around and condescendingly offering chocolate and hugs once a month. Respond to her needs, just as you should every other day.
Are you genuinely politically sheltered enough to think the only two political viewpoints on earth are “love trump, hate Biden” and “love Biden, hate trump?” Because that’s not “putting words in your mouth,” it’s what you seem to be saying.
Stop trying to see every conversation as a means to an end. People have problems and feel bad about them, that’s just fucking life. Sometimes you have helpful advice, but more often, you don’t. Let people just vent. Not everything has to be fixed right away, or even can be. Not every negative feeling has a magic-wand solution, but sometimes talking about it to someone who isn’t itching to find a “solution” and be the hero is helpful mentally and emotionally. If the venting is frequent enough to be problematic or is problematic in content, re-evaluate your friendship with this person.
I was thinking of The Handmaid’s Tale but I suppose The Giver has some G-rated shades of this too. Dystopian novels love it.
I mean, like I said. That depends on exactly who you ask. It’s kind of disturbingly fatalistic to look at protests led by college kids, artists, and faith leaders that have been going on for a grand total of 8 days, and ask for a comprehensive and concrete legislation list, as well as a vision into the future. That’s actually my problem with *certain* online activists and protesters as well; when they complain that this bad guy was changed with murder 2 instead of murder 1, or when they ask why the mayor of some mid sized city hasn’t fired the whole police department, they’re asking impatient and ridiculous questions. What will be done? Any number of the zillions of things that have been listed. Who will be in charge of the changes? Local, state, and federal politicians, the same people who are in charge of all laws and infrastructure. Make of that what you will. How are we to be assured this will be better? We can’t and it’s ridiculous to assume *any* change can be guaranteed to be better. What we have isn’t working. When something isn’t working, you try something else. Not because you magically looked into the future and know that it’s better, but because it’s insane and pointless to do things you *know* don’t work instead of trying something that *might* work. (Note: this is why the “community policing” idea doesn’t sit well with me. We have actually tried that several times before, and the result is street gangs, the mafia, Lynch mobs, and “neighborhood watchmen” in the vein of George Zimmerman.) How will things be handled in the meantime? That is a question for the politicians and lawmakers. The assumption by thoughtful people, however, is not that they’re going to send every cop in the country packing tomorrow at 5 PM and then start to brainstorm how to start the new system, so that’s not really something to worry about.
It certainly is. It’s not the only one, nor is it the only denomination doing such things.
I don’t think you get why restaurants/food vendors give police and other guest responders free food and discounts. Painting an innocent victim of racist police brutality as a centrist getting his face eaten off because he did what half the restaurants in the country is is kind of bizarre.
Part of it removes the stigma, but part of it turns mental illness into a trend, a bludgeon with which to use against others, and a pissing contest. For every thoughtful internet discussion on mental illness I see, or for every person using humor to cope, I see 10 people excusing someone’s bad behavior because “well they might have depression or anxiety.” Or someone screaming over someone else because their diagnosis is greater than yours. Not to mention the armchair diagnosing, and the fact that while some mental illnesses have been destigmatized to the point of being fashionable, others are still very much stigmatized and used as a flippant way to completely write off human beings. On reddit, it’s cool to have depression and anxiety, but NPD, BPD, and bipolar are just excuses to cut others down (in addition to being *way* overstated and armchair diagnosed. Your mom being a bitch once in a while isn’t indicative that she is “a narcissist” and needs to be involuntarily committed). There’s also a lot of misinformation and old wives’ tales circulated about the “acceptable” diagnoses, too.
I’d bet it’s the same person.
The sex part never bothered me (I assumed that there’s just some weird disconnect in proportions that makes it possible). The lead up though, what? How? As much as Hagrid dismisses his mother, the fact is, she apparently consensually had not only found and slept with a human (Harry doesn’t even meet a full giant until late in the series, and doesn’t seem to know for sure they exist until the 4th book, so it’s not like they’re running around mixing with people socially like goblins do), but stuck around long enough to give birth. Hagrid and his father also seem to have kept in close enough contact with Fridwulfa to know that he has a half brother. Further, the existence of Madame Maxime and Hagrid’s immediate recognition of her background implies that while such relationships are rare, they’re not unheard of, and it’s just accepted (though taboo) that giant-human hybrids happen sometimes. It really calls into question how intelligent giants are, and their social capabilities. They’re sometimes implied to be barely more intelligent than trolls and are compulsively violent, but can also have standing romantic relationships with humans and choose alliances in war.
This is what I did.
Back when I was “applying to college age” I came across a midwestern Bible college’s student code of conduct handbook and read it out of curiosity. At one point it states that if you were a student married to a non student, and your spouse was caught acting in an “unchristian” manner, even if you were not living with them or supportive or even aware of their actions, *you* would be expelled. So if anyone’s wondering what would happen if someone marked that they were married to a divorcee or their spouse was against college, yeah, it’s likely they would not be accepted.
No. Racism as we know it is generally actually not based on skin color. Interethnic tensions happen between people who are physically indistinguishable from each other from an outsider’s view (and frankly, from an insider’s view if you take away the hints). There are white people who feel they are the superior race who are darker skinned than me (mixed black person, and visibly not white), and there are people who are considered fully black who pass completely as white, yet will be deeply offended if you call them white. Racism doesn’t need skin color, skin color just makes racism like 5% easier.
In catholic school we touched upon it only twice. First, in middle school, it was explained that curses like “go to hell” or “damn it” are taking the Lord’s name in vain, as you’re presuming yourself so grand as to invoke God’s wrath against another person or object due to your own puny emotions (“you’re telling God to send your friend to hell for all eternity just because you’re mad!”). Second, in high school, we learned about invoking God in this way, by claiming to know God’s will or applying it to your own motivations. And that’s why it’s above killing, stealing, and coveting on the list of “thou shalt nots”. It’s literally about claiming to know God better than everyone else, claiming your opinions come straight from God, and using God to justify your own bullcrap. Buuuuut thinking about that makes people feel introspective and icky, so let’s just make it about magic swear words.
Every time this comes up on Reddit. EVERY TIME. And people get very weird ideas about food. I haven’t seen it (yet) on this thread, but some gems I’ve seen before: * milk (any percentage) has the nutritional value of a Twinkie and you shouldn’t give it to children ever * carrots have sugar and should be eaten only very sparingly (if you’re a rabbit I guess this is true but rabbits don’t use computers and humans don’t have the same nutritional needs as rabbits) * all fruit, but especially bananas, are evil and basically candy because of the evil suuuuugarrrrr * oranges are bad for you because bell peppers have more vitamin c * but don’t eat bell peppers (or tomatoes or potatoes or onions) because they’re nightshades and will kill you immediately * you should eat spinach rather than lettuce because it’s nutritionally denser * no no wait, don’t eat spinach because kale is actually better, spinach is sooooo bad for you So basically, eat nothing but undressed kale. I think the unhealthy thing is moralizing food and assuming that any consumption of anything must mean extreme consumption of things. Guys, you can eat bananas, oranges, spinach, milk, salad dressing, potatoes, hell, even bread and sweetened yogurt, even every single day, and still be totally healthy, as long as you exercise self control. If you don’t gorge yourself and balance it out, you can honestly get away with eating junk fairly regularly and still lead a healthy life. There is no single superfood out there. Searching for one is less healthy than eating a bowl of captain crunch every once in a while.
The question is, how does the presence of salad dressing negate the benefits of vegetables? And as you said....it doesn’t, unless you take the *dangerously* unhealthy attitude that the only thing relevant to health is calorie count.
If voting is pointless, how come they ain’t want us to do it? Hmmm.
Ok but. Humans aren’t bunnies. What is true for a rabbit’s diet isn’t true for a human’s. I’m not talking about whether carrots are healthy for bunnies. I’m talking about the dum-dums who heard “carrots aren’t good for rabbits because they have too much sugar FOR RABBITS” and extrapolated that to “carrots are basically candy and humans shouldn’t eat them.”
Depends. Are they wearing visible glamour makeup, or stage makeup? Cuz sorry, but there is zero chance that anyone of any age or gender is getting in front of a camera to film without makeup. She wouldn’t look like a woman wearing no makeup, she’d look like a bizarre corpse. Even when someone is supposed to look ill on screen, they’re using makeup to create that effect, because “no makeup” on screen simply isn’t an option.
NTA. Even if you have the training, it’s not your job to jump in and play hero to prove what a swell dude you are. Especially since no one was in danger, and you may have had to break the law to “do something” by your neighbor’s standards.
Don’t quote me, but I’ve read that a lot of the studies on the negative effects of coffee from the 20th century didn’t take into account that most coffee drinkers were also smokers. (Because for much of the 20th century, most adults were smokers. Adults who didn’t smoke at that time often abstained from almost anything that could be called a vice.)
No ones ever given me a solid reason why caffeine addiction from normal amounts of coffee or tea is so bad for you, beyond “but it’s an addiction.” So what’s so harmful about it, beyond “Miss Teacher in third grade, who drinks 3 sweet teas a day, told me coffee is a drug?”
That’s certainly fair, though being cranky and getting headaches for a few days if you withdraw aren’t really the kind of health risks that come with other chemical dependencies.
Idk, I think this is controversial.
You really might be on to something. In the US, I hear this about almost every objectively healthy food that’s cheap too, aside from maybe cucumbers. Carrots, potatoes, apples, bananas, oranges, lettuce, tomatoes, bell peppers.....all cheap and accessible (and most actually keep well, aside from bananas and tomatoes), yet someone’s always moaning about how ackshually, those things are basically candy, and we should be eating exclusively kale and arugula, with a single organic blueberry for dessert. In the US, we have a food desert problem. Poor people are shamed for not eating fresh fruits and vegetables. This attitude means that once poor people do get their hands on fresh fruits and vegetables, they’re shamed for that too. People who do this may not do it consciously but I think secretly, they want to feel superior not only for their diets but for their wealth.
So the problem with it is, in fact, “it’s an addiction?”
Your feelings are totally valid. I mean, on the one hand, you are still a kid. A lot of growth happens in teen/young adult years, and some of those kids probably have only recently been able to escape their parents’ influence or the desire to be “the edgy kid.” And that’s great for them, but You don’t need to congratulate them, though, or use yourself to prop up their growth. If it’s genuine change, that won’t matter to them anyway. Protect yourself. On the other hand, I’m 30. Wayyyyy past the age where people are still repeating what their parents say and trying to be the edgy shocking kid. And a lot of my peers I know were active racists 6 months ago are all up on social media saying “black lives matter, a bloo bloo bloo, my heart aches for this cause.” And fuck that. Sure, people can change, but you’re right. It shouldn’t take a death to change them. Most of them haven’t changed, they’re hopping on the bandwagon to make sure no one calls them out on their socials. For everyone who has bettered themselves, I feel like there’s 2 treating this as a trend and a fashion statement. I’m not bothering to call them out but I’ve talked to mutual friends and yeah, everyone can see their hypocrisy.
Him: fight me Also him: (mad that he is fought) Also, while Nazis are still a threat in general, I’m a little concerned that he seems to think Adolf Hitler, who is dead, specifically can “smite” people with a new holocaust. I knew Nazis could get a little kooky with the supernatural but uuuuuh?
I had a coworker like this back in the day. I could write a book about her and her husband filled with terrible and unsurprising anecdotes, but the best thing is....they were not married, nor even knew each other, while he was serving. She was big dramatic about the sacrifices she had to make as a military wife, but she has never experienced *being* a military wife.
You can’t pamper everyone who has brat baby eating habits. Vegetarianism (though not veganism, I guess) is very easy to work around. I’ve never been to a wedding where a vegetarian couldn’t manage, including weddings that had only meat based main dishes. But it’s a wedding, not a full service restaurant. It’s a very extreme request to make sure everyone’s pickiness is catered to at a wedding. Grown ups deal with it. As for ARFID.....that gets chucked around a lot in these threads without any evidence beyond “this person eats like a squalling toddler.” If it is true, well.....it’s still not a valid reason to turn the wedding upside down. People don’t cancel or upend their wedding dinners to cater to people with other eating disorders. Why does a vegetarian need to present loaded baked potatoes and tendies to someone who “doesn’t do vegetables?”
There’s a lot of context here that a savvy person will pick up on that differentiates it from an actual black person saying “I’m sick of white people.”
You hush with this nuanced and educated thinking.
Yes. But even if it’s true (and frequently it is), that’s not really an excuse. There aren’t really other situations where people can do horrible things, blame mental illness, and just...get away with it. When someone beats or emotionally abuses their children or significant other while being mentally ill, no one lets them off the hook. When someone steals or vandalizes due to being mentally ill, they get arrested. If mental illness goes unchecked and the person suffering acts in a way that harms or disrupts others, they don’t get a pass. Only when people of color are the victims are they expected to silently say “ohhhhhh this lady/dude might not be well, the poor dear, I’ll just sit here and accept these vicious, hateful, damaging words and the extremely real threat of violence because this person might be suffering.” Fuck that.
That’s.....honestly disappointing even for FOX. Despite the bias, propaganda, and occasional straight up lies, FOX has always struck me as fairly professional. Professional liars and propagandists, but professional. Those images don’t look FOX News level. They’re honestly not even Breitbart or New York Post level. They look like those “satire” news articles that recirculate the same 15 or so “funny mugshots” over absurd news headlines that your racist aunt always shares thinking they’re true. “Florida Woman Smuggles 8 Gallons Of Mayonnaise Out Of Wal Mart In Her Vagina” “Wisconsin Man Frees Animals From Zoo, Gets Gators High On Meth,” or whatever. Those images are on the level of a 13 year old making “where’s Lightfoot” memes on his phone. They’re bad enough that it’s funny, or it would be, if idiots weren’t going to believe them.
I suppose you’re right. Think it’s possible it’s also generational? I feel like people over about 40 didn’t grow up immersed in the internet, and are less likely to notice bad photoshop, or be on the lookout for manipulated images, while younger folks have been hearing “it’s shopped” in regards to shocking images most of their lives.
I’ve seen a lot of people try to sell their stuff for significantly more than new store prices, and be furious when offered less. Example: someone trying to sell a couple seasons old, in decent shape but clearly worn dress for over $100, when brand new dresses from the brand in question top out around $85.
I don’t know about Alabama in particular, but honestly, I seriously doubt this was the last one. It’s really still going on today.
To OPs credit, I imagine this is probably the last one that was widely publicized as a lynching. Since then, I’d bet that media would describe similar crimes as simple “murders,” or ignored them all together. I bet a lot of research could go into why we essentially stopped using the term “lynching” in 1968, when such crimes absolutely did not stop then.
The weird thing is? I’ve studied these topics fairly deeply. While in academia, “modern law enforcement killings have a lot in common with lynching” is considered pretty 101 level stuff, the tendency to cap lynching numbers at 1968 and declare it a problem of days gone by was *never* challenged in even the highest level classes I took. Maybe it is now, but I wasn’t in class all that long ago. It’s essentially accepted that with the exception of a very small handful of cases, lynching just stopped in 1968. I could argue that it simply stopped being considered a family-friendly spectator sport.....though that frankly was not common for lynchings in the 50s anc 60s either. The iconic method of hanging fell out of fashion, but hanging was never required to be considered a lynching, it’s just more sadistic and intimidating imagery than saying “I’m going to shoot you with a gun or beat you with a club.” The oddest thing is, while lynching is mostly associated with race-related killings, that’s not really a requirement, and especially in the west, didn’t always make up the majority of lynchings. The date of 1968 is even odder because along with the case OP mentioned, there are a couple of cases unambiguously labeled lynchings into the 80s. Not many, but enough to be statistically relevant, considering that officially, several years between 1945 and 1968 had between zero and one lynching (note that I don’t believe these numbers are accurate, they’re just what’s officially reported).
Yes I have. Despite what old timey court dramas have told you, though, that is not a common defense and it absolutely doesn’t apply to the vast majority of cases where the criminal happens to be mentally ill. Legal insanity has very little to do with the medical diagnosis of mental illness. It doesn’t necessarily mean that the person gets to walk scot free. It can’t even be invoked at all in certain states, and it sure as hell doesn’t apply outside of a courtroom. No one is sentencing this woman to jail time. This is a reddit comment section, not a jury.
I mean.....the numbers do not like. It is exceptionally rare to use the insanity plea at all, and even more rare to use it successfully. It doesn’t apply to anyone who could theoretically be diagnosed with a mental illness, or the jails would be empty. You knowing of a few instances where it worked doesn’t mean it applies broadly, it means it exists. You also blow right past the most important aspect: this is not a courtroom. What applies in a courtroom doesn’t apply to the court of public opinion. Just because the insanity plea exists and her family is too lazy to get her help doesn’t mean that Asian people minding their business in the part are obliged to be the punching bag for this hideous bitch.
You need to learn to read. It’s kindergarten level stuff to understand that “rare” doesn’t mean “nonexistent.”
You are really intentionally muddling two very different situations to justify disgusting trash using their diagnosis to commit bigoted crimes against others.
People are worked up and offended because she’s harassing a human being in person, and showing herself to be angry, bigoted, and unstable. This isn’t “tee hee she posted a racist meme on Facebook,” she is presenting herself as a very likely physical threat to another person. It’s honestly extremely heartless, ignorant, and callous of you to look at that as just people being “offended.” *The people who she is harassing are fully mortal human beings.* People like her should not be written off as crazy people screaming at the sky. Whether motivated by mental illness or not, aggressive racists hurt and kill people all the time.
This seems to be an ongoing trend, assuming any multiracial group of youngish people are “antifa terrorists,” regardless of what they’re doing. I see a lot of people moving more and more to downplay the racial aspect of what’s going on in the world, focusing more on broad political issues. This is a mistake.
Very doubtful based on what? You really have to be a stone cold racist moron to think that your mumble-mouthed regurgitation of contextless twitter-gained “facts” about who is “less likely” to be violent really has any bearing. If someone is getting in someone else’s face screaming attacks, it’s a direct threat and yes, there is an inherent threat of violence. Their diagnosis is not a factor. There are immediately recent videos of white women *actually committing battery or making explicit threats against people of color*, and most of them have been defended with “a bloo bloo blooooooo the poor dear is not well/has anxiety/etc.” People of color are not the punching bags of white people who are anxious and unwell, and the garbage tendency of people like yourself to excuse this dangerous and abusive behavior is not being the champion of the mental ill. You are actively facilitating mental health trouble within communities of color when you slob about regurgitating uneducated, hateful garbage like you have right here.
This looks like the fraternity on campus that never drugged girls, but girls still didn’t go to their parties. The one formed because the guys who were in the “reject fraternity” still wouldn’t let these chuckefucks pledge.
The top one is definitely an American strip. I can’t remember the name because I found that smug, exasperated guy in the glasses sooooo boring, but it’s run in a lot of American papers for years. Whatever it is was peak boomer humor even 20 years ago. Edit: the first comic is The Duplex. It’s really awful.
I was a cashier at a grocery store, and I don’t think most people, including many Europeans who are used to it, realize how shitty they are at packing grocery bags. People with reusable bags tended to be the only people who were even in the same ballpark as “competent.” This is exclusively because reusable bags are big and sturdy. European tourists would follow them; they’d put up a smug snit about packing their own things into a knapsack, say something wildly condescending, then be extremely put out the 100% of the time it didn’t all fit. Then there are locals who try to bag their own in plastic. They’d either be so aggressively persnickety that they’d walk out with a single item per bag because they’re terrified that the bag boy would crush their eggs, or so sloppy that they’re the ones slamming 10 cans of soup on top of the eggs. Watching a customer try to pack their own paper bag is like watching a train crash. They think paper bags are magic so they overpack them, they are always garbage at figuring out how to double bag which means they leave a wake of destroyed paper bags on the ground around them, they try to put the paper bags *in* the plastic bags (hint: they don’t fit), they ignore any advice the person behind the register gives them, they’re always slow as fuck and lollygagging around while the next customer is trying to be helped, and they think the handles on paper bags work (they don’t). So they make a giant mess and scene to play at some paternalistic “I would never make you do your job, aren’t I a kindly savior to the working class tee hee” comment, then they bumble away and immediately smash their groceries on the pavement in the parking lot because they won’t listen. Bagging groceries, believe it or not, is a skill. It’s a simple one, but obviously not simple enough than the average person can do it with competence. Cashiers and baggers are actually trained to do it in a way that uses the least resources possible, while not straining the bags and destroying your groceries. The exception is at WalMart, where I think no training at all happens, but unfortunately, those registers are set up so that it’s impossible for the customer to bag their own (actually a lot of places are set up like this. It’s actually a safety and security thing. Neither the cashier nor their employer wants your strange, grubby self behind the register).
I never said “mentally ill people are more likely to be violent.” I said “people who are getting in someone’s face, screaming, and using bigoted language directed at someone specific are likely to be violent whether or not they are mentally ill.” You are being manipulative and using a ditzy blurb you read on the internet to make yourself seem like some champion of the mentally ill, when you do not have the education of contextual knowledge to understand what you are talking about. Which is hilarious because you use degrading language to describe people with mental illness all over the place here. You don’t give half a fuck about mentally ill people. You don’t have empathy for them. You just are made uncomfortable by the situation, and have internalized the idea that people of color are wrong for not wanting to be attacked and harassed for existing g.
It didn’t matter because no one was trying to stop them, and the police weren’t gassing or clubbing them. There’s also the fact that many of those protesters were heavily armed and expressing directly violent rhetoric. The unarmed/minimally armed protesters largely only got criticism towards their cause and who they were. “You are a moron,” while not very nice, is not a suggestion that people should be criminalized for standing around protesting something stupid. There is a lot more question as to whether you should be allowed to storm into the capital building with several guns and rocket launchers while threatening to hang the governor of Michigan, but that’s because it crosses the line into a direct threat, which isn’t covered by the first amendment. The attitude towards the peaceful BLM and anti police brutality protests are very different. People who don’t like what they have to say aren’t brushing them off as “people who disagree with me,” or even “morons.” Not just protesters, but impartial members of the press, are being attacked by police and called enemies of the state by very powerful people. That should fucking *terrify* you.
You made a lot of assumptions about how much more you know about being harassed in public, while hand waving public racial harassment. You also just keep shitting out racist, manipulative, alt-right style bad faith statements statements. Why should I consider your cunty racist opinions worth debate?
It sure is the time. “Black lives matter” includes all black people, not just cis black men. The unrest right now also really isn’t about police brutality in particular, that aspect just got pushed to the forefront because of a) the video of George Floyd’s death, and b) the police responding to that with extra police brutality. I don’t think the situation would have been the same without Ahmaud Arbery (‘member him?), who was not killed in an act of police brutality. The BLM movement would be very different if not for Trayvon Martin, who was not killed in an act of police brutality. Civilian murder of black people is a large part of BLM, which means that yeah, the murders of these trans women fucking count.
I’ve met a few of these guys, all cis white gay men, most of whom have had issues with misogyny or transphobia. So I guess the “cis white man” stuff is tricking them into thinking the leopards will overlook the gay? The fact that Milo Yiannopolis (who cannot vote) was trotted out all 2016 (then dumped unceremoniously for reasons I can’t recall) may have given a few LGBT people this false sense of security, I suppose. Trump also kind of made like, one statement about how much he loves gay people, and I guess stupid people who don’t know that lies exist may have fallen for that. I also think, kind of in line with Yiannopolis as a manipulation tactic from the election, a lot of people online claiming to be LGBT hardcore Trumpers aren’t real. This is pure speculation, but as a black person, a *lot* of the people claiming to be black right wingers and black hard-lefties on twitter, tumblr, and reddit are fake. It’s easy to spot if you’re know what to look for, and almost impossible to prove. We know for a fact it happens though, so I assume the same is happening for LGBT people. Some mystery person on social media follows a bunch of gay and trans people, says all the “right” stuff for a while, then slowly slips in backwards shit that *sounds right*. Especially to young people who get worked up about everything, it can really manipulate people to actively support things against their best interest.
I hope she’s been extensively interviewed. I have had a few relatives get pretty close to this advanced age while keeping their mental faculties. Even if they lead a totally mundane life, just hearing their stories is *fascinating*.
Lol. Well, I was suggesting more of “Russian bots” (though I don’t think they’re mostly Russian or technically bots, because the English conversation skills are usually too good). But one of my big tells for assuming a social media profile is fake when claiming to be a young gay/trans/black/feminist person is outdated or inappropriate slang. So a 60 year old shock professor running a few sockpuppets on reddit claiming to be a 22 year old gay man who just really hates trans people and feminists really wouldn’t be too out there.
My White friends and my direct coworkers are great (those in most other departments.....no), they’re mostly people I am have these conversations with, but the Corporate Mandated Race Talk is coming and I wish it wasn’t. I wish my company was burying its head in the sand because the last time they tried, it was a complete fiasco that has still not been addressed. Do they *ever* even *try* to get people of color and LGBT people in on the planning stages of these things?
YTA. I would say ESH because your boyfriend is also TA big time, but your daughter is not, aside from the fact that 13 year olds don’t have good control of their emotions yet. You and your boyfriend’s relationship seems really alarming, honestly, and he seems spectacularly immature for 22 (though for the record, you’re going to get some level of immaturity from a 22 year old in general when you’re 31). No wonder your kid is so stressed.
This is one of the few OTT stories that really rings true. If OP is lying, she’s telling a believable lie. I’ve seen so many families like this, where the parent is more preoccupied with their newest romance than their kid, and becomes almost hostile as the kid approaches teen/preteen years, and the boyfriend/girlfriend is someone who shouldn’t be around at all.
It’s so wild to me. I went to catholic schools and the term “social justice” was part of the mission statement. It’s a pretty major theme in the parts of the Bible that feature, you know, Jesus Christ.
Because that’s the kindergarten story (and it’s fine for five year olds, don’t get me wrong), and kindergarten is when a lot of Americans feel that it’s time to stop learning. Either schools refuse to teach more comprehensive information because they don’t want to upset white children/it’s “controversial,” or they do teach a bit more and the kids don’t listen and the parents dismiss it as “liberal propaganda brainwashing.” It’s why grown people think racism is chalked up to slavery and being called rude names; that’s the only way to explain it to a five year old via coloring sheets, so that’s the only way many people ever learn. The dogged anti intellectualism that infests both the right *and* the left contributes to this as well. When they cut every program but math and reading and pooh-pooh higher education because “not everyone needs to read shakespeare and do quantum physics, what if they go into the trades,” they’re also saying, if unintentionally, “I don’t think the average American tradesperson should be educated in the subjects that make them a decent citizen of this country and the planet. I am fine having a voting populace of slack jawed bigots if it justifies how bitter I am about trigonometry class.”
In context, white people would call black servants or community members “aunt” or “uncle” once they got old enough that it made no sense to call them “girl” or “boy,” which would be well into middle age. This is not the same type of honorific as a child or young adult calling an adult who is close to them but not the sibling of a parent or grandparent “aunt” or “uncle.” It was an avoidance of referring to a black person with the usual courtesy they’d use for another white adult, who you’d refer to as Mr./Mrs/Ms, or sir/ma’am. Black People (the type of black people those white southerners would want to associate with, anyway) were treated as either perpetual children or venerable servants. There was no room for them to be spoken to as equals, or even second class adults. I’m black and I have referred to *close* older adults (black and white) as aunt or uncle. But these are people who are distant cousins, or my parents close friends, who literally take on the role that you’d expect of an aunt or uncle. I’d also not refer to these people as aunt or uncle now, as I’m old enough to get on “first name” footing with them, and you’d never, *ever* refer to someone younger than yourself as aunt or uncle. There’s the difference. When white southern people of old would use these terms, they would be adults themselves, not children using terms of respect, and would in fact often refer to a black person chronologically younger than themselves as “Aunt This” or “Uncle That.” There we’re also usually outside of the context of a very close relationship, but within the context that they’d call a white person in the same situation as Mr or Mrs Whatever, or at the very least, simply by their first name. White servants existed, and were not referred to as aunt or uncle by their adult employers.
I mean.....yes, thinking of these strange, unrelated black people as your caretakers is kind of the whole basis of the mammy and uncle top stereotypes, that these characters were based on. I know it’s considered cutesy today, as it was then, to think of random unrelated black people as your simpering caretakers, but it’s actually got an extremely deeply disgusting history.
Then again, it could be a decent criticism of the school system. Just not in the way the “why didn’t they teach us taxes” kids think. Because yeah, in school, they taught you how to do arithmetic, read, and ask for help if you get confused, which is all taxes are. But a lot of schools, crippled by “teaching the test,” may have abandoned the subjects that teach them how to use math and reading skills constructively, like science and social studies. So you have these grown people that never learned how to extrapolate, seething on the Internet because they only learned how to do math during a math test, they don’t know how to apply the same math to a tax form.
Yeah. I’ve gained weight recently so I’m in the “normal” range of BMI and honestly.....it’s fucking easier. It’s *so much fucking easier* to be “average” weight. It’s so much easier to be in the size 4 - 12 range. Being skinny sucked. I’m still on the smaller side, but people make rude comments way less. It’s easier to buy clothes; people always made dipshit suggestions like “buy children’s clothes” (they don’t make children’s clothes for 5’4” adult women with breasts, and there’s also generally a fairly significant gap between a girl’s 14 and a women’s 0 or 2. Juniors sizes can be an option, but so many inexpensive juniors brands focus exclusively on super trendy party and festival clothes meant to be worn only a few times) or “this wildly expensive brand makes tiny sizes, buy from them” (when my budget for pants is $40 bucks, buying Joe’s or Lululemon is not an option). People also don’t realize how vicious and damaging the eating disorder accusations can be. People treat eating disorders as if they’re pitiable, but only if a heavy woman develops them. When a thin woman has an eating disorder, it’s treated as a character flaw, or worse, somehow her attacking others by being sick. And the comments can absolutely be dangerous and triggering. For me it wasn’t so bad, just insulting, because I have never had an eating disorder. But I have seen a teenage girl who’d recently been let out of inpatient treatment reduced to tears and put in serious danger of relapse due to comments people flippantly made about her being anorexic.
What is with the neon lime?
I mean, the Bible is *huge*, and parts of it are actually fascinating. Despite the typical anti-religious narrative of it being a book full of illogical rules and bigoted contradictions, it really is an absolutely stunning work of literature and culture. People much wiser and more educated than any Duggar dedicate their lives to studying it not only as a religious guide, but as a cultural artifact. However, that level of study also requires knowledge of history, literature, and culture outside of the information provided in the Bible. From what I gather, most fundies really don’t have that(which does them a disservice even if they’re reading exclusively for spiritual guidance), so they mostly gather the stereotypical and frankly, barely Biblical, lessons like “no gay,” “no showing your ta-tas,” “worship god.” A lot of their conclusions are based on modern preachers, not the book itself.
The newer character designs that were rolled out in, what, the late 80s? Not particularly, outside of context (which is a profoundly stupid way to interpret information, but I suppose it’s normal for children under the age of 7). The original characters, as they were intended to be and were continuously portrayed through the majority of the 20th century, well after polite society had generally moved away from such caricatures? Yes, *and they were intended to be that way.*
Yeah. Less “awww,” more “cool!” Disabled or not, he’s an adult, and doing a pretty great job at something he’s clearly put a lot of work in at and has a talent for, not a toddler bopping around. What is with the influx of “look at this disabled adult/teen doing a normal thing, let’s coo at them as if they’re babies” on this sub? It’s a neat video and I’m glad I saw it, but “aww?” No.
Uhhhhhh isn’t George Soros Jewish?
I send a lot of emails daily. Sure I type them out all nice and polite, using my big girl words. But 90% of them would look like this if I actually expressed myself.
Those 4 fictional cartoons, 3 of which who never speak nor move, are the only 4 people of color in pop culture?
I have never met anyone who posted these sorts of memes than wasn’t a routine criminal of some sort, whether or not they got caught. DUIs and drugs of course being the most common, but domestic violence and habitual theft are also in that basket. And believe me, when they do get caught, it’s all kinds of “fuck the police,” denial of responsibility, and resistance to arrest.
Anti black racism and white supremacist viewpoints can manifest in people of any race. Also, Latino isn’t a race, it’s an ethnic group (they aren’t the same thing). While he clearly has significant indigenous heritage, he may well identify as white due to his father (white, and a judge, which is probably pertinent) and parts of his mother’s background (probably a mix of white Spanish and indigenous Peruvian, but I don’t know her personally). Many Latino and Middle Eastern people are considered white for census purposes, and presume that makes them white from a social standpoint. They’re usually wrong, but anti black racism runs deep enough that plenty seem to be granted conditional honorary whiteness if they’re crappy enough to black people. The people who worship him likely don’t know the difference between Mexico and Peru and hate anyone who comes from either place, but hate black people so much more that they’d venerate a brown Peruvian for proving that it’s open season on black children. There’s also the fact that “white” is not defined the same everywhere. Many brown skinned Latino people consider themselves white because in their country of origin, that is how whiteness works. The exact opposite of how it does in the US (where one drop of anything else makes you not white). In the US, I’m visibly brown and have one black parent, so I’m black. In much of Latin America, I would not be considered black, nor would my mother, who has 2 black parents. “White” and “black” can be very subjective terms.
We don’t. But life goes on.
His mother is Peruvian, his father is white.
Literal barriers don’t stop people, a chain would probably barely slow them down. The store chain I used to work at would lock some of the doors after 8 PM for security’s sake, and leave other doors open, like literally propped open with light pouring out and inviting displays visible from the parking lot. In addition to several large and colorful signs directing them to the opened doors, we’d literally barricade the locked doors with rows of shopping carts. People would ignore the sign telling them this door is locked, the sign with a giant arrow pointing to the open door, somehow climb past or over the barricade, then flail against the lock door screaming to let them in. Interestingly, they never missed the teeny weeny sign saying we closed at 10.
By whose standards? On the one hand, he certainly has brown skin. On the other, he has a white parent, and has gotten away with murdering a black child, so he’s clearly been adopted into honorary whiteness. He sure thinks he’s white, and the confederate flag waving goobers haven’t told him otherwise. For reference, his crimes don’t stop at murder and general assclownery. His rap sheet is extensive, yet he’s never experienced a serious consequence. He’s even been accused of battering his ex wife, who is a white woman. That’s significant. White supremacists value the “sanctity” of white female purity over almost anything else, aside from white male dominance. White supremacists have truly welcomed him with open arms if they’re going to let him beat on white women.
I gave you an explanation, and a fairly detailed one. Your inability to understand really is a reflection on your lack of education and nothing else. If you’d like to go inform George Zimmerman and his white supremacist buddies that he is, in fact, Latino (a detail I am 100% sure has not escaped any of them), please be my guest. I’m sure it will be transformative.
Ideally, you don’t. Realistically, get frustrated until they think they’ve won.
They are stupid. That really is all there is to it. They are uneducated and unintelligent people, and probably have a lot of white friends (who themselves are uneducated and unintelligent) who are into that whole performative “yeehaw” “Southern culture” thing where they’d be shunned as outcasts I’d they expressed any opinion or interests other than “the south rewlz,” hunting, fishing, muddin,’ and feeling superior to “coastal liberals.” ($20 bucks also says they live in a middle class suburb.)
Yes. It was hardly an obscure topic beforehand, and it has been more frequently discussed in recent years as the last survivors die and we come upon the 100th anniversary. Anyone who’s ever taken a class on black American history, no matter how elementary, is aware of it, and it was in some of my history books in high school (just a blurb, but it was there). There have been films and history TV shows about it, plenty of books, radio specials, it’s been a fairly constant “TIL” for as long as I’ve been on reddit.... While it’s not the number one most discussed moment in US history, it’s seriously not a secret. I guess not “household knowledge” in the same way that the Civil War is household knowledge, but it’s no more obscure than anything else that’s unknown by people who don’t think about history. Yes, there’s a lot of avoidance of the topic, but I wouldn’t even call what happened a cover up. It was just ignored by the people who benefited from ignoring it. My concern is not that without Watchmen, the people who “yuk”ed taking a black history class or consuming media that taught it wouldn’t have heard about this specific event. I’m actually concerned that the current “moment in the sun” this event is having is convincing people that this was a terrible, but singular, event that’s being hidden from them. It really wasn’t hidden at the time. It’s just that at the time, this sort of thing was *so fucking common* that the only reason it really stands out is the higher than average body count (which I suppose is really only true because Tulsa is a fairly large city, and at the time, had a relatively large population of black people, especially black people with money). This type of thing was exceedingly common between the end of the Civil War and maybe the 1940s-ish (to be generous). Forsyth County, GA, for example, was still essentially keeping black people out under threat of death into the 90s after either killing or expelling every single black resident in 1912. The town my grandfather grew up in only existed because shortly before his birth, again, all the black people in the adjacent town were forced out.
The Black Panthers is defunct. Is someone claiming to be the Black Panthers, or is this just trickle-down information from someone who thinks every black person who legally owns a firearm is “the Black Panthers?”
So there’s this rumor floating around Arizona that it’s illegal to wear a mask and carry a gun within the state (sometimes they specify concealed carry, sometimes not). Right now, while the state doesn’t have mandatory mask laws, the cities and towns you’re most likely to be in do require masks, and businesses are tending towards requiring them as policy. I cannot speak for other states, but I really have to emphasize that *this is not true*. It’s illegal to conceal your identity while using a gun to commit a crime (which is pretty redundant because committing crimes, and using guns to commit crimes, is already illegal, but oh well). But it’s riling up a lot of stupider gun nuts who think that they’ll either get away with not wearing a mask because they have a gun, or that it’s a conspiracy to take their guns, and they’re spreading this idea that they should reject the laws and business policies. If you hear someone spreading this idea, tell them they are wrong.
I mean. Yeah, this is typical. This is an extreme example, because this person used this mindset for extreme state sponsored violence, and is self aware enough to express that he did not see them as people. But this is *very* typical of racist thinking. It’s why lynch mobs could bring their kids out, packed lunch and all, to watch another person be brutally murdered. It’s why those people’s grandchildren will sit up to this day and say “but grandpappy was such a kind and loving man, despite that.” It’s how people can behave in a racist manner, whether violent or just irritating, then sit in front of a camera weeping that *their* life has been ruined when they experience consequences. Most racists, including many who think of themselves as pretty effing woke, do not think of people of other races as just other humans who they inexplicably hate. That wouldn’t make any sense. They literally don’t think of them as human beings with real lives. To say they think of them as “subhuman” is usually inaccurate to. They think of dogs and cats as subhuman, but most of them would never intentionally cause harm to a dog or cat, or breed resentment against one, or think poorly of one. These people think of other races as literally something less than animal. It’s so evident too, yet everyone is surprised when it culminated in this kind of behavior. Or when their loved one who was always nice to people of their race is vicious to someone of a different one.
I am friends with a lot of white and Latina women who simultaneously are aghast at me for not “doing something” (specifically, protesting in a public way) and are also constantly taking mental health days themselves for one reason or another, and are just oh so exhausted with fighting anti blackness. They never actually stop, I give them that, but it’s so frustrating that because I’m not spending 172% of my time at a rally with my fist up, holding signs and spray painting confederate statues and posing for pictures, I’m “not doing anything” in the views of non black people. What I’m doing is *being black.* Which frankly, is entirely enough. It’s not my responsibility to fix racism, it’s society’s responsibility to stop being racist towards me. I also actually do use the privileges and energy I do have to do plenty. It’s just that most of what I do isn’t cute for the ‘gram. Which is fine with me. It really just sucks that black women (black men too, but extra especially black women), even in the fight for black lives are still seen as not doing enough until we carry everyone on our backs over the anti racism finish line. “Black lives matter,” until it’s the literal black life in front of you, I guess.
Like POC, I think the term has its uses. But it also lumps everyone who isn’t Anglo-Christian together, erases all of us, encourages anti black (as well as anti Asian and anti native) attitudes, encourages tokenization, and encourages obfuscation. I really, really prefer specific language to be used when it comes to racism, transphobia, and homophobia as much as possible, because huge umbrella terms like “minority,” “poc,” “lgbtq+,” etc still allows for the most privileged of those groups to scream over the less privileged. I interact with a lot of forums that purport to be anti racist, pro LGBTQ+, intersectional feminist safe spaces. And true, there are very few straight white men in those spaces. But the dominant voices are pretty much all straight or bi white or white-passing cis women. If you are not one of them or constantly in lock step with them they *will* shout you down and use extremely vague terms to oppression Olympics over you. I have seen people claim some truly obscure and definitely white backgrounds to call themselves “people of color,” usually to demand that black Americans sit down and shut up and “check your privilege.” It also allows powerful White people to tokenize all of us. “They’re complaining that we lack diversity?? Ok, let’s put one single black man and / or one single pale-skinned Latina on our advisory board/tv show/whatever, now all the colored folk will have to shut up.” And it’s *always* the One Black Guy Bro Friend or a pale skinned Latina.
Because despite the propaganda, owning a gun doesn’t make one ready for a firefight at every second. Because despite the statistics, not everyone owns a gun, and many gun owners don’t have their guns loaded, unlocked, and at arms reach at all times (because they’re at least slightly responsible). That’s a Wild West fantasy of how gun ownership works, it’s not real and no level of gun ownership will make it real. Because despite the popular imagery of a serial killer, I can think of zero serial killers who gained the title “serial killer” by breaking into houses at complete random, yet also alerting the occupants to their presence with enough time to take action. The few serial killers that chose victims by breaking into occupied houses cases their victims’ homes, chose vulnerable individuals, and in at least GSK’s case, broke in beforehand to hide or disable weapons. But most serial killers *don’t* choose their victims by breaking into occupied houses in middle class neighborhoods. Keeping a gun under tour pillow will almost certainly not protect you from a serial killer. They find their victims out in public or on the side of the road. They generally choose vulnerable individuals. Prostitutes mostly, but also young women, LGBT youth, runaways, drug addicts, the elderly, young children.....people they can overpower and outrun, weapons or not. There are even quite a few serial killers who focused on the extremely ill and bedridden. Many serial killers put their victims at ease, they didn’t jump out from a dark alley at them waving a knife and going “OOGITY BOOGITY!” Do you usually pull a gun or knife on someone who’s being pleasant to you? This is probably incidental to serial killers’ choice of victims, but a lot of the people I listed either cannot legally obtain a firearm, or do not have the practical means to obtain one. You probably don’t expect these people to be toting around hunting rifles, so it should be mentioned that you can’t (generally) purchase a handgun until you’re 21 years old. Youths and runaways often won’t have one. Prostitutes are often under that age, and even if not, do you think a pimp is going to risk arming his victim? Maybe, but probably not. A lot of people on the streets have criminal backgrounds, which makes getting a gun harder. Young women generally don’t drag guns around with them all the time, because ironically, the paranoia and fear of gun culture isn’t sold to women like it is to men, even though we’re inherently more vulnerable. Beyond all that, guns are expensive. Even if one can legally obtain one, or can get one illegally, they still need hundreds of dollars of disposable income at one moment. Vulnerable people often don’t have that. “Keep a gun in your house” is an upper middle class solution to a poverty class problem. Beyond all that, serial killers are rare. Most people don’t actively fear and prepare for them because most people know they will never be the target of one. So few serial killers have been killed by intended victims because there are very few serial killers, period. Statistically, it’s not going to happen much.
NTA. Had it been a different type of party, like Chuck E. Cheese or a piñata in the backyard, where you plan for a range of guests rather than an explicit number, I’d say get over it, but for the type of party described, it’s just not fair. Either you’d have to shell out a significant amount more money, or some of the children wouldn’t have gotten to fully participate. That’s not fair to the kids who’d have to share a craft kit.
Yeah. While I am sure many are real (we used to have public hangings, stonings, and beheadings until rather recently, after all. Some places still do), a lot of the weirder stuff might be a relatively modern invention, so we could point at the barbarians of the past and say “oh, what monsters, we’re so great now.” I bet money that some of the stories are also contemporary propaganda. Because honestly, I hear a lot of vague “medieval/ancient people used this fearsome tool to X, Y, Z petty criminals,” but hear a lot less of “this historical person who probably existed was executed/tortured via this method for this specific crime.”
NTA. Her true self sounds irritating.
B ooty L ike M elons It’s just about fantastic asses.
People believe lies and even base their entire worldview on them all the time (see: much of Trump’s base). While I’d be inclined to believe almost any horrible thing said about Donald Trump.....that’s kind of the point. People think that they’ll know a lie the minute they hear it, but they’re wrong. If that lie seems plausible enough or conforms to their world view, a lazy person will think it’s true and not even bother to double check. Most people are pretty fucking lazy. And right now, a theoretical liar doesn’t need to convince everyone. The hardcore Trumpers would be in his corner regardless of what false or real tales they heard about their god. But there are a lot of independents and moderate republicans who don’t like Trump’s rhetoric and attitude, and could be pushed by something pretty weird. People base their voting habits on weird minutiae all the time. There are probably enough people in the “family values” camp who are sketchy on Trump’s marriage history and his treatment of his nephew that could be swayed to stay home or vote Biden with one more nudge. If Mary Trump says “Donald Trump forced me to get an abortion and kicks puppies,” that might be all that’s needed in a very close race, even though it’s not true (note: I imagine Trump probably paid for many abortions and likely does kick puppies, but I have no proof, so until further notice, this is a lie).
People are often pretty ignorant of medical conditions and disabilities that don’t involve a wheelchair or a seeing-eye dog (I specify seeing-eye, because people are pretty ignorant of service animals for any other disability). Especially allergies and breathing problems related to animals. OPs friend, at least, *needs* her dog and has some right to feel put out. But plenty of people who just have pets will get *extremely* personally offended by those who have allergies not wanting to wallow in their unwashed beasts’ dander at all times. Some people think “I’m allergic and will be at least uncomfortable, if not have a medical emergency, if I’m in enclosed spaces with your dog” is code for “I’m a big nasty dog hater and I hate your special pupper in particular.”
Most people who do this haven’t been here since the 1600s; you are an outlier as a white person (or a person who’s ancestors were voluntary immigrants at all) who’s family have been here that long. Most Americans of Irish descent are working with 80-150 years of distance from Ireland and yes, that is a big difference from 400 years, even though they’ve never stepped foot in Ireland. Having your grandparent or great grandparent as an immigrant *absolutely* affects your cultural upbringing and ethnic identity. If OP stays in the US and has kids, is she going to snarl at them for saying “I’m Irish-American?” Or is she going to want to pass on aspects of her Irishness to them? Probably the latter; this is how *every* American claiming Irish, Italian, whatever got there. Now, this does not mean OP is TA, because she’s not. This woman is clearly out of line. But Europeans need to know that America is wayyyyyy less rigidly “blood and soil” about their ethnic and cultural backgrounds than Europeans, and that there really is no solid “American” cultural or ethnic identity, despite what they’ve seen on tv. When we say “I’m XYZ,” we are claiming an ethnic background, not trying to steal and appropriate your jealously guarded nationality.
I didn’t say “America has no culture.” That is an extremely wrong way to view what i said. And no, the variation of a small country with millions or tens of millions of mostly ethnically similar people simply has no similarity to a gigantic country of 300 million where there is no unifying ethnic group. You do not group by ancestry, because not being of the same ancestry is an extreme outlier for you and there would be no point in doing so. America is not like that, because Americans do not share an extreme majority ethnic group. I also have been to Europe. While Europeans online like to speak as you do, in practice, they very much do not view it as “if you live here, you’re of this nationality.” The UK throwing a temper tantrum because too many people with polish last names were hanging around should be evidence of that.
I mean, if you look into the numbers......yes, compared to a person living in the Americas. I know “aMeRiCa StOoPiD” is the cool meme right now, but your conception of how large, populated, and diverse the US (and again, the Americas in general) is is extremely lacking if you think “only 90-odd percent of the population is of this country’s majority ethnic group” (which is the reality for most European countries, at least Western Europe) is something that a person genuinely immersed in diversity would find “not an extreme outlier.” Unless you’re saying that people in Europe move and then erase anything but trivial knowledge of their ancestors (“my grandparents are from X country but ew yuck no I am 100% Y country I have no connection to my grandparents’ home”), which frankly doesn’t sounds as lovey-dovey kumbaya as you might think.
It’s a dorky fraternity that has historically had a lot of powerful members. One third of US presidents were masons, for example, as well as a wild number of leaders, judges, and general rich and famous dudes across the world. Which sounds mighty suspicious, until you realize that in most powerful people got there by knowing people, and joining a secret society full of powerful people allows you to meet and befriend people who are valuable to your ambitions. They mostly do pointless rituals that are more religious/symbolic than sinister, and hang out drinking in dorky outfits. At least if you judge by my cousin and his lodge.....
I have to share the world with black people = communism.
You probably wouldn’t need to sound like Celine Dion, or even be pegged as French Canadian, to stand out in rural South Carolina.
No one is denying that people move around Europe or that even small countries have variations in culture. We don’t think you’re all one big incestuous family and that you are literally genetic twins with people from other parts of your county. It’s just that every time this comes, Europeans as a general rule express a deep and willful ignorance of why people in the US and the Americas in general aren’t marching in lock step with their idea of how they view ethnic backgrounds. You guys genuinely have mashed “ethnicity” and “nationality” so tightly that you literally don’t understand the words that are being said to you, and are so dedicated to “America stupid” that you’re not willing to learn.
Yeah. With absolutely no proof, I’m getting the impression the shadow is a thin woman with big/lots of hair. No guess as to what she’d be holding. Could also be a young man wearing a helmet, or with a bowl cut or Afro.
I’m gonna be real. It shows that you’re still mentally thinking of your daughter’s education in early elementary school terms and you may not yourself be educated about how higher education functions. Sure, in second or third grade getting a “C-“ (she didn’t get a C- by the standards of those grading her, btw, she got a C- by your standards. Not the same thing) might indicate you’re behind your peers when filling out a spelling test or multiplication tables. But your daughter isn’t 8 years old. She’s an adult in college and is measurably *ahead* of her peers. College classes aren’t regurgitation of facts the teacher fed you, and grading scales aren’t designed the same way they are for small children. Beyond that, if she isn’t capable of studying medicine, she can figure that out herself. If her grades are poor, she just won’t get into med school. That doesn’t seem to be the case, but she’s not a baby. Let her succeed fail on her own accord, instead of hobbling her because your parenting attitude hasn’t evolved since the days of having to sign the homework log.
It’s not my view on identity, or that I think you are wrong for viewing things the way you do. It’s the fact that you and most Europeans do not have even a basic factual understanding about how Americans view it. Also, your claim about how Europeans view identity is deeply incorrect in my experience, as many will flat out call me a liar when I claim my nationality as American due to my appearance. When that changes, I will believe you speak for a general attitude rather than a personal one.
No. I am reacting to what you think because you have expressed it.
I don’t think their major issue was poverty. I’m sure the poverty would make it worse, but clearly, the adults in the house were eating enough. The boy was punished for “stealing food” so food existed in the house. If the issue was simply poverty, there are 3 adults in the equation. Between 3 adults, if the only trouble was poverty, somewhere between those 3 pea brains, they’d figure to get extra jobs, beg on Facebook, go to the food pantry, or steal. This wasn’t a case of people falling on hard times and being ignorant or negligent. It really sounds like they were starving him (and possibly the 7 year old) on purpose, and had been doing so for some time. He was normal sized, if on the small side, at 4, but lost weight in the intervening 2 years to the point of being the size of a baby at 6. He didn’t just start going hungry a few weeks or months ago. That’s not desperation, that’s not poverty, that’s not being a selfish cruddy parent. That’s intentional. The “we were waiting for food stamps” line is just a convenient lie. Food stamps take forever, but they don’t take 2 years. Note that the father also specifies that the food stamps were to feed this child specifically, not all the children or the whole family. It really sounds like he was the unfavorite and was designated to eat last, if at all.
I never got how a black relative other than your own flesh and blood child is ever supposed to be a get out of racism card, though (though a mixed child isn’t either, at least the logic is there). “My grandchild/niece/nephew/step sibling/cousin/neighbor’s kid is mixed.” Uhhhh so? All that means is that you know a someone who knows a black person. You didn’t make that mixed kid, you didn’t personally interact with the black person, so what’s the argument? It’s alllllllways in reference to little-little kids who don’t know shit and can’t call you out too.
I love stuff like this. The shocking one to me is of the group on the boat. If you look closely, the woman is waving to the inhabitants another boat....who are definitely white. That implies that both groups of people are using the same marina, and entirely chill about it. My grandparents had tons of old magazines around, and I have an embarrassingly huge stash of old advertisements on Pinterest, so I’ve always seen ads depicting well-off black people smoking, drinking, and buying expensive consumer goods. But I’ve never seen an ad from this era where the black individual/couple/group are not only explicitly wealthy, but explicitly accepted by similarly wealthy white people, if not implicitly acquaintances/friends with them. That’s not a rare black yacht club, that’s the rich white people in the yacht club being entirely unfazed that a black family is using the next dock over, and the black family expects them to be unfazed. Aspirational to the extreme! I’d be surprised to see that ad in the 1980s, much less the 1950s or 60s. Heck I’d be surprised to see that now, though I guess more due to the explicit depiction of wealth (I feel like most ads that are selling anything that isn’t an explicitly luxury good tend to display more “domestic upper middle class” wealthy rather than “yacht club rich” wealthy trappings nowadays). I don’t know of many ads before the 70s that depicted any integration at all, aside from perhaps ads for fast food or children’s items.
My entire post was agreeing with you, then providing additional information that you admitted you didn’t know. Not sure why you’re so fucking hostile.
It definitely wasn’t, but I forgive your outburst.
That wasn’t really an apology. You should really work on being less nasty and dismissive to people who literally spell out “you are right, I agree with you, and here’s why, let’s commiserate on our mutual agreement.”
Because there’s nothing else OP *can* do. Arguing with him isn’t going to do anything but cause a scene. She can’t perform a citizen’s arrest. She has no proof other than “that’s something a thief would say.” She could get his description and call the cops, of course, but then there’s the risk that the cops a) do nothing, or b) freak out and arrest/kill anyone matching the description (aka, any black male over the age of 10 who happens to be standing near a front porch within a mile of this house). She should get a good look at the guy, and tell her neighbor. It’s also kind of odd that her neighbor is having packages delivered when he’s out of town. It’s not implausible or anything, but I would not be placing orders if I wasn’t going to be there to take them in (especially if there’s been a rash of package thefts), and if I did, I would absolutely have a friend or neighbor pick them up. “What a thief would say” and “what a friend picking up a package would say” are the same thing, and OP isn’t the police. There’s also a chance that someone is having sketchy packages delivered to what they know is an empty house (which is absolutely a thing that happens).
In going to be real: a lot of these actions seem to be taken by people who don’t know what blackface is, based on the demands of people on social media, most of whom are young and white in my opinion. Blackface needs to be more than “something black on a face.” Now, id highly recommend white people avoiding painting their faces completely black or brown, because it can come off wrong. But the intent of blackface needs to be, mockingly or not, for a non black person to be masquerading as a black person. Not a fictional elf, a monkey, or a bear. Not just wearing too much bronzer because they have tacky taste in makeup.
Just so you know, “vintage” and “thrift” aren’t synonymous. A place claiming to be a vintage shop is probably not selling cheap clothes like goodwill or savers, and is more likely than not actually pretty pricey (though not definitely).
“Why do they put up with it” is the most baffling question in regards to these things. It’s always in regards to either gigantic systemic issues, or mundane minor annoyances. What do you propose we “do” about it? Start throwing Molotov cocktails in the streets over bathroom stalls? Go to the Office Of Toilet Cubicles to demand change (hint: no such place exists)? Run a political campaign based of the width of toilet gaps?
Because we currently have 2 viable parties: the “actively racist regressive crypto Nazi party” and the “meh” party. You tell me why ethnic minorities almost exclusively vote for the latter and not the former
But people are addicted to the sheer level of convenience. I’ve worked for two separate companies that ship things via online orders that, while big enough in their own right, are not amazon, and for an assortment of reasons, can’t do 2-day shipping ever, much less as a matter of course, much less 1-day or overnight shipping. It makes people *fucking furious* that they cannot have literally anything they want delivered to their doorstop in literally any corner of the planet within 48 hours, or faster if they “really need it” or “are inconvenienced” (as a note, neither company I worked for sold or shipped anything that could ever in any universe be considered a “need”). They’d only order from us because we sold things amazon couldn’t. They sure as hell aren’t going to risk the tragedy of waiting 5 to 7 business days for a luxury object Amazon *does* sell.
