Thanks for the feedback. I'm still trying to nail the tone/style of the dialogue so this is useful.
Thank you for the invaluable feedback, and especially for sharing your personal experience as a veteran. I hadn't realized how much context was missing from that little description. I'm grateful to have you reading it.
Fuck. RIP
Even Dafran was struggling to get in and pick Zen on stream recently. When that dude can't do it, you know you're fucked.
Each of the nations, or even cities, is quite different from one another. For example in Hebron, West Bank, I saw girls with fluffy voluminous hair and yoga pants. They even have oktoberfest there, in a Palestinian city! You're missing out on some really incredible sights if you don't hit up the middle east. If you're paranoid you should at least hit up Jerusalem and Petra across the border. It's incredibly safe and the sights are stunning.
*immediately gets benched*
The movies simply wouldn't make sense without Padme rejecting Anakin in a bdsm dress
Just to be clear I was referring to the 'eastern world' as whole, not east Asians specifically.
I was pretty careful with my language. You don't have to flippantly mischaracterize what I said because you disagree with me. My first point was arguing **against** a potentially false and commonly repeated generalization. My second point specifically addresses successful nations. My third point clearly addresses a subset -- not even a majority -- of Asian Americans. Where did I generalize 2/3rds of the world's population?
&gt; Japan, btw, has a provision that allows for citizenship if a child born in Japan as stateless, otherwise, they’re given their parents’ citizenship What kind and benevolent people, allowing infants born within their borders to be stateless. America could learn a thing or two from them! (am I doing this reddit sarcasm thing right?)
Yoda and Obi-Wan are still stuck in the OT as well, but it's extremely subtle.
Alistair Overeem hospitalized five bouncers.
But OWL enthusiasts criticize the league constantly. Is it just the most effective social media strategy to pretend you're persecuted by a bunch of straw men or what
First time I've genuinely laughed in months.
I like to wander spontaneously
What does 'art' mean to you?
It looks like the changes have disincentive tourism overall for mainlanders, since it's down 60%.
Jokes on the space-lover. The earth is flat and none of those things exist.
It's basically perfect for vloggers.
I actually can't think of a single satisfying new character arc in the sequel trilogy. What's crazy is the setup was all there. Rey dealing with her lack of a meaningful origin. Finn questioning his entire life, then grappling with the morality of killing the people he trained with. Poe learning to not be reckless and become a true leader for the "resistance." Kylo being tempted not by the dark side, but the light. Instead we got cardboard cutouts. What the hell.
Even the premise, that some foresight gave Luke the ability to see into Kylo Ren's future, could have been good if written better. It would have made more sense character-wise if Luke's well-intended actions were the inadvertent cause of Kylo's fall.
I think they wanted Rey to be the face of the new trilogy, especially after the prequels felt so messy without a central protagonist. You know, instead of having Snoke or Palpatine it would have been really cool if the Knights of Ren were all of Luke's best pupils and they served as the main villains for the entire trilogy. I love the idea of having a new evil come into the Star Wars mythos. Up until now it's always been some old torch that's been passed down. A single person teaching new people to be Jedi is kind of like playing with fire without knowing what you're doing.
TLJ kind of teased him going into the "gray zone" of morality when it comes to Force powers. I got so excited when he asked Rey to join him. I think ending TLJ with Rey and Kylo joining forces, and then leaving Luke alive and connected to the force again, would have redeemed the entire film. Ep 9 could have then gone in some VERY different and interesting directions.
mfw Anakin became best friends with the grandfatherly clone of some dude he never met PepeLaugh
I know how you feel, but the age of Taimou might be long over. I've been waiting for some kind of comeback but it just never happens. Even in the pro scrims he couldn't do well.
They're probably a bunch of casuals between gold and diamond. God forbid they just do quickplay.
It's literally an extremely obvious joke.
Within the context of the first film we don't know if it was working or not. The Rebellion was competent enough after all to cause the upper management lots of grief.
People disagree greatly on the prequels. They also disagree on liking TFA. And the usual ROTJ disagreement beating dead ewoks shit.
Not that I've seen.
I have to confess... I haven't seen Rogue One. Is it worth a watch?
Nice you found a single thread from over a year ago that includes dozens of reasonable and respectful responses. The former point is completely irrelevant. Keep searching, friend.
&gt; The original point was that they treat difference of opinion respectfully The thread you linked, in which someone provokes the subreddit by asking them what "liberals" think of the Star Wars, was met by nothing but respectful and thoughtful responses. The person who was banned was spamming an indiegogo link to make money. Of course the mods can, and should, take action. Your own evidence works against you.
From my perspective the prequels are evil!
https://www2.alchemy-equipment.com/collections/luggage.html How about Alchemy Equipment?
Taimou's Sombra almost carried the Fuel to a win against NYXL in stage 3 last year. That was pretty nutty. Then they swapped in AKM and got rolled lmao
You should read Kirinyaga. It's a legendary book.
Would you mind sharing the letter? I also wrote to Resnick 9 years ago, asking for fiction writing advice. He told me he writes from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. five or more days a week.
Fair enough.
Pre-prequels? We're going the fucking KOTOR route now?
You could probably get the money back, but it might not be worth the effort. Just make sure the injustice of having your girlfriend taken advantage of doesn't eat at you inside. That could be far more harmful than losing $100.
I think it's a reference to Harii pottaa to kenja no ishi, a popular anime from Japan.
Who would win? The Houston OUTLAWs, our boys in green, the baddest boys on the OWL scene or a bunch of bored old people
Mfw Disney makes a Star Wars boarding school YA movie starring Sheev Palpatine.
"HONEY!! WHY ARE YOU GOING BACK!!" "I think I forgot to run over one of those dudes."
Damn. The most I got from my Arc store was free beer...
The United States could have destroyed Japan with conventional weaponry too. The Death Star is the equivalent of the nuclear bomb in Star Wars.
No
Seoul and Valiant tried this and their b teams got rekt.
&gt;Pine OW is something to get excited about. You mean... *was* PepeHands
friendship ended with J LUL K E now J Pog K E is mybest friend
This has been a long time trend for Blizzard. When WoW: Wrath of the Lich King came out, they didn't rehire some of the great voice actors who worked on Warcraft 3. They lowballed Justin Gross, who was Arthas for fuck's sake! ARTHAS! &gt;Unfortunately, no. After I completed my role as Arthas, Blizzard Ent. came back to me to reprise the role but for an embarrassingly low amount of money. The more money they made off of WOW, the less they wanted to pay their actors. So on the advice of my agent, I declined. &gt;But thank you for asking.
When I first heard Puckett I thought his voice was fake. Turns out he was born with the literal perfect voice for that kind of job.
Yeah if only they had created an internal struggle for Finn when he had to kill his fellow soldiers in the first film, then slowly humanized the storm troopers over the second, leading to the rebellion in the third! nah, he'll just indiscriminately slaughter them and shout "rey" a lot
How do Muay Thai fighters look so damn sturdy
Seems like a legit account to me
Damn. I enjoyed the first 5 minutes of this than the entire sequel trilogy.
Thanks. How is that relevant to, say, making a typically caucasian-appearing character into a black one? The quote seems more specific to the reader experience than the creation of 3rd party adaptations of his work. For example, Tolkien had strong opinions on a script proposal he read for LOTR.
sorry let me rephrase my post sounds like you just acquired a new fetish ;) ;) *nudge nudge*
Can't believe Arc'teryx is about to charge $800+ for a bag made in the Philippines.
Wasn't the shield bash cooldown 4 fucking seconds And the 150 rally armor that lasted between fights and BETWEEN ROUNDS Blizzard had to have been fucking with us
People joke but Brig pretty much destroyed the careers of several pro players
Just like his mother in law
I'm surprised I've never heard of that novel. Good username either way.
Some of the DNC candidates are so different that in a different country they'd be in entirely different parties. There is a greater philosophical struggle going on than simply defeating President Trump.
Well, The Senate was still a minor character in TPM. He gets a lot more attention in Revenge of the Sith.
I am actually very excited to see what ridiculous Tank or Support hero Blizzard comes out with next. You know they're going to have a couple 'accessible' ones with OW2's release.
Lmfao it's a real life version of the boomer meme
Accommodation and food are very cheap in Hanoi, so long as you stay out of Tay Ho. You could just show up here and immediately get a job instead.
You can get a TEFL certificate by doing a $30 online course from groupon.
Im 12 years old and new to the game. What is "mama mercy"? Asking 4 a friend
You literally need aim assist because you can't handle a player with a mouse and keyboard. git gud or go back to consoles
Chicago had a couple days like that last year. It felt like the air was actively trying to kill you.
You seem to have a macro perspective on societal problems. That's a huge burden for any individual to bear. It might even be damaging to your psyche. It's much more practical to focus on improving the 'small world.' Yourself, your family and friends, and the people you meet personally. Changes you can see and feel. I understand that encountering weak Asian guys might be frustrating, but that's only because they're reflecting your own fears back at you. You could see those encounters as opportunities instead. Young men in America are in desperate need of positive role models.
He was pretty awesome in the first scene of TFA... lol
Knack Bags, though I find them a little ugly.
Not exactly. The jacket is a branded TNF Apex Bionic soft shell fleece jacket which retailed for around $150. You could get a new one for around $80-90 but the one on ebay was a solid deal considering the promotional status of the item.
They did a pretty good job tho. The back has a small OW logo. It's kind of cool how the TNF logo is subdued to add emphasis to the OWL one.
It's him
You're right. We've seen a few good Mccree/Widow showings from BaconJack but he definitely hasn't proven himself yet. Leave probably has the mechanics to be top tier but playing Widow at OWL-level is a whole different ball game. &gt; the question for Chengdu is if they can focus their chaotic energy They looked really coordinated during the OWWC, which was Chengdu + Guxue. Hopefully Ameng can keep that rolling (heh)
I'm not the same person as in the screenshot.
He would have made ROTJ more like ESB, which as an adult I wish had happened. Kid me loved ROTJ more than anything though, so perhaps Lucas was onto something. Still, sometimes I sit back and wonder.
H-hello Senator
&gt; Sounds a bit boring tbh. Stories are about characters -- just describing stuff won't make it a good story. It can be done quite well, but you have to know the form. It's definitely not something you can stumble into. And definitely not something that's popular.
The only good thing it did was increase the stakes in the throne room scene. And maybe sell merchandise lol.
Yoda was actually waiting for Luke to arrive in Empire. There is also a deleted scene of him teaching Luke how to wield a lightsaber. It's pretty established in ESB that they wanted to train Luke to send him to confront Vader.
&gt; And then promptly starts making excuses to not train Luke. That doesn't make sense. Yeah for about 60 seconds. And when Yoda drops the facade of being a kook, he straight up tells Obi-Wan that he's too old. He was testing Luke the entire time, and conspiring with spooky Obi-Wan. I do like Yoda and Sheev being about the mystical side of the force. It always said a lot that neither of them used lightsabers in the OT.
the overwatch mangekyou sharingan Pog
you forgot the winston melee!
I unironically enjoy seeing his face. come at me
No eterna simulation and shitty pre-amps really sucks. Impressed with the built in mic though.
I am not talking about site blockers. I mean spending much less time on the internet as a whole. What do you really gain from using reddit anyways?
I'm only giving you the advice that I need to follow myself. Imagine someone trying to quit eating unhealthy food when they hang out in sweet shops all day. Only internet addiction is worse because it leads to a lot more problems than porn access.
No one is asking for 10 bit color from a entry level camera my dude. But a lot of vloggers do montages of b roll footage where color grading is important. This is some canon cripple hammer shit where they refuse to include a simple but essential feature just to differentiate their hardware lineup.
credit to /u/Gamer949 &gt; Location: &gt; LACS = Los Angeles Center Studios &gt; They have a 350 seat auditorium https://lacenterstudios.com/images/lacs-special_events/image_grid/Beaudry%20Theatre%20350%20Seats%20Platform.jpg but they will not be hosting games there. They are probably just renting a small sound studio there to do remote broadcasts.
&gt; Matthew (a second Matthew which is not Mr X) possibly Matt Mersel who according to Linkedin "Broadcast Researcher at The Overwatch League"
They've been promoted to DiamondChat now (median SR)
&gt; I didn't say "all vloggers" Where did I claim that you did? &gt; average vloggers What, or who, even defines what an "average" vlogger is? This is a $800 camera. It should be able to have a good flat profile. A lot of of cheaper and less powerful cameras have it, including the GoPro which you're using as an example.
Logix isn't human wtf. He walks straight into the enemy team on Hanzo and just dinks them.
It looks usable if you're just framing shots. There's something extremely distracting about lag from self-facing monitors to me though. The Media Mod is actually quite nice at least, so long as the audio quality proves good. It has a rear and front camera for different recording situations. Pretty impressed with the design on that.
Engadget reported that the media mod is not waterproof in any way.
Twitch chat is a critical part of the OWL experience for me. I don't know what to feel right now.
I agree with you. I felt like twitch chat was a big part of OWL fan culture.
audio test asap pls
OWL2019gg
&gt; I know when I'm bored anyway I find myself just kinda jumping from video to video. This works well for their sidebar algorithm. But do you ever jump into random streams though? I don't think I ever have.
It's a shame they couldn't make the Padme side story work. Her founding a political resistance faction while Anakin pledges loyalty to Palpatine would have created a more believable tension between them. Without it, she comes off as one dimensional during their final conversation.
You might want to wait a while. The One R is a pretty new product and is probably going to have some hiccups. If you care about low light shooting the 1 inch sensor will obviously blow any other action cam out of the water.
"feels good man" *FINED &amp; BANNED*
I loved the spam damn it
Would it take ages to render?
Spark played Season 1 with several handicaps. Language barrier, their SSS-tier carry Winston tank being forced onto Rein then Orisa, and Krystal leaving. Going into the Season 2 playoffs, a ton of people here were predicting the Spark would get rolled by Seoul or Atlanta. Those teams got smoked. What we know about the team is that they're super hardcore grinders. Staying up late, studying each other's playstyles, etc. The biggest threat might actually be burnout with all the traveling.
It's a figure of speech that is rarely intended to be taken literally.
I only have 16gb of RAM, plus I'm on a laptop, so maybe that's bottlenecking me. My next laptop upgrade is going to be a beastly one. I've realized 1080p GoPro footage looks like a turd smear compared to the 4k stuff.
GoPro regulates their pricing. That sort of $50 discount comes every 1-2 months. Eventually it'll drop by about $100 near the end of the year when the Hero9 comes out. You have to ask yourself though, is fifty bucks worth not having a camera to practice with and enjoy for a couple months?
I heard they were completely sold out!
Not the best comparison imo. The naked Gopro 8 was too far away. It would be nice to hear it outdoors too.
I'm still an Empire loyalist but I can enjoy the Lucasisms in other movies.
16gb and it isn't upgradable 😔
David Harry is awesome, first of all. He makes the best videos for comparing this kind of stuff. But yeah, extremely bummed out with the audio quality. There are PLENTY of $15-30 microphones that sound much, much better than the Media Mod. It's like GoPro didn't even try. If the audio was even decent, just *decent*, I'd buy a Hero 8 and the Media Mod tomorrow. What's crazy is that some gopro fans are attempting to deny reality by saying it doesn't sound that bad. The built in mic is better! What's the point? I just don't understand why GoPro would do this to such an important product. We've been desperate for a better solution than the old 3.5mm dongle. Is it simply a matter of economics? Maybe some dude in a suit figured they could widen their profit margins by cutting corners, relying on marketing and market share to push units. I just don't get it. We have people from the GoPro team on this subreddit. I know it's probably a long shot but I'd like to hear some answers, or even better SOLUTIONS, to this disappointing release. /u/bayareacrasher
I've heard whispers that external mics actually sound worse on the media mod than the old dongle. Expect comparisons soon.
Have you seen the DJI action's mic adapter? It's tiny and sounds amazing. The thing was dead on arrival but they miraculously fixed it with firmware. The new insta360 one R also has a tiny adapter. I'm so annoyed gopro has left us out to dry for actual years at this point.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ship_of_Theseus God, sometimes I look back at the start of OWL... all of our hopes and dreams for the EnvyUs squad... Feeling like Padme at the end of Episode 3 rn
I'm personally a fan of OT canon Emperor Palps, who just happens to have an unstoppable wizard attack from being so supremely strong with the Force. It makes it so much more incredible that Luke and Vader's relationship defeats him, rather than another magic ability.
I wonder if they'll make him remove the 69 from his name if he goes pro.
A minor transgression compared to the reprehensible act of cheating at an online video game.
Didn't they already do that by making heroes one per team.
HOG WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU... oh... you're killing everything...
As a main tank player, I relate to Fusions way too much. While his team was mentally boomed and LAUGHING as they got rolled by mid to low tier teams, Fusions was speaking passionately into the microphone, dead serious look on his face, trying to pull them out of the slag heap. I'm no Uprising fan but I'll root for that dude any day.
I am beyond impressed lmao they downvoted me too
That's fair tbh. I think I tend to assume people are being a friendly sort of crass on here. That's usually how I am at least.
Absolutely the fuck not. Holy shit I can't think of a faster way to kill this game than restricting what heroes can be played. Maybe I could see pulling a single overpowered hero per season while being worked on but if there is a "pool" that could mean a whole swath of characters you enjoy playing no being playable. I can speak for myself and the couple dozen people I play with that we would all be done playing OW if this happened. /u/Isord &lt;3
You can get an accessory off amazon that will boost the cold shoe up a little bit. There's a lot of solutions for that.
A fucking flask? That's the coolest swag I've seen so far.
*vibrates in disagreement*
President Chipsa chuckled. "You mean the Chaos Emeralds?"
virgin huk gets AMOGed by Teenage Chad Chess Prodigy
Fascinating. I'm a fantasy author and will be saving these details for a future work :)
This is so weird. I figured it out, but only partially. I live in Thailand so I had to switch to PAL. But on every other mode, the NTSC shutter speed and framerates were working without flicker. How the hell is this possible?
The camera has a record button that works on most of the settings. So if I start recording on those settings, there's no flicker while on NTSC framerates.
Afterwards, Boink celebrated his shot with a delicious Chicago hot dog (no ketchup), some Vitners potato chips and a can of pop.
I love the vid but that music is painful to hear. Just let me listen to SBB please.
Being good is almost always a ticket to being marketable. The narrative the Titans had going into Season 3 was essentially a goldmine. Plus almost the entirety of OWL's fanbase were fans of the Titans to some extent. All they had to do was sign Bumper back and actually put in some effort.
It's going to be hard to go back to OWL after watching that match. I might just limit my viewership to the melees.
Sorry but I'm not exactly sure what part of my post you are replying to.
&gt; However, it feels that you’re oversimplifying it by implying that we can make a quick fix. I never intended to imply this. I agree positive role models are key. I think these communities need to heal themselves more than anything else.
It is really fair to lay the title of 'ruling class' at the feet of all white Americans though? I think that distracts from the responsibility of those who actually have power. That said I do think a lot of people have been trying to help these struggling communities, but there's no consensus on what actually works. [The same old arguments have been going on since four decades ago.](https://www.nytimes.com/1983/11/20/us/breakup-of-black-family-imperils-gains-of-decades.html)
Is it possible to travel to Taiwan if I secure a work visa beforehand? I am living in a low risk COVID 19 country.
CPD is one of the most evil police forces in the country.
You mean those conservatives who are sitting comfortably in their small cities, suburbs, and towns while city-dwellers destroy their own communities? You want them to come out and protect people?
I would love to jest back and forth with you but I am completely lost on what you're trying to say.
I'll never forget the time we all flipped our shit for ZacharEEE waving hello on Pharah right before getting shot out of the sky
We joked he was the western Carpe In reality he was the western fl0w3r. rip
/u/tevorn420 did you learn anything from this experience?
Naw I'm in SEA but we got like 0 corona deaths now lol
Still better observing than OWL
Soe works for Blizzard, who owns Overwatch and Overwatch League.
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8374027/CNNs-Van-Jones-says-white-liberals-worrisome-KKK.html Enjoy
I'm giving it a shot and I've used Chrome for years. It's been eating my memory like crazy lately though.
Baki vs Oliva will be sick. That's one of the best fights in the series.
gotta celebrate somehow
The guy was a former Marine. He secured two rifles during the riots. [Vertx has featured him on their instagram.](https://www.instagram.com/p/CBBbawFhtOT/) Link to product page: https://vertx.com/commuter-sling-2-0
Sleepy is punching buckets for memes as his team dies. Redshell is playing his favorite hero. There's a big difference there. Even the text in the "Gameplay Sabotage" report window says that choosing the 'wrong' hero does not count as throwing.
Think of Baki as a form of outsider art. After the first manga, which ends right before the 2018 anime begins, the story becomes a vehicle in which the author expresses his amusing and outrageous ideas. A lot of the enjoyment of Baki comes from the sheer absurdity and the pseudo-science and pseudo-history behind everything.
c-candy...
It was pretty cool how whites made super inclusive and diverse nations for us minorities to move to tho. Thank you white people. It's not perfect but it is a lot better than most non western nations!
Yeah brother! My parents are from two previously colonized countries. Still really happy we have these diverse western nations tho.
His paintings fetch a high price from art enthusiasts in China.
You should post your budget
What makes the game fun? Is it the meta tasks or is the actual game play good?
at least come up with an original and humorous insult you intellectually impotent little troglodyte
Do you basically dominate the stand up game? How else would you change your strategy against someone so much better than you at grappling?
Are there any aspects of Muay Thai that are only applicable within the rules of the sport? I know it's pretty effective overall but it does look like something of a game at times, with the way kicks are caught and parried. I plan on training in it soon myself.
PICKLE USED A TECHNIQUE!
I love how his idea of a disguise is wearing a wig with slightly darker gray hair than his own. not even gonna mention the 3-piece suit
Meanwhile small businesses are put permanently out of business and honest, working class minorities find themselves living in food deserts.
LMAO HIS RONNIE IMPRESSION
Dang. I was getting frustrated with my teammate who couldn't do anything but now I realize the game must have been an even worse experience for him.
And I thought I was getting screwed with my 2:1 kdr
/u/BrenCasts as the leader of plat chat I demand you fix this
Overwatch has a weird skill curve. It is like a game of basketball where nobody knows the positions or how to dribble, despite having played hundreds of hours. The game also feels so punishing to lose. I have never been as frustrated with a video game.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ActualPublicFreakouts/comments/gzutqv/guy_talks_to_a_cop_like_a_cop/ The highest rated post ever on this sub was made 2 days ago. It involves a guy trolling cops. 4th highest made 28 days ago, shows a bad cop. 8th from 14 days ago shows a bad cop.
Ok let's sort by the last week then #1 is the same cop trolling vid #4 unrelated to protests #6 is a woman getting knocked out for saying the N-word #9 is about young black girls being mistreated by whites #10, 11, 12, unrelated to protests #15 shows the victim of police abuse #16 is a racist woman being struck etc You claimed: &gt; This sub is full of people that think police are justified no matter they do so it likely won’t get a lot of comments. The evidence doesn't back your argument up.
Going Reaper Mei Rein is basically the 2020 version of going GOATs. pretty smart by London since they are getting outskilled
WHO NEEDS WIDOWMAKER WHEN YOU HAVE JMAC WITH FIRE STRIKE???
Straight offense, no defense.
Sub in Geguri for the ultimate BM 😢
OW is cool but don't skip sleep for it friend. Your health is more important.
London mental is boomed.
London's 4 wins this season: Justice, Outlaws, Mayhem, Chengdu
I feel like there have been some contenders
Why is it so awful? I've been considering trying the game out.
That sounds really painful. Are there just not enough people playing Apex or something? One of the reasons I uninstalled OW was the unbalanced teams I get when solo queueing tank. And now I'm trying Valorant which has the same problem since ranked isn't out yet.
Hotba is pounding. Such a handsome and honest gamer
Seoul looked great on non-double shield comps in the Meme Melee. I am not sure I still buy into the narrative of them being double shield one tricks.
Discord + Torb + Hog + Orisa Imagine running Winston or Genji into all that
JJonak remains the #1
How hard is it to play Apex Legends for a new player? I have heard the matchmaking is incredibly unbalanced and that there are a lot of cheaters. Is it even worth starting?
I feel bad for his girlfriend though. Does anyone know what happened to her?
I'm just above average at FPS, but not great. I rank Diamond in Overwatch. I'm just worried that I'll eventually end up among the demographic of players getting farmed by twitch streamers, which I have heard is a big problem.
You know, Boston actually looks pretty good all things considered.
Honesty defeats Cheese Ya love to see it
Hello is it possible to report an entire OWL team for throwing?
Jerry with the swoosh from half court
I honestly think Boston isn't used to being good. They're too accustomed to getting completely shit on, so that the partial shits confuse them.
FUSIONS YOINKED THEM OH MY GOD
I can't tell if this is satire or not lol
Simp is actually changing into a positive thing
"I wanna carry my team, like I did with element mystic." **Loses to Boston Uprising**
&gt; defensive hero what is this 2017
Boston gave that map away. Colourhex goes super deep without recall. Punk throws the flux. Too many players trying to hard carry at once.
Brig armor will make his Genji even stronger
what is it
Man no wonder people are barely replying or interacting. I always opt out of the redesign.
That's like asking if 4 shaqs could beat up a gorilla
Sp9rk1e... welcome to the Overwatch League :)
OWL is going to be so much better when its not 2x KOTH all the time.
Why do the mods hate us? What have we ever done to them
opt out of the redesign
Now the match threads are live chat too. /u/Watchful1 please end my suffering have I not been a loyal member of this sub for 3 years
Fuel fans never learn KEKW
Thanks for contributing to it
You underestimate how bad some people are. You're trying to teach them a double leg takedown when they still need to learn to hold a stance.
I guess that's why they call it window pane
Don't worry Dallas Fans. [The cycle of misery will swing back around sometime next year.](https://i.imgur.com/bhvA5Ru.png)
Dallas is paying AKM $85,000/year, and housing, to play Unranked Valorant for 4 hours a day. top kek
Cause you're a legend brah
Somehow the translations got obliterated from the internet. You can read the /a/ translations here, but they are just text. https://desuarchive.org/a/search/subject/baki%20dou%20translation/ Another option is to look for reaction videos which seem to have the normal translations.
I'll gladly explain to you why Ben Shapiro and daily wire are behind so many pay walls. But first, have you considered investing in precious metals? Birchgold can help you protect your assets against the changing economy in these troubled times. Thats birchgold with code BEN. Anyways, the reason behind the paywalls is quite simple. But first, are you going bald from age and stress? Try this new product...
This can't be real. Plant allies? It has to be satire.
Interesting.
/u/hockeymask93 Is this sufficient evidence for you to admit that you were wrong? I am studying to see if hard evidence can change the mind of redditors.
Apparently its a big meme in Japan
Where is Muma? Is he safe? Is he all right?
We should have more people casting in OWL who have never played video games in their lives. May I suggest Ronnie Coleman of bodybuilding fame? Or perhaps the famous musician DJ Khaled? How epic would it be to have him casting the grand finals! I can't wait to see what great ideas the OWL production comes up with next.
I AM BEYOND PISSED. When Shockwave died on Mei I literally slammed my desk at full strength, spilling Mountain Dew everywhere. I put my heart on the line for this team every week and all they serve me is dishes of cold disappointment. Replace KSAA. Teach Shockwave not to feed. Fine Carcar for throwing. Maybe pick up some better available rookies right now, like some of the former RunAway squad. Only then will we have a chance at salvaging this season.
Thanks man I am sure we can turn this around soon. And if we don't, heads must roll.
I've read almost all (edit: okay, maybe about half) of Tiptree's short fiction but I never got any existential horror vibes. Thinking back, a couple of them definitely apply. There was one where &gt;!people gather to see a monster appear once every year, but it's in fact some sort of space traveler hurdling through time!&lt; and another where &gt;!a young woman is so badly damaged by her life experiences that she perceives the world in a sort of alternative utopian state.!&lt; I wish I had taken notes because so many of my memories of Tiptree's stories are blurred together.
There may have been a few waist-height objects on his walk through space and time...
I just read The Island by Watts. Good to know what to read next 🙂
Watch the Ova first too
Weird how you dislike Trump so much yet are actively campaigning for him on reddit.
Your opinions aren't unique or interesting and you have failed to understand my point completely.
I think that would be accurate chronologically. I've always been a fan of reading/watching things in order of publication.
Cordwainer Smith liked catgirls before they were cool.
5 years later, /u/zTurles reflected on the Thread he made on the /r/Grapplerbaki subreddit. "It was a good meme," he said, raising three fingers, "for these three unexpected reasons." "What could those reasons be?" asked the interviewer. /u/Zturles leaned back in the family restaurant booth. He downed his whiskey with a single gulp and smiled with satisfaction. "The reasons for making the thread, huh? You would have had to be there to believe me. Sometimes... I barely believe them myself."
It's just an obscene shortage of tanks. Playing with friends has nothing to do with it.
I just tilt and go Winston and attempt to hard carry via sheer force of will.
Oh, do you mean the enemy tanks? That's definitely possible. It's hard to tell because I do get gold partners as a diamond tank myself.
it rules I watched it like 15 years ago and it pops into my head sometimes, like today
It is considered a less lethal weapon by most police departments as well as Taser International, who invented the taser.
There are some great female characters in book 2 and 3. One of them is pretty much the hero of the universe. Asimov also writes a very convincing teenage girl.
That was some of the cleanest Soldier play we've seen in a while. Just constantly good positioning and map control. Happy appears to have a schematic of the entire map and the enemy Pharah's position in his brain at all times.
Lijang Gardens and Oasis City Center are where map 5s go to die
Wow committing trance to contest after your Sigma is dead... really questionable decision making from Seoul. What is this ladder lol
bdson what
gotta root for the 2021 champs now so no one calls me a bandwagon fan
actually actually 1
Unpopular opinion: Charge won that because of better Trance usage. It let them stabilize during a 4v5. Bdosin threw away trance **three times in a single map** and was defenseless once Eileen came back on Tracer.
Seoul is like one of those cartoon rowboats with holes in it. The main character keeps trying to plug holes with his fingers but water spouts out somewhere else. So he starts to use both hands, and his toes, but the water keeps coming, and the boat keeps sinking.
decent seoul but also not good enough seoul
Happy &amp; Profit are like two dueling protagonists among an army of side-characters.
A normal 4k hitscan player already embarrasses my greatest efforts. I can't imagine what it would be like to play against a top OWL player.
omg Seoul dive vs Torb 9000 iq prediction
*hovers into enemy spawn alone* sup
[Profit vs Guangzhou Charge, Circa 2020](https://i.imgur.com/zNzdExs.jpg)
Eileen is fucking good at Tracer. It's just that Profit is god mode caliber. He dedicated maybe half of this game to stopping him.
I think that has only ever happed once, Diya in Season 1
Lol to be fair he did play amazing in that game. I think he shat on Linkzr at his peak.
same
APAC games are more entertaining on average.
26k viewers vs NA's 40k viewers. We're catching up :)
He reminds me of Sinatraa in Season 1. Dude needs individual player coaching.
It's the Season 1 Diya/Effect/Sinatraa desperation Tracer. Totally unsustainable.
Yeah, he's one of those super flexible DPS.
A new dps wouldn't even begin to fix Chengdu's problems :/
There is some insane drama about Chips involving a girl
Diya/Leave/Jinmu could be a killer lineup
Chengdu face Shanghai tomorrow those poor bastards
Elsa on Sigma had a few moments and Jinmu's PHarah was of course looking good, just a bad strat.
*just barely* though
It would finally be the proof we need that reality is nothing but a complex RTS played by two cosmic AI
https://twitter.com/hangzhou_spark/status/1274207783924064256?s=21 this pre-game poster is sick
And it's a 3-0 win Could you imagine lol
Traitor!
he's been bulking mentally
SBB??????
I don't know. I'm hurting myself in confusion
omg Architect GodsB are so deadly together
This is Hangzhou firing on all cylinders. Everyone on their comfort picks. Everyone playing at a high OWL caliber. Extreme confidence from all the individual divers, which causes so much distress for the enemy team.
Bebe's slow ult charge almost gave me an anxiety attack
This is some insane Mei wall usage.
THIS IS ZMD (ZEN MAIN DIFFERENCE)
Wolf is right. This is one of the tightest matches we've seen. Every little mistake can cause an entire team wipe. The sheer amount of fragging power these teams have is incredible.
I'm expecting some tournament results!
Holy shit. That was a PLAYOFFS CALIBER map. The meticulous doomfist approach was INSANE.
It's being decided on razor-thin margins. It's great how each team has a style and thought process behind each map and composition, too, rather than a straight-up mirror. This is how pro Overwatch is supposed to be.
Nope it keeps going until 3 wins are achieved.
Nenne tried. He flanked around the lighthouse high ground a few times. It was just too hard.
Wow you can feel the nerves from their gameplay.
WHAT IS THIS THIS IS ACTUALLY ANIME
A C9 THE PERFECT ENDING TO THIS MATCH
THE MATCH THAT HAD IT ALL NEW PLAYERS AND REINVIGORATED TEAMS HAKSAL VS ARCHITECT GENJI VS GENJI PHARAH VS PHARAH GUXUE PRIMALS SAEBYEOLBE TRACER JJONAK FRAGGING OUT CRAZY SURPRISE DOOMFIST STRATS GOD TIER HITSCANS ACTUAL EFFECTIVE ZONING ULTS 9000 IQ MEI WALLS LUDICROUS MIND-BENDING STALLS RAZOR THIN MARGIN MAP COMEBACKS MAP 6, ROUND 3 AND A C9 TO END IT ALL ADD THIS ONE TO THE OWL GRIMOIRE
It's so good that he has a chance to shine. I never truly comprehended his full power until now
They pretty much avoided each other though because the Tracer pressure was so heavy.
Honestly, I was leaning more towards Spark since I tend to favor underdogs. I'm very happy with both teams though. I can't wait to see them go up against the likes of Shanghai!
PogYou
Thank you and gg, friend.
He just sat there smiling and bouncing in place while the rest of his team leeaped up and hugged each other. Guxue, the silent hero.
The eastern western carpe pog
This looks sick dude. Great job. Added it to my wishlist.
Is the caster audio way too loud for anyone else? Relative to the game sounds.
I swear the APAC games weren't this bad.
I noticed that some of the observing even was excellent this weekend. They were catching so many key moments, and we only had one truly scuffed replay.
Just send Shock and Philly to Asia to create the ultimate region. You guys can have Chengdu and London, to better match your average skill level.
True
look at dis dood
Fun facts: Mayhem hasn't lost to a non-Shock team in 83 days. They also haven't had a single map 5 since then. Every win has been 3-0 or 3-1. Similarly, Philly has not lost to a non-Shock/Mayhem team in 92 days.
Twilight and Viol2t are just dps now wtf
I literally don't remembner
WideChoihyobinHappy lmao
Imagine not playing the best video gamer in all of Belgium.
I like S4 but he doesn't chad out like Logix does. Logix is more volatile but he straight up takes over games. Sometimes you need that kind of playstyle, especially on KOTH.
How is Toronto's front line so fragile?
I love how Logix just plays hard and has fun no matter what.
Jaws and Hex with some real Pepega takes. Logix is the only reason Atlanta didn't finish with 3 minutes in the timebank. The fact is the defensive tracer is the aggressive one in the meta rn, so he can't do as much on attack with a weak team. In APAC the aggro-defensive Tracer playstyle is so extreme that you had Eileen spending 95% of his time stopping Profit from flanking in the Seoul v Charge game earlier today.
I'm hiding my power levels 😎
Shock, Shanghai, Mayhem, Philly, Spark, NYXL, Charge, Seoul. If any of these teams are playing one another I have the expectation of a good game. Anything else and its a dice roll.
Reminds me of S1 Fuel subbing out TAimou when he was hard carrying only to have a flimsy AKM
Nevix just dropped a full hp shield while Zykk was standing behind it, during a disengage. All of this occurred in front of him. Zykk died within half a second. The pick gave Atlanta Point B.
Come join team Spark.
Choihyoibin smiles and nods as Nevix gives him tips *I wish I could understand what he's saying*
Whoaa this Alien skin is sick! It's a tribute to the best player in Overwatch? That's sweet... when do we get to watch him play with his new MVP skin?!
Kevster now is not OWL level, as fanboy-triggering as that sounds. People loved him for his underdog streak, and his vibrant brand/personality, but expecting him to carry the Gladiators against one of the worst teams in OWL is unrealistic.
My Titans look so handsome in their player portraits. Much more 'realistic' and 'rustic' photos than the airbrushed fake@ss stuff from other teams :)
hello Finnsi
Dallas... I'm glad we got to face you... this victory will allow us to rise to new heights! One by one, we will defeat all the teams of the League! Your sacrifice will be remembered!
You did it. You found the most gamer wood of all.
[Do. It. For. Him.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/D5XK1hyWAAEJLB0.jpg)
Mercy Moira Pog Just like my plat comps
get that man a hug
&gt; starting
"actually, I remember one time we were playing against Titans, Hollywood, and it was 0-2 to Titans, we were attacking in Overtime, and Gamsu said: 'guys, if you think we are good, let's prove it now'. 3-2"
WE DID IT LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HATERS DOWN DOUBTERS DOWN
am literally crying right now. We just defeated a team that went to MAP FIVE with the SF Shock, #1 OW team of all time. That means that we're within striking distance of defeating the Shock. Grand Finals are back on the menu, boys :)
At least one Canadian team won today!
Just the game. I'm not sure if I'll like it or not yet...
Can you add in Xcom as well?
It was a legendary game. Both teams looked extremely deadly. It was the sort of game where any tiny mistake resulted in catastrophe. The teams were so evenly matched that strategy mattered much more than usual. It was a battle of the coaches as much as the players.
Who's ready for another map 6?
Spark is a high-end underdog with a wholesome culture and limitless potential. It's an org that is 100% dedicated to winning the league. There is always some sense of problem-solving so you'll never be left utterly hopeless. Plus it's unique that it has active Chinese and Korean players in the main roster.
Guxue's Winston control is so beautiful. He always knows how to squeeze out that extra bit of damage to secure kills or build up primal quickly.
TELEPORTING MEI DOUBLE SHIELD DEATH BALL It's... beautiful. I've never seen such a nimble Symmetra comp.
THAT'S CLEAN OVERWATCH
Chara left the game. That's a disqualifcation. Spark wins the map.
thanx u 2 bby
Absolutely. You can stomp set strategies with enough of a skill advantage but that clearly isn't the case here (which is probably why replacing Adora was so crucial). You can tell Charge fell apart on the third round of Illios when they got forced out of their comfort strats.
BTW, if any Spark fans are interested, I hear Bazzi is doing very well in Valorant, standing toe to toe with high caliber CS pros.
They look way more confident with them! Like the crazy doomfist zarya Winston we saw against NYXL. So much commitment and measured gameplay.
This isn't even their final form. Spark has always been a slow team to make things work. Imagine how powerful they'll be in a few weeks.
Holy shit Charge are pissed lol
holy shit lol
Someone call a cyberneticist asap
The high ground isn't as obscene in any of the other assault maps. Volskaya has a couple good flank routes. Anubis has a lot of cover. Horizon got that rework...
lmao this observer just bobbing around
You have to admit, it's pretty exciting to have 4 close teams nipping at the heels of Shanghai. I think the tournament games will push these teams to their limits.
Shock, Dragons, Dynasty, Spark, Charge, Titans (RunAway squad), would have all been in the same division if not for COVID. Valiant, Glads, and Fuel would have been in there too. Jesus.
I heard the coach removed all of the S keys from their keyboards to teach them to never surrender
#What the hell is happening
Fleta: Y-you can't just boop my entire team!! yveltal: lucio gun go sproing 8)
You Just Got Chengdoomed
Cheng D. Uzone
'Punished Leave', a man without a victory.
Wow Team CC basically owns the Chinese contendies scene.
BRING BACK GEGURI!
This feels like such a throw. I honestly believe Chengdu has all the pieces, aside from a godly main tank, to be a top competitor. The coaching is just so whack.
The Great Unkoe Pause. Open up a history book, kid.
These Korean younglings will never become narcissistic gamer dads with shoddy internet. We need to get Comcast to expand into Korea ASAP so we can get them gamer-grade internet by Xfinity.
AutoWatch Finally we can play 0v0 GOATs
...of course...
Weird game and really anticlimactic because of the technical issues.
KSP always reminds me of the Korellian Secret Police from Asimov's Foundation novels.
I keep forgetting this is a hero pool. I'm kind of excited to see what changes after it ends.
I swear to God if this series ends with a 6 minute Hanamura B hold...
*"Going Free~"* *"I like this..."* god I love Echo's voice lines
Have these teams run Winston or Ball at all this game?
I was thinking more in terms of a normal comp
free saya
#Florida's first loss to a non-shock team in over 3 months
Shock usually just stomps bad teams into dust. They don't give a fuck. I do hope we'll see Super tho
I like how reddit thinks Shock's B-team is basically any lineup with Super lmao
Super used 2% at the end there. "Ok I'll end the map now."
Ans feels like that bored GM widow you end up in deathmatch waiting rooms with who humiliates your pathetic Tracer play with snap accurate aim. Except he does it to OWL players
Shock iN APAC would be insane. APAC teams are unapologetically tryhard.
Just wait till he runs for President in 30 years
Super calling out NA production BASED
We tried motivating them for 3 years with large paychecks and constructive criticism. It's time for a different approach.
That's interesting. Are Europeans actively discussing and engaging on these topics outside of the internet?
&gt; Debating in platforms with college kids is already tricky, because he controls when the kid can talk and can stop them when he pleases, and usually elicit a cheerful affirmative cry from the audience. Shapiro had Ezra Klein (Vox.com Editor-In-Chief) on his show a couple months ago. They discussed how difficult it is for right wing representatives like Shapiro to get left wing representatives on his show, due to left wing backlash. It was an honest interview where they challenged one another openly on a variety of topics. Events like these brings me to believe that Shapiro is indeed acting in good faith as a political pundit. Most of those clips where he 'destroys' college students are from question and answer sessions after his events. There is absolutely a performative aspect to them but they are in no way the 'debates' that you alleged them to be.
I guess they never miss huh? ;) I think it's hard to measure Logix because his team is so... challenged.
It will get worse over the next few decades. Covid-19 has accelerated the movement toward remote work. Automation will also be kicking into gear. You can guess how American demographics are going to shift and relocate themselves in relation to urban environments.
Grappler Baki
/u/djustinblake did this reply change your opinion? I am trying to see if direct evidence can change the opinions of reddit users.
You don't seem slow at all, friend. Good post.
!TMobileMVP Bren
&gt; What they don’t see is him actually creating space and assassinating the back line. Use a mic to send meat sounds through the internet.
A shitton of streamers are getting called out. xqc reaction: https://clips.twitch.tv/UnsightlyWittyDonutAliens
denial is par for the course when it comes to these sorts of matters
I hereby proclaim you the Dallas Fuel Fact Checker for the reason of the 2020 season.
Just say hyper bowl, Johnny. You know you want to.
Please don't leave this sub
How has your chemistry/friendship with Reinforce and Custa changed over the course of the season? Were there any surprises or challenges you found while working with them?
Did those casters from the hong kong incident ever get to return to their jobs?
You probably need a repaste. The hard part is finding a repair shop that handles these devices.
That was probably the case pre-New Grappler Baki. But after the convict arc rolled around it was clear the manga was becoming about more than dudes fighting.
https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/dallas-fuel/2020/04/09/dallas-fuels-harryhook-became-an-unexpected-catalyst-to-snapping-a-15-match-losing-streak/ HarryHook’s healing per 10 minutes on Lucio hit 6,773, good enough for ninth in OWL among Lucio players. **His standout statistic was that he was second in hero damage among Lucio players per 10 minutes,** with 5,291. He was the best Fuel performer in several other Lucio categories, too.
This is Fuel we're talking about. Remember how Seagull was only allowed to play D.va because Taimou had to poo?
When Bap came out it was like they made a hero just for Harryhook. Not sure why he never played him.
I thought my laptop was overheating but it's just classic OWL production. Every week, a new surprise. Bad audio? Bad observing? Time skips? Framerate lag? Cutting off the talent? hmm
Chengdu's biggest problem is the coaching. Change my mind.
someone in production moved the slider to "Best Performance" Pog
They have two co-head coaches lol
Relaxing Overwatch Headshot Tingles ASMR (feat. Happy)
JINMU. THE HERO HAS ARRIVED. ITS TIME FOR THE COMEBACK BOYS LETS GET HYPE CHENGDU ZONE HAS BEEN ACTIVATED AND CHARGE HAS ACCIDENTALLY DIPPED A TOE IN
super voice: CRONG STOP STOOOOOOOOOOPP
mental zoning emp bro
welcome
there is a god
Taimou and Ryujehong were better Winstons than Ating. Baconjack looked good. Out-sniped Happy. Jinmu looked good. Leave needs coaching badly. Lengsa and Elsa have no idea how to position defensively. Kyo forgets he is playing a multiplayer game, goes on solo quests. Chengdu is the Eastern Fuel
I am a 3200 SR Winston and I think I can primal better than Ating.
When he sniped the high ground translocator on Gibraltar B, holy shit lol. The dude's brain is spilling out of his ears.
It's the best comp for greedy winstons
Lol @ Plat Chat thinking Profit fell off the map. It's called a tactical suicide. Profit distracted Shanghai for a few seconds, allowing Fits to secure key kills. Ya'll are pathetic.
Yea you can't catch someone like Leejaegon with that shit
Get this on a t-shirt
Seoul is getting weird. Symm tp Bdosin trying to duel widow on Zen Mei backcap attempts hmm
Fuel
I thought he was talking about the voice chat segment
We all doubted London at the start of this season. Bunch of whomegaluls replacing the season 1 champs. Now they're capable of destroying most NA teams
I believe the term is Charles Entertainment Nine
Big difference in target prioritization strategy. Outlaws coaches definitely know not to underestimate BQB.
Thank god Linkzr got off ashe. He was doing nothing. Goes widow and immediately carries.
That was the worst amp matrix I've seen all season lmao
&gt; pull it out does this mean danteh wont be a mommy
idk if Genji is the problem. They're wasting ults and showing terrible positioning
Rawkus ??????? ????????????? HELLO?
Rawkus is their in-game leader apparently
What does that mean?
Hex felt a disturbance when 1000 /r/cow fans started screeching at his failure
/u/11th_Plague has promised to try Texas BBQ for the first time if Toronto loses this match, taking a break from his traditional diet of poutine, bacon (Translator's note: Bacon means Canadian Bacon in Canada) and all natural organic maple syrup.
What, you don't go FuckThatIKeepsItReal in real life?
Kariv just interrupted Doha's anime theme music
I don't get it. Toronto looked so much better in the dive mirror. Why keep trying the Hanzo, then the double shield Torb? This is like the toilet bowl of coaches.
Gotta deflect those mace swings
How many 5+ minute Hanamura B holds do we need to see before Blizzard changes this map? It happens in bronze, plat, GM, Contenders, OWL. This single point alone has wasted so many hours of potential human productivity.
I still think toronto is going to win this. getting reverse swept will be the most fuel thing ever
Unlooki t-storms. Call it a draw and move on.
Jerry's Demon Back is going to appear soon
Dalton got deleted so hard, that was practically a jump scare.
Boston look damn good after the break. You can tell they are desperate to not be a bottom feeder team anymore. They play like they really want it. You have to respect that.
I am so proud that these lads were able to join the OWL and live out the American (Canadian) Dream. I have always believed that some of us were put on this Earth for a reason. In the Vancouver Titans' case, that reason is to win at video games. This is the team. This is the year. This is the dynasty. San Francisco, watch your backs.
Space rocked Ttuba like 5 times in that single round.
I hope he got a bathtub full of money
I think he misplaced his bubble, possibly missed the high ground entirely.
Being an OWL fan and suffering name a better duo
Echo probably
take a shit and we'll be in the next game
That was winnable as heck
Where is Guxue Is he safe is he all right
STILL. NOT. BITTEN.
jesus I can't believe they didnt get 4 points there
Spark lost A to London the same way. Pushing too far up...
NO NO **NOOOOOOOO**
Shanghai could squeeze peanut butter out of a fish. It makes no damn sense.
That and coaching/teamwork difference
The Echo is not going to have as much point presence so its a lot easier for Shanghai to get set up and dominate.
Teams might have to go crazy unorthodox to throw off Shanghai. I don't think you can mirror them and win. The only way is to force them out of their comfort zone and disrupt their insanely high level of play. They simply have too much teamwork and too much collective game sense.
Leave is in tryhard mode. Time for a good old fashioned Chengdu upset
wtf why didn't Chengdu reset lmao They just commit all ults at 75%, 4v6
I heard the coach swapped their Q and S keybinds to teach them great bravery
Kyo likes dying first
I think the dps duos are pretty close right now among these teams, at least in terms of mechanical skill. Fleta and Lips just have better timing, teamwork, and discipline. It's hard to truly shut them down because they never feel the need to go ham.
Can't be bad at something if you never do it in the first place
hell yeah
Crong's shield dancing to avoid freeze is ludicrous lol
That's fair. Just don't add ketchup or the nearest visible Chicagoan will run toward you.
Season 1 MVP for a reason
dam I wanted to see blizzard world
Only the power of family values can ferry NYXL through
**Off Tank Difference**
Hotbad heh
The production has no rules. That's why there are glaring inconsistencies between NA and KR games. Ever notice how the NA games have the teams' game wins and losses, but KR doesn't?
I love Sigma but Orisa is a serious snoozer. Remove her and this meta might be pretty awesome.
Whoever started that replay, and whoever failed to cancel it, is not qualified to be employed by Activision Blizzard as an observer of a major Tier 1 eSport.
what do you mean trisiton
I fear for his desk
I think nanoblade is a pretty cool guy. Eh kills Boston uprising and doesn't afraid of anything.
That's ans-sama to the likes of you
I didn't fit the Japanese/Asian/Samoan elements in my rant because I'm still thinking about them. They were some of the best sections of the book. Wang-mu is the best character.
&gt; The series as a whole is very much about compassion for the 'other' What impresses me is how the series expresses how all-encompassing that compassion ought to be. From a completely incommunicable alien species, to your own stubborn sibling. To yourself, even. It's needed everywhere. We need it everywhere. That message has never been more relevant. &gt; The chapter with the discussion about the midlevel Japanese officers actually providing the impetus for WWII was kind of interesting but I think I'd rather have seen something else done with the space. That was in the afterword, unless you mean the idea's application via the philosopher Hikari and the Japanese 'Necesserians'.
