Adapting written works to film isn't "unoriginal" it's the fertile field film has always grown from. Writing a book is cheap, staging a play is less cheap, making a film is expensive. Ideas and stories filter up and are selected from these vast factories of art and ideas.
For some reason a lot of people forget that providing venture capital is supposed to be *risky*. That's kind of the whole point. Great risk for great reward.
"We" wouldn't. 99% of audiences aren't going to movies they don't know anything about. And studios get almost all of their money from ticket sales in the few weeks of release so all of their incentives are to try to get people wanting to see a movie its opening weeks.
From what I read 10 Cloverfield Lane was originally a script with a different title completely unrelated to the Cloverfield movies. They wedged in the connection to the Cloverfield "franchise" later.
Writing a screenplay is cheap. But you don't learn what people think about it until you spend all the money to make it into a movie. The book can be put out there in the world to see what people think about it for next to nothing.
"Santa's not real. We still love opening his presents." -- Rick Castle
&gt; Everyone is saying how it doesn't hinder the experience nor gets in the way, but that's only now, what about in the future? In the future, we can object if there are reasons to object. Object today to the reasons for objecting today.
https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/slippery-slope Shitty DLC: There has always been shitty DLC and there will always be shitty DLC. DLC is art and some art is always shitty, and some is great, and most is somewhere in between. It was true a thousand years ago and it's true today and it will be true in a thousand years. Paid mods: Where are you seeing paid mods "everywhere"? Attempts at it have been fairly miserable failures. And even if it wasn't, why is mod creators receiving compensation for long hours of hard work automatically a bad thing? Microtransactions: This very discussion is about a game that has microtransactions but everyone agrees they are optional and not required and even a waste of money that are not required for playing the game.
The person that almost certainly needs to be fired is the person that hired him, and then fired him, but gets to stay. At least for one more year.
Taskmaster’s entire premise is a character based on “gotta win syndrome”. He’s a much less interesting Batman.
I'm not sure why you're denying a logical fallacy with a project management technique, but okie doke.
My action movie pet peeve is how often people are knocked unconscious with no lingering effects, and just how trivially everyone is able to perfectly knock a person unconscious with a single blow without killing them.
Huskies are just the biggest goofballs.
Wouldn't Rowling have to permit that?
And a 30% chance of not having it. Out of a million people, 300,000 human beings wont have that trait. Consequently, important decisions should not be made based on that assumption. Important decisions should be made by confirming said trait or lack of it individually.
I thought JP3 was at least better than JP2, but none hold a candle to the original for sure.
I hated it from the moment it became clear that Snyder decided Pa Kent was the kind of person who would tell Clark to let people die to protect himself. Ultimately the entire movie is about the people Clark lets die, or actively kills. Someone who thinks a Superman story is about rampant death has never read Superman stories. Also that goddam Russel Crowe Jor-El hologram...
He doesn't turn back time, he travels back in time.
&gt; Midichlorians shit on the essence of Star Wars so badly it just hasn't been the same Which is interesting, because Lucas wrote Midichlorians into Star Wars in the 70s. They just got cut out of the first movie and didn't get mentioned in the next two.
Most of the examples given aren't teachers, they're administrators.
I mean, at least it's not something completely canonical and believable like "a child with untrained force powers can be a master space fighter pilot". It's fascinating to me how some people will write off any impossible act as "the force" when a boy does it, but not when a girl does it.
He's credited as a writer on Chronicle. That's probably the best-known thing he has a writing credit on, for what that's worth.
But that's not how jobs are valued, jobs are values by how the demand stacks up against the supply. There are 10s of thousands more people willing to be teachers than there are willing to be garbagemen.
Go back 100 years and talk to coal miners about how unions "artificially reduce supply to push up wages".
Yes, equally bad places. The places with low rents are all the bad places.
People in rural counties *CAN* pump their own gas. It is not required, and many rural stations are insisting they will keep pumping gas for people.
Yes what better job for a felon than one where they are in an isolated area alone late at night. There are other jobs that need to be done. We don't need to pay people to do jobs that don't need to be done.
And they don't experience pleasure from eating, and they don't eat socially (no way you can follow systematic rules in group dining settings, other than just not eating and sitting there while everyone else eats).
This is exactly not what the report says these people do. It says they eat the same size meals at the same times every day, after every day, after every day, forever.
The citation is the release date of the next Half-Life game. AKA, there is not one, and there will not be one because Valve has abandoned single-player games.
Nope. WoW was released 13 years ago, still going strong. UO's position in the market 13 years after release was...not even close.
Almost every Godzilla movie has been geared towards children.
I remember him from San Francisco though.
He gave up on her after losing her own son to the dark side. (And she gave up on Ben too, just redevoted herself to political work. She believed there was “still good in him” but she wasn’t doing anything about it.)
&gt; Plus, that kind of opens up another discussion about Rey, who I really want to like but after two movies she's had much less character development than Luke did in just the first film. She's just kind of magically already good at everything she attempts to do That is such utter horseshit, there's nothing she is any magically better at than Luke or Anakin, especially with Luke's near-zero amount of training both before Yoda and after abandoning Yoda mid-training. But because she's got tits the things she does are impossible to believe.
Isn’t there a lot of cultural components to this? Like I had been warned that in Sweden it was considered unseemly to claim to be good at/better at things than other people. Is this research for one specific culture or does it apply to people in China and Africa and hunter-gatherer tribes in the Amazon, etc?
Tolkien's Dwarves in The Hobbit are basically a bunch of comically oafish cowardly greedy little people.
They had film rights to make films based on Lord of the Rings (which they already did) and The Hobbit *AND* the additional notes and appendices that were published with The Hobbit and Lord Of The Rings, so when adapting The Hobbit they also added material from those notes and appendices (things like the confrontation with the Necromancer and other things). Plus they added some new stuff just for the movie because THIS PRETTY MUCH ALWAYS HAPPENS IN EVERY ADAPTATION OF EVERY BOOK EVER SINCE THE CREATION OF FILM. The LOTR trilogy added stuff not in the books too, we all seem to have forgotten in our rush to hate The Hobbit films which we are for some reason shocked are similar to the Lord of the Rings films when made by the guy that made the Lord of the Rings films that everyone loved. Basically they used every scrap of material they were licensed to adapt into film. Everything else from Tolkien (Silmarillion, etc) are not and at this point likely will never be eligible for adaptation until at least a generation or two if his children die off, or the works enter public domain like they goddam should.
&gt; I... kind of strongly disagree because I think believability is key to being good fiction of any kind This really isn't supported by the history of classic fiction and what are widely considered to be the greatest works of fiction. Many classic works of fiction have highly unbelievable aspects.
Maybe you don’t want DOTA’s toxic community.
It's pretty reductive but I suspect grading by IBU would match most with how the trends shift with seasons, while also showing how certain styles like IPAs stay dominant year round.
My favorite used to be the person that refused to drink "dark" beers because they're too bitter.
You can take an Amtrak out of Chicago in multiple directions every day. Hell I just got back from several days in rural Wisconsin and that was just a few hour drive.
Also...are they trying to convince millennials that commuting to work is better in a state with almost no public transit?
It's like nobody remembers that sailing exists.
I live in Chicago and I spend about 50 minutes per work day on the train to/from the loop.
Yeah, poor Last Jedi with it's measly $1.2 BILLION dollars in sales, an A grade from audiences via CinemaScore, and 96% fresh rating and avg 8.1/10 from top critics. Such a miserable failure.
It is surprisingly docile if wild, even being close to death.
Over 9.5 million people have not been killed in Chicago since 2001.
How many hundreds of thousands of victims have had their lives ruined over the years with no justice or concern from anyone? Now, all of a sudden when so many are coming forward, suddenly everyone is concerned about maybe a few of the accused might be innocent.
Nope, nobody pays attention to awards show either.
My dog prefers not to poop on the precious grass in the back yard, so he poops on the walkways instead. I always have to remember to scan the path ahead for mines when taking the trash out.
Whole milk in the US is also fortified with vitamin D (because so many children were getting rickets in the 1900s).
"Some historians think he was born in Haiti . Other think he was born in Quebec" does not make the statement that he was born in Haiti "a bit of fiction". It just makes it a disputed fact.
Fun fact: Night At The Museum was written by Thomas Lennon and Robert Garant, two of the guys from Reno 911. They've made pretty good money for themselves writing film scripts. They even wrote a book called [Writing Movies For Fun and Profit](https://www.amazon.com/Writing-Movies-Fun-Profit-Billion/dp/1439186766) about the business of writing and selling movie scripts.
This is THE way, especially for those cupcakes that pile way too much frosting on top such that if you don't do this every bite is either all frosting or all cake, but not both.
Doesn't look that harmless from the video.
They're okay voting together so they better be okay being lumped together.
Scandinavian countries are extremely devoted to preserving culture and tradition, so even liberal/progressive/socialist societies can have this attitude.
It's possible the gym teacher is not an accurate reporter.
Which is amazing that JL cost more because DS is basically non-stop CGI of almost everything on screen.
In many cases downtown every given Starbucks essentially exists to serve the people in the building they are in, any additional walk-in business is just a bonus.
Exactly this. I've been told most Starbucks (and other similar businesses) in most buildings downtown exist primarily to service the residents of that building, because people won't go outside to the one in the building across the street.
Doesn't actually matter. We would need to compare it to how many died from these deadly icy roads no one is prepared for.
Lol 9-year lease. What a doof.
* Godzilla vs Megalon * Hobgoblins * Thepumaman
You've convinced me. Marijuana is legal everywhere already, given the overwhelming support for it by people with political power.
That's not what Republicans say about their policies.
That's not the problem. This is the problem: https://slate.com/business/2018/01/a-new-theory-for-why-americans-cant-get-a-raise.html
There is some data: https://slate.com/business/2018/01/a-new-theory-for-why-americans-cant-get-a-raise.html
Well since the incentive being offered to Amazon is based on employee salaries, if they downsize or don't hire people they also don't get their money.
That death is historical. They died that way in real life, more or less.
The usual reason people hate restaurants: because the food sucks.
As a long-time MST3K watcher who has rewatched original episodes countless times, I also had that hard-to-explain sensation that in host segments it didn't feel like the Satellite and Moon 13 were talking to each other, but just completely recorded separately at different times in different places. What's weird is the original show would have filmed those segments separately too, I assume, but it doesn't *feel* like it.
Bonobos absolutely have sex for non-procreative reasons because they have homosexual sex and oral sex all the time.
So because you don't think the jokes are funny, that's why they're not jokes that people reasonably make in tense moments? Every tense war room situation I've ever been in, people have been cracking dumb jokes periodically, even with millions of dollars of revenue on the line.
The Federal government insisting on maintaining a contrary position in opposition to overwhelming scientific evidence? That's unpossible!
Son, you just don't know how to tell a joke.
Ideally, it allows the system to algorithmically send elevators to where they are needed in the most efficient way for everyone.
It was a joke, he had already pushed the button outside. :)
&gt; Feature:Sexy Suitable for:Adult Lady/school girl Product Type Costumes Costumes Type animal Costume Supply Type In-Stock Items Gender Women Feature Fancy Dresses Brand Name Lover-Beauty
What were the sales of 1 vs 2 vs 3? That's what they care about.
ME1 &gt; ME2 improves the game in almost every way, streamlining the tedious crap away and putting more focus on the story and companion interactions. Almost nothing took me out of the game in ME1 more than stopping every 10 minutes to sort the 38 nearly-identical rifles I'd picked up. Yes it's more RPG-like, but it's one of the shittiest aspects of the classic RPG trope. I'm not roleplaying a hoarder, walking around with 78 weapons in my pants. Keeping the story moving should matter more. Assassin's Creed had a similar evolution too, where AC2 was largely an improved streamlined experience knocking off the rough edges of its predecessor, gameplay-wise.
Her ruling was emotionless. She spoke her true feelings, mirroring the feelings of many people, and she still followed the law in her ruling. *That's* what following the law is about. Following it because it's the law, not because you are a robot.
Wifi absolutely does not pinpoint you to the exact spot you are standing in a store at a given time, at least not the level of technology available to retail businesses at affordable prices. Yes, they can see you're in the store. Yes, they can possible even sense vaguely what side of a small store you're on. No they can't tell that you stood looking at this endcap for 10 seconds, then walked to that clothing display where you looked for 45 seconds. That's the kind of analytics retailers really crave.
And it has the giant words "WILLIS TOWER" on the side at street level, at least on one side.
Why have pride in a failed company that isn't even in that building and didn't pay to keep and maintain it?
And the Mart is not in the loop. But in the Mart's defense, it has more square footage of space than the Tower does.
It's helpful, sometimes, in some situations. What's not helpful is if someone keeps jumping on and off the grill constantly. When you've got orders backed up the thing you need most is consistency, people in "the zone" just cranking orders out as fast as they can. In a really busy situation like that, the manager often has to stop and deal with issues constantly, with other parts of the store, with customers, with cashiers, etc. So in those cases, it's actually best when the manager recognizes where they are providing the most value, rather than making things actually worse for the people in the kitchen just for a show of solidarity.
But the Cinemascore rating, which is a scientifically conducted poll of confirmed audience members, is an A-. Draw your own conclusions about how it's possible that an audience score which can be voted on by anyone an unlimited amount of times is lower than the scores by verified critics and audience members.
I loved The Last Jedi and I enjoyed everything in Canto Blight *except* the dumb stampede through the casino. (Not the whole stampede, literally just the part through the casino. It just looks silly, doesn't make sense, and doesn't matter to the story.) That just stands out like a sore thumb as a prequel-level stumble.
&gt; It's Disney. Nothing less expected. Everything is a masterpiece. Everything is highly entertaining and commercial. Creative geniuses with stories like TLJ, POTC 6, THOR, etc. How could anyone not love them? Pirates 6 has a 30% rotten tomato score.
Almost nobody at high levels expected the sequel to outperform TFA. TFA was the first Star Wars film in decades, TLJ is the start of a Star Wars film every year cycle. High praise from critics, high box office, and high cinemascore audience ratings. TLJ did fine.
So you would claim that the Cinemascore rating of A- represents the scientifically accurate rating of "heavily invested" Star Wars fans? That all the haters online represent the opinions of non-fans? And the prequels did have good Cinemascores and the prequels did also perform very well at the box office. We have to agree whether we're talking about whether audiences like a film, or if critics do. Cinemascore represents what audiences think. Audiences did like the prequels. Most people who saw them didn't spend the rest of their lives grumbling about them. Only the most obsessed Star Wars fans did. To my younger siblings the prequels are still their favorite Star Wars movies.
&gt; You can't just toss out plot threads from the previous film when you're dealing with the second installment in a trilogy that is itself already built on an established franchise. So you agree that it *did not* give you what you expected.
Not exactly accurate, reviewers can label their reviews "Fresh" or "Rotten" somewhat unrelated to their score. See the case of Ladybird losing it's perfect 100% when a critic gave it a B- score which normally would count as fresh but he also marked it as Rotten when he submitted that score to RT. But since you raise the point of average ratings: Blade Runner RT average rating: 8.2/10 Last Jedi RT average rating: 8.1/10
What is your source there? What RT says right now is: 8.2/10 Blade Runner 2049 8.2/10 War For The Planet Of The Apes, The Last Jedi
Honestly I understand how younger people today have never heard of it but I'm baffled how someone who grew up in the 80s could not know of it. It was a staple of video rental stores.
Well by that measure Wonder Woman stabbed a dude through the chest.
You might want to double-check the life expectancy of professional wrestlers.
Even the chubby-looking ones hit the gym every day and do lots of cardio.
You said he violated Federal law. What does that have to do with being Teflon in Chicago politics?
I assume it means some kind of season-long story arc and less individual one-off host sketches.
They also need a large cash commitment up front often for rights to big name movies for the live shows.
I just didn’t do that. I watched one episode every week or two.
The idea of the god of war being a nebbish British bureaucrat was actually brilliant. They just messed it up a bit by then putting him in ridiculous armor and having a superhero fight.
Nobody else cared when the giant robot thing was attacking in Thor, and neither when the Dark Elves were attacking in Dark World.
So that's one.
Who forced lenders to lend loans? Why are you obsessed with "FORCE"? The lender is the one who profits from a loan, the lender is the one who assumes the risk of a loan. The due diligence required is incumbent on the lender.
When one side of a transaction has significantly more power, and the backing of the state behind them, they bear the responsibility. And yes, perhaps some people lied, but many of those people were also lied *to*.
You'd be wrong. The customer is only getting the money under a mountain of laws and regulations and can have the power of the state used to have their home taken away and wages garnished for not paying the money back.
Reasonable for an educated person maybe. For an uneducated person who is being explained to how the loan will help bring wealth to their family? Maybe not.
Which makes their behavior as lenders even more fraudulent.
They can do that to any store. Nothing special about the Amazon store to being more vulnerable to a sudden mob of looters.
I sort of assumed there was some plan to have him show up again in a later movie after his mouth is cut free again (which is shown in the Wolverine post\-credits). But I still had no idea what they intended to do about him having cyclops laser eye beams.
Pro\-diversity != "forced" diversity. If you're presumption is that the only way diversity happens is by force, that says more about you and your feelings about diverse candidates being less qualified.
Except it turns out the majority of them are white males.
I like how you've managed to miss the point of the last several years.
&gt; Let's dispense first of all with the silly notion that mandating diversity hires is the only way to make diversity "happen" "Mandating diversity hires" and "making hiring executives accountable for diversity" are not the same thing.
Lol nice. I’m a racist because I quoted Google’s own diversity report. Keep up the good work, comrade.
The blockbuster releases also feel super saturated this year, with Infinity War and Deadpool and Solo all coming so close together among others. I think at some point people just don't feel like going to the movies that often.
If you don't think Alden Ehrenreich has charisma you should go see Hail, Caesar!
And often a way to introduce a weird shifting platforming segment in a somewhat more reality\-based game. Also sometimes a way to do a lot of shorthand story exposition about character's pasts.
Wasn't the idea that the heavy troops were wearing cortosis weave armor which canonically is resistant to light sabers?
R2D2 being another prominent droid that has never been wiped, which is known to lead to personality quirks.
Lol having a first love is “emotional handicapping”.
What's amazing is Solo has an A\- cinemascore, and Oceans 8 has a D\+. Audiences statistically hate Oceans 8 and liked Solo.
&gt;I think the whole prequel thing with established characters who we know how their arc will end are the real problem. There is no real tension or drama because Han Solo and Chewie will live. I don't understand this. I've watched A New Hope dozens of times. I know exactly what will happen to everyone. That doesn't suddenly make it a bad movie just because I know people won't die.
For very brief values of "battle".
&gt;EDIT: I may be able to convince the tenants to let me in, but its also really easy to get to the backyard from the alley, its very unsecured It's also trespassing, possibly vandalism depending on what you do. Yes, it's stupid but the law doesn't allow you to just break the law because someone else is breaking the law. Just get a high quality mosquito trap (the kind fueled by CO2) and put it near your edge of the property.
Isn’t he also called Gypsum?
I just wish I could turn off the red light camera alerts. I stop at red lights. I don’t need this information.
SFO does not at all pull right up to the Terminal. Edit: People telling me about the international terminal...guess which terminal I'm not using when I fly between SFO and Chicago?
Guess which terminal I'm not using when flying between SFO and Chicago?
It's because the power dynamics in those situations are not equal. If a woman tells me I look nice I know she's no threat to me. I can say thanks and she probably won't push it farther, and even if she does I'm not at risk of harm. If a man tells a woman she looks nice she has no idea what his intentions are, where that could be going, how he will react if she smiles and says thanks, or doesn't smile and say thanks. Countless women have had countless episodes of harassment start with "You look nice".
Yes some people raise children well, and some don't.
I'm fascinated that you think the only option to do anything with your life is to work behind a desk. You could run a charity that feeds the homeless, or rescues pets, or provides water, or cures diseases. You could write, or paint, or sculpt, or act, or play music. You could teach or train, you could use your wealth to invest in entrepreneurs. Or you could just lay somewhere and eat and shit until you die, providing no help or benefit to anyone around you. The point is Stan's daughter isn't doing any of those things. She's just consuming his money and providing nothing to the society around her.
&gt; What were the Valarians doing there? The "Bellerians" were added in post-production because the movie was too short: &gt; The sequences with the Bellerians were added in post-production after the initial cut of the movie came in too short. Neither [David Winters](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0935916) nor [Neal Sundstrom](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0839237) wanted to come back to direct the sequences, so [David A. Prior](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0697935) was hired to direct them instead.
The Belarians were added post-production because the film came in too short.
As someone who spent years working in IT skipping breakfast but still put on tons of weight, it definitely requires more attention to your diet than just "skip breakfast".
There are a few months during Summer when I'm likely to want to see 2 mainstream release movies per month, but that's not true for most months of the year.
And set up a complicated horse-trading ring for tickets rather than just, you know, buying them.
This is my favorite part, all the people pontificating on how it obviously can't work, when we literally see it working.
Many disabled people need them, and metal straws are dangerous for people with lack of movement control.
People that can afford to live in those North Side neighborhoods are not nearly as crippled by lack of nearby frequent rapid transit. They drive, they take Ubers, they have flexible enough schedules or changing facilities at work to use Divvy bikes, etc. Vast swaths of the south and southwest sides have no CTA station within walking distance. Some of the "nicer" neighborhoods have only Metra stations with schedules that are only practical for 9-5 office workers and which are more expensive.
Inner city gun violence doesn’t scare the country. White suburban people’s children aren’t threatened by inner city gun violence. It’s an entirely 100% different problem than mass shootings, and the constant attempts to deflect mass shooting discussions to inner city violence are disingenuous and transparent.
This has not been happening in Beverly where we currently have three competing dockless bike services. (And the city never gave us Divvy bikes.)
I had no idea how great adaptive cruise control was until I got a new car.
I left with nothing and never looked back too. I also had quite a bit of luck along the way that didn't force me back home, or homeless. We're not the usual case.
Why did homo sapiens need to leave Africa? For lots of reasons, not the least of which is travel broadens the mind.
Congratulations on your anecdotes. My grandfather smoked multiple packs of cigarettes a day his entire life and never got cancer.
Property taxes are lower in Chicago than in the surrounding suburbs.
Do you mean geographical areas? Because that's the worst problem. Most of the guns used to commit crimes in Chicago come from Indiana.
It's an interesting book, but it's important to not treat it as gospel, it's one man's version of the region. There are others from the same region who criticize his observations.
They still need cooks, and people to clean. Just because people aren't standing behind the register doesn't mean people aren't still doing work.
If Target services the community and pays employees better and provides better benefits, then good for Target.
It’s almost like when you work on a team you succeed or fail as a team. Plus lets not bullshit around, 95% of people in salaried jobs aren’t being paid based on their “productivity” but based on a host of other factors, mostly what their salary was at their previous job and how pushy they are at salary negotiations. Corps are full of less productive people who make more money than their more productive peers.
Yup, look out only for yourself and slit the throats of anyone who doesn't measure up, until the day when you don't measure up anymore either.
You're welcome to disagree, I've been observing the quality and effectiveness of employee performance reviews and rewards for about 30 years at a dozen different companies so I've seen how entirely unrelated to actual employee productivity they usually are. They reward bullshitters, extroverts, people who can cleverly manipulate their goals to be more achievable rather than challenging, people who are better at writing about themselves. They emphasize "project" accomplishments and diminish the importance and value to the business of important but boring maintenance work, thus disincentivizing that work from being done, or at least being done well. They reward the "old boys" network and throw scraps to everyone else. This idea that non-union jobs are some mythical Utopian pure meritocracy is one of the most pervasive falsehoods in business today.
Clementine?
And yet career Republicans support him, no matter what he does or says, for no reason besides he's currently in the same party as them.
What has Trump not gotten away with?
Democrats famously turn on each other, have you not been paying attention? This whole thread is about a Democrat who was just ousted by Democrat voters for a Democratic Socialist. You understand those arent the same thing right?
Individuals negotiating for themselves does not reward the most productive laborers. Individual coal miners in the 1800s could negotiate for themselves too.
There are Democratic Socialist governments all over Europe. They’re not doing that.
Same can be said about any for-profit business.
Dormant brain cancer is the best kind.
There did not seem to be any scavengers in "the circle of life" that I recall.
Wasn't this the studio that essentially served as a training ground for new animators?
Why don't Germans enjoy the taste of beer? Maybe they should try an ale.
And don’t forget the Zipcar and such models for people who just need cars sometimes.
This is a specially trained Great Dane from the Service Dog Project acting as a stability dog. (They consider Danes optimal for this due to their size and temperament.) https://www.servicedogproject.org/ They have more or less 24/7 webcams running in various parts of their property. https://explore.org/livecams/service-dog-project/great-danes-indoor-room-puppy-cam When their dogs are giving birth they will often live-stream that as well.
You can check your order at the drive-through and it is almost always faster than the counter, especially if they're busy and start de-prioritizing counter orders to keep the drive-through moving.
Yes honestly if this research gets out my friends who eat royal jelly all the time are just going to start eating even more of it with even more smug looks on their faces.
But she's actually a comic book demon slayer! https://www.comixology.com/Harriet-Tubman-Demon-Slayer-1/digital-comic/513324
Mufasa: Look, Simba, all creatures are part of the great circle of life. Simba: What about those hyenas over there? Mufasa: Fuck those guys. Nobody eats other animals except US.
&gt; As the economic/technological leader of the past half century But that's increasingly no longer true, and most American workers have been suffering stagnant wages and rising costs for decades. You're not going to convince those workers that they should sacrifice even more for the good of some people somewhere else, especially people with secure jobs, safety nets, and healthcare.
Most likely the real answer will be "It's complicated."
Mother Knows Best is among the all-time top Disney villain songs. Up there with Poor Unfortunate Souls and Be Prepared.
&gt; Which leads us to the question, do we connect less with the 3D animation I don't know, how many tears were streaming down my face in Toy Story 3? Or in the beginning of Up? Or at the end of Coco? How much did I connect with Wall-E alone on earth?
Especially when the "news" people uncover on twitter is old news that has been addressed and apologized for repeatedly in the past. "WELL WE WANT YOU TO APOLOGIZE AGAIN!" Yeah well fuck off.
&gt; who's to say who SI was selling to 60 years earlier Maybe the fact that literally at that time Stark was working directly with the SSR to fight the nazis?
It's interesting one of your examples is the GOTG rebranding of Tower of Terror because that has (prior to this GIF) some of the best anomatronics I've ever seen. I believe Disney actually won awards for how good that Rocket animatronic is.
And “whores”
Where do you think that joke comes from if not from a place of truth? He legitimately and seriously does not want his son to be gay, hence the joke about how far he would go to prevent it
I made no comment about what % steam "deserves". Just responded to the statement that they just "run some servers".
For real, I had really bad acid reflux that I didn't even know about because I wasn't getting the heartburn symptoms, but my dentist diagnosed it and told me to see a doctor. It was already starting to damage my esophagus but getting it under control helped it recover. My dentist may well have saved me from getting throat cancer.
Or just a generally untidy house and doesn't like the stress/effort of needing to go through and clean the whole house for a visitor. When I was a kid, I learned to guess when we had someone coming over because my mom would start cleaning and straightening the house thoroughly. Eventually I would ask "Who's coming over?" when she started cleaning, which really annoyed her. "Just because I'm cleaning doesn't mean someone is coming over!" But then someone would come over. :)
This time I was punched in the mouth was the least painful time I have been punched in the mouth by far.
Unless you believe that some ethnic groups are genetically superior, diversity means you are more likely hiring the most qualified. If you're office is mostly white/male/whatever, odds are good you have "lowered the bar" for white candidates without realizing it. https://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/workplace-gender-quotas-incompetence-efficiency-business-organisations-london-school-economics-lse-a7797061.html &gt; Gender quotas increase the competence of organisations by leading to the displacement of mediocre men, a new study has found. &gt; The research counters one of the key arguments often put forward against the introduction of minimum quotas to promote equality in the workplace: that such targets are unmeritocratic. &gt; While some claim targets for the inclusion of underrepresented groups lead to the promotion of individuals that do not deserve it, economists at the London School of Economics found that the reverse is true. Quotas can work to weed out incompetent men. There is nobody and nowhere where hiring decisions are bias-free. Everyone that thinks "I hire purely based on who is the most qualified and nothing else" are likely to be the most biased, because they refuse to recognize that they even have bias.
Even if you're not opposed to the idea of more taxes to cover our excessive debt obligations, taxes like this are incredibly regressive to the poor.
Can I have my tax money that goes to military spending back so I can donate it to transit projects?
&gt; Chicagoans would rather take a break and enjoy a meal sitting down inside instead of grabbing something to go and eating it while rushing to the next place That is what any civilized person would prefer. You don't have enough time in your day to eat a fucking hot dog standing still you need to seriously re-examine your life.
&gt; We like to think that but I never see someone walking down the street eating a hot dog. Walk down the street eating a Chicago dog and you'll just leave a mess. Also maybe people in some cities sit down and eat like humans rather than scampering down sidewalks scarfing it down like starving dogs.
Maybe the problem is people need to stop moving into already overcrowded neighborhoods and instead we should be incentivizing development in other neighborhoods that need it more and which can absorb the growth.
Dear lord, my walk to work every day has to pass under tracks in the loop and the screeching of those wheels on the tracks is deafening.
It has more to do with Netflix canceling Luke Cage without warning, which pissed Disney off.
Brave, the Oscar winning film? Cars, one of the most popular films with young boys they've ever made?
Could the purpose be to...raid...tombs?
But there's like...four.
The_Not_too_Distant_Future NextSundayAD
So he’s not like Miles from the comics?
The unabridged audio book of the hobbit is 11 hours, fwiw. Though that doesn’t include the notes and appendices that were also incorporated into the movies.
Granted I haven’t been in every sorts venue in the world but Soldier Field has the absolute worst concessions of anywhere I’ve ever been, both in terms of quality and the utterly glacial speed of the service.
We can obviously list billions of worse low-budget/independent movies, but there are even far worse big budget movies. The Avengers (1998) with Sean Connery, Uma Thurman, and Ralph Fiennes, may be the worst major release film I've ever seen. FAR worse than Twilight.
This clip isn't about the Oscars.
Lol that response is race-baiting bullshit. "The south side parks are in bad shape because black people are vandals, not like us white people up north."
That is utterly absurd that insipid Charlie Brown special would beat Muppet Christmas Carol. There are only three great Christmas films: 1. How The Grinch Stole Christmas (the original) 2. Muppet Christmas Carol 3. Hogfather
In the ME3 ending you see the relays being rebuilt.
Perhaps some sort of...Green New Deal???
The first time I tasted actual Turkish Delight was such a let down. I could never again understand why that kid would do anything for that garbage candy.
“Verified reports of child physical abuse” Edit: fixed misquote
They should be, when they're more likely to be harmed by more invasive testing than they are to have cancer.
Some folks think if you're gonna go, you might as well go down swingin'. Rage against the dying of the light, as it were.
Nope, not according to the research.
Nope. Not for black neighborhoods. Gentrifiers won't move where black people are. https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/2014/08/08/338831318/chicago-neighborhoods-that-are-too-black-resist-gentrification
"Not the same thing" and "still not appropriate" are simultaneously true. The word's history is still raw. It's still hurtful and emotional for black people to hear it coming from white mouths. One's use of language should be considerate of one's audience and how they will receive it, what it will make them feel regardless of what you *want* them to feel.
Please tell us why those areas suffer from endemic violence.
Agreed. I'm still mourning the end of Filmspotting:Streaming Video Unit.
The real best answer to this question is "Any popular movie with a RT score above 90%". It just inevitably brings out the worst.
For me it's this movie, the original Grinch Who Stole Christmas, and the miniseries of Terry Pratchett's Hogfather.
NFC is a good suggestion as they have food-grade C02. It's worth paying attention to whether one needs "food-grade" CO2 (ie if you're using it for homebrewing). Lots of people use regular industrial CO2 and it's usually fine, they're often from the same plants, but you really shouldn't. &gt; The slight difference between industrial-grade CO2 and food-grade CO2 is the type of tests that are done to qualify CO2 as beverage or beer gas-grade compared to industrial-grade. Currently, the FDA's requirement for food-grade CO2 a 99.90% purity rating. The other .09% is made up of impurities such as hydrocarbons or nitrogen. Industrial grade CO2 is 99% pure CO2, also containing impurities such as hydrocarbons or nitrogen. &gt; One impurity that all homebrewers should be aware of is benzene. Benzene is a no-no for homebrewers. If the CO2 that you are purchasing has high benzene levels, it will leave you and fellow drinkers with terrible headaches. When I say high levels, we are not talking about much. Benzene is usually an impurity that is referred to in PPB. The benzene level should be around 20 PPB.
&gt; There are 3 LoTR books of course, but in terms of movies they are equal Lord of the Rings was actually six books. Three volumes of two books each.
He's "hugging" it with his teeth!
Yes, there are countless studies on success rates of dieting and weight loss plans, the success rates for all of them are terrible.
It highlights that this fact is useless. Like being told you can cure cancer by living on the moon. Maybe it's true, but it doesn't matter. We need solutions that work for a lot of people, not just technical solutions that would work for some people if they could do it.
&gt; and someone from the left that did something bad like sexual harassment Liberals forced Al Franken to resign. We know exactly what Liberals would do because we've seen it.
&gt; Where does a socially progressive libertarian sit? Where do they exist? How can you be libertarian and also in favor of using centralized government resources and taxation to create a more fair and just world for everyone?
Plus it had less Walter.
The study is just about whether liberals/conservatives "condemn" the perpetrators. Not about whether one has to be worse than the other. * Liberals equally condemned Bill O'Reilly and Harvey Weinstein for sexual harassment. * Conservatives were much less likely to condemn their own in-group (O'Reilly). * Conservatives were also less concerned about sexual harassment than liberals. You don't have to think O'Reilly's actions are "equal" to simply condemn them. Murder is worse than punching someone in the mouth, but I can condemn both actions.
Almost everything we judge films on is subjective though. There's no "objective" number to score which films are better than other films.
I think it's telling that so many people that don't like superhero movies like the Nolan Batman films. Some people say that means they must be very good superhero movies if people that don't like superhero movies like them. More recently I suspect exactly the opposite, that perhaps they're not really superhero movies at all, thematically.
I believe Nanette also screened in some theaters didn't it?
No, the sales were fraudulent and would never have cleared.
Yes, the one right before Muppets Most Wanted.
Of all the things that *should* be in a review "this game contains adult content that may be very offensive" is pretty high on the list.
Having just seen Poppins Returns, I thought it was wonderful. Not as good as the original, sure, but so what. Good is good enough.
After hearing how the last dog was lost I kind of assumed the next dog would be a breed that would stand a better chance against a coyote. VENGEANCE.
I remember thinking it was decently funny back then, but I was a lot younger...
&gt; The better question to ask is why health insurance is coupled to employment to begin with It's because of wage freezes in world war 2. Employers were forbidden to raise wages, so they tried offering other non-salary benefits on top of wages to compete for employees. Employer-sponsored health insurance is one of them that stuck.
It doesn't actually, you're having selective memory of the performances that were good and not all the ones that were bad, even from good directors. Good direction is important and elevates anyone's acting, but elevating someone from zero always has a lower ceiling than elevating someone from higher. Those roles are also highly selective and tailored for amateurs in most cases. They're generally not being expected to perform the same levels of acting as experienced actors.
What's more surprising than you walking out is that you walked in.
You don't always have visibility in both directions enough to prevent being struck by a speeding train.
John Hughes was also a director, just not of this film. I Think "writer/director" is just meant to describe John Hughes, not claim he directed this particular film.
Literally never in my 50 years of life has someone asked me who I saw a movie with after mentioning that I had seen it.
In 50 years of life none of my many friends have ever responded to “you should see this new movie, it’s really good” with “who did you see it with?” And I think it would be really fucking weird if they did.
Putting WAR in giant letters for your ad so soon after WW2 seems not cool.
Just as cool as yours.
Only if they're cooked.
&gt;Totally. The issue was however they put in too much not-Godzilla which hurt the movie This is almost literally every Godzilla movie. I don't know why people keep somehow forgetting this, movie after movie. &amp;#x200B; The most critically acclaimed \*best\* Godzilla movie has only a few minutes of Godzilla on screen. &amp;#x200B; [https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-JFpQUnzd81M/WbFu0rHXX-I/AAAAAAAACD4/UwMW6WwphGoVusGK-22JmxeKvrto82i\_QCEwYBhgL/s1600/GodzillaSTRO.jpg](https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-JFpQUnzd81M/WbFu0rHXX-I/AAAAAAAACD4/UwMW6WwphGoVusGK-22JmxeKvrto82i_QCEwYBhgL/s1600/GodzillaSTRO.jpg)
I always try to use "I" words when talking about movies and other forms of art. \*I\* liked it, I didn't like it. I enjoyed the visuals but I thought the dialog was weak, etc. Telling people "this thing you like is objectively shit" is felt as a personal attack, just as much as telling someone their mother is a whore or their child is ugly. Also it's simply a lie. There is no objective evaluation of how art makes someone else feel. Great brushstrokes don't make great art, how it makes people feel is what makes great art. Technical evaluations of components of art are just that, technical evaluations of components. They do not and cannot objectively evaluate the whole. Only an individual can evaluate how a piece of art makes them feel, whether it's the brush strokes of a master, or childish scrawl stuck to a refrigerator. Which having said that, I enjoyed watching Godzilla King of The Monsters but I also thought it had a lot of very poorly written dialog and unnecessary repetitive exposition.
For me one of the marks of an absolutely shitty critic is when they like to make clever quips (usually extremely obvious puns) about how much they didn't like something. A good critic can write about why they didn't like a film without mocking it. I also frankly can usually tell when a critic walked into a movie already resenting even being expected to watch it, and their reviews are almost universally not interesting or helpful.
Except in places with gender equality women would be financially capable of providing for kids themselves. Also I would like to see research like this examine gay couples. Do gay men prefer more attractive men while lesbians prefer more financially secure lesbians?
You're presuming behaviors as evolved without evidence. In chimps, for example, females frequently sneak away with other males to mate behind the alpha's back. They're demonstrably not exclusively preferring the dominant male's DNA for their offspring. Bonobos, our other closed relative, have sex indiscriminately and openly.
But they \*detonated\* an explosion before they even entered. They had no way of knowing if the daughter had been standing closer to the doors at the time. Absurdity seems the best explanation.
He’s not babysitting. The little girl is blackmailing him into teaching her spycraft.
Nope, even if the unions spent 100 billion dollars, we still had to vote for their candidates.
Film just isn't where comedy is happening any more. All the best comedy writers are working in television where they can be much more successful. Comedies don't have the "must see on the big screen" element that gets people out for a night at the theater these days. &gt; or Kevin Hart screaming for an hour and a half True story: I was on a flight recently and there were free movies. One of them was Night School and I heard it was horrible but I figured what the hell, it's free, and if nothing else I can probably laugh at Tiffany Haddish yelling at people. I never made it far enough to even see Tiffany Haddish. I just couldn't stand how bad it was in just the first few minutes.
The more education a woman has, the fewer children she will statistically have, and she starts having them later in life.
Lol a physically fit police officer? Have you been looking around at the officers lately?
It is *literally* in direct violation of Youtube’s terms of service, in their own writing.
When I woke up this morning I didn’t even know that what was missing from my life was sea shanty memes.
Wasn’t he only in orbit? I don’t think that technically counts as space.
You don't have to go that far. New Orleans in July will take care of you. Way worse than the time I drove through Death Valley in the summer with no air conditioning.
Well let's hope the electricity never stops working reliably I guess.
Dude that game let you pick up a car, tear it in half, shove your fists into each half, and punch things with enormous half-car boxing gloves. Why we haven’t seen more open world Hulk Smashing Things games I have no idea.
"Higher gasoline taxes would be an extremely effective tool for funding carbon capture and preserving the long-term viability of human life on the planet." &amp;#x200B; "We can't raise gasoline taxes because it's hard on poor people." &amp;#x200B; "Gasoline prices become more expensive naturally, which is also hard on poor people but does not save the planet. We do not take steps to assist poor people when gasoline market prices rise, we expect them to just endure it. Why can't we expect them to also endure it in order for the human race to survive?" &amp;#x200B; " ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ "
That also suggest more "Mass Effect" to me than Fallout. Which I have no problem with, I enjoy both approaches.
Apocalypse is definitely worse than Wolverine. Wolverine at least has a decent performance from Hugh Jackman.
&gt; Mummies are usually terrible villains because you just need to walk a little faster and they can't get you.. You need to go back and watch the original Mummy movies because that's not at all what they were like.
If you can make it to Chicago soon you can see the original R-rated cut in the theater: [https://musicboxtheatre.com/films/tammy-and-the-t-rex](https://musicboxtheatre.com/films/tammy-and-the-t-rex)
Wait...which Serenity?
Cripes, man, attacking the source, really? That’s your response? She gives her credentials, what are yours?
It's highly-paid younger professionals, most without families.
Ah, my apologies, you're just inserting yourself in my conversation with someone who did, not minding their ad hominem attack to incorrectly label an argument from authority.
Illinois state law also gives the residents of any ward the right to vote the entire ward "dry". It's happened many times over the years, sometimes in response to bars starting to attract "undesirable" (ie, differently colored) visitors. And once it happens it's almost unheard of for residents to ever vote to let alcohol back again.
Dog has seen some shit you don't want to see.
What are the Steam exclusives?
They're fine but we have so many better burger places here.
I honestly wish it was simply illegal to stand in intersections and the police cited people for it, for many of the reasons listed, but especially for safety reasons. And I feel the same when the fire department is out there standing in intersections with their boots.
First, why do we need more chain places? Second, Culvers is definitely better. Heck I never go to Portillos for burgers, but their burgers are better.
I don't get it, I've eaten in many waffle houses. Not because the food is great, because it most certainly is not, but because it was available and open and there wasn't anything better nearby. The number of astoundingly better places already in Chicago to get waffles is astronomical.
ITT: [https://local.theonion.com/man-derives-depressing-amount-of-pride-from-hometown-bu-1819575006](https://local.theonion.com/man-derives-depressing-amount-of-pride-from-hometown-bu-1819575006)
&gt;Just some examples off the top of my head, instead of automatically obtaining abilities, you had to go to a trainer and learn them. One thing this does is make it so you have to prioritize which ability to get next because you often can't afford them all. I've played WoW since beta and started many brand new characters with no seed money and I never worried about not having enough money to buy class training beyond something like level 10. It was only in the extremely early levels that a character started completely from scratch sometimes didn't have enough money to train a new ability.
Butches and androgynous generally do not have hourglass figures.
Summer always brings out the Teen Wolves.
I think it's still related, notably: &gt; When overtime hours are scheduled three months in advance, men and women work a similar number of hours; but when those hours are offered at the last minute, men work nearly twice as many. When selecting work schedules, women try to avoid weekend, holiday, and split shifts more than men Men and women take equal overtime hours _when scheduled three months in advance_. The main difference is women don't take last-minute overtime, and they try to avoid weekend, holiday, and split shifts. This all seems very likely to me to be related to childcare. I would be interested to know how much of this difference there is in places where women and men more equally share the burdens of childcare.
In the US both are working mostly. Neither is a "Stay-at-home parent". One just does far more of the day-to-day childcare.
Not to mention, you can walk across the entire loop in a few minutes.
I walk from Congress to the Merchandise Mart (just because the walk is nice and I don't need to spend a few bucks on the train) several days a week, at a slow casual ambling pace, and it's about 20-30 minutes.
It's one of the more confusing bits of baseball terminology that "hit" doesn't mean "the bat literally struck the ball". "Hit" means, "the batter made it safely to first base". Oops, except it doesn't always mean that either, because if the batter makes it safely to first base, but it's determined that they did so because another player made an error, then that isn't a hit, even though they did hit the ball and they did run safely to first base. "But wait, isn't the question of whether another player made an error somewhat subjective?" Yes. Yes, it is.
I mean, he's 76. Even though Kraven is supposed to be very old it's also supposed to be a very demanding physical role.
I mean , they \*eventually\* kill them. Just not during their prime milking/laying years.
But it's so much easier to type than "pubg" right?
Not sure if you noticed that Box office mojo has an "Estimated Tickets Sold" adjustment as well: [https://www.boxofficemojo.com/movies/?id=disneyfairytale22019.htm&amp;adjust\_yr=1&amp;p=.htm](https://www.boxofficemojo.com/movies/?id=disneyfairytale22019.htm&amp;adjust_yr=1&amp;p=.htm) But perhaps it makes you feel better to see your calculations are about the same.
They don't, but especially if you go back to the 30s it's really not comparable. Not as many movies were being made. There weren't as many movie screens. There were fewer prints made of films, so they would spend years moving around the country, etc. It's like noting that no TV show has had higher ratings than the final episode of MASH, because it is essentially impossible today, because there are hundreds more channels for people to choose from, plus streaming, etc. The entire structure of entertainment has made it so that it'll basically never happen again that almost everyone in the US is watching the same tv show at the same time.
Definitely the strongest final act of all of them.
Yeah, it's Joss Whedon's fault that Man of Steel and Batman V Superman and Justice League were terrible.
Or maybe distracted driving is simply not the cause of the majority of accidents?
What I love about this, and all the angry people in this thread being smug about hands-free mounts, is all the research I’ve seen says that hands-free contributes to accidents just as much. These laws will not reduce accidents. Period. https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/hands-free-texting-is-no-safer-to-use-while-driving/
The prosecution rests.
But you’re not driving when you are stopped. And we’re not passing laws to stop people from having conversations while driving, even though that increases risk of accidents.
Why would growing up black be a significant difference in Clark Kent’s life but not Harvey Dent’s?
Is it a violation of law for Mrs Smith to not recycle or mind her carbon footprint?
I had to go all the way to the bottom of the article to see the *actual* suicide rates rather than relative rates: &gt; For 20- to 24-year-olds, the 2017 suicide rate was 17 per 100,000, compared with 12 per 100,000 in 2000.
Are they told that by men, perhaps? That's who always said it to me growing up.
Meanwhile... https://www.wsj.com/articles/a-growing-problem-in-real-estate-too-many-too-big-houses-11553181782 “Baby boomers and retirees built large, elaborate dream homes across the Sunbelt—only to find that few people want to buy them.”
Kids have moved far away for work years ago, and they haven't talked to their neighbors in years. &gt; Plenty of people who don't have cars but manage quite well Yeah, they do, in large cities, not in suburbs where people buy their big houses to retire in.
&gt;I do agree the time travel is kind of glossed over and isn't very consistent though. But that's GOOD because any and all uses of time travel SHOULD be glossed over because the very premise of time travel is ludicrous and there is literally no "correct" form of it. Drives me up the wall when people act like they "know" how time travel works.
Paul Giamatti's performance in Lady in the Water was legitimately heartbreaking.
Yes, the DC movies are (or rather were) mostly made by people who hate comic books and superheroes and thus need to "subvert" them in some way to be edgy. Marvel movies are mostly made by people who love comic books and superheroes. They're formulaic, because they love the formula (and so do audiences).
Just need to pass a constitutional amendment (which the Mayor of Chicago has surprisingly little power to do) and then endure the inevitable years of court battles.
I hope people are actually reading the article and not just the headline: &gt; “We’ve got to make sure that people of means absolutely pay their fair share. But we can’t do anything that drives businesses out of the city. So this has got to be a conversation — not a dictate from on high.” &gt; Asked then if she would set her sights on other services such as hairdressers and health clubs, Lightfoot said: “No, no. ... Right now, we’re just looking at law firms and accounting firms. We’d have to have exemptions for smaller businesses that would fall into that category. I’m not talking about taxing the solo practitioner.”
Those judgy people would be &lt;checks notes&gt; Republican voters.
Groupon turned down an immense buyout offer from Googlel too, that one was more of a win for Google though.
Also apparently for 38% of the rest of the world, at least.
&gt; I just stated the laws that our country is governed by, and you automatically assumed I'm a conservative. Shame on you for making this a partisan issue. You're one of those rare liberal /r/the_donald subscribers? Feels unlikely. Not sure why you're ashamed of your own politics. Also you're really fucking standing there and pretending that armed ICE raids against immigrant families is not a partisan issue??? Perhaps the vast majority of Democrats have analyzed the issue and they conclude unjust laws that brutalize humans for their place of birth, that lock children in cages, that send armed thugs into peaceful homes at night, should not be obeyed.
They're a /r/the_Donald user and I've looked at their post history.
He spent a lifetime in the alternate timeline and then returned to this one to return the shield. Not through time travel. How traveled from one timeline to another is not explained. From the Russos: &gt; "If Cap were to go back into the past and live there, he would create a branched reality. The question then becomes, how is he back in this reality to give the shield away?" Joe Russo asked with a smile. "Interesting question, right? Maybe there’s a story there. There’s a lot of layers built into this movie and we spent three years thinking through it, so it’s fun to talk about it and hopefully fill in holes for people so they understand what we’re thinking." https://www.denofgeek.com/us/movies/marvel/280848/russo-brothers-explain-captain-america-ending-avengers-endgame It's very possible that Far From Home will hint at things, since the trailers at least imply that Mysterio is from an alternate reality.
He didn’t use time travel.
This is what he has said: &gt; "At some point I just have to give up, you know?" Bird said. "Yeah, sure. After Iron Giant, I was the big lefty who was trying to apologize or make Russia seem like it was friendly to some very misguided reviewers. I was being soft on Communism or something. Then I became the right-wing darling with Incredibles, where it was seen as being elitist, which I thought was a misread of The Incredibles. But I had to sort of go [wearily], 'Okay'. Then of course I was a lefty again with my food-loving, French-hugging Ratatouille. I find it really kind of tedious, a lot of it. Poorly thought out." &gt; "I've read Ayn Rand, and I think young people, particularly when you're in your early 20s and it's you against the world, you should absolutely believe in that very, almost strident individualism. But I think, when you become a little older, you see the limits of that; compromise is not a terrible thing always. There's bad compromise, but there's good compromise."
Those pyramids weren't built to benefit poor people either.
I couldn't read the full article yet at the time but from what I gather now they did control for ethnicity and socioeconomic background.
"the equivalent of money" They controlled millions of people.
If you can turn a "lithe female character" in a "muscular male character" in one stop let me know how you do that without creating mass.
My school's didn't. Everyone in band had to provide their own instruments.
They don’t do either of those things in an office visit, and their skeletal mass doesn’t change.
That was definitely what I said. Though now I'm curious which crime you think is more serious, letting an idiot get away with being an idiot, or trying to cover up a police murder.
Taxis do not have surge pricing, but the point of surge pricing is to encourage more drivers to get on the road offering rides at a time when there aren't enough around. With taxis, when there aren't enough taxis, you just don't get a taxi.
It "works", sure. I used it once not long ago. Paid for my ride on the way there. Driver gets to my house and tells me the fare. I tell him I already paid with the Curb app. He doesn't know what I'm talking about. Took an extra couple minutes to convince him and have him figure out that he got paid already.
Governors don't pass legislation, they only sign it.
No company informs future employers of anything any more.
&gt;Money. Is. Fungible People say this over and over again and yet, the state underfunded transportation projects abysmally and continuously.
This. There's a reason there are few operas that are quiet and subtle. They're bombastic because that's what fills the seats of opera houses. Blockbuster movies are just our modern operas.
Meh, this movie needs exactly zero remakes, by anyone. Jeff Nichols especially should not be wasting his talent on remakes.
[https://tenor.com/view/iron-giant-superman-animation-epic-ending-self-sacrifice-gif-5009560](https://tenor.com/view/iron-giant-superman-animation-epic-ending-self-sacrifice-gif-5009560)
After the movie, yes.
I may have bad news about use of CGI in F&amp;F...
For this movie yes, not for all movies. The point was they said they had been searching. If anyone is searching for any episode, they can try there first.
Bautista's response to all the "LOL U MADE ESCAPE PLAN!" replies: &gt; Genius! Big Dave didnt state that he’s never done a bad film. But I did them for particular reasons that helped build an “acting” career. And I got to work with Sly so in your face with that! You’re dismissed! [https://twitter.com/DaveBautista/status/1145243067223543809](https://twitter.com/DaveBautista/status/1145243067223543809)
That doesn’t mean Dave Bautista likes them.
Again. You think putting Rose in the scenes he was in would make Rose's part of the story better? Literally give Rose every line he had and every second of his screen time. Okay, that's done. Now tell me how Rose's story has changed. Tell me how having Rose stand around in the background looking worried is what Rose needed to get the story she deserved. If you think "Just put Kelly Marie Tran on camera with nothing to do for more seconds" would fix what was wrong with her character, you desperately do not understand what was wrong with the treatment of her character. She didn't need to be in the background more. She needed to be IN THE FOREGROUND more. Monaghan's BACKGROUND role is irrelevant to that.
What do the aliens capable of interstellar travel need to raid human settlements for?
Literally any story about Robin Hood is 100% fictional.
How much of it is from or about Chicago?
There was a Dreamcast game called Demolition Racer which was basically like a race+demolition derby. A cool part was you didn't win by coming in first, you won by scoring the most points. The higher you came in at the end of the race gave a multiplier to the points you earned for damaging other cars. So if you came in first but didn't do any damage, you lost. If you did tons of damage but came in last, you lost. Really fun dynamic.
If you ever have a 91% success rate in data transmission on your internet you will be calling your ISP because your internet will be functionally unusable for most things. It only takes a few percent packet loss to seriously degrade network performance.
Poor families now are more likely to have engagement rings and "expensive" (to them) weddings now than poor families ever were hundreds or thousands of years ago. The very idea of a legal wedding was foreign to poor people for much of human history. Formal weddings were for securing political power or property rights.
&gt; To draw its conclusions, it used a hypothetical couple with two kids and $150,000 in income a year plus $10,000 in dividend income, and then looked at the income-, property- and sales-tax burden that family would face. Wallethub uses actually tax receipts and population, not a "hypothetical couple".
Who said they weren't? Some people have had property and power to secure for several thousand years.
His opponents weren’t exactly winners either.
Rewatch it and notice how much more screentime is after he’s said his last line (“Ow!”) And his “silent” performance is just so good.
All of the Godzilla movies. All but maybe the first Gamera movie.
The Rocketeer's rocket and helmet
&gt;You don't need to disallow SFHs, the market will take care of that. It literally isn't. The market doesn't care if poor people are pushed farther away. The market doesn't care if they have to ride a bus for two hours to a job that barely pays them enough to live. The market thinks that is perfectly efficient as long as there are enough desperate people with no other choice.
There's basically two ways to get a low cinemascore: Be legitimately bad, or be something different than the audience expected. Make the greatest drama of the decade, but advertise it as a horror film, and you're pretty much guaranteed an F cinemascore when the audience shows up expecting a horror film.
Cinemascore is a scientific poll of audiences verified to have seen the movie in its opening weekend. There's basically two ways to get a very low cinemascore: 1. Be a really bad movie. Even then it's pretty hard to go as low as F. No matter how shitty your movie is, people that show up opening weekend are the most likely people to like it, if you've at least honestly advertised what the movie is. 2. Be a movie that is not what the opening weekend audience expected. Advertise a horror movie but show the audience a romantic comedy, and you will get an F for sure no matter how good it is. Not sure which one The Grudge is, maybe some of both!
If you want to read about Death, start with Mort and go from there. Some of the nuances of Hogfather will make more sense. The order is: 1. Mort 2. Reaper Man 3. Soul Music 4. Hogfather 5. Thief of Time
That's not really true, there have just been notable cases of horror movies that were not the kind of horror movies the opening night horror movie audiences expected. [http://www.horrornewsnetwork.net/the-shocking-truth-behind-hereditarys-low-cinemascore/](http://www.horrornewsnetwork.net/the-shocking-truth-behind-hereditarys-low-cinemascore/) Frankly horror audiences are some of the most finicky of all audiences when it comes to theatrical releases.
Enough for a C+ Cinemascore instead of an F. And the millions of people who have been keeping the live show in production for years because they love it.
It was a vision of the future from the Force that he dedicated his life to trusting implicitly where the man he was looking down at murdered billions and he had a split second reaction and then controlled himself.
Cinemascore never claims to measure quality, it measures opening night audience reaction.
Of course it is. What do you think a scientific poll is?
Original FB source (with sound): [https://www.facebook.com/watch/?v=4860016747378810](https://www.facebook.com/watch/?v=4860016747378810)
Smack my big ole rump if that aint art!
A permanent ongoing commission?
This is false, I’ve been ticketed twice turning right in a red where it’s allowed and have lost both times even though I fully stopped.
Which we can charge people for to offset the effects.
This wasn't about the death threats it was about how people who might be "on reddit all day" are "not working".
He pretty clearly had a startled reaction to Captain Marvel when facing her.
Same ones where they're skinny guys with suspenders, sleeve tattoos, and long beards.
&gt; preventing construction speeds up price increases because it restricts supply Most of that "new construction" is converting 2-flats to singles, which is restricting supply even more.
I'm curious why in other countries they can have homes that are hundreds of years old but we have to tear ours down from the 1900s rather than maintaining them. &gt; The restriction of small multi unit construction was a racist tactic against immigrants that couldn't afford their own single family home but didn't want to rent their entire lives This is certainly true. But allowing more single-unit housing now won't redress that, it will only make it worse and harder to change.
Other countries houses can be hundreds of years old, why not here?
In a theater: * People that talk are annoying At home: * People that talk constantly during a movie are annoying * People that get annoyed when anyone says the slightest thing during a movie are annoying.
&gt;that could potentially harm a child's education and development. To my knowledge there is very little evidence of this. The child's outcome is statistically predicted most strongly by: * The parent's wealth * How old the mother was at the time she had her first child (older is better) * How involved the parents are in the child's education What school they attend matters little compared to those three. The child with the above 3 most likely meets or exceeds their parent's socioeconomic levels whether they attend the most prestigious schools or the most mediocre public schools. For example: [https://www.nber.org/papers/w13443](https://www.nber.org/papers/w13443) &gt; Comparing lottery winners and losers, we find that lottery winners attend higher quality schools as measured by both the average achievement level of peers in the school as well as by value-added indicators of the school's contribution to student learning. Yet, we do not find that winning a lottery systematically confers any evident academic benefits.
One of my favorite riffs is from this episode, where just randomly when some dude gets grabbed Crow bursts out in a fantastic Popeye impression singing "*I'm Popeye the sailor man*/ I've got a guy's head in my hand!"
So the hundreds year old houses in other countries had modern wiring and plumbing?
He has a Bachelors in Psychology and Music from North Park and is completing a Masters in Urban Planning and Public Policy from UIC. You're saying UIC is a shitty online school?
It doesn't matter if you have 10,000 years of business experience if you are bad at it.
This almost certainly means that they have significantly more than doubled in certain areas, as it's likely the increases are clustered more in some areas than others.
There aren't enough \[citation needed\] stamps for every sentence in that post. You simply made a non-stop series of unsupported claims.
The restaurants already have permanent locations, places to sit, table service, they can cook fresh food to order, they can serve alcohol... if with all those advantages people would still rather stand in line to buy a taco from a truck, then maybe the restaurant should be replaced with a better one.
"Can you believe they're performing Hamlet again?"
As long are you're near a CTA or Metra line, working downtown is fine.
I recently replaced a 2000 car with a 2018 car. The massive differences of features still astounds me.
Knowing what decade a film is from isn't the same as saying the film has aged terrible.
&gt;Truthfully how stupid are the voters in this State anyway He's not elected by the voters in this state. He's elected by the roughly 18,000 people in his district that vote for him in the primary, and then the 13,000 who vote for him in the election. (Out of the 57,000 people in his district.) But the vast majority of his real power doesn't come from that, it comes from being the Chairman of the Illinois Democratic Party.
Not denigrating this research, but of course it's been known for decades that for most overweight people with sleep apnea, losing weight is the best way to alleviate it.
If I could give you a kidney while still having all my kidneys I absolutely would, why wouldn't I ? Everyone who gave DNA samples to 23andMe still has their DNA.
For those wondering, she was 23-24 years old when she filmed this. Edit: Correction, this footage is apparently from Sin City 2, so that makes her almost 30.
Is this actually street legal? Why?
This is legit one of the funniest bits they ever did. I mean come on, Mike tosses in a line from The Verve Pipe there at the end.
I have to say, Michael Shannon in Man of Steel. And it's not even that he gives a bad performance, he's just so good that phoning it in still isn't bad, but compared to every other role I've seen him in, Zod is kind of a disappointment.
Cavill absolutely has the look and acting chops to be a great Superman, he just hasn't been given a great Superman to play.
Yeah but I'm pretty sure that's how Michael Shannon is when he's looking for his favorite brand of peanut butter.
You seem to be treating no score as a zero in computing the average, that seems like a mistake? If I sort by top RT score I see several things with zero metacritic and low averages.
I mean, I was 11 years old when Empire came out and I loved it.
With how popular she was in Spider-Verse maybe they’d sub in Liv.
Bingo!
Which honestly made me wonder why the hell he even signed on, especially after finally coming off of the MCU marathon. It's not like he could possibly really need the money.
[http://www.club-mst3k.com/episodes/309-the-amazing-colossal-man](http://www.club-mst3k.com/episodes/309-the-amazing-colossal-man)
Might even be able to do brown line -&gt; Metra electric to/from Hyde Park but probably still a fair amount of time involved all together.
Lots of people have bad parents but don't treat other people like shit.
Meanwhile the south side continues to resist gentrification. I'm very curious to see where the line finally stops moving south.
Any burger that you have to unhinge your jaw to eat--or god forbid, use a knife and fork--is a bad burger.
Really disappointed that this isn't about teams of dogs pulling people through Chicago.
Lightfoot is talking about refunding groups like the Violence Interrupters who have been extremely effective in the past at de-escalating impending gang violence.
Corruption, consolidation of political power, a non-democratic aristocracy
A surprising number of large corner lots around me clear one sidewalk but not the other.
Maybe the city should just have public pedestrian ways cleared just like they clear public road ways?
Or maybe the city should clear public pedestrians paths just like it clears paths for cars?
Republican groups were urging local Republicans to take Democratic primary ballots to vote for Lipinski. Also, I've lived in the district for \~15 years. 2018 was the first time I'd seen Lipinski campaigning, out on the local Metra platform in the morning. I saw him again this morning. If nothing else Newman has forced him to actually make the slightest effort to keep his job.
Do you see that if Bernie said "I don't think a woman can win this election because of X Y Z" that's functionally no different from "I don't think a woman can win this election" and it means Warren's report of what he said was accurate and his denial that he said anything like that a lie? Again, Sanders insists he said nothing of that nature at all, nothing even close to it. One of them is lying.
Ask a train conductor how they feel after killing someone who steps in front of a train.
I was in New Orleans a while back and encountered a roundabout there, and then was startled to find it was a roundabout with stoplights.
The red light cameras don't stop anyone from running lights. At *best* someone gets a ticket months later. Try to train your dog by puninshing/rewarding them months after the behavior and see how effective it is.
Are they doing a good job?
So \*New York City\* is in the worst financial position of all large US cities? But this is just based purely on debt burden per capita? Shouldn't it be debt as a percentage of GDP per capita?
Is there actual evidence of this happening? It hasn't been happening in SF or New York to my knowledge.
Only the citizens of Madigan's district have the power to do that.
&gt; "Section 1. Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex. The effect is rights cannot be denied or abridged on account of sex. So if not being required to register for the draft is a denial of that person's rights, then they would have to register. It's already against the law to discriminate against someone on the basis of their race, but preferential contracts to minority-owned businesses are legal.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar wrote an op-ed about this: [https://www.latimes.com/opinion/story/2020-05-30/dont-understand-the-protests-what-youre-seeing-is-people-pushed-to-the-edge](https://www.latimes.com/opinion/story/2020-05-30/dont-understand-the-protests-what-youre-seeing-is-people-pushed-to-the-edge) &gt;What do you see when you see angry black protesters amassing outside police stations with raised fists? If you’re white, you may be thinking, “They certainly aren’t social distancing.” Then you notice the black faces looting Target and you think, “Well, that just hurts their cause.” Then you see the police station on fire and you wag a finger saying, “That’s putting the cause backward.” &gt; &gt;You’re not wrong — but you’re not right, either. The black community is used to the institutional racism inherent in education, the justice system and jobs. And even though we do all the conventional things to raise public and political awareness — write articulate and insightful pieces in the Atlantic, explain the continued devastation on CNN, support candidates who promise change — the needle hardly budges.
Uh-huh, uh-huh, and what does the other party offer to black people again? Voter suppression, elimination of services for the poor, decades of drug war?
Um...the national guard has been here since yesterday. The Chicago mayor and superintendent of police are in charge of where the national guard is going and they explained very clearly today they are not sending the national guard into neighborhoods where they don't have context on the "fragile" relationship with law enforcement. They're using the national guard to assist with street closures and such but they are not sending strangers into south and west side neighborhoods to start shooting people.
This is what Martin Luther King had to say about rioting: &gt;Urban riots must now be recognized as durable social phenomena. They may be deplored, but they are there and should be understood. Urban riots are a special form of violence. They are not insurrections. The rioters are not seeking to seize territory or to attain control of institutions. They are mainly intended to shock the white community. They are a distorted form of social protest. The looting which is their principal feature serves many functions. It enables the most enraged and deprived Negro to take hold of consumer goods with the ease the white man does by using his purse. Often the Negro does not even want what he takes; he wants the experience of taking. But most of all, alienated from society and knowing that this society cherishes property above people, he is shocking it by abusing property rights. There are thus elements of emotional catharsis in the violent act. This may explain why most cities in which riots have occurred have not had a repetition, even though the causative conditions remain. It is also noteworthy that the amount of physical harm done to white people other than police is infinitesimal and in Detroit whites and Negroes looted in unity. &gt; &gt;A profound judgment of today’s riots was expressed by Victor Hugo a century ago. He said, ‘If a soul is left in the darkness, sins will be committed. The guilty one is not he who commits the sin, but he who causes the darkness.’ &gt; &gt;The policymakers of the white society have caused the darkness; they create discrimination; they structured slums; and they perpetuate unemployment, ignorance and poverty. It is incontestable and deplorable that Negroes have committed crimes; but they are derivative crimes. They are born of the greater crimes of the white society. When we ask Negroes to abide by the law, let us also demand that the white man abide by law in the ghettos. Day-in and day-out he violates welfare laws to deprive the poor of their meager allotments; he flagrantly violates building codes and regulations; his police make a mockery of law; and he violates laws on equal employment and education and the provisions for civic services. The slums are the handiwork of a vicious system of the white society; Negroes live in them but do not make them any more than a prisoner makes a prison. Let us say boldly that if the violations of law by the white man in the slums over the years were calculated and compared with the law-breaking of a few days of riots, the hardened criminal would be the white man. These are often difficult things to say but I have come to see more and more that it is necessary to utter the truth in order to deal with the great problems that we face in our society.
&gt; Trump is racist for blocking travel from China Because that was, and is racist. The virus was already in the wild and on every continent. Banning travel from China has zero effect and is absolutely racist. The NYC outbreak was traced to travelers from Europe. He didn't stop travelers from Europe, even though the pandemic was spreading there, because he's a fucking racist and his default response to any problem is to identify a group of people to blame it on.
&gt;Fucking gangs were working with cops to protect businesses in the hispanic neighborhoods, so quit your shit on "fragile relationships". Yes, the \*Chicago Police\* were working alongside those gangs, due to years of attempts to improve relations in those communities, relationships which still remain fragile and easily broken. Just \*one\* CPD overreacting at the wrong place and time last night would have created open war. Can you think of who hasn't spent years working on relationships in those communities? It rhymes with Shmational Shmard. Guardsmen reacting to having some bottles or whatever thrown at them by opening fire into a crowd is exactly how you set a match to even more powderkegs all over the city.
Do you know what "escalation" means? Do you know what happens when angry crowds get escalated? Your only solution is killing all of them because that's the endgame.
Is the city burning down?
&gt;I believe it. You don't care about wrecking a city when it's not your home. Relevant to this, almost none of the Minneapolis Police department lives in Minneapolis.
I think it's sad that we always want single answers. It seems demonstrably true that there have been \*some\* outside elements coming into cities in \*some\* cases. It's also demonstrably true that most of the protesters in most cities are local.
But Austin is in Texas which is not liberal and of course, the whole state is lacking in civic services because they don't have the money to pay for anything.
Even down here in Beverly I think I've got at least three or four parks within walking distance.
Yes, it's almost like it's time to start phasing in re-opening. Maybe that has even already started!
Gentrification doesn't happen in black communities, there's been a bunch of scholarship on that. As long as black people are there, the gentrifiers won't move in.
&gt;but if you spend hours (possibly over multiple days) next to someone shedding virus through a mask, you still have a too high chance of becoming infected Yeah you should 1,000% not be doing that.
Albeit the public bathrooms at places with large outdoor crowds are still a problem.
I won't be going back to the office in the loop until at least October, per my employer, but I don't have to go back even then unless I want to.
You think that would have prevented police in Minneapolis from murdering someone and sparking protests in every state in the US? Yes, even the states that have been open for a long time now, or never closed.
Still easier to replace than George Floyd and all the rest.
And the hundreds murdered every year? You been to a lot of marches for them? Your sudden concern is touching but curious. Most of that violence was between looters. I'm not sensing that you normally give a shit about gang violence as long as it doesn't affect you.
But what is the argument?
Black and Latino neighborhood is miles apart from Black neighborhood. [https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/2014/08/08/338831318/chicago-neighborhoods-that-are-too-black-resist-gentrification](https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/2014/08/08/338831318/chicago-neighborhoods-that-are-too-black-resist-gentrification)
It's hilarious that so many people in this thread think Minneapolis schools don't also have these problems.
The whole thread is about Minneapolis terminating their contract with MPD which is being proposed to do the same thing in Chicago.
328 million people just in the US. Even if only a tiny tiny fraction of them are dangerous psychopaths, that's still tens of thousands of them
To this day I have not had a more funny and sad and beautiful and strangely uplifting theater experience than every time I've seen this play. The ending fills my heart every time.
There are, in fact in the case of the Iroquois fire, it was the very act of opening those back exit doors that allowed a massive inrush of air which created the fireball that engulfed the balcony full of children.
My grandfather always told me that if you go looking for trouble, you'll find it.
They are not armed and their job is just to stand around key merchant corridors and call CPD if needed. That would be an immense waste and misuse of National Guard.
One has to presume at least someone like Jim Mallon still has masters, but you're right as far as we know no copies of K03 have ever surfaced.
IT'S BACK BABY! [https://www.newsweek.com/florida-sets-new-single-day-record-coronavirus-cases-since-reopening-economy-over-4000-three-1509055](https://www.newsweek.com/florida-sets-new-single-day-record-coronavirus-cases-since-reopening-economy-over-4000-three-1509055)
Camden, NJ disbanded the police force in 2013: [https://www.citylab.com/equity/2018/01/what-happened-to-crime-in-camden/549542/](https://www.citylab.com/equity/2018/01/what-happened-to-crime-in-camden/549542/)
There was a long thread once about "the pencil test", which allegedly was how a girl would know if she needed to start wearing a bra. If she could hold a pencil under her breasts then it was time to start wearing one. Then there was a debate about what counts as "passing" or "failing" the pencil test, if holding the pencil meant passing or failing. Then this lead to the aforementioned order of a batch of "official" test pencils. I coincidentally found a package of these myself today while going through some old boxes in the basement.
If you want to employ trained and unarmed crime investigators who go to crime scenes after the fact and collect evidence and conduct interviews, you have my blessing.
My "proposal" is we pay for other people's shit all the time so when it's someone else's turn to pay for our shit (or more likely, just send more of our own money back to us), they should shut their fucking mouth about it.
I'm going to a dive bar in Indiana and ordering a glass of milk immediately.
Let's ask some folks from Kent State about how helpful the National Guard is at de-escalating protests.
How do you know it wouldn't have been 1800 murders and 8000 people shot and several thousand businesses destroyed?
It's a huge country and there were protest and riots in pretty much every state of the union. Which ones do you mean? There wasn't a lot of white people roaming the south and west sides of Chicago, for example. Other cities might have different stories.
Can you vote for a piece of shit and not also be a piece of shit?
Has the city council killed people and I haven't been told?
The masks are less important outdoors. It's when they go inside they should be putting them on.
Buy masks that have a semi-rigit bendable frame you can shape around the bridge of your nose, like these: [https://losangelesapparel.net/products/3-pack-cotton-mask](https://losangelesapparel.net/products/3-pack-cotton-mask) Once I got those I stopped having problems with fogging my glasses.
The rate of tests has been increasing linearly. There would be no "spike" in new cases prompting Arizona to activate emergency plans for hospitals if it was simply the result of more testing.
Did I say Chicago authorities? The FBI would be very interested in evidence of people being murdered at city council meetings.
So the people dying of covid are less valid and real? You're going to have to choose.
I work in the Mart and we were told a month ago nobody was coming back until October at the earliest, and that even then most people would be allowed to choose for themselves if their comfortable coming back or not. I think odds are good the whole company will stay primarily remote after this is done, and I don't think we're alone in that. I suspect some interesting things are going to happen for demand for Chicago office space in the next year or two as leases start to expire. I think a lot of companies will need a lot less space. I don't think they'll be giving up office space completely, but they'll need a lot less of it.
&gt;It’s hard to wear that thing for an 8 hour shift without taking a break now and then Fun fact: Neither Federal nor Illinois law mandates break times for employees, other than one 20 minute lunch break if they work more than 7.5 hours.
Have you ever learned to read an entire sentence? I explicitly said: &gt; I'm happy to not contribute to putting people at risk who do have to travel to go to their place of work. One less me on the train or bus is one less risk for them. I recognize many people can't work from home. Me not sitting next to them on the train or bus is one less person who might give them a potentially deadly disease. *I* am staying home *for them* since I *can* stay home and they cannot. It would make you feel better to be crammed next to me on the train just for fun? &gt; Their are are people who will never financially recover from this bullshit There are literally 423,000 people who will "never recover" from "this bullshit" because they are dead now.
&gt;I do wonder how many of these complaints are just from people who "can't stand the heat." People don't like hearing it, but some environments are inherently abrasive, will always be that way, and probably actually need to be that way in order to succeed. This is basically never true IMO, but abusive assholes very much want you to believe it is true.
You know when articles talk about how Wage Theft is worse in the US than any other form of theft? A huge amount of that wage theft is from the restaurant industry. [https://www.gq.com/story/wage-theft](https://www.gq.com/story/wage-theft)
Music Box is also a film distributor, and frankly, that big theater is almost never close to full except on rare occasions in my experience. Pretty sure they could cut capacity by 50% and not significantly effect ticket sales most night. They've also been participating in a streaming films program for indie theaters where people can rent films to stream online and the Music Box gets a cut of the sales.
Obviously if you vote for the Republicans you agree with their policies, or you wouldn't vote for them. Even if you, for example, don't hate gay people, it just means you don't hate gay people but you love tax cuts more than other people's civil rights. Which, frankly, isn't that different from hating gay people.
In fairness he's been friends with Tennapel for years, possibly decades. None of this can possibly be a surprise.
Which "opinions" would those be?
&gt; why should they support and protect you? I'm just throwing this out there but maybe because it's their fucking job? If they don't like their job, they know where to drop off their badge and gun. The idea that there are people out there who think it's okay for the police to only do their job for people they like is sickening. And a prime example of how irrevocably corrupted the entire force is. Even a fucking McDonalds employee is expected to serve people that are rude to them. We can't hold our police to the standard of minimum wage teenagers? I've spent much of my career smiling and doing tasks for executives who treated me like shit, because those tasks are my job.
[https://www.pastemagazine.com/comedy/best-mst3k-episodes/ranking-every-mst3k-episode-from-worst-to-best/](https://www.pastemagazine.com/comedy/best-mst3k-episodes/ranking-every-mst3k-episode-from-worst-to-best/) &amp;#x200B; The "worst" on this worst-to-best list is pretty on-point for me, even though I would still watch any one of them any time. MST3K's worst episodes are still pretty good.
Only if they demolish to add more units. Not if they demolish to build fewer larger luxury units.
How are employees in control of their employers? You need to buy food, you need to pay rent. Your employer says do it or lose your job, you probably do it. Almost everyone does. The restaurant industry has been widely known as a rampant cesspit of wage theft for years, people still keep working their because it's the best option they have.
Is it not presumably already zoned for the type of unit it already has?
Statues aren't your community. They're public action figures.
That would still make the fact that we didn't have an NYC-level outbreak scientifically interesting.
I'm unconvinced of the 2016 explanation just because there doesn't seem to be strong evidence that police prevent gun violence in those neighborhoods at all. The police show up after (if they show up at all) and the clearance rate for murders is abysmal. (Yes, I know people wont testify, because they are terrified of being killed themselves and know the police won't protect them.) At the same time, look at how good police are at finding someone they want to find even without neighbors testifying: [https://www.theverge.com/2020/6/18/21295301/philadelphia-protester-arson-identified-social-media-etsy-instagram-linkedin](https://www.theverge.com/2020/6/18/21295301/philadelphia-protester-arson-identified-social-media-etsy-instagram-linkedin)
How can you have a holiday without having a reason to force all the lowest paid workers to work?
Why would you laugh someone out of a restaurant who didn't know that yet? Isn't that the point of the question?
Grabbing someone's ass or dick without consent is not "a mistake". Stealing tips is not "a mistake". Calling people "fags" is not "a mistake".
Maybe you should consider listening instead.
Not every major metro area: [https://www.startribune.com/mpls-school-board-ends-contract-with-police-for-school-resource-officers/570967942/](https://www.startribune.com/mpls-school-board-ends-contract-with-police-for-school-resource-officers/570967942/)
I would love to see stats on what zip codes/neighborhoods these applications are coming from. My gut is they're mostly coming from suburbs and places that have had almost zero risk of violence.
&gt;because you shouldn't be denied if you've done the proper permitting work What? Why should a history of violations not be considered in whether granting someone another permit? How many times can I rob you before you stop hiring me because I filled out the job application correctly?
&gt;Being a politician was not supposed to be a life long career choice I don't think there is a lot of human history to support that claim. Also, why is this the one job we seem to think requires no expertise or experience? Just because some people are bad at it, and the citizenry elects people who are bad at it (which makes the citizenry 100% responsible for every one), is no reason to say that people who are not bad at it should not be able to keep doing it and getting better at it as long as they can.
The Founders of the United States did not assign any term limits.
They sort of did for federally-backed loans: [https://www.npr.org/2020/03/19/818343720/homeowners-hurt-financially-by-the-coronavirus-may-get-a-mortgage-break](https://www.npr.org/2020/03/19/818343720/homeowners-hurt-financially-by-the-coronavirus-may-get-a-mortgage-break)
Everyone definitely did not. People making more than a certain amount didn't get anything. (Which is fine, not every needs it, but everyone definitely did not get it.)
Okay, what cuts? Name them, give real dollars, and add them up.
In Australia, they essentially buy the guns back. They've spent something like $300-400 million so far buying back and destroying guns since 1996.
&gt;There are more guns per households/per individual outside the city than inside and yet somehow there are many multiples less shootings You know exactly why. The areas outside the city haven't been subjected to generational poverty for a hundred years. Young men grow up with little hope of a better life, children of older men who grew up with little hope for a better live, who were themselves sons and grandsons of men who grew up with little hope for a better life.
Name the places where almost everyone has been unemployed for decades but there's no crime. All the ones I'm aware of also have bad crime problems.
