This bill will likely die. We have two days till the Christmas break and has of the Republicans that lost their house seats have already packed their bags and started applying for lobbying jobs. There is no way it's going to see day light this year in the house. So they are going to have to do the whole thing over again next year and with the Dems in charge of the house they are going to want more and the dance continues.
I grew up in Calumet City, right across the boarder and know the area very well. You have to expect at least an hour each way no matter what. Yes you can take the South Shore and I know a lot of people who do, but you still have to get from your house to the train and there is no fast way to get to the train it's all local and once you get downtown you still have to get to work. You could drive but the Borman is always a crap shoot and on your best day anything under 40 minutes is amazing. Munster is nice if you have kids, it's a little older than St Johns, where a lot of people from the south burbs have migrated to in the last 20 years-not really my cup of tea but it might be yours. The last thing is weather, you are at the bottom of the lake and will get hammered whenever it snows, Chicago might only see an inch or two and the area will see 6"-12". As a plus, there are lots of places to get a good lunch, I recommend Pepinos and Lincoln Sandwiches.
First, we have no idea of his net worth he could be worth $10B or nothing we just don't know. What we do know is that a large portion of his wealth is based on his "brand" in particular the name Trump which he values somewhere between 2-4 billion. The Trump brand has taken a beating since Trump started running for office, his name has been removed from several properties because it was bad for business, in Chicago condos in his building have lost over 20% of their value and the hotel can't rent out it's water front business space because business owners don't want to be associated with Trump. So the question is does the Trump brand have any value now, would you pay more because Trump slapped his name on something, I would guess in most cases the answer is no.
I do consulting with the fed and I get tested every 5 years or so depending on the client.
Joe's going to let Kamila do his heavy lifts.
that's bullshit, a cheese burger with a D in front of their name should win, it's stupid purity politics that got us here in the first place. Quit sowing discord.
Really because she was speaker for 4 years and then got blown out of the water. In 2018 the Dems retook the house not because of Pelosi but because of the anti-Trumps and if Pelosi doesn't get her shot together she'll be out of a job in 2020 or sooner.
Critical Mass isn't "Bike the Drive" it is a protest, expect less than perfect behavior,
It doesn't matter if you love Joe or hate Joe, would you rather have Joe as president or LT Bonesspurs? For me it's a no brainer. I'll vote for a cheeseburger before Bonespurs.
I guess I pissed off the Orthodox Jews too but cheeseburgers are so good.
Actually it should be, while Kanye is an asshat he comes from a family of educated people, I believe his mom is a teacher at Chicago State University and he comes from a very middle class, white-ish neighborhood. In addition he's from the south side of Chicago and when you are talking about the Chicago machine politic and the ability to mobilize voters they are talking about people like Kanye and his mom.
No reason federal taxes should be discounted because you are fertile, no reason they should be discounted because you own a house or many other things and yet we do and again it was pretty much a pillar of the Republican dogma.
It's a trust issue, if you trust her who gives a fuck, she's not going home with them she's going home with you. People flirt even married people and people in relationships and it's fine as long as everyone stays in their lane. A guy was flirting with my wife when we were out and within 30 seconds my wife stopped the conversation and introduced me as the husband. I waved and went back to my beer. Again, I trust my wife and the boundaries were set within a minute. Now if he wanted to get handsy there would have been an issue but again that would have come from my wife and not me -she can handle herself and if she needed help I would step in but only if asked.
It's an island and if you are not connected with the university you are left out a bit. I used to live there and I have family that lives there and the story is always the same, if you want to do something you have to leave. This has gotten better over the years and it's 20 times better than it was when I was there but to be perfectly honest, unless you are a student I'd live somewhere else.
come on, nobody is going to 29th street by foot, McCormick place is too far of a trip (for people staying in the loop) unless you have to go to a convention. It needs to be easily accessible for tourists.
This is not going to go over well here but Bernie is just a lot of hot air and he's gotten worse since 2016. Warren on the other hand says a lot of the same things but has done the actual work to figure out how it might actually get done. I think Warrens biggest problem is she is a woman and prejudice runs very deep in this country.
Bernie, while I like a lot of his ideas, would probably be the worst guy to elect. Bernie has no base in office, he's an independent and cannot command the loyalty that a party member could, in the end he's an independent and isn't doing anything to support the Democratic party.
boy are you going to get down voted blaspheming Sanders.
Bernie isn't now and never has been a Democrat and Warren is, expect the party to support her over Bernie any day
in a knife fight, the winner dies in the ambulance on the way to the hospital.
I always tell inexperienced fighters to go for the face, if possible aim for the nose and swing for the bleachers. As you said most people don't want to fight and most people have never been in a real fight so if you can smash someone's nose there will be a lot of blood and the eyes will start watering and swelling almost immediately. That is usually enough to scare the shit out someone and ends the fight, if not they are going to have trouble seeing.
I had a roomie eat $40 in protein bars when he got high, I was pissed at first but he was a good guy and didn't mean it, I was mad for about 5 minutes.
They won't have the money to get into the business. Medical cannabis licenses to grow were about $400K and very limited. I'm sure the recreational will be higher and targeted to political pay backs, somebody who saved their pennys is not going to get in on this business.
Part of the problem is people are lining up for really shitty jobs. It's a pretty well known fact that when all is said and done a Uber driver makes less than minimum wage, so why do it, it's a scam. Honestly you could go work at one of the many many minimum wage jobs and make more money but then they'd lose their "freedom". In the unions we call that freedom to work for less. These companies wouldn't be in business if people didn't line up for the slave wages and people will work for slave wages because of "freedom", they want to set their hours and ride around in their car and listen to their music. Is that freedom worth making less than minimum wage? Personally, I think all the gig workers need to unionize and shut down these companies for a few days but that will never happen and at least under this administration you'll never get classified as employees so nothing is going to change.
&gt; ~~high profile~~ rich people FTFY
I did the whole thing myself, I had to call her friend to find out her ring size. I had a good jeweler and a bride that wouldn't wear a $20,000 ring if I bought it for her. I surprised the shit out of her.
Give Trump some time, he's already pissed off all our allies in favor of Russia and North Korea, he's well on his way to crashing the world's economy and he's trying to start a war with Iran for the hat trick and that doesn't even include the pissing on the constitution since he's been in office.
Yes there are I was surprised to find it out myself, look around 33rd and Racine, there are a few blocks of million dollar plus homes.
You can't charge more than the market will bear unless you want your apartment to be vacant and no land lord wants that.
no land lord wants a vacant apartment as it costs money. Are the vacancies you are seeing in condo-apartments because then you are talking about speculators who are hoping to make a flip on their property in a few years but if you are talking actual apartment buildings I can assure you that they want every unit filled.
this is why his plan is a joke. I don't like living in my middle class apartment in my middle class neighborhood, fuck it I'm moving to a phat highrise apartment in the city center with a kick ass pool and a doorman. Sure the rent is twice as much as my current apartment but the tax credits cover the cost.
It's only free to the OP grandma still has to pay for it.
I live in Andersonville and I'd love to live in Manhattan but to get the same kind of apartment I rent for 2100, it would easily be close to $4500 so I stay in Chicago. I have family in Manhattan and they make good money but are really working poor, the bang for the buck is a lot higher here.
shit, GWB had an MBA and he destroyed the economy. Trump was lucky to get through under grad, he are truly fucked.
dude people live in PA and commute into Manhattan. I could live out in Long Beach, 200yds from the ocean for about $1200/month and have a 45 minute commute into the city. Yes, I'd spend $200-ish a month on train tickets but where in Manhattan could I find an 1br apartment for $1400. Granted it's LI and it's boring as fuck 8 months a year but it is financially a good choice and TBH, you could just as easily have a 45 minute commute coming in from Brooklyn or from an odd corner of Manhattan so it's really just a choice; boring and cheap or exciting and expensive
you can taste the mercury.
Have your clothes tailored to fit you, you don't have to waste a lot of money on expensive labels as a $200 well tailored suit will look way better than a $1000 poorly fitted suit. Start with foundation pieces, pieces you can wear often and multiple ways and then expand out into things that you like that are your style but the number one thing is make sure they fit. &amp;#x200B; Edit: people with money don't wear labels or at least not loud obvious labels, if you have money nobody cares that you have a LV bag, they could have a LV bag too if they wanted one.
I got bumped up from business coming back from Korea, my company had bought me a full price business class ticket so I guess I was at the top of the list. It was crazy nice for a plane and the FA's were super cool. My biggest problem was that I had never flown international FC and I was so excited that I didn't sleep and I remember getting caviar which is not part of my normal diet.
I think he is a decent man and a good politician, which we'll need if we want to get anything done. I also think he has strong foreign policy cred and the next president will have to repair all the bridges Trump has set on fire and then shit on. He's behind the times a bit but not in a malicious way and I think that is comforting to the older crowd. That being said he is reasonable and has shown that he can and does change his mind and does good things, he was very involved in the LGBT issues in the military as well as women's rights. I also like Jill and I say this because Good presidents tend to have really good wives (see Obama, Clinton, Carter, Kennedy, Roosevelt). We shall see what the voters have to say, there are a few really good candidates and a bunch of people who are just running to get their names out there, which is also good -it builds a deeper bench. &amp;#x200B; Last thing is while removing Trump from office is job one a very close second is taking the Senate and not enough people are concerned about this. I'm not so worried that the next Democratic president won't immediately implement M4A because that isn't his job, it's the job of congress. We'll need a strong liberal congress and if that congress can deliver bills to the presidents desk, that Democratic president is going to sign those bills. If the Dems don't take both houses just expect 4 years of grid lock and screaming from Fox News.
I figured I've have a cool loft in the city, nope just an average apartment in the city nothing cool about it.
It's not the money that's the problem it's that you buy stuff with that money and then you need money. When I was poor I rented an apartment, all I had to do was make sure I had money to pay the rent. Now I own the building and I'm worried that my taxes will double or that I could lose my job and not be able to pay the mortgage and lose the house. Having money isn't an issue, it's having money and the losing it that's an issue.
it's really skin in the game. You can't pay your rent you move, there isn't much to it. On the other hand as an owner I worked my ass off for a lot of years to save up the money to get the down payment for the building and I've spent a ton of money and time (as a renter I never had to spend my weekend mowing the lawn, I never had to paint or fix a leaky sink or roof but I've done all of that as an owner). So if I lose my building I lose a lot more than just the place I sleep. Finally you seem to think owning an apartment/house is easy, it's not especially where I live. First you have to come up with 25% of the properties value just to buy the place so instead of getting pissed every weekend with my friends I put the money away. Instead of driving a cool car I put the money away and on and on -and that is just so you can own the place. Then you have cost of ownership, like I said above you don't worry about your stove breaking as a renter because the owner replaces it -well that money comes from somewhere. And you probably think that I'm just raking in gobs of money so it's no biggie if I have to buy a $1000 stove but that's not true, rent is set by the market -if your rent is too high nobody lives in your apartment but you still have to pay the mortgage so for the first couple of years rents not even cover the bills. All that being said, do not feel bad for me it's my chosen business/investment but it's not the money maker you think it is, it takes years to make money and decades before you make good money -it's a long game not a short game.
The Dow was down in 2018 and sideways this year, the tax cuts were bullshit, the 10y bond rate is less than the 90day rate and President Tariff Bonespurs is killing manufacturing and farming. This guy is a disaster for the economy.
boo fucking hoo, the gas tax hasn't moved since the 90's, we have to fix our roads and bridges and our federal dollars go to other states so where the fuck do you think it's going to come from?
welcome.
Some states/cities pay plenty in taxes, others not so much and now thanks to the Republicans the people in those states pay even more in taxes. Right now there are only 10 states in the union that pay more in Federal taxes than they get from the Fed, maybe those 40 other states need to raise their SALT and quit depending on the hard work of other people. I totally understand that certain states will never carry their own weight (I'm looking at you Wyoming), it's impossible but when it's 80% of the states we have a problem and the 10 states that are carrying the load have bills to pay too so those 40 states are propped up at the determent of 10 states. [https://www.governing.com/week-in-finance/gov-taxpayers-10-states-give-more-feds-than-get-back.html](https://www.governing.com/week-in-finance/gov-taxpayers-10-states-give-more-feds-than-get-back.html)
The OT thing is a lot of teachers own fault, they love their job so enough is never enough. I saw it with my mom, she spent so much on class room supplies and handout that she was actually losing money (it was a Catholic school and she was spending $40-50 a day on handouts). My brother spends $500+ a year for class supplies out of his own pocket. This is all their own doing, nobody made them they just want(ed) to be good teachers. Again, as a former teacher I call bullshit, if you want people to value your time you don't give it away. If it can't get done on company time it doesn't get done. Finally, Texas loves being a low tax/no tax state and maybe that is why they are 34th in education, you get what you pay for.
This should be higher. I totally get the aversion to pumping iron but for a lot of people especially young guys it's as much a social thing as it is a working out thing. In my opinion the OPs cousin isn't saying let's go lift weights as much as he's saying let's hang out. &amp;#x200B; If the OP doesn't want to hang out with his cousin he doesn't have to but he is family and you will be seeing the dude for the next 50-ish years so having some sort of connection isn't a bad thing.
It's pretty standard to do a mile warm-up, followed by stretching and drills and then sprints. Take lots of rest between sprints (doing sprints is like doing heavy singles in weight lifting- so lots of rest between sets) and then when you are done with your sprints do a 800-1600m cool down.
Glucosamine is effective in about 50% of people -it works for me but not my wife. Drink lots of water and try to retain some flexibility. Other than that take a couple of anti-inflammatories when you hurt, I hear CBD oil is great but I have no personal experience.
Every night at 11:00pm in Chicago for curfew.
some people just smell and it has nothing to do with hygiene -it's got to suck for them. I think it's pheromones.
while talking about their Crossfit workout and giving you a pamphlet to their contemporary church.
who cares, Americans are stupid and the optics are in Stewart's favor, people won't remember that the subcommittee only consists of 12 members but they will remember that there were 20 empty chairs.
Graham will be blowing something else.
Is there a three Nazi limit on Air Force 1?
MARINES Muscles Are Required Intelligence Not Essential Stupid
It just depends on the number of HDD/SSD's you buy. RAID 1 is really the way to go for all around performance and reliability. RAID 6 is just the "new RAID 5" which gives you the best bang for your buck, but because drives are so big now RAID 6 gives you the extra parity drive just in case 2 drives go tits up in a small window of time.
Give him back a few hours of being normal. Your friend knows he's sick and he's dying and has to live with everyone crying and feeling bad on top of the fact that he is going to actually die, give him a break from that if only for a few hours. When my buddy was dying I took him out for chicken wings and a picture of beer, because that is what we liked to do together -he loved wings and beer, I think he had a half a cup of beer and one wing but it didn't matter. We spent the whole time bullshitting about everything but him dying, it was never mentioned. We talked about cars and guns and his kids and stupid shit we've done. We did what we normally did when we got together and left it at that. When we were done I dropped him off and told him I'd see him next time. &amp;#x200B; For the record we live 1500 miles apart but we worked together for years and when our paths crossed we'd hang out. In this case I flew in to see him but told him I was in town for work, I didn't want him to have another person stopping by before he passed away, I was just his buddy stopping by like I always did when I was in town, just like normal.
Be careful with that, a lot of people bring food and the sick person can't eat much to the food piles up and it begins to look like a funeral.
My uncle was dying so I stopped by to visit and as I was leaving I asked if he wanted anything and his reply was "two 18 year old hookers and an once of blow". This was a man in his 70's who had lived the 60's and 70's to it's fullest so I replied, "Uncle X haven't you had your fill of hookers and blow yet?" and he said, "never".
Aren't you a little young to be looking at the marathon? If I were coaching you I'd suggest you stick to racing 10Ks and HMs for the next few years while you get stronger and faster. If are looking at 2024, I'd shoot for a fall 2022 marathon (Chicago maybe because it's flat and there will be a lot of fast people to run with). That will give you the option to run a spring marathon and a fall marathon if you don't make your qualifying in your first race. If you live somewhere near a college I'd talk to their coach about getting some assistance with your training, it's really hard to train at a high level alone, hopefully they can point you to a coach and/or people who are on the same track as you.
Of course he's shady but he's also a politician. We're not Alabama reproductive rights isn't an issue here. Cannabis was a no brainer, we need the money and the same goes for casinos -and don't forget only the well connected are going to get the permits to grow/sell so it's a give away. Last thing is the income tax, basically it screws Chicago which is popular with down state so it will likely pass.
What I found most interesting was the high numbers for continuing Obama's legacy, almost 80%, that bodes well for Biden.
has there been a merger in the last 30 years that has been good for consumers? Seems to me every time there is a merger, choice is reduced, service is decreased and prices go up.
angrily shoving his finger Really, he doesn't look angry, I believe he is smiling. It's just a picture with no context, you can read into it whatever you want and it seems many people have.
It also has to do with the number of multi-units being turned into single family homes.
TBF, all athletes are required to attend study hall and most programs have tutors for the players. In addition the stupid ones aren't in the computer engineering program or physics program they are in leisure studies and physical education. The dump ones aren't taking calculus they are taking introduction to basketball and they get to register first for classes so they don't have to take the "hard professors". Lastly, if the player really fucks up the coaching staff can always step in and talk to the prof and work something out for at least a short period of time. With all this are you surprised that they can pass their classes
and I was a D1 athlete in engineering, so there are always exceptions.
Oil prices have been tanking because there is too much supply, yesterday it was around $51/bb so if you are a oil country like SA and the USA a 4% bump is a lot of money.
And unlike Texas and Missouri we are not a subsidized city/state we pay for this out of our own pockets plus we are trying to pay the bills that were run up during the 90's by Daley and put on the city credit card.
Yes the population is shrinking but the people who are leaving are the working poor and the people that are moving into the city are the educated and affluent. Who puts more money in the cities coffers, a 40K/year factory worker who rents on the South Side or a $300K/year attorney that buys a condo in a high rise downtown? And statistically people with more money have fewer children so the burden of the public schools should be reduced and save us more money.
We could do better especially on the south side and it would be great to get a few move E/W El lines but in comparison we're doing pretty okay.
yea fuck them for trying to make a buck off their investment. I feel the same why when I pay $6 for a beer in a bar when I could buy the same beer for $1 at the liquor store, I mean who the fuck do they think they are charging that kind of money.
owners don't set the rent unless it's below market value, the last thing a owner wants if for an apartment to be empty because an empty apartment costs just as much money as an occupied apartment. Renters set the rent because if the rent is too high they will and can go elsewhere.
I see on Reddit all the time how people are so lonely, they don't know anyone and they have no friends, a solution to that problem is a bar, walk in, sit down, order the beverage of choice and start shooting the shit with the person next to you. See that has nothing to do with alcohol or getting fucked up, bar have been part of European/American culture for centuries and for centuries bars have been social gathering places and nothing has changed. I worked in bars for years and I knew guys who never touched a drop of booze but loved coming out to be social and I saw people drink their way to the grave. I don't recommend the latter but everyone has to find their own way in the world. As far as conversations, I've talked to Nobel laureates, a future president, cops, old school news men, drug dealers, movie stars and the guy down the street and the bar was the great equalizer.
If you are doing the work, I love it. I hired a brickie a few years back and this big dude comes up to me and I say great let me show you the job. He tells me that he's not the brickie, the brickie is in the car. Then he tells me it's a woman and do I have a problem with that, I said as long as she does good work and she busts her ass I'm good. She did not work but she was passive aggressive and would ask for stuff she needed so it cost me money and time. I'd still rehire her. TLDR: as long as you can walk the walk I don't care if you are a man, a woman or a fish.
small enough it can sneak into your bedroom and tell you what to do.
No need for the Republicans to go after Democratic candidates when Democrats will destroy their own.
Melania ~~was~~ is a high priced escort. -FTFY.
For an average man without and physical issues 315 is about right
Starting pay in Chicago is $60,000 that's with a BA/BS and 0 experience and it has one hell of a pension plan.
My bro with PHD and 14 years makes $48K. He's also been hospitalized by one of his students. He stays because he has tenure.
Any one can sue anyone over anything. There is no way the SC would take up that case, the EC giveth and the EV taketh away.
or anonymous to the candidate. Have all donations go through a FEC clearing house. The FEC can verify that the money is donated legally and then make a deposit into the candidates account once a week with no names attached. It's hard for a candidate to be beholding to some who can't prove they actually donated.
Gary wasn't all bad back then, it really wasn't until you crossed 80/94 that things got interesting. Even on that side there were decent places in Gary -I used to work at the National Park and would drive home to Ill via the locals when the expressway was backed up or under water. Now Gary is just a shell of what it used to be, it's like people don't live there anymore.
10 minutes from Gary could be Ogden Dunes which is pretty nice.
This is one of the thing that makes me laugh on Reddit. The president doesn't write or pass legislation, he only signs it (or not). If you want liberal/progressive bills you have to elect liberal/progressive congress people. Does anyone believe that Biden would veto a MFA or single payer bill that a Democratic congress passed, no fucking way, he'd sign it in a second. Right now the presidents are running the country by fiat (EOs) and the second the next president is in office those EOs mean nothing. If you want change it has to be via legislation, that's why the Republicans had such a hard time repealing the ACA.
more people will die under a Republican administration than under a Democratic administration even the most conservative one, so pick a side.
Don't confuse the possible with the probably.
why? Who did I cheat on? If you are in a realtionship, you need to keep your dick in check but if you are a free agent you did nothing wrong. I'm not saying it's right but it's not wrong. It's a shit move if you know but you don't owe anything to somebodies boy friend.
Make it "your party". What I mean by your party is that you need to command the room, If someone comes into the party introduce yourself, get their name and then leave (don't creep). As the evening progresses check in on the girls you are interested in, ask if they are having fun, ask if they need a drink, if they are open to conversation chat them up but whatever you do, do not creep. If they are digging you they will want to hang out with you and then it's all about your game.
What infrastructure would that be, a storefront? I live a few block away from one of the medical dispensaries and I would bet the second recreational cannabis becomes legal it will sell cannabis to recreational users. There isn't much to it outside political will and Illinois is making sure everybody gets paid off.
This is the way to go you will be so much happier not to be saddled with loans when you finish, you are used to living on the cheap so stick with it.
You can buy a nice (big) house in the city for$300K ish, that includes a decent yard, garage and sometimes even a drveway and you are 25 minutes from downtown via the metra.
more than hot air.
If you have roommates it's pretty doable with the exception of NYC and SFO. You will likely be eligible for Medicaid, so no health insurance bills. If you can avoid having a car you will be in good shape.
50%
Yep taxes went from 8K to 12K so rent goes up $400.
please don't call them conservative, they are anything but.
I know people are going to tell you to pay off your debts and then invest the rest and that is what you should do bu let me add something to that. Take a small amount of money ($1000) and spend it on yourself, be it clothes, a trip, something that you have wanted but couldn't afford, something that will increase your happiness. In an ideal world we 'd all be fine with delayed satisfaction but I'm a fan of mostly delayed satisfaction.
it varies property to property and state to state. Likely it will be nominal but it could be a few thousand dollars a year so it's something to take into consideration.
You can find places in the $200, but they need work and that seems to be a non-starter for a lot of people. Sadly, a huge section of the population has bought into the HGTV "Forever Home" bullshit and aren't interested in having a shitty little fixer to start with.
I think it's exactly the opposite. I think buying a big house (that is hard to afford) for a family that doesn't exist yet is weird. I think the idea of buying something fine size wise for a couple or a couple with 1-2 kids, that is inexpensive but doesn't have all the bells an whistles that you might want a smart idea. You can live there, gain the tax advantages, build equity and then as you get older and your salary increases you can sell it and buy the bigger house you want (and now can afford). And then when the kids leave you can downsize back to a starter because it's cheaper and you don't need the space and when you die the circle begins again.
If your shoes don't stink, take your shoes off at the desk, 90% of the women take their fancy shoes off when they are sitting at the desk, just slip them on when you are walking around.
don't if they need a hand they'll ask. When was the last time you asked some random dude if they need help, treat the guys in the chairs the same way.
10% of Sanders supporter were so mad that they didn't win that they voted for Trump. Think about that for a minute, between the pissed off Sanders supporters and the morons who voted for Jill Stein they elected Trump, the far left cut off their nose to spite their face. I guess when they said Bern it up or Burn it down they really meant it. So if he drops out which I doubt he won't do until the convention expect a large section of his followers to shift their support to Trump instead of a Democratic candidate.
yoga is great [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2gfbF3VUDs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2gfbF3VUDs)
I thought the old OTQT was based on the 100th fastest time of a us runner, then if 100 runners didn't make that time the following year for the trials then they would go to the B standard and let those guys in. It's been a long time and TAC was always a little nuts.
Unfortunately turning the marathon trials into a ball buster is likely one of the reasons Americans do so poorly at the Oly's. Other countries either choose their team or have their trials sooner, we expect our athletes to peak for the trials and then peak even higher a few months later and that is really had to do in a race that long (I think the same thing for the 10K and 5K).
There already is a technology that sucks co2 out of the air and turns it into “sand”. It costs about $100 per ton and the Swiss are doing it.
It favors people who went to private colleges and racked up huge bills getting a mediocre education. Why should we as a country have to pick up your 120K in student loans for your BA in Communications from Ripon when you could have gotten the same degree from UW Greenbay for $60K? I
Do you remember 2008, the fucking sky was falling. First thing is it was a Bush II bill and both Obama and Biden as wall as 73 other senators voted for the bill. It wasn't popular but at the time the economy was cratering and they figured this bill would help. Saying Biden put money in the hands of rich people is pure nonsense.
Actually it's really old school musician, especially black musicians. My neighbor who is in his 70's played with everyone from Little Richard to James Brown was telling me about touring with BB King and apparently BB gets paid in cash before he ever plays a note. They walk in, get their bag of cash, play and leave.
My first Univ club was a D3 school but the coach was a bit of a legend and coached lots of Olyimpans and was an Olyimpic coach himself. I was just a doe eyes high schooler when I joined their program. It was pretty cool because he always treated everyone equally, a seven year old was given the same respect as a world class runner. The school itself also tended to attract a unique group of people, some really talented others just people who liked to run. There was a core group of good runners, some college guys and some post college guys and you never knew who was going to show up. When I went away to Uni after the first club I went to a big D1 program and they had a huge club, lots of guys who had graduated or just could/wouldn't handle the stress of running on the team officially. We all practiced together and aside from away meets I just assumed we were all on the same team. Both were great experiences and shaped how I view training and coaching, I still give money to my first club even though it's a shell of it's former self.
no not at all. Both had a pretty open policy. If you wanted to run the workout that was fine, if not just don't get in the way. That being said they both had their program that they ran and were successful with so those that did stick around for any length of time would end up bending to the program because that was the best way to become successful -it also didn't hurt that you always had people who were faster than you to train with.
I don't think it's genetic I think it's due to the years and years for training that got them to the elite level.
That's the problem with these old boys clubs is that as long as you go away they leave you alone no matter what you did. Bush II lied us into a way we're still fighting but Pelosi said "impeachment is off the table" and Obama wanted to look forward and not back. Frankly I think the American people are past that and we want our pound of flesh. These guys are unapologetic criminals and they all need to be stripped of their wealth and sent to prison for a very long time, being voted out of office is no longer good enough -but likely the outcome.
I said 44, that way I could retire after the kid graduated from college.
and Technically we haven't been in a war since WWII.
Anyone who uses " crazy liberals " has drank so much Republican cool-aide that there is no hope to assimilate them back into normal society and it's best just to shun them and wait for them to die off. There is no changing of the true believers so don't waste your time or energy.
So you are saying leave the kids out of the fight? Kinda like how a teen aged Chelsea Clinton was savaged on a daily basis on conservative radio? Kinda like when they spread the rumor that the Obama girls were smoking pot? Do I even need to mention Amy Carter? The right has no problem going after the children of Democrats but are shocked and appalled that anyone would say a bad thing about a 35 year old man who when he's not laundering money for the Russians is a mouth piece for his father, sorry we didn't pick this game but we can certainly play it.
We live in a country where you are innocent until proven guilty, if you don't believe me ask the accused rapist, Russian money launderer, con-man, grifter and alleged child molester who lives in the White House and has the title of President. Until this person is proven to have spit into anything be careful about what you say about her.
Not true, fake news, Eric was not his type.
I thought I was clear and I checked and I never used the word but so let's try this again. I have no problem with anyone spitting on a Trump.
Violations of the Hatch act are reported to the persons supervisor (Trump) and the punishment is at their digression, so Trump gets to choose the punishment- so nothing. When all this shit is over we are going have to spend a lot of time rewriting laws so they have actual teeth and people who break laws cannot be sheilded by the administration or their occupation. Sadly, I doubt it was happen.
I understand completely, I'm no fan of Pence. That being said I just don't see the controversy, Taylor is a Christian college in Indiana. Pence is a very "christian" VP from Indiana. As the dean of the university I might shy away from Trump and Pence for being huge assholes but I wouldn't resign, people got all shitty when Obama spoke at graduations when he was president.
I used to know quiet a few people from Taylor, I am not a Christian, and they were all really nice people despite our differences.
A lot of Indiana thought it would be better to get rid of Pence and make him the VP than keep him as the Governor. It's pretty funny that Pence makes Dan Quale look good.
silly, that would be Jared.
in CF they call the trainers coaches use the term loosely. They also call their members elite athletes again use that term loosely.
you need to visit them. Talk to the owner or head coach and then workout a couple of times. If you think something is wrong it probably is.
exactly you can be medicorce are everything. Not strong, not fast, not a lot of endurance but a little of each.
Gabbard is so fetch.
Fuck Mueller, who the fuck does he think he is? Congress needs to stop pussyfooting around and just subpoena everyone from the get go. Give them a date and time and if they fail to show up then find them in contempt of congress and either lock them up or fine them to the point that they will be bankrupt in 30 days. This back and forth non-sense is a waste of the peoples time and should not be tolerated, not by Mueller and not by anyone else. For gods sake Dems grow a pair.
I'd rather deal with a compromised Dem than a compromised Rep.
Extra cash, who the fuck has extra cash, is one persons job real where another is not, this is all just corporate bullshit not to pay their workers.
We had a dot bomb company like that in Chicago, they'd delivery anything from a pack of gum to condoms. They didn't last too long. you have to wonder how long Uber is going to last burning millions of dollars a day.
This is one of the things that pisses me off about out property taxes. I lived in Beverly for a long time and ended up selling my house for about $400K, the property taxes were about $4000. I bought my new (old) house in Edgewater for $5000K and my taxes were $8000. There's no rhyme or reason some areas get discounts and other areas get screwed it's arbitrary.
The selling of cannabis anywhere in the US is illegal federally. At anytime the US Marshalls can show up at any state licensed dispensary or grow house, shut it down and take everything to a field and burn it. Under Obama he told the DOJ to stand down and let the states handle it. Under Trump it's a bit more in limbo as the first AG was very anti-cannabis and Barr is no fan, we shall see. &amp;#x200B; Biden changing cannabis from a schedule 1 to a schedule 2 drug because very simply a schedule 1 drug is illegal period where a schedule 2 drug is not. This is a good thing because then the US Marshalls can't show up on your door step and burn all your plants, it give the states a lot more power.
She must have gotten to the pot shop early, from what I heard the wait was 6 plus hours.
That would be a cool ticket but I think Harris is going to be Biden's VP. It will solidify his black voters and boost his women voters and she's not a scary socialist.
I stand corrected...I knew that, sorry, it's my Monday.
You have to either know someone or kill someone to get into that union, it's a great job and pays really well.
Houses usually appreciate and that RV is only going to lose money, I would guess maintenance will be similar in costs.
One word, Enron. Having a large protion of you investments, in particular your 401K, in you employers is a bad thing you are over exposed to any issues that could happen at your company. I'd dump the company stock and put it into an index fund.
&gt;KVM only makes sense buying from Redhat ( This is the difference between Enterprise and not Enterprise, you don't use unsupported software and whitebox hardware. If you buy a server you buy it from HPE or Dell and if you are running Linux you are running RHEL or SLES. Supported software/supported hardware with people to call when everything goes tits up
NetApps has great support. HPE incorporated Nimble's Inforsite into there hardware so now if something breaks they get notified and will send someone out no questions. The best part in my opinion is that now when you call support you go directly to L3 and you don't have to fight your way through the L1/L2 guys who want to verify what you already know.
&gt;Obama's early and vocal criticism of that war said a lot It was really freaking easy for Obama to lob bombs about Iraq, he didn't have to vote on the issue he was safe and sound in Illinois. Don't get me wrong I like Obama, he was my state senator, but he would have voted along with everybody else if he was a senator, he just lucked out and didn't have to vote.
so you support Trump.
it will be fun to watch.
it looks like your mom is going to have to down size, she's making \~$60K/year and spending $120K on just essentials. If you want your sibs to go to college and you more to live comfortably you're going to need a life style change. How old was your dad? I'd suggest talking to a financial planner as much as I really don't like them, they can look at your situation as a whole, look at the goals and then tell you what you need to do. I'm sorry for your situation but you are better off than a lot of people. Best of luck.
Lipinkski is a Tennessee carpet bagger, he has no right representing Illinois.
That's because tech is easy now. I'm an older X'er but I was probably one of the first 5 people in my HS to have a computer of any kind in my home. Back then you got a computer with an OS on it, no other software, nothing. There wasn't an internet to speak of and software was hard to come by and expensive. If you wanted to do anything on your computer you have to learn to code and then figure it out on your own. Granted we were building on the shoulders of the tech pioneers but it sure wasn't easy - it's not like now where if you want to do something you can look around and reuse someone else's code, you were always reinventing the wheel. Today you just use somebody else's wheel and it's become so easy, chances are if you can think it somebody has already written an app for your phone with a pretty little GUI, so yes to do what we did 35 years ago requires almost no technical literacy. It's just a natural evolution, the inside gets more complex and the outside gets easier -just look at cars for another example.
Every day. But I also have my eyes on the prize, retirement. As you get older time moves quick, 20 years is a blink of an eye so you just power through. If I don't die of a heart attack or some nasty disease in 13-ish years my butt will be sitting on a sailboat off the coast of Spain where I'll drink wine, eat good food and get all the sunshine I can deal with.
It’s shameful that this treasonous asshole will do less time than a person convicted of pot possession.
8 more years and the cap will go away. Sure 51% goes to the upper incomes but 49% is working people in blue states that pay high taxes to support red states.
and.....what are they going to do if he does start a war impeach him? He can do as he pleases until their are 70+ Democratic senators (because a few would defect) and that is just not going to happen anytime soon. Congress is a toothless dog barking at a crazy man that knows that the dog can't bite..
Iowa. They're pissed, Trump is fucking with their corn and soy beans.
How about learning how to kayak? The NOC is a lot of fun. [https://noc.com/lessons-training/paddling-school](https://noc.com/lessons-training/paddling-school)
A bench and squat rack where the dining room table should be, likely covered in dirty laundry.
The Olympics has always been political, the IOC just doesn't like it when the althetes don't tow the "I'll do whatever the IOC/USOC tells me to do/say". Fuck that. [Heaven forbid that you want to call attention to human rights.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1968_Olympics_Black_Power_salute) Colin Kapernack proved if you are an athlete nobody wants you to speak.
I'm a government contractor, the DOD is just a jobs program, a very expensive jobs program. Regarding Medicaid/Medicare, as I said we already provide health care of 1/3 of the nation, so it's not a stretch. For the older people a simple buy into the program would be great, it would expand the pool with younger healthier people so that's a good this. For the under 18, several states already do this and a 1% tax to payroll taxes and be done with it kids are cheap and usually healthy, the really sick ones are on Medicaid anyway.
most Americans already have a wealth tax it's called property taxes. Every year most peoples largest asset (their home) is taxed at around 2%+.
Biden wants to reclassify cannabis from a schedule one to a schedule 2 drug, while that may not seem like a lot it's huge. A Schedule 1 drug is a drug that has no use at all and needs to be wiped from the face of the earth. Schedule 2 means it's a bad drug but it can be researched and most importantly people can use it legally on a federal level. That means all the cannabis shops can operate legally, it basically kicks it to the states and while it would be great if it was legal across the country we're just not there, give it another 10 or so years.
The fact that Bernie comes is openly a socialist does a lot of the Republican's work for them. They are already going to call Biden some wild eyed liberal that is going to tax America out of existence and mandate everyone get abortions and become gay, imagine what they are going to do to Bernie. Bernie is going to be painted as slightly to the left of Stalin, he'll be savaged. Add to that that nobody has really come out and attacked Bernie, unlike the other Democratic candidates, we'll see what happens. I know the Bernie people are down with Socialism but it scares the shit out of a large section of voters, people are okay with a little socialism but not so okay with a lot of socialism.
Thank you is the proper response, but a grown ass man can take a complement gracefully and doesn't get flustered. It comes in time.
"bless your heart" ?
yea and the referendum and $5 will buy you a small cup of coffee at Starbucks.
It would be nice but shit moves slow in this country. I'm fifty years old and I remember what a big deal the ERA was in grade school and just a couple of weeks ago I heard it might finally past, ffs this is just saying men and women get equal rights not allowing adults to have the freedom to put things in their body of their choosing -that's a bridge too far for a large section of freedom loving Americans.
BFD, they could have pictures of Trump robbing a liquor store, video of Trump admitting that he robbed a liquor store and eye witness testimony of two bus loads of nuns that they saw Trump rob said liquor store and the Republicans in the Senate wouldn't convict because it's just a witch hunt and there is no evidence that there even is a liquor store let a lone that Trump exists so it's impossible to even fathom that anything has ever been robber.
If you have the opportunity to talk to her after/before class, just ask her a question about the class -"Did you understand what the prof was saying about ......?". If she answers and is nice finish the conversation with "thanks, I'm Yah by the way". That's it. If you get a name great, if not don't sweat it, now you can say hi to her anytime you see her. From there it's up to you or her as if you are going to talk more. If she seems interested feel free to chat her up. If she seems interested and smart ask her if she has a little time where you could "pick her brain" - If I buy you a cup of coffee could I ask you a few questions, you seem to understand this stuff and I must be missing something".
do you think Trump will do it to keep the tokers at home during the election?
Republicans will never support it nationally
I understand what you are saying, we want to tax someone on an unrealized gain and it’s unfair because that stock price could just as easily go down as it could go up. Well we already have a tax like this that huge numbers of people already pay, it’s called property taxes. Every year I get a tax bill based on the estimated value of my house, nobody seems to think that it wrong.
making $20K a month before getting out of bed.
If you want to socialize medicine, beef up SSI and reduce tuition to a reasonable amount raise my taxes. If you are going to continue to cut services, weaken SSI so you can continue to "borrow from the program" and let college tuition continue to skyrocket, fuck you between Federal and SALT I pay close to 50% in taxes and I'm just a working slug in a high tax state.
I'm not a Bernie supporter but his shtick is it would be cheaper over all to have universal heath care and pay for it via taxes than what we pay for health insurance now and he's probably right. The issue is marketing, telling someone you're going to slap them with a 5% income tax to cover health care pisses people off, they fail to realize that they are probably paying 8-10% for insurance already, but most people never get that far. The rest of the freebies are supposed to be paid for by "the rich" or by cutting defense. People forget that the defense program is really a huge jobs program for Republican states and "rich" is a pretty nebulous term and my concern is rich will devolve into anybody above the average income which is just a way to tax people who live in HCL cities.
being a part time shitty carpenter and a $50 a month writer isn't employment. Hey, it's okay, I get it Bernie was living the socialist dream and that's what he was about but a 20 year gap in employment for an "Ivy league" graduate is pretty questionable. Getting your power shut off doesn't ring fiscal responsibility.
&gt; he literally went to marches led by MLK got any proof about that? Other than the march on Washington, which wasn't "marching with King".
Bernie's biggest talking points isn't what he has done but what he has said no to, as you said no is an easy vote.
when did you become the arbitrator between what is and what isn't a Democrat?
Got any proof about his mental health or are you just an arm chair shrink. You know what we do have proof of is Bernie's heart attack and that the average life span for someone over 74 is 3.1 years, so you'll be lucky if he lasts 2 years in the WH
I'm in professional services but a bunch of our SE's decided that what we do can't be that hard so they decided to "help the customer" do it on their own. Between the SEs and the customer they screwed it up four ways till Sunday. The customer was rightfully pissed and it had gone far enough up the chain that they had brought in an escalation manager (never a good thing). My boss figured I had some free cycles so he threw me to the lions, it took a couple of hours to straighten everything out but I had at least a half dozen SEs on the line watching and trying to see more stuff while I was working. I prefer it when sales does their job and leaves the technical stuff to the technical folks there's less chance of stuff getting screwed up.
It's the stress, I think we'd all much rather me bartending at some cabana in Costa Rica but the pay sucks so most of us just deal until we have enough money to retire.
&gt; they've been trying to get him out since day 1. That's nonsense, he had a more than friendly congress for the first two years in office. Democrats did not filibuster everyone of his bills (unlike Obama) and the current congress has worked with him to pass bills (again unlike the Republicans with Obama). It's not Congress's fault that the president doesn't obey the law or the constitution, I don't believe that doing your job is being out to get someone.
and by they you mean that all the Republicans do is complain that Trump is being treated unfairly? I'd agree with that.
it's the quiet ones you have to watch out for, didn't you learn anything from the Simpsons? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeHflFNR4kQ
Those look like wetsuits. You can be fine for a while in a thick enough wetsuit. Remember they are on boards so they aren't in the water very much. Drysuits tend to be baggier and are not really good to surf in, too much drag. Lastly, fuck that, the water is way too cold to paddle out for those tiny waves. But 25 years ago I would have been right there with them.
it's a great job, you are highly paid and you never have to do anything.
All that money he saved by not hiring a diplomatic corps can be redirected to pay for his and his children's golf trips. It's a win/win.
I understand but the numbers I had were K-8 and frankly if there are turf wars at that age then the parents need to figure that shit out. The gang war thing just doesn't hold that much water for me as we had Disciples and Latin Kings in the same HS and nobody got killed and that was back when the murder rate was at it's height, some time we gotta learn to get along.
Let's call Ivanka and just for fun Sean Hannity.
So congress agreed to a $2T deal with Trump and the Dems come back with a $1T deal with a Democratic president, WFT? IT doesn't matter, all the money will go to the Red and swing states as usual leaving the blue states to fend for themselves as usual. Maybe that's why people vote republican, low taxes and somebody else pays your bills.
I'm a bit of a Region rat, I love a Schoops Micky but I though the Region was really disappointing, I had high hopes and it failed miserably
For gods sake Sanders is an admitted socialist, do people not think that will be an issue? They painted Obama a centrist as the next Stalin what do you think they are going to do to Bernie? He's going to be savaged. Expect to see all those pictures of him in Russia in every commercial with all sorts of communist quotes and that is how he'll lose the rust belt/Midwest/the country.
Rich East
A sloppy drunk is never attract long term or short.
This needs to be higher. My old roommate was a great guy but he had a face only a mother could love but the guy could dance his ass off. I swear we'd go to clubs (I hate clubs) and before I can buy a drink he's out on the dance floor with 3 girls and it wasn't just one time it was all the time. He ended up marrying way out of his league and has three beautiful daughters, thank god they took after their mother. Learn to dance, meet lots of girls.
First let me say that I have to agree with Bernie, I don't think a women could win the presidency in the US we saw it all play out in 2016 where the most qualified presidential candidate lost to the most unqualified presidential candidate because she was a woman. That being said the Bernie people refuse to see the elephant in the room that this will all be fodder in the general election. Aside from painting Bernie as the next coming of Lenin he's going to be painted as a misogynist. We already have a ton of articles from 2016 about Bernie not paying his people equally and that women were being sexually harassed. Add that with quotes from his early writing and he's not looking so good. Don't dismiss this stuff because if Bernie does win the primaries all this shit is going to come back with a vengeance and all the explaining won't undo the damage.
Does it seem like Bernie has gone full on Trump persecution complex and paranoia? Aside from the Donald nobody is more picked on than the Bern. I swear those to are looking more and more like the opposite side of the same coin.
I hate to say someone is unqualified to be president because nobody has experience being president, but that being said being mayor of Southbend isn't qualification for being president, same as doing a hitch in the Navy. I'd love to see him run in 10-15 more year after he's been governor of Indiana or Senator but he just doesn't have the depth yet. for gods sake we are seeing what happens when you have a totally unqualified person in the WH, it's a mess.
Really, she has staffers that remember the conversation, what does Bernie have? Honestly, I don't see the problem, I could totally see Bernie saying that and not thinking anything about it because I don't think the US would elect a woman, this isn't radical thinking it's just acknowledging that we are a sexist country which we are.
He was also has complaints of sexism and discrimination from 2016 and a articular he wrote that was misogynistic but don't take that into account.
You mean the suit filed with the NLRB in 2019, I don't think Clinton give two shits about Bernie since he lost to her in 2016, this is all Bernie. https://www.cnbc.com/2019/07/25/former-bernie-sanders-staffer-alleges-retaliation-for-union-activities.html
Early 80's was the big ass Run-DMC chains, it wasn't until the later 80's that the leather Africa pendant showed up as a response to the $20,000 chain
No wars? Massive increase in the debt/deficit. Stock market propped up by the massive stock buy backs and the markey did better under Obama.
I don't know about that, if I saw I am a POC how can you prove otherwise?
I picked it out. I had a jeweler and I told them I was looking for a ring, they asked what I wanted to spend and then showed me a few rings. I ended up settling on a ring/setting that the jeweler made so it's very unique. I didn't know her ring size but her BFF would always borrow one of her rings when we were out so I called her and asked her what size ring she wore (she had already been married so I knew she'd know her size). If she didn't know the size I would have taken one of her rings to the jeweler. So, my recommendation is go find a jeweler, if you live in a large city go to jewelers row and look around, there are lots of small shops with good deals -do not a mall or a chain jeweler store, you'll pay more and get less. Finally, if you do go to a smaller jeweler ask if they give a cash discount and they'll usually knock off 10-15%. Finally, start saving money and don't buy the ring on credit, getting married is expensive and you don't need debt and don't fall for the 2-3 months salary bullshit, spend what you can afford remember it's the though behind it not the size of the rock......oh, you don't have to do diamonds, fake diamonds are awesome as well as other gem stones like rubies, sapphires and emeralds.
For 7 grand you kiss ass for two weeks, it worth it.
and...what are you going to do about it? My guess is nothing. Trump has figured it out he can do whatever the fuck he wants as long as he's president and there isn't shit anyone or anything can do about it. He is in fact a king. Impeach, what a fucking joke, so what he doesn't even have to show up let alone testify and it takes 66 votes to remove him, good luck ever getting 66 votes from a bicameral body it's just not going to happen. Enjoy America, we voted for this nut job, hopefully we'll do better next time.
Has that changed in the last several years. Long ago in the 80's everybody in engineering had shitty GPAs, you were a rocket scientist if you had a 3.0. A lot of this had to do with all the weed out classes where it was pretty common for 2/3s of the class to get a D or below, from what I understand that practice is no long in place.
Yankee here, I like Alabama the people are friendly and the food is great. Places like Huntsville and Tuscaloosa look totally livable to me. That being said once outside the city there were a lot of scary toothless hillbillies.
Yes. I believe there are a couple levels above journeyman here, first you are a licensed plumber which allows you to sign off on installations, I'm not really sure what a master plumber is other than all my uncles and my grand father were master plumbers.
Go buy a Hamilton, it’s a respectable watch from the watch snobs and they are under $1000. It’s says I like cool watches but I work for a living vs thanks mom and dad for the graduation present. The bank I worked at was very conservative and flashy anything was looked down upon.
Here's the problem, this is not something minor this is destroying the trust in government. If the national archives is willing to change a photo not to upset the president what next, maybe the National Weather service changing their hurricane forecast to a line with with the president said. And if the government is willing to change trivial things not to upset the president what about important things like the economy, the unemployment rate or even another country attacking our troops. How can we trust our government when they lie about the little things, we must assume that they must be lying about the big thing
Not a Fed employee but a contractor and you need to take this job. I know you like your job and the people you work with but you will work with other good people. You can't really beat the stability of working for the government, even when they shut down you end up with a paid vacation. Personally I'm not looking for a fed position right now but I work with a lot of contractors that would kill to be in your position.
I prefer the Tao of Steve [Be desireless, be excellent and be gone.](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLF160447E4B2E074E)
He averages over 150 lies per day, I'd just assume his hate of corruption is just another lie.
we have lots of mixed income areas but they are not popular areas to live. When was the last time you heard people demanding affordable housing in Morgan Park? You don't, but people want cheap housing in popular areas and since when are you entitled to live where ever you want?
&gt; landlords will always max rent for a given unit. That's not true at all. Ask a landlord, if you have a good tenant you likely won't raise the rent. My neighbor hasn't raised his rents in 3 years. I had tenants where I didn't raise the rent for 4 years. I'd love to not raise my rent this year but the property tax increase was brutal and I can't absorb the entire amount. Remember rent is always at market rate or below, if it's too high people will just rent elsewhere and a vacant apartment is the last thing a LL wants.
I'll say it again, Trump figured out that he can do whatever he wants as long as the Senate won't remove him. Basically he's a king until he's been replaced.
&gt;he’s not part of the establishment. Actually he's not part of the Democratic party even though he using their infrastructure to get elected. Should anyone be surprised that the leaders of the Democratic party are not big Bernie fans.
You can go to spain right now for less than a trip to Florida. International travel can be cheap if you look for good deals.
I do rent but some day if money wasn't an issue I'd love [a Swan 54](https://www.nautorswan.com/yachts/models/swan54/)
They're not new, I remember the same group of idiots from back in the 70's. They were fighting the ERA because they didn't want women using the men's bathroom (sound familiar).
Bespoke. Really it's cheaper to get a shirt made to your measurements than it is to buy a decent shirt off the rack and get it tailored to fit. Remember the biggest thing about dressing well is the fit. You can get customer dress shirts for under $70 and a good dress shirt can run over $100.
I tried that way back when. It's a lot better now that you can actually make/keep prize money. I basically spent 2 years living on my buddies couch training and trying not to go broke/starve before the trials. It was a hell of a lot of fun but not being a long distance runner you are kinda limited on how you can make money and I wasn't good enough for appearance fees. It's good to have a club to support you, mine got me into meets and paid the entry fees but everything else was up to me. Coaching wise I was really lucky, my college coach I saw quite often and I trained with a really good group of guys that stepped me up a level from college -it's funny how when you run with really fast runners you rise to their level almost with ease, it seemed almost impossible to run that fast in college. What's your event?
then don't you think he shouldn't be running as a Democrat?
At least on a federal level it's because you can't get fired that there are so many shit workers. The phrase "screw up move up" is used quite often and you see it in practice. I've seen managers that were sleeping at their desk every time I came into the office, I guess it's better to pay them a high salary so they don't get in the way of business. Also, since they can't be fired, you will next see anyone doing extra, once they've worked their 7.5 hours they are sprinting out the door it doesn't matter if they are in a meeting or 60% through a project they are gone and won't return until tomorrow. It's frustrating trying to get things done quickly. All that being said I think for the most part the government is filled with people trying to do a difficult job with not a lot of money and very little support.
it's not so much rich people but trying to convince a poor white guy he's got it better than the poor black guy is a hard sell
Do take into consideration that the English were masters of the double entendre.
&gt; At this point, embrace him or lose. that's what the primaries are for, don't tell me who I have to embrace before a single vote is cast.
If you can get in and have a few dollars consider going over to Europe for the summer series, I knew a few guys that did that and they came back a lot faster. I screwed up on my college choice, I went to a big program with a serious middle distance program -emphasis on distance. I went from running 25 miles a week to 110 really fast and it killed me, I'd run my best times at the first meets of the season because I was just too tired from all them miles. He was an incredible coach but he had a stable of middle distance runners so if you were under performing he/they just didn't care and the next guy would take your place. When I started training on my own (with my training partners) I dropped down to 40-ish miles a week and my times dropped. They didn't drop enough but it was fun. Best of luck to you and keep the the left.
I'll shut the fuck up when you do.
The problem with populism is that people get really pissed when they figure out they've been lied to. Bernie actually does believe what he's saying, I don't doubt that, but Bernie has never gotten anything done. There is no way in hell anything he has been proposing will get passed, there isn't the will or the votes in congress. So in 4 years when nothing has gotten done where will we be, will all the populists move on to the next conman and we end up with someone as bad as trump? So much of Bernie's base is under 30 and they are passionate and loyal to Bernie (a lot like Trumps followers except the age thing) and right now they are fighting the "one true Scottsman" fight, nobody (except Bernie) is liberal enough. It's a losing battle as far as I'm concerned and puts off the vast majority of Democratic voters. This is nothing new, this is the same "never trust anyone over 30" crap we've seen before or candidate like Stevenson and McGovern (both losers). You may want to be inspired, I want to win because while the most conservative Democrat might not inspire you but he's still head and shoulders better than the most liberal Republican.
I'm old so I've always paid at least the first time, but I never minded when someone reciprocated.
He would have to join the party to be kicked out of it. I get what you are saying I also thing Bernie is a spoiler and I think he knows it too.
You sound like you went through the same stuff I did, I needed speed work and we just logged lots of miles -I got stronger but slower.
She's probably the best candidate on paper but I just can't see her winning. I could see her as Sec of Labor or Chairman of the Fed, that would be interesting. The question is would the country be better served just leaving her in the Senate?
I'm not sure why you'd want to celebrate traitors, they should have been hung and not have a holiday named after them.
absolutly. I'll vote for a cheese burger if it has a D in front of it, but I'd happily vote for Warren.
I remember seeing Arcade Fire at the first year of Lalapoloza, they played at 4:30 on Friday and there were probably 30 people.
I feel you. My wife will take me out for my b-day and we got somewhere nice and have a nice meal, but she has not job so I have to buy my own meal.
Find someone who treats you well and is kind not just to you but in general. A lot of young guys are idiots until they are in their mid to late 20's, some never out grow the idiot, so if you are hinting at things like, "I like you" or "let's have sex" or "I wish you'd do ....." you may have to stop hinting and just spell it out in small easy words. Bring your own condom, don't trust a guy to have/wear one -remember you're the one that will get pregnant not him. If he is abusive in anyway cut him lose and be done with him. Keep in mind that the odds are that your first boy friend won't be your last, breaking up is part of growing up.
This is really age dependent. If you are a life guard making $8/h in HS he's probably doing okay. If you are a life guard and 33 years old making $8/h there's likely an issue. If your a bartender at 23 because you haven't found the right career yet, you're probably fine. You're even fine if your 40 and a professional waiter, but you have to understand that you are not married to a 9-5 suit guy either. The guys you have to watch out for are the ones who just can't keep a job, they've done a lot of stuff but usually for a short period of time and they always get fired/quit because of somebody else.
What's a woman called who's married and doesn't have a job....a house wife. What's a man called who's married and doesn't have a job...a bum.
of course a tshirt is part of the American male uniform. As long as it's in good condition and you aren't going to a formal/semi-formal/any thing business related a tshirt is fine.
I'm a big dude, I don't look good in dresses and high heels hurt my ankles. Yes, if I get caught up in something I'll work 10-14 hours without thinking about it. I also miss after work drinks with co-workers, but I'd still rather work for home and not have to dress or commute
Don’t feel bad, I migrated a bunch of win2k servers this summer. Some rebooted fine, others took 8 hours of reboots to come up, but they all came up.
pretty much, it would just create another welfare state.
the water is too damn cold and you have big ass sharks.
when I was dating my social circle wasn't that big maybe 50 people and if you couldn't date a friends ex after a while you'd run out of people to date. You're right to a certain degree, you don't want to swoop in on your buddies ex two weeks after a messy breakup but if I want to date her six months down the road, I don't need to ask and he shouldn't care.
We can agree on the Iowa chop but after 3 summer detasseling I don't even like seeing corn. I will trash Iowa because it really has devolved and it's a little sad. It's always been small town but it was also progressive, forward thinking and well educated. Now you have an actual white supremisist as one of your representatives and he gets re-elected year after year and the same goes for your Senators -Chuck used to me reasonable but in the last 20 years has gone bat shit crazy. As far as friendly people, yes and no, I think they are friendly if you are white and christian but if you aren't not so much. Would you like me to continue?
I usually do my surfing in Daytona/New Smyrna which has a super high number of shark attacks but it's usually a confused shark but your waters have great whites and they don't seem to have a sense of humor.
I can only assume that “stab’n cabin” is painted on the back
Not a good job but a job. Sorry that you’re only making $30k a year instead of $60k, get a roommate or two, you can afford to live on your own, there’s no excuse to live with your parents you’re not entitled to their life.
Nonsense, only certain parts of California and NYC have this problem the rest of the country is pretty reasonable especially when you don’t expect to live in the most popular area
I hate to be an old man about this but way back in the 90’s it was a point of pride not to live with mommy and daddy if you were in your 20’s. A lot of us didn’t really have an option, once you finished college or turned 18/21 your time was up , go find an apartment and gtfo. There wasn’t any savings up for traveling or a house you did that on your own. When I finished college there was a recession so there weren’t any good jobs so we took what we could get, but there was no way in hell that we would move back in with mom. Was it hard, at times but most of us survived and I really think I am better off having struggled in my 20’s because I no I can get by being really poor if I have to. I also had a lot of fun and had a lot of friends that were all in the same boat
The hand was a good option but then you could only meet two girls. It you meet three you have nowhere to write down the number without getting pegged as a player.
Where I live that's a good thing. I live in the city and we have about a 3 minute response time for the police. Some people say that a lot can happen in 3 minutes and feel a need for a firearm, which I don't have a problem with but here's the issue. My neighbor is literally 5 feet from my wall and I have another one on top of me. The one's to the side are separated by windows and walls and upstairs buy some plaster and some oak flooring. If I fire my .45 into the ceiling to scare the intruder I could easily shoot my upstairs neighbor. If I shoot at the intruder that round could easily enter one of my side neighbors houses. Some people are cool with friendly fire, I am not, which is where a shotgun comes in very nicely. They make a lot of noise and depending on what's in the shell they can slow down or kill an intruder but as you indicated that buckshot is not leaving my apartment which means it's safer. I'm not defending a homestead in the wild west so I don't need to be armed like I am.
I'd go with a pump shotgun with a "short barrel". The sound of chambering a round is unmistakeable and could make an intruder leave on the spot. If they don't leave a shotgun has a wide spread so aiming isn't as important and with a pump you have more than 2 shots which hopefully will be more than you would need.
I was waiting for this answer, most residential locks are complete shit and are basically a nice way of asking a crook not to come into your house. Get a good lockset and a supplemental deadbolt, make sure your house is locked up at night and then don't worry about it. If you feel the need get a bat or a dog. The chances of someone breaking into your place is very low and even lower if you tighten up your security.
What does he like to do for fun and more importantly what doesn't he like to do? I had a buddy who loved to go out and drink but really disliked strip clubs. It was really hard on his stag night because a lot of guys wanted to hit the strip club and the groom was against it. You gotta put his wants at the top of the list, so if he hates Vegas, you're not going to Vegas.
Isn't it premature to give out an endorsement?
Lots of couples go ring shopping, I would say half of the people I know did this.
All this is true but certain countries have limited access points so a government could shut down those connections and access to the outside world would be cut off.
They estimate 2mm Trump voters will die between 2016&amp;2020 but everything depends on young people voting and their track record is not very good.
Understand, you were in Texas and they are weird compared to the rest of the country. I’d also agree that a lot of us are ignorant of other countries, Americans don’t travel a lot internationally. All that being said the us does a lot of things right and a lot of things wrong, just like a lot of countries.
They don’t have to be rich or upper class, they could just be older and frugal. When you’re been employed for 25 plus years at a decent job you can have a decent chunk of money in your savings. Don’t get me wrong writing a check for $50000 would be really painful but it wouldn’t break me. Take a look at the people over in personal finance, they aren’t rich people they just tend to be people who follow a follow a tight budget and save fanatically- no one should be shamed for that.
I don’t think they are rich they are at the far end of their career and most of the people here are at the beginning, you can’t compare the two. They’ve have 30 years of life to save, invest and increase their salary. In five years when they retire and make nothing will they be poor, no hopefully they will live a decent life on their savings. This is what you are supposed to do, where is the shame in making a good income?
I'm not saying they will but you have to agree that someone with 20 years of experience will likely make more than someone who started yesterday.
cordless tools were pioneered by NASA, Smoke detectors, heart monitors and other vital monitors in hospitals. They say for every dollar that goes to NASA that it adds $100 to the economy.
538 has Bernie winning 8 and Biden winning 5 in NH. In SC Biden 24, Bernie 14. The issue is Bernie may win a state by 1-3% but he can't win anywhere with a large population by 10%
&gt; He brings a tremendous amount of support and fundraising with him. which he doesn't share. And as far as fairness, the DNC made a lot of changes to be "fair". I wasn't a fan of the super delegates being added to the totals before the convention, so that was a good thing but don't expect the Democrats to come out and support Bernie unless he wins the nomination. Remember Bernie doesn't have a lot of friends in congress, nobody should be surprised that very few Democratic leaders have come out to support him and conversely nobody should be surprised when Democratic members come out to support Biden, he's very popular in congress. As I've been saying there's no need for name calling and back stabbing I'm happy to let the process work itself out. I don't think the Bernie supporters feel the same way, when was the last time you heard a Biden supporter say they'd vote for Trump, I see that a lot from the Bernie people.
we shall see.
Congress compromised, Obama signed what came to his desk. If you want liberal policies vote for a liberal congress a democratic president will sign anything that a democratic congress puts on his desk. No president would vote a bill from their own party.
My wife is eligible for Italian citizenship as am I. If she gets her citizenship does it effect my clearance? If I were to get my citizenship it wouldn’t be until after I retire.
Thanks for the info
I trained Muay Thai for a while, it's a lot of fun. I used to have a friend who was on the nation karate team long ago. He was 6'2" maybe 165 and incredibly fast. We used to work with a ex college football player, 6'8" 275 and they would "spar" with each other. Basically the smaller guy could shoot in an strike and then retreat. The problem was that once the football play got a hold of the smaller guy it was all over, there was just no way he could take someone so much physically stronger than he was, skill really didn't matter
I don't know and I don't want to know. Neither of us were virgins when we met.
Start slapping a non-brick and mortar tax of 10% on every sale and see how they do. Online shopping is convenient but bad for the economy.
I used to know a lot of people from Second City, you think you are funny until you are in a room of 20 people who are really funny. Also that many people trying to be funny can be really annoying.
it all comes back when the kids get older. Yes you are older but what you lack in youth you make up for with a bigger bank account and wisdom. If you remember back to when you raced, all the old dudes were riding really expensive rides, had a trainer and a nutritionist -you get to be that guy. Masters is as if not more competitive than the young guys.
I would bet if you asked, most people have no idea that SSI contributions end one you reach a certain amount. Most people will never make $137K, they just assume everybody pays 6.2% no matter what they make.
Duluth Trading, they seem to be a really good quality shirt and they were only $12
Keep fighting, that's a good thing as long as you understand that you have zero chance of getting M4A anytime soon. Bernie ain't going to make it happen and neither is Warren. Likely the next two-three candidates aren't going to make it happen. If you are lucky you might see a Medicare 55 buy in and if it gets really crazy you might get all people under 18 covered but anything else is in the foreseeable future is a pipe dream.
SC is one of the biggest welfare states in the union, of course they want more free shit, they won’t pay for it.
no offense but if he didn't want to be a daddy he should have taken the proper precautions. Don't every expect someone else to handle your responsibilities. As a man who didn't want to sire a child you need to supply your own condoms, don't trust that the condom provided to you hasn't been tampered with.
The life expectancy for someone Bernie’s age that had a heart attack like Bernie did is 30 months. That puts Bernie dying about a year after he would be sworn in. Joe is the same age but doesn’t have the heart issue, in addition we know there is longevity in his family his mom was fully functional in her 90’s- we saw her at the 2008 convention . BTW neither of Bernie’s parents lived to 60. So yeah Joe should think long and hard about who his VP pick should be but so should Bernie maybe even more so.
Bernie isn’t a Dem , he says he’s not a Democrat. He is running for president as a Democrat because it’s easier to run as a Democrat than it would be to run as a Democratic socialist
and if he doesn't get the nomination his followers walk away so it's the same deal. At least Nader had the integrity to not bullshit anyone.
I'd agree with that.
Fun fact, the DNC is a private organization and can do whatever the fuck they want. Why is anyone surprised that a Democratic organization is not going out of their way to support an primary candidate that isn't a member if the Democratic party
What's the saying, "America will do the right thing only after they've tried everything else". Maybe we've reached that point.
This is just rats leaving the ship. Trump is sinking and the Republicans are trying to detach their lips from his cock as fast as they can so they can deny ever knowing who Trump is. They did the same thing in 2008 when Bush the younger crashed the economy.
&gt;Of course they did, their best cities are now in the ruins of a blaze Their source of revenue is on fire. They couldn't give two shit that the cities are a blaze but the money comes from the cites so....
I keep half in a regular savings/checking account and the other half I have in a Fidelity account -yes I buy stocks with part of my emergency fund, but my emergency fund is \~$50,000 because I'm cautious and $50K in a 1% savings account is just too conservative.
"You just don't want America to be great....again." -another idiot.
So that's just an illusion. The only power that can remove a president is held by the senate and to invoke that power you need 66 senator. You will never see 66 senators vote to remove any president let alone Trump. Trump is staying until he's voted out and removed from office. He is currently our king, nothing can stop him from doing what he wants with the exception that he needs to get re-elected and he has to show some restraint. Keep this in mind because if he gets re-elected he won't have to show any restraint as he won't ever run again for office. Imagine what he'll be like if he gets re-elected if this is him restrained.
The Aryan Brotherhood isn't big in club fed.
or that he has a stutter, ffs Dems will do anything to rip down their candidate.
Speak at length and not screw up. Obama had a stutter too and he got roasted because he would use a teleprompter. Try doing a 45 minute speech that you just finished a couple of hours ago without a teleprompter/cards. Democrats love to rip down their own candidate for the smallest thing. Remember when a great candidate was ruined because of a scream.
So, Rickets will still get re-elected. The people of Nebraska have no problem with a white man, especially a rich white man, flexing.
how about requiring that they carry their own liability insurance. I think a cop is going to be less likely to cover for a trouble making cop when it costs him some actual money. Right now a cop shoots someone, they go on vacation and the city writes a check, there's no disincentive. If a "bad apple" makes the insurance rates go up $1000, you're going to have a lot of pissed off cops and maybe they will reconsider covering for that guy.
he does seem to be getting tips on how to govern from the devil.
I guess the question should be, does the family want him to come. It obviously a photo op but Biden is also a very empathetic dude so he may just want to go. I really hate it when pols show up to these things does anyone really want Rev Al or Jesse Jackson showing up on your door step after you've lost your brother/husband/mother/child?
If they are anti-Trump they are not Republicans. The Republican Party is the party of Trump and nothing can wash that off.
IT's hard to talk to someone who lives in a completely different world with completely different facts. You can bring up cops killing Mr Floyd and they will pivot to how it has to do with the Democrats war on Christmas. I see no point in wasting my time.
This is not going to happen over night it will take 8-12 years to get to a point where you will see good progress. There will be progress, it just will be slower than you want. The point is not to lose focus because of small steps but lots of small steps are equal to a couple of big steps. This is a small step forward, don't lose focus.
A public option at least in the US is the ability to purchase government run health insurance so Medicare, Medicaid or tri-care. The most common thing I've heard is being able to buy into Medicare, specifically being able to purchase Medicare at 55 instead of the current age of 65.
Trump is a Republican, Republicans support the military, end of story- so says my veteran friend. Odd how Trump was a draft dodger and talks shit about vets but the vets still love this guy.
we can't, they lie about what's on the cafeteria menu.
Fire the cop and the SGT that was supervising him, because the SGT either allowed it or he was not doing his job either way he should be gone too. Enforce that for any cop that covered his star or his name tag. At most we're talking 50-100 cops, we'll survive we are over staffed as it is.
Twitter is simply a megaphone or shall I say a MAGAphone for Trump, they aren't coming up with the propaganda they are just distributing it efficiently.
it should drop simply because things are opening up all those people in the service industry that have been sitting at home will at least be returning to work partially. The unfortunate effect of the shutdown is a lot of places just won't be reopening and those people will remain unemployed till some place is expanding and when will that happen.
For what they are paid and what the are expected to do you'd think they could do a lot better
The only people investing in those communities are the people that either live in that community or they still have strong ties with that community. Getting outside money is going to be hard simply because there was looting, nobody wants to invest where they could lose everything. I really hope that they can rebuild but the rebuilding is likely going to have to come from within.
or let the union buy the insurance, the money still comes from it's members. "Bad Apples" make insurance rates go up.
The last test for CPD had over 10000 people take the test, almost equal to the entire force. Considering cops make \~50K day one and they get a $20K raise after a year I would think there are a lot of people willing to replace the police officers that don't want to be held to a standard slightly higher than a criminal.
Really they lost the city a while ago, they just didn't realize it.
This wasn't a mistake or an overreaction it was intentional, they physically removed their name tags and body cameras. There is only one reason why they would do this and that is so they can break the law and get away with it. I don't see why there should even be a discussion, these guys need to be fired immediately as well as the SGT that was supervising them. If the SGT knew he was complicit and if he didn't know he's incompetent, if you don't want to fire him knock him back to patrolman since he obviously shouldn't be in management.
accountability isn't an issue we know who's accountable it's the mayor. Lori fucked up. Is it a big enough fuckup to vote her out in 2023?
three months of lock down with nowhere to go and nothing to do, people were set free on Wednesday and you can't put them back into their cells.
I think that you're an adult and if you don't want to be out that is certainly your decision, my wife doesn't feel comfortable being near large groups so she won't go out. I'm equating the self distancing/masks/stay at home with wearing a seat belt, we all know you're safer if you wear a seat belt, but there are always people who don't wear them. They know that it's unsafe but they are going to do it anyway.
Isn't this the guy who lied us into a war? Sorry General, once a Republican shill, always a Republican shill. You don't get to wash the blood off your hands by endorsing Biden.
statistically if you win Michigan you will win Wisconsin. That being said there's lots of fuckery going in in Wisconsin so it's going to be a battle, the good thing is that the Democratic ground game in Wisconsin is probably the best in the nation.
Michigan (the auto industry) owes Obama/Biden, they'd be in an even bigger mess if we as a country didn't save them.
There are lots of idiots at every age, there is knowledge to be gained from older people, even the stupid ones -usually it's shit not to do. One thing that comes with age in my opinion is composure, it took me a long time to go from a really knowledgeable person to a really knowledgeable person who could speak to both the higest levels (CXO's) and the lower levels and get my point across. I was very lucky to have some older guys that looked out for me and showed me what I needed to do to be better at my job.
My mom made sure we all knew how to cook, sew, do laundry, etc so "you'll never have to depend on a woman to survive". I'm a much better sewer than my wife but she's a better cook and I'm not allowed to do laundry because I fold things "wrong".
and the people who buy the bonds that back those loans like teachers unions and retired people, fuck them right? Or let's pay them and let the federal government back the loans, and then we all get to pay your rent. Just pay the rent you agreed to pay. I pay taxes for all sort of shit in this city I don't use and never will use, that's life.
worse, on his Italian Beef.
Time is the one thing you just can't get back. I actually didn't mind the hour-ish drive each way to work but that meant that my work day was about 11 hours at a minimum, add in some bad weather or some bullshit at work and that day easily extends to 12-14 hours. Add in sleep and you have a total of 4 hours of time a day to do everything else. I didn't want to spend what little free time I had mowing the lawn or knocking things off the todo list. I tried all sorts of things, I got a lawn service (good) and a cleaning person (awesome) and I'd hire people to do all the handman stuff (expensive) but no matter how I cut it I lost 2 hours every day going to work. Two hours may not sound like much but it adds up especially if you have a family. To me it's worth quite a bit of money to have that time, others may not mind but I do.
I knew a guy who was from PR and was an Army brat, grew up in Germany, he had a swastika tattoo too, he was a white supremacist. He like to greet me in German and then he'd click his heels and give my a heil hitler. I thought it was pretty strange for a guy as brown as he was..
Lots of shitty employees are kept around to make the average look good. I see it all the time since I got re-orged, the group I'm in now spends a ridiculous amount of time thanking one another and talking about the great job they did. Everyone from my old group just looks at each other because helping a coworker and doing a good job is what we get paid for, it's the bare minimum not a gold standard. Sadly professionalism in today's working world won't get you very far.
Knight -Art Institute Lions Queen - Hancock Knight -Art Institure Lions Rooks - The Corn Cobs
You pay your bills, their bills and the bills of a bunch of people in the south, be proud you're not a moocher.
Do you want to be unshackled or do you want their money?
Keep in mind that more than 25 of those hives don't produce enough honey to keep the swarm alive so the federal government takes honey from other hives to keep the dying hives alive and this is were you get a lot of animosity between states.
I know my state would be much better off if we didn't have to support much of the south. That being said, are we a country or just a collection of states? Do we as a nation owe anything to our poor? If we do how much is too much?
Here's the problem, I can't believe the fed. In fact I really can't believe that any of the data provided by any government agency it not skewed to make Trump look better. We saw NOAA change the path of a hurricane to make Trump happy. We've seen the EPA change reports to align with Trump. If the weather agency will change the path of a hurricane to make Trump feel good why wouldn't the fed or any other government agency, I have to assume everything is propaganda and doesn't have any basis in fact.
Actually the Trib and the WGN would make a cool king/queen combo as they are sister buildings
he did solve the opioid crisis, Covid-19 and the middle east, now that that is off his plate he's got time to knock out a few more biggies before november.
Jared is the best person to fix everything /s
For all practical purposes Florida doesn't have unemployment, $275/week for 90 days. Florida wants this, they want low taxes and the government to leave them alone to be crazy, let them do their thing.
IF congress was the correct size this wouldn't be as much of a problem. Right now Illinois gets 20 EC votes (18h+2s) and Wy gets 3(1h+2s). So to be simple for every vote Wy gets IL would get 7 (7:1). Now if congress was the size laid out in the constitution IL would have 423 RC votes (421h+2s) and Wy would have 21(19h+2s) a ratio of 20:1. Under the current system, the system not outlined in the constitution, a vote in WY is worth 3 times that of a vote in Il. The simple solution and one we can all support because we love the constitution is to expand the House of Representatives to it's proper size of 1 rep for every 30,000 citizens.
More and better Democrats. Politics is a team sport so a shitty Democrat is still better than a Republican. The more Democrats there are the more we can focus on better Democrats
The important thing is that you are paying attention now. As the saying goes all politics are local and I like you hate seeing politicians run unopposed, even the best candidate should be challenged so they don't get lazy. Here's the good thing, for the most part it costs very little to run for local public office. My father was a local politician for25 years, he was a Democratic Socialist (pre-Bernie) in a b-sized, republican-ish city/state and while people probably don't notice the things he got done has made the lives better for the people who live there. He never spent over $200, $100 for yard signs and $100 for a new pair of shoes because he would knock on the door of every house in his district. This is something you can do if you want, I highly encourage it for next time. In the mean time consider calling your local Democratic party, honestly if you show up more than twice they will be putting you on a committee and asking you to run for office. Republicans win because they always show up and Democrats lose because they don't show up, just keep that in mind when you wonder why we have a shitty government.
All good picks, my guess is that the Generals from Viet Nam and Korea will be overlooked for political reasons but Schwarzkopf is a recent general that could get a base named after him. Funny, I've worked quiet a bit at Ft Lee and I didn't until now realize it was named after Gen Lee, not surprising for VA but naming a base after the general of an opposing force is pretty wrong, imagine Ft Rommel.
The pension or the 401K. Mine got rid of their pension about 20 years ago and they will not be matching the 401K for the rest of the year. It would be stupid to get rid of a 401K program, it costs companies nothing and bigger companies actually get a little kick back from the company that manages the employee 401K. Stupid move.
Jared, the princess, Jr, Dumbo and ~~the hooker~~ former first lady would already be in custody. Tiffany would bravely support Barron but working at Hooters and turning tricks on M street.
Again, stupid on their part, it doesn't cost them anything for you to have a 401K and it will hurt them if they try to recruit new workers, who would choose to join a company with no 401K, it's right up there with vacation and health insurance.
Donna, Big Jim's wife.
I'm in professional services and I was doing a job as a sub for another company. When I walk on to the site there are three consultants from the company I'm subbed to and they are there to watch. About halfway through the day the boss shows up and hangs out with his guys. He ends up staying for the next 3 days. At the end of the third day the boss comes up to me and asks if I want a job, he said he knew I was technically good from my other engagements but he wanted to make sure I wasn't a dick (yes, not a dick). That was that, he had HR send me an offer the next day.
Yep, it's a little annoying as they still ride along on projects but they just don't have the skillset to do the work. I'm pushing 30 years but about 5 years ago I had a bit of a reckoning with myself and I had to give myself a kick in the ass because I had come complacent in my work. It took a couple of years to get back to the level where I wanted to be. If you want to stay relevant you have to increasing your skillset every damn day.
it is a slap in the face and Oklahoma is still going to vote for Trump.
I've hopefully got another decade plus in the industry and I don't want to go into sales so I have to keep up and then some, I'm not a fan of people who don't pull their own weight, unfortunately I work with quite a few old and young.
I'm not a CPA so can you be clearer where my company pays (for example Fidelity to manage the company 401K). First, doesn't Fidelity make money off of the embedded fees of the funds that we the 401K holder purchase? In addition isn't it of benefit to Fidelity to have say 1000 captive accounts that could deposit millions of dollars each year into fidelity funds. This is where I'm confused, you are saying that even though Fidelity gets fees for the funds, fidelity charges the 401K a nominal monthly fee and on top of all this Fidelity charges my employer for the privilege of providing Fidelity with a boat load of business? Sounds like a hell of a business model for Fidelity.
You options are pretty simple, stay and pay the increase or move, whomever owns the building/manages the building doesn't care. Personally if I have a good tenant I don't raise the rent and if I do it's only 1-3%, just to cover inflation. The last thing a land lord wants is an empty apartment because it doesn't generate revenue but SF is a hot market so a nice apartment is n't going to sit on the market and they know this. I once moved out of principle, it cost me more than it to have just paid the rent increase.
Like!? No, 27% of Americans love the Trump and love them so much they want to make them the royal family, after all god appoint Trump president. vomit.
Ivanka is screwed. All she's ever wanted to is to be accepted by society as the princess that she thinks she is. NY society wanted nothing to do with the Trumps, they were considered lower than the Beverly Hillbillies. Ivanka hoped that if her daddy was president that she could demand a seat at high societies table but she didn't take into account that her father was a blithering idiot and she is equally disgusting. Trump will hopefully be voted out in the next 6 months and then the real fun begins, their brand has been devalued, the state of NY wants to press charges and if Biden has any balls there will be federal charges filed. They will be lucky if they can afford a new Bentley when all is said and done and Ivanka still won't be allow to hang out with the cool rich people.
you'll see nazis too
his bubbie was still hoping he'd go to med school.
But Biden will be picking the AG and this will certainly be a topic of conversation, in addition no AG is going to go after a former president without an okay from the sitting president. Prosecuting a former president by the guy who replaced him is a bit banana republic but in this case warranted, I still doubt it will happen.
Funny how nobody says a word about that little creep Barron, Republicans had no problem calling the Obama girls drug addicts, they totally savaged Chelsea Clinton and what they did to Amy Carter made Chelsea's treatment seem down right nice. Remember they were kids too and they were fair game for the Republicans.
she's got an anchor baby, she's not going anywhere, now her parents are a different story.
you're offended by creep? The biggest problem the Democrats have is they play by a different set of rules than the Republicans play by. We'd rather "be better" and lose than play by the rules and win. Enjoy your high horse while you lose.
You're forgetting the whole subculture of being "christian". They have their own movies, their own books, their own music, they have camps and all sorts of other things that exclude them non-christians. People also need to understand that their is a massive difference between being Christian and "christian", Catholics are Christian but are not considered "christian", same goes for a lot of protestant churches, if you are not absorbed into their weird "christian" culture which has less to do with Christ and more to do with white people self segregating so they can feel that they are above everyone else.
Unfortunately being a professional doesn't always work. I've been re-orged into a new group and they are all about "thumbs up" and "5-starts", I swear everything you do gets a Yelp rating. Team calls consist of co-workers sending out thumbs up and Kudos to other co-workers for doing their job. My old group consisted of older, higher level consultants where doing a great job was the standard and nobody was looking for a pat on the ass for doing your job. It's a little disheartening when you see people getting pats on the ass from management for doing the basics and the guys doing the advanced tasks are being ignored. It's a silly game I just don't want to play but i fear that if I don't play the game I'll never see a raise or a promotion again.
you can get a meh 1br in Chicago in a okay neighborhood 40 minutes by train to the downtown area. Level 1 helpdesk is probably $20-$25/h which isn't great pay but there is a lot of room for growth and Chicago is a real city with a lot going on so it's a bargin.
&gt;Dont get that house and mortgage. Unless you are living in a van you do need a place to live. Real estate isn't always a great deal but with low interest rates you likely won't lose money buying a home. There is something to be said about not renting, but then again renting had a lot of advantages, it really boils down to a personal choice finances are pretty much a wash inn the short term and to ownership in the long term depending on location
Pete would be branded as far left simply because he's gay, if he had a wife and said he was Republican, everything else would be a-okay with the "conservatives"
Everyone should know the rules by now, wear a freaking mask if you are in close proximity to people, don't be touchy, don't breath on people and if you can give everyone some space. In addition if you are over 60 or have a pre-existing condition you need to be extra careful. Finally wash your hands. If you choose to do more for your safety good on you but don't be pissy when others don't take those extra precautions.
They aren't making decisions on data they are making arbitrary decisions that correlate with various metrics, case in point the lake front being closed while all other parks are open, why? Taverns being closed but bars that serve food are fine, give me a freaking break tell me how data has anything to do with those decisions?
I used to know Iowa very well, I grew up about 35 miles from Des Moines, I campaigned against Chuck Grassley in his first run for senate. My guess was that between the drugs and the influx of immigrant farm labor that the people that still live there no longer look at non-white people as a novelty and go straight to hating them. It's a shame so many people are leaving but it's nothing new. If there aren't jobs you have to go.
I noticed the same thing, I think people are looking back and seeing what a decent and normal family the Obama's were, they made a lot of people feel good about themselves and their country. You don't see pictures like this with the current person in the WH.
You can get bespoke dress shirts for under $75, it you don't have a "normal" body and by that I mean unless you're about 5'9" and about 180lbs and you don't workout or have a long/short torso/arms spend the money on a custom made dress shirt. There's no point in spending good money on a nice suit, getting it tailored and then wearing an ill fitting, poor quality dress shirt from Sears.
it's cheaper to go to Thailand, and get 4-5 bespoke suits and shirts than it would be to buy 2 bespoke suits in the US. As a fellow big guy that nothing fits, ever, a custom made shirt/suit is pretty awesome.
It was getting better until Trump showed up but I really believe he's the last gasp of the asshole racists that have had a seat at the table for way too long. Nothing going on today is new, we're been through all of this bullshit before usually multiple times. We are getting better but progress is slow and always has been. If you're a young person that isn't happy about the way things are consider voting and then vote in every single election. If enough young people actually vote and continue to vote you'll see change.
Gerrymandering has nothing to do with either the presidential election or the senate, it only has to do with the house and the Democrats currently hold a majority.
Why is the deal much better from what I understand it's pretty much the same deal with a new name. Regarding the TPP wasn't that so China would have a strangle hold in most of APAC? So by the US dropping out of the TPP it just makes China stronger and America weaker, tell me how that is better.
isn't it funny that the only major gun control legislation in the last 50 years came from a Republican administration.
My brother got the short gene in the family and he says he's 5'8", he's not. Guess what, it doesn't matter, he went to college and was a D1 athlete. He's got a job he loves. He's got a tiny wife who thinks he's tall and thinks I'm way too tall. He's got two kids that are short like both of them, life is great. He's got a house and two cars in the suburbs, it's the American dream (under 5'8"). Don't worry about being short, people will always find something to make you feel less. Go do you. Honestly as a tall person he has some advantages, don't complain too much, you don't know how good you have it.
it's not a good thing. It means she thinks that she is a future queen and you are here to serve her.
if you have a job hire a cleaning person it will make your life so much happier.
Being able to call Maddy for a couple of minutes to make sure everything will go smoothly with the city.
even when it snows or gets cold.
AWS is 99.9 uptime, I'll take my chances with my 99.999 on prem. &amp;#x200B; How long was IBM out last week?
When people ask me about the cloud as a storage/security guy I ask them why they are so excited to give their most important asset, their data, to some company that gets hacked all the time and all their workers have access to your data. My company data in the cloud, not a freaking chance, your free email account in the cloud, sounds good to me.
There can be only one....Jared.
thanks. I was thinking HPUX world.
Is it against code to have more than 2 layers of shingles in your area? At least in the midwest where we have lots of snow and shingle roofs three layers are totally acceptable, most roofs that require a tear off are between 60-100 years old.
right tool for the right job. MSPs aren't always the right tool.
slacker
You guys think you're the first generation to deal with shit, think again this is nothing new, we dealt with the same shit in the 80's and my parents dealt with the same shit in the 60's.
you'll get no argument from me, the TSA failed every year by every metric and yet we still let them take naked pictures of us, take our cloths off and give up our possessions all so we can fly in a plane.
It's a nice though but he can't, all he can do is support the same EO that Obama wrote, the next president can ignore that EO if he wants. There is a very limited chance Biden can get immigration reform into law.
I'm not sure how calling a group of great speakers articulate is either an insult or racist it's merely stating a fact.
Someone should probably remind her of former mayor Bilandic, he got voted out for not plowing the streets fast enough. Keeping the park closed for half of the summer is not going to sit well, her last name isn't Daley so don't expect a lot of forgiveness.
How many black people? Somebody is always going to disagree so the question becomes how many people want it gone?
&gt; a war against the United States of America Here are the operative words, if Tennessee wants statues of leaders who attacked the USA why not a nice Rommel statue or a Tojo statue. These people were traitors to our nation and nobody should forget them or their names but we shouldn't honor them and we certainly shouldn't have statues of them.
I work for one of the big boys of SV and we’ve had layoffs and pay cuts. Maybe if FAANG made the jobs more attractive they wouldn’t have a problem. I don’t have an issue with foreign tech workers but the h1b program is bad for everyone but the company doing the hiring. I have no problem with this.
Yep supply and demand, pay more don’t import indentured servants that get kicked out of the country if they get fired. And quit feeding the bullish line that they can’t find people the majority of tech workers on h1b are working as contractors not as FTEs. Finally, it’s IT we’ve been remote/off shored for years, if that person is so rare and valuable why not hire them where they sit and pay them $200-300k?
Kerry was the Democrats Mitt Romney but he didn't deserve getting swiftboated and he still would have been better than Bush.
We had someone die in one of our apartments, she was a hoarder and had cats, the only reason we even found out was because the smell as worse than usual and one of the neighbors complained. Another complex is geared to seniors and while we don't check on them we know their business well enough that if they are missing for a period of time they will get a phone call or we'll stop by to see if everything is okay.
So the really weird apartments you see (in the US) in cities are likely due to when they imposed rent control after WWII. Basically you couldn't raise the rents with the exception of converting the building into more apartments. So, if you ever go into a building that look like an older grand apartment but instead of having 1/2 units per floor they have a dozen 1br and a few oddball studios that is why.
So where I live it takes 3 months minimum to evict someone, longer in the winter. In addition a lot of our tenants are college students so we usually don't start the eviction process for 30-40 days just because if we didn't we'd be evicting 90% of our tenants. And as far as checking, I can come by and pound on the door but people that are a month or two behind on their rent tend not to answer the door, healthy or otherwise. I don't evict everyday but I do evict, 2-3 times a month when it's not winter.
you don't kill your meal ticket
doesn't everyone?
he got that tax cut for the wealthy, which accounts for a little over 1T of new debt. He's also rolled back lots of EPA regulations because people love carcinogens in their air and water.
Why Cobra, he's 22, he can go be on his parents insurance which will likely be cheaper. Secondly, he should only go on Cobra if/when he needs his insurance. Hold off on using Cobra unless you need it and try to get a job first, it will save some money.
I'm not trying to burst your bubble but since we have no leadership you have to assume you are on your own. I think your numbers are a bit off, the numbers I see are 0.28% for the general population and 0.09 for those under 60 with no underlying conditions (so ~150K under 60) and a lot more for those over 65. I would think these numbers will hold until herd immunity kicks in. https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/coronavirus-death-rate/
Thanks.
Again speaking strictly from a numbers perspective my guess is some are better than others. I would thing that someone being non-productive and receiving lots of money in tax dollars to keep that person alive would be a drain on the economy. Note: I'm not trying to be a dick, I'm just looking at thing buy numbers, I don't think we should kill grandma because she's not working and has gout, but I would bet a lot of people do think that way.
Pools are fine as well as open water [https://www.usaswimming.org/docs/default-source/coaching-resourcesdocuments/covid-19-team-resources/facility-reopening-plan-guidelines.pdf?sfvrsn=8a533a32\_2](https://www.usaswimming.org/docs/default-source/coaching-resourcesdocuments/covid-19-team-resources/facility-reopening-plan-guidelines.pdf?sfvrsn=8a533a32_2)
this isn't kid glove, it's ham-handed. No rhyme or reason, not even feel good policy, just random policy with the city (Lori) flexing on morality and the lake front.
You are certainly welcome to stay at home and be safe, others are willing to take the 1:10,000+ chance for better mental and physical health.
winner, winner, chicken dinner.
exactly which is why I have no problem with him and his family being sent to prison by the State of NY, no one is above the law and it's time to prove it.
He could always say he feels like he's being discriminated, if he's a protected class. He could say that his boss was hitting on him. He could say that the company discriminates against X (whatever class he belongs to). You have to say discrimination, but when you do HR takes it very, very seriously. I used to work in Legal and getting rid of someone of a protected class was really hard unless you are doing layoffs. It can take years to fire someone completely inept if they are in a protected class and the company is very sensitive to wrongful dismissal allegations.
A little high. 86:100,000 under 65 with no underlying conditions and 279:100,000 for those over 65 or with underlying condition. So less than cancer and higher than a car accident. https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/coronavirus-death-rate/
all 50 states are at will but my state has implied contract exception,
Mine is $2500 deductible and $9000 max out of pocket My wife had to go into the hospital unexpectedly right after Christmas and didn't ge released till new years eve. I told her she could only stay until mid-night because I couldn't afford another $9000. We were very lucky to have an emergency fund and could pay the bill but I will defer medical care for a couple of years because these high deductible plans are all but useless unless their is an emergency.
if people can gather en masse inside to commune with their cloud friend, I can commune alone at the beach.
all of them https://worldpopulationreview.com/states/at-will-employment-states/
my uncle was 5'5" and president of the steam fitters way back when, he could carry in a boiler by himself, people were terrified of him.
so you're my shrink, you know what I need?
again who are you to determine what I need, what makes you the expert on me?
kids today, in my day we carried a howitzer and we were grateful.
Dozens!?, Really dozens? Honestly if you still call yourself a Republican you're an idiot that lies down with racists, traitors and other scum of the earth.
lots do, they need them to get off the cruise ship in Cabo.
or barista
We'll see, I swim at the Lincoln Square CAC and the pool is almost always empty after 8:00. When I go there I usually have the place to myself although I prefer to swim outside in the swimmer so I'm bummed that the lake and the pools are shutdown. I think we missed the window on the pools but we should be able to open the lake and swim at our own risk.
I'm no fan of Trump but the H1B displaces American workers and makes indentured servants out of the visa holder. The only people that benefit from the program are the companies. I'm also not saying we don't need skilled foreign workers but the visa is bullshit and needs to be reformed, I doubt this is the reason Trump is halting the program but with 15% unemployment, I'm sure companies could find acceptable workers if they tried.
You don't have to agree on everything, in fact you don't have to agree on most things but you should feel that at the end of the day that your country is in a better place than it would have been of the other guy had won. Republicans understand this, Democrats are always looking for the perfect candidate and are always disappointed. This is disappointment causes them to not vote which allows Republicans to take control even though they are a minority.
Same deal here but I'm probably quite a bit older than you, at least now it's much more culturally acceptable, in my day mentioning computers would put you solidly in the nerd herd, it was not a high paying or admired occupation like it is now. That being said it's one of the things I really enjoy talking about and when I run into people who speak the same language as I do I get totally sucked in and excited to talk about tech and the things I do. I also love learning about new things so if you can tell me something Ive never heard before it's even better. Unfortunately outside of our circle people knowledge of what we really do is very limited, most people's knowledge of tech is usually limited to apps on their phones or the latest social media/website -none of these things do I find that interesting nor do I spend a lot of time playing with them, as a result when people ask me how to do something in SnapChat or some other app I give them the same blank stair that they give me when I discuss a multipath conf file. Luckily my wife is works with IOT so all she does is play with the latest apps so I usually point to her and walk away. Lastly, passion is passion,be it art or programming, don't disregard the attractiveness of it.
You need to hang out with the QBs
There are usually two schools of thought, it's either throw everything in the same pot and forget about you and I and everything is us. The second school of thought is keep you money separate and you each put in a certain amount in a joint account to pay the bills. The reason I like the second option is because both my wife an I are adults and we both have different ways we send and save money, I'm super conservative (some would say cheap) and I save 30%+ of my paycheck and spending money even on things I want takes a long time. My wife on the other hand believes if there is money in the checking account that it's fine to purchase whatever you want/need -you can see the problem here. So for us once the joint account is funded what we do with our money is our business, if I want to hoard my pennies I can do that, if my wife wants to go drop $1000 on bedding she can do that too and neither one of us cares. My wife knows where my money is and she knows the user names and passwords, I doubt if she's ever looked at them. I don't suggest mixing money before you are married and honestly I wouldn't mix money after you are married as long as you are clear about funding the joint account. TBH, the fact that she's already "letting you keep the money from a second job" would piss me off to no end, it's my money, I earned it and as long as the bills are paid my wife/GF should care or really have a say in how I spend that money.
The worst time in our relationship was when my wife decided to retire (at 30), I make good money so it wasn't that much of a hardship but she made a good salary too so you could feel the loss. I gave her money and paid her cc bill but I resented every bit of it. We don't fight every often but when we did I told her to get the fuck out of MY HOUSE and that the only reason she wasn't homeless and starving was because I supported her, not good things to say or think. Thankfully she's decided to work again after 13-14 years and I don't pay her CC or give her any money, it's been a god send. We are very different people when it comes to money, I'm a saver and I'm not a fan of spending money on things. She is much more, if I have the money I might as well spend it, oddly enough as long as she's employed this works for us. Keeping our money separate even though I pretty much pay all the bills really has saved my sanity.
&gt;We all agree that we aren’t going spend more than 200 dollars from the joint account that is not budgeted without a check in. I know this works for you so I'm not trying to say you are doing it wrong but for me this is the deal breaker. I'm an adult and I make decent money, my bills are paid on time and all the different funds are funded, if I want to buy something and I have the money to do so I shouldn't have to get permission from my wife and she should have to ask me. When we first started dating I was a bit of a mess but I was getting my stuff together. Anyway I didn't have a bank account at that time so we shared her account. I'm a numbers guy so I always keep a running total of how much money I have as it comes in and goes out. A few months after we were sharing I figured I had $1500 in the account and I was going to use that money for something, anyway that money was gone, she had spent it. She had spent the money on us, but she spent my money none the less. That's when I got my own account and our money hasn't touched since then. We fund the central account and anything above that is mine/hers to do as we please, I like to save she likes to spend, she doesn't think anything about a low balance and I hate it when I go below a certain number. You have to do what works for you.
My dad was really big on education, he was a college professor. Your dad sound a lot like my grandfather, he came to the US with $20.
That's something people don't really understand about business travel and that is it's a job. Sure you can go to the lounge but you'd rather be at home. Great, you get to go to Hawaii, but you're working not hanging out at the beach. I like the lounge because I'm cheap and I can get free food and drinks before I get on the plane. I also like the fact that I can always find a place to sit, where the gate might not have anywhere to sit.
and if you get delayed/bumped the people working the ticketing counter are awesome, they will do whatever they can to get you where you need to go. While everyone else is waiting in line at the customer service desk the service desk in the lounge is almost always empty.
Really $300 is entry level pricing for decent shoes, like Allen Edmonds on sale. those shoes will last 10 years easy if you take care of them. A really good pair of shoes can last 20 plus years but they are north of $1000.
nope just had a high stress job that she quit one day. The quitting was fine, the 14 year retirement was not.
how much of this is about education and how much of this is about lunch? Honestly, run a split day half the students in the morning getting their lunch to go. The other half get their lunch when they arrive and they get the afternoon shift. This cuts the student body in half making it safer, everybody gets fed and everybody goes to school.
Everyone from Chicago knows this is fake simply because Grandma Robinson does not tolerate that shit on her block. Joe better not even think about playing dice on the WH stairs. [https://imgur.com/gallery/tdeD5xV](https://imgur.com/gallery/tdeD5xV)
The guard has a decent IT department, the only requirement is you have to belong to the Guard. It's a civilian job, but you wear a uniform.
lots of people start their career here but if you want to make it big in entertainment you will have to move at some time.
yep and they bought a $2MM house in NY that somebody had to co-sign for.
Keep in mind Barr isn't going anywhere unless TRump says so. Yes the house will impeach him but the Republcans in the Senate don't care, there aren't the 30-ish Republican votes to remove him so the only way he leaves is if Trump is booted from office. The best way to get Trump out of office is drag him through the mud he made every damn day.
Even a broken clock is right once a day, the H1B visa is a disaster it displaces US workers and equally as bad makes the visa holder an indentured servant to the company they work for, the only this the H1B program is good for is the employer. The employer gets a worker that can't quit and lower than competitive wages, what a deal. All this being said Trump doesn't give a shit about anything but getting re-elected and he's hoping people hate immigrants enough to make it happen.
Covid is like what Obama had to Deep water Horizon only 100 times bigger. Every day the news showed pictures of oil all over the gulf, there wasn't anything Obama could do about it but he got blamed. Trump is dealing with the same thing, every news cycle starts with Covid and Trump dropped the ball. Going back farther the same thing happened to Carter with the Iran hostages, every new cycle lead with that story and it made Carter look weak. The biggest difference is that while Carter and Obama got blamed there wasn't much they could do, Trump is being blamed and won't do a thing aside from denying it's happened -he really is part of the problem.
smart and oddly enough a high percentage had hearing problems which was good because I snore really loud and never got any complaints.
We bought a few metal straws a few years ago, they're fine, much better than the paper ones. Maybe we can train people not to use straws, for the majority of people they are not necessary.
It's not that hard, if you are inside (not home) wear a mask. If you are in close proximity of people outside, wear a mask. Wash your freaking hands. If you want to exercise your freedom to get sick and die that's fine, but as my mother used to say don't come crying to me because you were stupid. Everyone knows what to do, you just need to do it,.
I initially thought it was going to be Harris, she checks all the boxes and she was a friend of Beau's and he introduced her to Joe before he died. I think her biggest problem is she's too conservative. If you've been paying attention Rice has come out from her retirement bunker to be a Biden surrogate, I don't think this is a coincidence her biggest problem is Benghazi. Duckworth is an interesting pick, she checks all the boxes, she's a disabled vet and a POC -but she's like Obama with a white parent so I think she's a less scary POC than Harris or Rice (for the biggotted middle voter). I like Duckworth, she's my senator, but to be honest neither of my senators have done a damn thing for Illinois, ever. I think Duckworth would look out for vets and do a B job in general but I can't see he doing much to help urban people out.
You know the Republicans will swiftboat her just like the did with Max Cleland, they have no shame.
He lives in Florida, why should he care?
People love having their pictures taken in front of the Trump building in chicago. [https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160419/downtown/flipping-off-trump-tower-for-instagram-now-trending-chicago/](https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160419/downtown/flipping-off-trump-tower-for-instagram-now-trending-chicago/)
De-fund means removing funding so yes. Here's the problem and Democrats/liberals do this all the time, the idea is good but the messaging is horrible. Consider "rebuilding the police", see, you can rebuild the police anyway you want and it sounds a thousand times better than we're going to "defund you and get rid of you"- this is the stuff that scares the mushy middle and we need the mushy middle to win.
absolute nonsense, I've owned a 140 year old fixer and currently live in 110 year old, past fixer. IF you have a decent roof and nothing existing like roots busting up your sewer line, you'll be fine with 3-5K in the "oh shit my house broke fund". There really isn't anything that breaks in your house that cannot be fixed for a few grand with the exception of a tree falling through your house. Now that doesn't take into account the every day/year expenses of maintaining your home, so if you have a 10 year old hot water heater you better plan on the $1000 to replace it. IF you have a 20 year old furnace, you can probably keep it going for a few hundred a year give or take or you bite the bullet and get a new one for $4-5K. I have a leaky A/C compressor, I can replace it for $1500 or spend $100 a year on Freon -guess which one I chose. You can always repair things, you just get to a point where it's cheaper to replace than repair. As far as appliances after the first year they can go at anytime, appliances today are crap and meant to be replaced every 5 years or so (dishwasher, refrigerator, laundry). You can look around and find models that last a decade but tastes change and appliances are decoration now.
Trump made this pretty clear, we are not in this together, you are on your own. If you are looking for leadership consider not looking at Trump, he's an idiot. Wear a mask, wash your hands and give people space, that is the best the USA can do -we're an embarrassment.
MAybe we should encourage this, it will "thin the herd"
My neighbors garage was burned down. That fire not only burned to her (85 year old woman) garage but the fire totaled the garage to her right and burned the siding off of the garage to the left and did the same to the fronts of the two garages across the alley, all totaled we're probably close to $50,000 in damages. Insurance will only cover the garages that burned down, the ones that were damaged are out of pocket.
They have almost 1 million pieces of inventory (@$1 each)
Are you busy the weekend? Care to give me $1000? Because insurance isn't covering the damage done to my garage as the deductible is $10,000. If I paid someone to do the work it's $3000, If I do it myself it's $1000 and my time, I don't have $3000 and $1000 means I'm going have to cut some things for a while and compared to business owners I'm super lucky, a lot of those people lost everything and a few bucks and a weekend won't fix it.
It's pretty rare to own the property as well as the stores in it, that really sucks, at least in this case insurance will over a lot of the losses. The people at are getting hammered are the smaller operations with no or shit insurance or their losses were smaller than the deductible. A lot of these small shops don't have $10-20K to fix their shops and get back to business, they're done.
I think we agree but you are missing the point that the beaches are probably the least of our concerns as it's outside and you can social distance. For those of us who live near the lake that is our park, while others are open ours is closed, so just like people would travel to the beach we have to travel to a park instead of walking down the block, if the parks need to be closed close them but don't be arbitrary about your decision making it confuses and angers the public. I'd be much more concerned about the hundreds of people stuffed into Happy Camper's 3000sqft space than I would be about a couple of thousand people spread out over multiple acres at the park. Lastly, nobody is being required to leave their homes and using proper safety precautions seem to be effect. We have no leadership at this time so you are on your own, do what's best for you and be considerate of others, that's really all we can ask for and expect.
Trump supported candidates are not doing very well, in fact all but one or two of Trump backed candidates have lost either their primary or the general his endorsement isn't likely wanted right about now.
but are the conservatives a majority like the Democrats are in the US?
As a LL I'm not a fan of this but this happens every year in Cook county, try to get someone evicted in January or February it's not going to happen, they always get delayed until spring. I really don't see how this is any different, it's selective enforcement of the law and it's totally legal.
and....whatcha going to do about it? I know....not a damn thing. Funny how check and balances don't work when there are no checks and no balances. Trump's an idiot but he was smart enough to figure that one out.
First as others have said most of chicago's apartment inventory is old and in unit laundry wasn't a thing. In addition even if you do a rehab getting water, a drain line, electricity and venting for the dryer is difficult and expensive. Last thing washers have a tendency to flood, supply hoses burst and the drain hose can fall out of the drain at anytime. If any of these things happen when someone isn't their to stop the problem quickly it could cost thousands and thousands of dollars and it's just not worth it for a landlord.
I'm surprised that this comment is not at the top of the list, if you want people to listen to what you have to say you better have something they want to hear. Nobody cares if you are short or skinny or young, if you have something that can benefit them people will listen.
you didn't finish the sentence, nobody cares if you have something valuable to say. You've got about 5-10 seconds to capture your audience, give me a reason to listen and I will, don't and nobody will care what you say.
"The best economy we've ever seen"!?, would that be the 15% unemployment, the 5% loss in GDP or the crash in the stock market? This is what Republicans do, it's called a pump and dump, Bush I did it, Bush II did it and Trump did it all right before they were kicked out of office. The sad thing is American have short memories and get shitty with the new president because they can't fix everything fast enough. Their anger makes them vote for Republicans that gum up the works and make the recovery take even longer. Once we get back to a good position the same Americans with the shitty memory think it's a good time to let the Republicans have their turn and the Republicans are more than happy to crash the economy again.
35-40% of the US population is solidly behind whatever Trump does, yes 60% is a majority but it's pretty fucking sad that 40% of our country are fascists. There really is no grey area as far as I'm concerned if you support Trump you are a bad person, full stop.
This will be the first time in my life time where the Democrats might actually have a chance to do some real gerrymandering, Republicans have done an excellent job of getting into office in every year that ends in zero, now it's the Dems chance, I just hope they don't blow it. Hopefully Biden learned something from Obama getting shit on for 8 years, the Republicans are not your friends even if they smile at you and it wasn't just because Obama was a black man but it didn't hurt.
so just concede the loss, you're bringing a yoga mat to a gun fight.
You apparently don't pay attention. The right wing media is going to savage us no matter what we do short of appointing Trump God-Emperor so why worry do what needs to be done.
First don't beat yourself up, we all regret not making a phone call or stopping by enough but that's life it's not perfect. As far as coping this may sound unkind but every morning you put both feet on the ground, stand up and do your life. That's it, it's pretty simple. The other choice is to stay in bed and let the world move on without you. The sad fact is parents die, some live longer than others but they all die, you were lucky enough to know your dad for 20 years be happy in that fact. It's okay to be sad but it's not okay to fall apart. I've buried both my parents and it's never fun nor easy but you will get through this and you'll be okay. Until you're okay all you have to do is put both feet in the ground, stand up and go about your life even if you are just going through the motions. Last thing, if your in college please take extra care, you've spent a lot of dough trying to get your degree don't let shit slide, that's not what your father would have wanted.
My dad passed 6 years ago this week and we had our issues but I did the best I could at the time. Could I have been a better son, yes I could have but there isn't much I can do about it now so making myself feel shitty about it doesn't do anyone any good. Just try to be your best you, be good to your mom, she's going through a lot right now, everything's going to be okay it just sucks right now but it will pass I promise.
Vlad said that it's not true, so it's not true -Donny two scoops.
I think Harris is #1 but her problem is she's too conservative.
So I like Duckworth too but she's been a pretty meh Senator, nothing impressive bill wise, not very out spoken and she doesn't bring home the bacon. I doubt she's be a good fund raiser and Biden needs someone to be the bad guy for him and she just doesn't have it in her. What does she bring to the table as side from being a vet? We need someone from an urban area, we have way too many country bumpkins representing cornfields and not people. Duckworth comes from a town of 100,000 people and exists to support the farming community and manufacture CAT products.
The Republicans will swift boat her just like they did to Kerry and Max Cleland, by the time they are done half the country will think she crashed her helicopter to get a DV license plate.
Take a look at her time as AG, not liberal. I'm from Illinois and have known Obama since before he was my state rep. and he was painted at the most liberal member of the senate, I can assure you he wasn't then and never was a liberal, a moderate centrist yes, liberal no -those things are highly bias. I don't have a problem with Harris, I've been saying for 2 years she was the VP but I think she's conservative and her time as AG reflects that.
&gt; I think she's conservative This is America, you get to have opposing view points, chill.
Funny the only president that have ever taken away guns was a Republican, Reagan.
&gt;In my opinion you are setting up a false equivalence. With abortion in 99.9% of cases you know the risk of having sex and that it may result in a pregnancy. Are you kidding? Do you know how stupid people are about sex? People believe things like, you can't get pregnant if you are on top/bottom. You can't get pregnant if you take a shower afterwards. You can get pregnant if you pullout (thanks Catholics). The laundry list of things people believe and don't believe about how to get pregnant is astounding and add to that the fact that Christians oppose sex education where young people actually can learn what it takes to get pregnant it's not surprising how many people get pregnant unintentionally.
&gt;, they tend to fear how their ability to worship freely might be impaired I think they are mad that they can't force their religion on other people, no one has ever been stopped from worshiping freely.
Dead people suck too. One of the saddest things I remember is watching a family leave one person less. There they are leaving with all their beach crap, sun burned, crying and confused. Your kid just died, time to grab the cooler and floaties and head to the car. What else do you do?
do you think Trump knows that?
Unless you are under 12 and at a wedding a shirt and tie without a jacket is a no-no. A Jacket, button down, slacks and leather dress shoes will fit the bill at any bank when you are non-customer facing. Where in the country is this, business casual varies greatly from north to south and more urban areas to smaller towns.
exactly, I'm a big scary dude but I smile a lot not because I'm an idiot but because it signals to people that I'm not going to hurt them. That and for whatever reason small children like me and you can only look so scary holding a three year old's hand.
As the saying goes, "25 to stay alive", I wouldn't feel comfortable on anything smaller.
Quit calling them conservatives, there is little conservative about them, call the Republicans or right-wing, it's much more accurate.
none of this would have happened if Lil' John and Meatloaf had been his advisors
They should have just put him in a room with a box of sharpies and made him sign each and every one of the stimulus checks and not let him out until it's done.
