Ehh little old to Rick Jones
The dogs would be in the enclosed pool area
No if Vince saw that Ryder would be pinning Lesnar in the main event of Mania while Eve returns for a live sex celebration with him
Exactly it's like praising the trust fund kid for "exploring the world" after college while shitting on the guy who has to work a 9-5 just to stay above loan debt
Mexican Grundle Stretch
Yes, he flies into the air shoots a tiny ball of energy and the Earth is gone. Or failing that he flies in the air and casually death beams them all while laughing and calling them all "sea monkeys"
First off you committed the cardinal sin of r/marvelstudios, you implied Captain Marvel isn't the greatest hero of all time who has broken down barriers of gender and is played by the greatest actress of all time. So be prepared to be called a sexist, incel, bigot, fanboy, etc and downvoted into oblivion. Now to answer your question, Yes they're making her the strongest just like they made Shuri the smartest the MCU is very progressive (not saying that's bad or good it just is) as that's what the mainstream fanbase likes. Be prepared to see her beat the shit out of Thor or Hulk to show off how strong she is, and be prepared for some quip about how men are little boys or something else that attacks masculinity. On the plus side though does it even matter? It's just a movie series. It sucks when your favorites don't get adopted like they are in the comics (I was really hoping we'd get a male Ghost technology terrorist instead of the sympathetic villian chick we got but whatever) but just think of it as an alternative universe. In the MCU Captain Marvel is the strongest she's not in 616 so there's plenty of stuff to read where Hulk or Thor are the strongest.
I mean Strange, Ironman, and Spidey got their asses kicked and two of them got dusted and the last is marooned on an alien planet, Thor got beat down, got back up got a better weapon and beat some Thanos ass. He's absolutely more badass than those three.
But he gonna go hard
It's pretty dumb of WWE not to put Asuka and/or Naomi in that pic line up both have had bigger years then the Iconics
I literally can't understand her through the crowd what did she say?
I've looked up her modeling career and there's nothing but "prior to WWE she was a plus sized model", nothing about an actual career. Show me one campaign she got or advertisment she's in before WWE because from what I can tell she was a "model" like any other girl who gets professional photos taken. In fact the only time I can tell she's ever been on the runway was 2017 after she was already in the WWE other than that the only other thing from her career is a random head shot from years ago that looks like it was taken with an iPhone. Also I haven't won any awards for my looks but it's definitely not my personality that gets me dates haha
You mean the one posted on WWE.com from 2017 after she was already in WWE, the job she got for being Rock's cousin that made her famous enough to score a runway spot? So that proves your point how? Also yes that was my exact point, I don't get dates because I'm a "nice guy" I get dates because I'm attractive which was the counter to your earlier accusation that Nia is super attractive and I'm just a jealous ugly guy haha I feel like this is just going to go around in circles so I'm gonna just stop replying now, maybe you can take the time to buy Nia's used ring gear or something
Hahahaha damn that's actually really good
There's been a lack of STOs ever since the days of every black man who debuts gets the STO as a finisher
LMD, Clone, or Brainwashed
Pretty sure it's just the aura making them look pale
And then someone says "No shit Sherlock" and Tony and Strange will nod to each other, and then it'll be revealed that Stan Lee is the One Above All but not before Deadpool shows up to break the 4th wall and say, "Woooo Chimichanga I'm in the MCU ohh yeahhhh" and then Kilmomger comes back and someone says turn that "flame on" and he and Cap laugh and share a knowing smile. And then......
No beat Preecho who is a rip off Cell design in the ToP
Hue hue hue
Wtf is Kofi doing haha
Seriously the shitty rip offs that get posted to Instagram all the time look better than these
This is what plays when Cena watches his best buddy Zack Ryder get exploded by Brock Lesnar and turns into the Legendary Super Cena
I like that, my head canon is The Man was a cyborg built by Zona and is now out hunting for Talkers to convert into a cyborg army. I actually thought that's what took Sun Mei before it was revealed that it was just Dante.
We've got Infinite Earths, gotta be one where Chase killed Oliver and is running rampant still.
I've been listening to his YouTube stuff in my office hilarious even though I'm constantly having to turn it down when Jim loses it lol
Jiren the Whey
Lol this fucking clown again the Yang Gang memes are fun for trolling Trumpers though I'll give him that
I'll do DC So Argus decides its had enough of metas and its gonna grab the DNA of a bunch of super individuals to make the ultimate weapon. I'll say this happens after Metal with Argus deciding what if next time it's a bunch of evil Supermen? So they deploy nano robots that go out to grab DNA from 4 of the most unstoppable beings. Superman Plasticman The Flash And Lobo. This Cell is born looking like a white skinned long haired Superman with speed force lightening crackling around him. But despite his inherit power and nigh immortality, due to Lobo and Plasticman's cells, he's not trained. So they send out a nano bot that copies Batman's brain waves replicating all of his knowledge, skills, and muscle memory. Argus decks him out in a black version of Supermans suit, with no symbols. They send him out against the big bad guys first. He makes short work of a couple random A List Villians before killing Joker in Gotham. Naturally this gets Batmans attention. He strikes but is quickly defeated and flees alerting the Justice League. Meanwhile Waller decides to mouth off to Cell sparking the Lobo rebel streak in him. He kills her and wipes out Argus, he finds out who he was made from and decides he'll kill them because there can only be one main man. He goes after Plasticman first, surprising him and dragging him to a blackhole where he is tossed into and destroyed. Next he targets the Flash, the fight isn't as one sided this time but Barry is losing. He decides to drag Cell into the speed force killing them both but stopping the menace. Cell having Batman's brain knows this would be Barry's last gambit. He manipulates the speed force himself tossing Flash into it and vaporizing him. Wonder Woman and Superman along with Batman show up next. The fight is long and the rest of the league gets involved but Cell is just too much. Superman falls, Batman is broken under a pile rubble, most of the League is dead or out of commission, Wonder Woman still stands but shes bleeding and nearly dead. When suddenly help arrives in the form of none other than Lex Luthor and the Legion of Doom, but that's not all, The Main Man heard of some imposter running around killing people he should be killing, so he's here too. Cell is beaten back but lashes out with Plasticman's abilities and the speed force ripping apart a bunch of the combatants including Luthor and Wonder Woman. That's when Batman notices what Luthor had with him, a gun with kryptonite bullets, Batman can barely move but manages to motion to the gun to Lobo who is busy pulling himself together after being torn up by Cells attack. Lobo grabs the gun and unloads on Cell, weakening him due to Superman's DNA but not killing him. However, now Cell is less powerful than the Main Man who beats the piss out of him. But Cell isn't dying and boots Lobo across the country, Batman tosses a batarang the weapon bouncing off Cell like a pebble, Cell prepares to finish off Batman when he's pounded by a bolt of lightening. Suddenly Shazam is on the scene along with DCs magic users, Cell might have the powers of some DCs most powerful beings but he isn't built to fight magic. He is finally defeated and banished to hell by Constantine, Dr. Fate, and Zatanna. Afterwards, the world rebuilds, Superman's body is recovered and put in stasis, and Batman passes the mantle to Damien since he's paralyzed after the fight. Unfortunately when the Legion of Doom left, their prisoner escaped with them, none other than The Batman Who Laughs, a being who is familiar with traversing other dimensions like Hell. He observed the conflict and how powerful this Cell was, and decides he'd make a useful ally......
I heard Rod was gonna be Anti-Vince like super nice and stuff, honestly it sounded promising Haha
Hey, things get copied in wrestling all the time
This x100000000
Wildcard Rule 4 People, no wait 6, no wait 2, no wait 15, no wait just Roman, no the champions....... ..... can cross brand!!!
Too deep for WWE
Brocky 2 Belts
Seriously Cornette has every smarks dream job, he just bitches about wrestling and gets paid
Seriously. Although the flip of Joker just killing her would be amazing come on you've got the balls to kill Bruce now let's see if they've got the balls to actually kill Quinn.
Yeah he's basically saying he thinks he's untouchable. Word. Life.
It's called Cosmic Punisher and it does not go well.....
Seriously lol, what's next is OP gonna bitch Jane was Thor for awhile?
? Do the Elite not like Big E or something
Wrath, he's a D List Evil Batman, same skill set and general intelligence as Batman but he helps criminals escape the police. I'd have him show up and constantly outsmart team Flash (like that's hard). He's all behind the scenes pulling the strings of various villian of the week fights. Eventually he reveals he's harvesting speed force and wants to use it to empower himself and take over the world. Then we get a big fight between them and Wrath escapes fully loaded with the speed force and now calling himself Red Death.
Kong with a 6 Shooter and Cowboy Hat riding Godzilla and fighting giant aliens across Earth is the logical conclusion
We're gonna build a wall around the Revival and make Luke Harper pay for it!!
I'm with you Lio is a primadonna and brings basically nothing special to the table, ohh boy a little guy who can wrestle and flip not like AEW is literally full of guys like that or anything lol
Matt Riddle needs to debut as a heel douchbag, they just need to let him cut every promo high as a fucking kite
Decide for yourself https://jimmyneutron.fandom.com/wiki/List_of_Jimmy_Neutron%27s_Inventions Time Travel, Infinite Pocket Dimension, Nano Bots, Shrink Ray, etc https://dexterslab.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Dexter%27s_Inventions More Time Machines, plenty of giant fighting robots, plenty of other robots The two of them together could give 616 Tony a run for his money especially since being cartoons they often build stuff super fast so 24 hours isn't a huge time crunch Tony isn't quite as quick with his big doomsday weapons
So what are we, some kind of Ginyu... Force?
The exact quote is, "What are we, some kind of Suicude Squad?"
Dream shits on the new Star Wars movies and says Vince isn't the literal Devil McHitler, are his days as a r/SC darling coming to an end!!!! Find out next time on WredditBall Z!!!!!! *90s electric guitar*
Cyborg Vince will rule WWE forever
MR WORLDWIDE
You see Luthor you aren't dealing with your average Kryptonian anymore.....
I can already see him pitching it, Ray-"So I'm a bully and you call me Bully Ray" WWE Staff- "Ahh that makes sense, hey you could go on 205 Live and mess with them since they're smaller than you, maybe eventually work your way up to like Finn?" Ray-"Well, no I thought I could bully Reigns and win the title" WWE Staff- "But that won't work because you're not really scary your just a fat guy who's kinda a douchbag" Ray-....... WWE Staff-...... Ray- "Check out these calves though"
I've never watched a single Orange Cassidy match but have decided he's the best wrestler ever based on a gif where he flips around with his hands in his pocket. DAE Fuck Corbin!!!!!!
He'd be a SSGSS with potential to use MUI, who gains ki from the sun and has a slight weakness to kryptonite. Power wise he's probably at about Jiren level but with Broly's constant ki regen since he has Superman's sun eating cells. Probably looks like Superman with Goku's hair wearing an orange and blue version of Superman's suit with the Turtle Hermit symbol in the center. He'd completely destroy anything other than Zeno in Dragonball and be able to one hit anything non reality warping in DC.
That's the SHOOTFIGHTER Express you're riding now brother, the school recognized your work rate and/or sick Twitter burns.
The next Stone Cold/Rock/Hogan
Feast Forever clap clap clapclapclap
Exactly Shane is tapping out Miz who is the number 3 (maybe even 2) Face on Smackdown. He gets basically no comeuppance ever and is presented as an actual threat to top level superstars it's a complete far cry from Vince who regularly looked like a fool.
Once you go Black Panther you.... ummm... err.... bang a time traveling commando?
And hopefully retconned away along with all of King's other bullshit
Yes. Yes. A thousand times yes. It would be hilarious if "Sarge" reports back to his "boss" and its revealed to be an alternate version of Ward.
I don't get Janela at all is he supposed to come across as a legit crazy badass like Moxley? Because he comes across as the annoying kid in high school who'd brag about getting alcohol from his older brother then drink 2 beers, piss himself, and then tell everyone he drank the entire case by himself, even though everyone knows he's lying.
Seriously lol this sub is so stupid sometimes, Jon Moxley would be doing shit death matches in front of 500 people in a bingo hall if he hadn't gotten picked up by WWE and made famous. If the WWE is prison, then sign me up for a life sentence.
Don't be ridiculous next you'll say something like pasty white dudes who are barely 6 foot tall and look like they've never seen a gym will never get over with mainstream audiences fucking M*rk
Its not the wrong kind because that doesn't exist, it's just shitty that all this heat is being built for a dude who isn't even really a wrestler while WWE has the most talented roster ever sitting in catering and shit posting on Twitter
Which is fine but do we need to bury Miz to do it? And waste Drew and turn Elias into henchman #2?
Its 2019 dude you say that on TV and you just lost all your sponsors. The only way this would work was if WWE was "adult" programming and Vince was portrayed as an awful racist asshole or clueless buffoon who says its accidentally.
I did, linked it in the edit. You're wrong.
It's a list of jobs with the highest direct earning potential. None are Liberal Arts degrees. That's it, your point is refuted. Edit: If you look further down the page you'll see the median earnings for a Lib Arts grad are about half of the engineering grad and bottom of the barrel overall. The only people getting rich with those degrees are people who are rich to begin with
The hoodie is useless now, its cut in half and won't keep her warm it all as its intended purpose, she is on a fool's path
Yeah they're all kinda terrible people thats the point
Magnificent
Isn't gonna stop 1000s of clickbait articles "confirming" he's signed
Vince McHitler is trying to ruin his SHOOTFIGHTER physique!!!!
It's ironic that a series that started as literal awful scribbles is getting shit on for not having top tier animation. I've read the manga and web comic and enjoy the anime as well.
Idk if it was even supposed to be an F5 looked like a Samoan Ahh Fuck You Slipped Drop
The mask is cool, did she make that or buy it off that Sinistur dude on Instagram cause it looks like one of his
Now destroy one in front of him so he understands the need for balance.
He'll unify it with the Golden Corral Heavy Heavyweight Title
They come standard brother
Lord Steen will unify it with this title
Well fuck if Tony says it, it must be true
I remember everyone having Game Over signs can't remember who was fighting him though
Team Spongebob has toonforce they take this
It was awful lol ToP in the Manga was pure garbage
Thought I was on r/scjerk
I could see that too with Batista as the villian
Idk where you live but where I am Country Music stations outnumber rap and pop 3-1 and the city I live in is a solid 2 hours from rural lands
I went as far as to get their actual themes and recorded a few of my shows never got around to putting them on YouTube though haha
Thought this was about Lio Rush lol
Don't you put that evil on us!!!!
NJPW is the Imperial Japan to Vince McHitler's WWE 3rd Reich #saveusaedub
Fans are basically identical though
I fucking hate WWE that's why I'm furious I can't watch old matches at 3pm on a Tuesday... DAE fuck Vince!!!!!
3pm is when I wake up after a night of Kevin Steen approved SHOOTFIGHTER training (eating 7 meat lovers pizzas, a bucket of wings, and 4 gallons of gravy)
But has he ever done a bunch of flips and no sold 6 piledrivers, 3 burning hammers, and a literal gunshot to the face before being pinned by a simple strike with a fancy name? No? Didn't think so. That's why he'll never get 6 stars in the Tokyo Dome like real wrestlers.
OP is the Christopher Columbus of social media
Look I'm willing to overlook bad booking, shitty stop and start pushes, burials of my favorite stars, 80 hours of Shane a week, and doing business with the Saudis. But if they book Cardi B, I'm cancelling the Network, getting a Meltzer subscription, and only showering for 2 minutes from now on
The thing about Jonathon Good (shoot name) is he's a legitimate and dangerous fighter. As one of the best wrestlers of all time and a legitimate badass he could easily make the transition to MMA, but chooses not to because they won't respect the art of wrestling and let him use a chainsaw on the ref. Let's just conveniently ignore the fact that prior to being sold into slavery at WWE, he was a skinny fat garbage deathmatch wrestler who was popular because of a single rambling promo that made him sound "crazy".
The Tony AI awful fucking theory is something mainstream critics and audiences would consider "mind blowing"
You did actually get her a Mac book right? Cause if not you're about to have a lousy day/week/year/life/afterlife
This is great, honestly with how Multiverse has been dragging its ass lately this is probably my favorite fanfic going right now
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
This sub has the attention span of a goldfish. Like the Orange Cassidy stuff right now? In 6 months it'll be getting shit on and they'll all be parroting a new flavor of the month. Its Zack Ryder/Damien Sandow/Ryback/Rusev all over again Hell I remember when "Lone Wolf" Corbin was doing stuff and this sub would downvote anything negative about him immediately
You're allowed to like things without being in blind love with them
Finally, the time has come. Mordecai returns baby!!!!!
After years of dick fighting our hero Joey Ryan plans to rest. But. Jim Cornette has other plans. The once powerful Emperor of The Smokey Mountain has resurfaced. Having laid waste to Orange Cassidy and legless warrior Thomas, he sets his sights on Sonny Kiss. Can the legendary dick warrior put a stop to Cornette's all out verbal assault or are feelings destined to be hurt? Found out this Summer on.... Offended Ball Z!!!!! (Only on TNT)
The same reason I watch WWE the 30 seconds of awesome that occasionally pops up
The real El Generico died and Adam Cole ate his body, that's why he's such a fatass
Get a rerelease with new material but they really aren't a few movies in the past have gotten rereleased, like Deadpool 2
Does Anyone Else?
It's a meme lol
Like you just took it? Or its something dug out of the files?
Heroes has a Gogeta and Vegito I can see Govegito showing up there
Shane, he's gonna win and hold it until Reigns takes it at Summerslam
I hate fat Buu, if they had a fit Buu option I'd play Majin all day
Above Human Strength, Endurance, Speed, and agility Advanced Close Combat Techniques I wanna say a version of echolocation maybe?
All I know is Ryback invented the G1 so suck on that m*rks
I agree.These guys act like fame, money, and traveling the world is more important than respecting the artform known as wrestling by taking a piledriver off a ladder to the floor in front of 30 people at a Walmart warehouse.
The next Meltzer?
The driver's name? Adam. Cole.
I agree, I didn't like this at all... and the whole "bad guys copping a feel" and "paparazzi" like seriously? Came across really forced.
Imagine getting paid to literally work out at one of the top fitness centers in the nation but having the dedication to say "No" and instead build a true SHOOTFIGHTER physique.
You're not taking into account the incredible amount of force the PAWGs can generate from the bottom
&gt;Legit the most charismatic wrestler in the world. This sub just be called r/wrestlingwithhyperbole
Hey come on now you mean Morbidly SHOOTFIGHTER racist Jessicka Havok
He's legit one of the most jacked dudes on the roster
Really not a fan of Mysterio being a Stark employee. And the AI stuff and Suit Maker thing... idk this isn't Spider-man, its Iron Lad.
So fucking stupid
Lol look this promotion up online their roster literally looks like a bunch of backyarders, I'm pretty sure the dude in the center of the poster is like 15 lol
John Cena, forever chasing the Rock
BREAKING NEWS, "Chris Beniot not dead, says entire thing was a "work" and family were crisis actors. He is expected to sign with AEW along with his new manager Jim Cornette."
M'Becky is as pure as a 35 year old r/sc poster
Ahh the ironic jerk poster. You gotta give OP props an AEW show happens in a little over 24 hours and they've managed to pull themselves away from their Jon Moxley/Joey Janela fanship epic, "Love Blossoms in the Backyard", to come here and prove we are the actual jerkers. Bravo Good Sir!!!
Nobody watches AEW, you experience it like you would the Mona Lisa or the perfect sunset.
The Gang Gets a Virus
Cobb needs to get into AEW he's perfect as a hoss in a company that doesn't have many. He'd probably end up in a go nowhere tag team in WWE.
The Four Shootfighters of the Markpocalypse
Baby Yoda, The Prequel is off to an odd start
Wait when is this happening? We saw Luthor's symbol in City of Bane, this is set after City of Bane but somehow before Luthor's shit?
Cant wait. 3 months of decent matches and promos 3 months of bitching about his spot Flipping out and quitting/getting fired/disappearing Reappears on Indys
Jump on the wiki and read the plot summaries of the last few seasons a ton of shit has happened and this season is referencing all of it.
Solid match so far
The dick punch was like an anime guy punch where they linger on the dudes face for like 3 minutes
With some JRs BBQ Sauce?
Nice.
But he has workrate!!!!!
If my "buddies" tried to fight me drunk I might let it slide once, twice and we aren't friends anymore. These are grown ass men not 16 year olds at their first keg party.
Knowing Vince, Liv was probably super on board with being a stupid accessory to the Fiend and was devastated when she instead closed out one of the highest viewed segments in months on the last show of 2020. Fucking Vince why won't he book my shitty fantasy angle!!!!!!
As goofy as Dark Order and Lana's Wedding were, I was far more entertained by that shit then another 30 minute workrate grind between two dudes who aren't even feuding. I don't particularly care for Enzo but I'd love to see him on TV again talking shit and getting hit
Are we supposed to be rooting for the mutants, because they come across like villians here. They're basically fighting racism and genocide with racism and genocide. I'm really struggling to find a good guy in this arc, which might be the intent of the authors, but most people seem to think the mutants are badass and doing the right thing.
Amazing, is it out yet? Edit: Nevermind, just found it.
For fucksake what's next, Cody did an Irish Whip, so did Arn, what a callback, true wrestling historian Its getting harder and harder to tell if I'm on scjerk or sc nowadays
No of course not Le Champion was just working the fans. Can't fool me though, I don't get worked. Off topic but DAE I can't believe Janella is feuding with his ex!!!!!
The other dudes gonna be embracing baldness in a few years too.
Higher test actually causes balding.
Fanmanga, really good Basically Goku kills everyone and destroys the earth until the other Saiyans show up. The manga itself is about a multidimensional tournament (it came out years before Super) The universes are all like what if scenarios, like Cell winning, Buu winning, Vegito staying fused, all of Namek fusing, Freeza winning, Trunks future, etc. Deff recommend it, it's still ongoing and very good.
1. Idk this one is odd maybe they thought they could keep the droids focused on them and planned on drawing them away from the shelter 2. The Child is clearly force strong Gideon probably wants to study it but more importantly wants it to no longer be a potential threat, if he can get it alive great, they can do some experiments or torture or something evil if he cant take it alive, then he'll just kill them all to stop the threat 3. IG11 fighting in the open with cover and ability to dodge and move is way different then stuck on a slow moving lava boat with no cover or room to dodge
The quips are all pretty funny I like it
So Word Life?
Smiles in grimdark
Should have been a three way with Punk beating them both cementing himself as "The Guy" of this generation.
Will Ospreys tumbling routine was the greatest wrestling art performance I've ever seen
This unironically slaps
Mox is even closer since he gets to fantasy book himself to always come from the crowd and always look badass
&gt;&gt;We are told that the major hurdle between the two sides is how he would be used going forward, not money. &gt; &gt;&gt; I mean I really like Matt and the Delete stuff, but is he lobbying for a prominent role? He's old as fuck and just doesn't have much in the way of ring work, I mean he can still work but not at a main event level. He'd make an amazing manager of a stable but it kinda seems like he wants a main event role
True, I wouldn't mind a Broken Network show on the WWE Network throw guys like EC3 and Ryder on there.
Cena should retire too, but he's not as beat up as Matt
The Goldberg/Lesnar getting the title was such a stupid decision that match did not need the title. Goldberg wrecking Lesnar and Lesnar coming back to avenge the embarrassment was more than enough to sell that match. The title meant nothing.
But his gimmick is a "main event" gimmick you need to devote a shitload of time to get it over with everyone. You dont waste time doing that for a midcarder. Now a network show could bridge the gap but they don't seem interested in that.
I liked it but it kinda got procedural and I just tuned out, if you like James Spader you'll like it
Yeah it should but it doesn't, that's why I said it like it's a bad thing because it is if we are speaking about him being in WWE today. His gimmick requires the amount of time that WWE usually gives to main eventers and he's just not a main event talent for 2020 WWE. WWE won't waste time for a midcard gimmick thats the reality of the situation. I should have said "WWE" instead of "you" I suppose.
No, but I'm not saying what should happen I'm stating what is happening. If you want my fantasy booking, then Hardy goes to AEW and is revealed as both the mastermind of Dark Order and Nightmare Collective because he wants to turn all of AEW into his "Deleted Paradise", then The Elite, SCU, and some others rally against Hardy's Deleted Empire as more and more AEW wrestlers join with Hardy. Eventually they've got to turn to the Inner Circle for help. Meanwhile MJF plays both sides, so that he always comes out on top.
He has a great criminal business mind where threats and coercion are normal (how he "convinced" Jo into giving up her company) but that would translate poorly into a regular low level paper company where he cant rely on his rep or blackmail.
But its his dreeaaammmmmmm!!!!!! That's why I get to be Quarterback for the Saints next year.
Yeah it's just like the: Bikini Bottom are all nuclear wasteland mutants Arnold from Hey Arnold is actually the son of his grandpa and grandma and his football head is cause he was born to old parents The Rugrats are all dead and Angelica is just imaging them They're all creepypasta theories
Gotta be them just fucking with Corny right? Like no fucking way he would work for AEW, I mean he hates them so much he devotes an entire 2..... hour.....weekly podcast........to....covering their show..... Ohh fuck, this could actually be happening.
Its really confusing, how are you supposed to do flips for work rate in a Fist Fight? Typical shit WWE. Fuck Corey Graves.
I agree, he's a great director but Gorr doesn't need levity, personally I dont think Gorr is a good fit for MCU Thor period. He's too epic of a villian for a jokester beer drinking Thor.
Next level booking this is what happens when you don't have garbage "writers" or a stupid "booking plan" let the boys book themselves thats why professional sports teams don't need coaches or any other staff other than the players
Chris Jericho is jacked haven't you seen his totally not photoshopped pictures? I too have a 6 pack and a beer gut at the same time that's totally a real thing cause of umm water and err ughh ummm time of day and also lighting.
Cody literally started a company because he was butthurt about not being a main event talent in WWE. He's good maybe even great at times but most of his "greatness" tends to just be him doing callbacks and homages to his dads era, that's why Cornette stays on his nuts.
Everyone who comes out he immediately F5s then tosses out, then he just leans in the corner until the next guy comes out
Has a face ever accepted a heel stable's offer to join?
Ehh he's face from what I can tell an edgy face but still a face
Just so you know I'm not downvoting you idk why people are your points are valid. I guess I'm just more black and white in views of it, you get cheered and dont cheat for wins you're a face in my eyes. Kinda like Drew this past week, complete asshole but a face.
The "Force is Female" shit pretty much shows she doesn't care about the story she only cares about making it hers.
Lol stupid bot has no humor
Red Corvette, buy I shall Drop panties it will
50/50 chance on that he legitimately seemed to resent Miz in that video that WWE put out years ago and he's never said anything positive about him in public
CM Punk DVD set that came out
If you're gonna delete a tweet, you better post an apology manning up and admitting you acted like an asshole. Deleting it and running away is cowardly as fuck.
Chad Miz vs Virgin Punk
They're putting chemicals in the catering and its turning the refs gay!!!!
This is amazing I don't even care OP is plugging his Twitter
Hank kicked plenty of asses, he literally ran straight through the middle of a nascar race just to kick an ass once. Give yer balls a tug.
That outfit is sick, so is there multiple Spirits? We've got Vengeance and now Corruption I wonder if there's like an "angel" version call Purification or something
It's a fireman's carry dropped onto a raised knee lol A toddler could make it look convincing
No first there's gotta be a 10 minute will he or won't he promo where Jericho is hilarious and Mox paces in the ring like a crazy person and makes mean faces. Then he drops Jericho
Nope, only for the right to party. In the fan manga Dragonball Multiverse one of the alt universes has a Saiyan universe where Bardock successfully defeated Freeza and they routinely fight to challenge for the position of King.
Lol that's downright petty I'm legit surprised R2 didn't sacrifice himself at some point so BB8 could be even more front and center
I want some legit alt universe stuff Like Trunks and Mai got sent to another Earth's timeline, but what if that timeline actually differed too like maybe Beerus is a fitness buff so he doesn't care about food so he doesn't care about earth or its fighters. He finds out there's two Trunks in his universe, he gets mad because obviously someone time traveled and broke a rule so he orders his Whis to take him to the culprit, cue a Beerus vs BuffBeerus fight that leads into the Z Fighters having to get involved.
Hearts: "Don't you see, I only wanted to kill you and everyone else because it's the only way to save you!!!"
Is Shoresy really tough? Joint Boy and Tyson pretty casually handed him an ass kicking. I think he'd be more like the "Whoopsie" guy except he says he fucked your mom.
The Dark Universe is my favorite thing going today
Its Jim Cornette's drivvvvee thruuuu
NXT is boring now, I'm not even really a big AEW guy and their show was 10x more enjoyable than NXT last night, the fatal four way was incredible but outside of that I was falling asleep. Workrate matches don't draw if you see them every single week. NXT is basically ROH but weekly and on national television eventually all the cool moves and long matches blend together especially when 80% of the roster's gimmick is "Wrestles good".
Gargano looks like a kid acting in a play in highschool in every single thing he does, he has one expression.
The minute it was revealed Old Bruce Wayne was evil I knew it was going to Crisis on Infinity Batwoman Promotion. I fully expect her l to get the final shots in on the Anti-Monitor even though it should be Oliver.
People will say she's "working".... but I doubt it
Ummm not really much to hunt
You're right, they've even said they're trying to focus on WWE the brand rather than the individual wrestler brands We will likely never see another Hogan/Austin/Rock/Cena. Roman and Seth are the closest we've gotten and they aren't even in the same realm.
That was an awful promo lol, I mean funny and well delivered sure but it broke the cardinal rule of promos you never bury your opponent even if it is Ellsworth.
Daaamnnnnnnnn
I want everyone on roids. Everyone. Bob the accountant? Roided to the gills. Troy the garbage man? 37inch pythons. Tina from HR? Neck like a buffalo.
I think you're basically going for a what if Luthor went through the Batman history. So the Waynes are killed leaving Bruce and Lex to become the Batmen. Bruce remains the same, Lex is more pragmatic and logical while also being kinda like classic Batman. The first few years go fine, occasionally Lex does some stuff Bruce gets annoyed with, but overall they work well. Dick Grayson comes and goes, and then comes Jason. He and Lex get along very well, better than he and Bruce do. Soon the duo are working away from Bruce. That's when Joker kidnaps him, Bruce goes after him but he's too late. But Lex gets there in time, just to see Joker beating Jason. Lex loses it tackling and beating Joker to death. The bomb goes off and Jason is killed while Lex is thrown clear from the explosion. Bruce is furious and the two separate. Bruce takes Gotham while Lex returns to Metropolis. Both cities have a Batman. But one has a Superman, initially he and Lex get along really well, Superman knows he murdered Joker but he realizes why he did it. However, once again Lex gets more brutal and villians start ending up dead. Superman confronts him and Lex uses kryptonite to defeat, he doesn't kill him but he tells him to never come back to Metropolis, its Batman's city now. Superman goes to Gotham's Batman for help against his step-brother who has turned Metropolis into essentially a police state. Superman could end Lex, but he wants Bruce to try and talk him down. Bruce goes along with Superman, they confront Lex. Talks go poorly and Lex murders Bruce with the very gun that killed their parents, Superman freaks but Lex has a kryptonite powered Batman Beyond style suit he quickly deploys. They fight and Lex wins, killing Superman. He then takes over the planet and Dick Grayson leads a resistance composed of Earth's heroes to fight him.
Super low key
You cheered for "actual racist because USA chants are racist now"!!!!! What the fuck, let me guess you like Lars Sullivan too. This is disgusting, fuck Corey Graves
You've also gotta pour out a bottle of the Bubbleh for the SHOOTFIGHTERS who have passed this year (mostly from diabetes)
So is this confirmation that Woken Matt was what gave birth to the Fiend?
Nah we won't even get that it'll be Hardy losing to Murphy to build towards Aliester Black and they'll never mention the Fiend
Leaked dialogue: Cat? Yes Cat? Cat, cat. Ahh yes, Cat. Indeed, but... cat? Cat! Cat! Cat! Yes.... yes.... cat.
Hopefully it will be "Gee Mr. Miracle was great, Tom King deserves to retire in prosperity and never write a comic again"
Ohh great now people are going to argue that Marko can actually beat up 6 foot 230lb guys because he took a MMA class
This sub is basically just tweets and people mad their fantasy booking didn't happen ohh and hypocrisy, cant forget the mountains of hypocrisy
Give it 3 months and next door will be saying shit like, "Bro Marko would destroy Seth Rollins in real life, he trains MMA" Just like how for years Punk was an "amateur MMA fighter"
Its already starting
I heard Angle really wanted to quit and go to AEW so he could put Darby "Future Megastar" Allin and Marko "Actual MMA Fighter" Stunt over
Brock would let Hornswoggle tap him clean in the main event of Mania as long as the check cleared
That promo is so good I remember when it happened and people were downvoting me for saying Punk wouldn't last 10 seconds against Brock and telling me "Brock doesn't like getting punched, Punk could definitely fight him, maybe even win" Then he embarrasses himself in the UFC and all the "Punk's legit" shit disappeared quicker then Marko Stunt ducking down in a group of 13 year olds
STRT!!!!
All CGI
It was filler, they got "attacked" in the speed force and everyone got scattered, those were just memories of their "greatest or most notable moments"
Yeah it was an "echo" or something idk it was stupid honestly the entire back half sucked. Lex was stupid as all hell and served no purpose and didn't even get a comeuppance he literally was shoehorned in to build a story for Supergirl. Ryan Choi was absolutely pointless, I like the actor a lot but his character sucked he did nothing Ray couldn't do Spectre had a vague stupid introduction they didn't even mention his connection to God or what he was or what he represented he was just a powerup for Oliver to get The crappy DBZ style beam struggle, I thought we were gonna get some badass sword fight since he had all those fight memories, but nope it's just CGI bullshit No bad guys except the Anti-Monitor and CGI ghosts that can die to a kick Not a single, super team up moment, they introduced all these fucking universes and we couldn't even get a single group fight? They shit the bed
It was so pointless Kate shouldn't have been a paragon, she has zero history with Arrow it made no sense for her to pop up in those memories.
No Tony "The Negotiater" Khan worked them bro
They did it on Supernatural, I thought it was stupid
Yep and I hated it I hated the musical episode too felt like Tumblr wrote them
Ruh roohhhhh
This is the our version of CM Punk
Just like the racket and Cornette glasses last week, they're gonna be hinting at numerous people before revealing who it really is
I'd love it the heat he'd get would melt the fucking roof but I just dont see it, course he talks AEW every week on his pod cast, he only hates some of it, and its wrestling so never say never
Meltzer and getting worked, name a better duo
Lol this dudes been trolling all morning Hey do one about how Jim Cornette is awesome and right about everything he says, you'll get so much salt you'll be able to open a mine
First Episode We get the same fight to save Supergirls earth, Oliver stays behind to guard the box and seemingly disappears in the antimatter wave. Other than that I keep it the same. Second Episode Bruce is broken but not evil and not in an exosuit he's just old and tired, he tells Kate he's seen so many allies die, even Superman. He has no hope at all. Kate and Kara give him a pep talk and he suits up in a bulky Batsuit that has some Beyond vibes. Everything else is the same except the Legends have been tasked with gathering heroes for the final fight. Third Episode Black Lightening is actually a paragon not Ryan Choi, who isn't in this at all. Oliver wakes up on an Earth but not his, he is immediately greeted by Jim Corrigan who explains what the Spectre is and why he can help. Oliver and Jim turn to the heroes of this universe for help. This hero turns out to be Jon "Diggle" Stewart the Green Lantern. Meanwhile Constantine, Diggle, and Mia meet Lucifer to find Oliver's soul but Lucy tells them Oliver's soul isn't in any part of the afterlife. The team gathers on the Waverider along with a bunch of other universes and timelines heroes: Jonah Hex Conroy Batman in the Beyond style suit KC Superman The Hood Adrian Chase (revealed to have survived his universes destruction by jumping to Earth 1 using a device built by his mentor, Bruce Wayne) Kid Flash The Ray Instead of them just standing around to get deleted the Monitor takes them to beginning of time to fight the Anti-Monitor, but it goes horribly. Kid Flash, and Hex are killed. The Ray is crippled, Conroy Batman is torn from his suit, and KC Superman is beaten to unconsciousness. When all seems lost Oliver and the Spectre arrive, but it still isn't enough, Spectre is impaled and turns back to Corrigan, using the last of his power Pariah sends what heroes that are still alive to the vanishing point before the anti-matter wave hits destroying everything. Fourth Episode The heroes immediately start working on a way out, Lex is a douchebag but he and Ray seem to be figuring out a way to get out of the vanishing point. Corrigan dies from his wounds but tells Oliver the Spectre will rise again. Barry is missing, having jumped to the speed force as soon as they arrive. Conroy Bats is in a coma and only kept alive by repurposed tech from his suit. KC Supes blames himself and is distant from everyone. Barry suddenly is thrown from the speed force, he is beaten up and his suit is torn, following him is the Reverse Flash, the heroes immediately fight him but he handles them easily until Supergirl finally knocks him down, he explains himself. He hates Barry but he loves himself more and if they lose this fight he loses too so he's helping them, he claims he only fought them initially because they attacked him. Barry stammers up off the ground and vouches for Thawn. He was attacked by Speed Wraiths in the SF while trying to travel through time to fix everything and Thawn actually saved him. Mick says that's great but one more fast guy isn't changing anything. RF says he didn't come alone as Malcolm Merlyn, Damien Darkh, and Snart exit the Speed Force. RF reveals he plucked each of them from the timeline and left them "stored" in the Speed Force because he saw what was coming. Conroy Bats passes but as he dies he confides in Kate and The Hood (Chase) who have been by his bedside due to their relationship with their own Batmen, he tells them both to keep fighting and once they save everything to be the Dark Knight of their universes. Damien and Nora use their magic along with Lexs tech and RF and Barry's speedforce to transport everyone to the beginning of time to defeat the Anti-Monitor Fifth Episode Chase is now suited up in the Beyond suit with Kate teasing him about stealing her look, KC Superman has come out of his depression, etc basically everyone is ready to fight. Massive fight with Anti-Monitor starts, he has used his abilities to make Anti-Matter versions of the heroes greatest villains (except of course the ones on their side) Oliver and Batman Beyond Chase face down with Anti-Matter Deathstroke and Prometheus. RF and Flash fight AM Zoom and Savitar And everyone else fights AM versions of their villians. Finally it comes down to just Oliver and Anti-Monitor, Oliver charges and starts landing punches and kicks but it does nothing to the Anti-Monitor who prepares to kill Oliver when Corrigan's voice is heard saying, "The Spectre will live on" Oliver's eyes turn green and in a flash of light he is standing in full Spectre outfit, shirtless (for the ladies and I suppose some fellas as well) and everything. He proceeds to whoop some Anti-Monitor ass before rebirthing the universe similar to how it went down in the show. Cut to black. Barry wakes up and immediately rushes to find Oliver who he finds standing in the bunker. He tells Barry he doesn't have much time, he gave up his life force to kickstart a new Multiverse. He tells Barry he is proud of him, proud of the heroes he's met (we get a montage of all of our cameo stars active as heroes in their universes), and he's proud of himself and what he accomplished. He tells Barry he has to go and to not "be too freaked out when she gets here" Barry is confused as Oliver disappears. Barry races back to his friends and family and we get a nice reunion, then on the news we hear an announcer say, ".....fortunately Supergirl was there to save the day". Everyone is super confused, and it gets further confusing when a video of Black Lightening fighting in Freeland is on the news next. The universes of the paragons have merged. Our final scene is Oliver appearing in front of Felicity in a kind of dreamy state, he tells her he loves her and he will always be there even if she cant see him. Felicity wakes up with a smile on her face and walks to crib of sleeping Mia Snoke, telling her that Oliver will always be there for them. Stinger A teenage boy named Clarke is being teased by his friends on a bus they call him, "Superdork" and one of them tear the Superman comicbook out of his hands and throw it down the bus. The young Clarke gets home and his parents are fighting, he goes to his bedroom which is covered in Superman merch. He sits on his bed and opens up his phone to see a bunch of people are on Twitter mocking a picture of him in a Superman cosplay. Clarke squeezes his phone so hard it shatters in his hands. The camera zooms in on his face, his eyes turn red and he smirks. Cut to black.
Damn gotta read this one
That's correct as well, WWE drove away the casuals so the indys started catering to the smarks, now WWE is some weird blend of smarkness and sports entertainment with a nice side of corporate "synergy" and AEW is basically a good indy show with a budget.
Lol give me a fucking break go look next door in the ratings thread or the thread where they announced the new 4 year deal.
It drew me in
His promos and ring work are average, but it's all the little shit he does that has people calling him the next big heel. Remember he's still young, but he has the facial expressions and little heel mannerisms down, he'll improve in the ring and hopefully start getting better promo material than cheap heat. His promo about the stipulations was pretty good, he needs to do more of those promos and less "Lol I banged your mom" shit
Well your completely wrong he absolutely called Miz a "child playing wrestling" on the Drive Thru last week He said, "When I saw Miz standing there with Rock and Stone Cold all I could think is who is the fucking child playing wrestling"
He did literally last week
Dean giving up and Sam wanting to fight made no sense. If Dean told Sam he was done Sam would probably agree and quit too. Chuck was fucking with them. Hell we've seen regular people hold out from fully turning, Dean and Sam would kill themselves before becoming monsters regardless how hopeless they were. They also would have slaughtered those hunters, Bobby included, the Boys can fight fucking Demons and Leviathans as humans no way they die to hunters when vamped up.
Mike: "I'll try drinking that's a nice trick"
I posted this before when this was asked so I'll post it again since people seemed to enjoy it. First Episode We get the same fight to save Supergirls earth, Oliver stays behind to guard the box and seemingly disappears in the antimatter wave. Other than that I keep it the same. Second Episode Bruce is broken but not evil and not in an exosuit he's just old and tired, he tells Kate he's seen so many allies die, even Superman. He has no hope at all. Kate and Kara give him a pep talk and he suits up in a bulky Batsuit that has some Beyond vibes. Everything else is the same except the Legends have been tasked with gathering heroes for the final fight. Third Episode Black Lightening is actually a paragon not Ryan Choi, who isn't in this at all. Oliver wakes up on an Earth but not his, he is immediately greeted by Jim Corrigan who explains what the Spectre is and why he can help. Oliver and Jim turn to the heroes of this universe for help. This hero turns out to be Jon "Diggle" Stewart the Green Lantern. Meanwhile Constantine, Diggle, and Mia meet Lucifer to find Oliver's soul but Lucy tells them Oliver's soul isn't in any part of the afterlife. The team gathers on the Waverider along with a bunch of other universes and timelines heroes: Jonah Hex Conroy Batman in the Beyond style suit KC Superman The Hood Adrian Chase (revealed to have survived his universes destruction by jumping to Earth 1 using a device built by his mentor, Bruce Wayne) Kid Flash The Ray Instead of them just standing around to get deleted the Monitor takes them to beginning of time to fight the Anti-Monitor, but it goes horribly. Kid Flash, and Hex are killed. The Ray is crippled, Conroy Batman is torn from his suit, and KC Superman is beaten to unconsciousness. When all seems lost Oliver and the Spectre arrive, but it still isn't enough, Spectre is impaled and turns back to Corrigan, using the last of his power Pariah sends what heroes that are still alive to the vanishing point before the anti-matter wave hits destroying everything. Fourth Episode The heroes immediately start working on a way out, Lex is a douchebag but he and Ray seem to be figuring out a way to get out of the vanishing point. Corrigan dies from his wounds but tells Oliver the Spectre will rise again. Barry is missing, having jumped to the speed force as soon as they arrive. Conroy Bats is in a coma and only kept alive by repurposed tech from his suit. KC Supes blames himself and is distant from everyone. Barry suddenly is thrown from the speed force, he is beaten up and his suit is torn, following him is the Reverse Flash, the heroes immediately fight him but he handles them easily until Supergirl finally knocks him down, he explains himself. He hates Barry but he loves himself more and if they lose this fight he loses too so he's helping them, he claims he only fought them initially because they attacked him. Barry stammers up off the ground and vouches for Thawn. He was attacked by Speed Wraiths in the SF while trying to travel through time to fix everything and Thawn actually saved him. Mick says that's great but one more fast guy isn't changing anything. RF says he didn't come alone as Malcolm Merlyn, Damien Darkh, and Snart exit the Speed Force. RF reveals he plucked each of them from the timeline and left them "stored" in the Speed Force because he saw what was coming. Conroy Bats passes but as he dies he confides in Kate and The Hood (Chase) who have been by his bedside due to their relationship with their own Batmen, he tells them both to keep fighting and once they save everything to be the Dark Knight of their universes. Damien and Nora use their magic along with Lexs tech and RF and Barry's speedforce to transport everyone to the beginning of time to defeat the Anti-Monitor Fifth Episode Chase is now suited up in the Beyond suit with Kate teasing him about stealing her look, KC Superman has come out of his depression, etc basically everyone is ready to fight. Massive fight with Anti-Monitor starts, he has used his abilities to make Anti-Matter versions of the heroes greatest villains (except of course the ones on their side) Oliver and Batman Beyond Chase face down with Anti-Matter Deathstroke and Prometheus. RF and Flash fight AM Zoom and Savitar And everyone else fights AM versions of their villians. Finally it comes down to just Oliver and Anti-Monitor, Oliver charges and starts landing punches and kicks but it does nothing to the Anti-Monitor who prepares to kill Oliver when Corrigan's voice is heard saying, "The Spectre will live on" Oliver's eyes turn green and in a flash of light he is standing in full Spectre outfit, shirtless (for the ladies and I suppose some fellas as well) and everything. He proceeds to whoop some Anti-Monitor ass before rebirthing the universe similar to how it went down in the show. Cut to black. Barry wakes up and immediately rushes to find Oliver who he finds standing in the bunker. He tells Barry he doesn't have much time, he gave up his life force to kickstart a new Multiverse. He tells Barry he is proud of him, proud of the heroes he's met (we get a montage of all of our cameo stars active as heroes in their universes), and he's proud of himself and what he accomplished. He tells Barry he has to go and to not "be too freaked out when she gets here" Barry is confused as Oliver disappears. Barry races back to his friends and family and we get a nice reunion, then on the news we hear an announcer say, ".....fortunately Supergirl was there to save the day". Everyone is super confused, and it gets further confusing when a video of Black Lightening fighting in Freeland is on the news next. The universes of the paragons have merged. Our final scene is Oliver appearing in front of Felicity in a kind of dreamy state, he tells her he loves her and he will always be there even if she cant see him. Felicity wakes up with a smile on her face and walks to crib of sleeping Mia Snoke, telling her that Oliver will always be there for them. Stinger A teenage boy named Clarke is being teased by his friends on a bus they call him, "Superdork" and one of them tear the Superman comicbook out of his hands and throw it down the bus. The young Clarke gets home and his parents are fighting, he goes to his bedroom which is covered in Superman merch. He sits on his bed and opens up his phone to see a bunch of people are on Twitter mocking a picture of him in a Superman cosplay. Clarke squeezes his phone so hard it shatters in his hands. The camera zooms in on his face, his eyes turn red and he smirks. Cut to black.
Fuck what a legit badass, nobody gonna say shit to SHOOTFIGHTER Marko Stunt, he's basically a better version of Conor Macgregor now
Just keep pushing through, sometimes it's a slog but it pays off
I'm here with my all hot girl AEW orgy viewing crew so add 10 to Le Demo
Imagine if this is actually real lol
Yamcha finally gets som redemption Haha loved his little meta moment there 17 and 18 versus 73 is exactly what I was waiting for Roshi and chasing femme fatales is a story as old as time And of course Goku is just fucking lost lol all this arc needs is a Slim Buu or Gotenks appearance and it'll be my favorite
Its somehow too tight and too big at the same time
Well good I was wondering what this Loyal Tumble was all about now I know
Different Doom Patrol, I know its stupid but its offical
I agree all people from the South are just stupid dumb hillbillies who believe in stereotypes, not me I'm all inclusive like AEDub. DAE Sheltons, Saudi Blood Money, Indian Fans don't count, I just cant "relate" to certain wrestlers?
The Big College Dude too, Wayne offered him a handshake and invite to party after, I'm surprised we haven't seen more of him
That's gotta be Dave!!
Biggest Strength: Letting wrestlers be themselves is always entertaining even if it's in a "this so fucking bad I cant look away" entertaining Biggest Weakness: The fanbase that refuses to let any criticism exist, now that's not everyone but there is a very very vocal and loud part of their fanbase that acts like AEW can do no wrong, if AEW starts listening to them over their detractors it'll quickly become a circlejerk
Nah, just Goten and Trunks getting an age up and Gotenks along with them They're older than Teen Gohan but look like 5 year olds
........And we are cleared for take off, what's that control, I can't hear.. There's, there's something else coming over the radio, it's, I think it's a song? *No Chance in Hell intensifies*
But he's soooooo over just like Future Megastar Darby Allin
Lol it looks like a picture from a Reddit Meetup
Yeah they're really trying for a modern day King/Kaufman but they ain't no King or Kaufman
Word is Vince has contacted both Trump and the Saudis to coordinate the destruction of Le Sacred Tapes
Punk obviously, lol like 10k people watch backstage most of the audience hasn't even seen him on it
"The first million is the hardest" Millionaire guy pulls it off first, he has the capital from the get go that will give him a higher credit score, ability to invest, and overall security. The guy with a 1000 will have nothing in a month, he'll be struggling to find a job, apartment, and pay loans. Millionaire guy can pay off his loans, buy a nice small home and car, and start investing with months worth of time to study the investment game and make good calls. Even if he is worried about burning through his money, he can get a part time job to pay basic expenses. Its just no contest, million guy will always win. A $1000 is not a starter fund it's a month worth of living expenses. Edit: Even with the extra 5k edit it still makes no difference, a million is able to be spread around, a $1000 is useless in the stock game unless you are a genius/lucky and play penny stocks
Theres really no scenario where $1000 guy wins. Million guy would need to be a drug addict or completely business illiterate. He could invest in average stocks and still hit a billion before the $1000 guy can get anywhere close to a million.
Trios belts are an awful idea, they need a midcard title first
This is a joke dude
Pictured here in the opening days of 2020, now known of course as "The Year of the Elite", is the WWE Fortress and Slavedriver Resource Center, many a battle was fought under its looming shadows however it fell by the summer of that year. The McMahon family fled back to hell from wence they came and of course HHH and the NXT prisoners were freed to go work for The Dub. The structure is now a Golden Corral with a statue of Lord Kevin Steen who worked tirelessly as a double agent to bring down the Federation erected in front of its extra wide entryway (to accommodate SHOOTFIGHTERs). The voice of the Federation Corey Graves escaped to the South, many believe he found refuge at Castle Cornette.
RVD criticizes AEW, he doesn't like dickflips, and he's constantly fucking two hot women?????? He's basically the mirror version of Unckie Meltz
But he's your favorite wrestlers favorite wrestler, provided your favorite is also a bland midget with no concept of how things like unions actually work. Actually I'm pro-union, that would ensure every mudshow holding 35 person "sell outs" in the alleyways of seedy bars would never be able to book another show without going into massive debt. Enjoy being the equivalent of a movie extra with a SAG membership you fucking dork. (Jokes aside a wrestling union could and would only work on a WWE size scale, unionizing a bunch of indy idiots is a great way to ensure they never work again, in the territory days a union could have really changed something but outside of WWE, AEW, and a select few Japanese and Mexican guys nobody is a big enough star to make the concept of unionizing work, the promotions would just book the next 20 gymnasts that want to be wrestlers who aren't in union, same reason low skilled jobs like retail never unionize, unions only work if the people in them are skilled enough to hold their labor value over their employees heads)
I don't watch BTE, this is a pretty obvious joke, hell I think Omega is a grade a twat and I didn't even believe he'd actually do something so stupid
"And I do not take cheap shots to get it. I am not a guy that comes out and says ‘your town sucks.'" MJF in shambles
Drake is backstage being harassed by some heel, EC3 shows up and the heel says something to him so he throws his solo cup at him then beats the shit out of him. They have a match the week after and EC3 is about to lose when Maverick makes the distraction, EC3 wins. Next week he is out again but Maverick is with him, they beat the heel again. Week after that EC3 and Maverick are given some promo time, EC3 basically does a worked shoot, saying where he came from he always had opportunities but now in the WWE he never gets a fair shot. They enter into a feud with a midcard heel which leads to EC3 winning a midcard title. This is where he turns heel, almost immediately dismissing the fans and bragging about how he was always destined for greatness. He wins MITB with Drake's help and cashes in on the champion when Braun joins up with him and Drake and beats the shit out of the title holder. Braun wins the tag titles with Maverick and the three man stable rules for a couple months before Braun turns face and takes the title from EC3.
This is all true, just like world renown journalist Devon Nicholson my mother in law was also there she said after Pat was dragged down HHH jumped in the coffin claiming he was going to quote, "Katie Vick this motherfucker" before The Rock had to physically remove him from the coffin before shouting, "This is why the Rock is All Elite Brother!!!"
He's a whiny nobody who thinks he's a revolutionary force in the wrestling industry, he's probably a mod on that sub haha
Ohh is this that Final Destination reboot they were talking about?
Ratings matter!!! (Except when Allin vs Pac loses like 60k viewers)
I kinda like it has a sort of surreal look
He's not even succeeding there, plus he's very vocal about wanting to be a "movie star" and unless he signs up as twink for a gay porno company he's not becoming a movie star. I've yet to meet anyone outside of next door who actually thinks he's cool, a "heart throb", or anything other than a creepy dork with a Hot Topic gimmick. Its actually one of the few things I disagree with Cornette on, he loves Darby and I'm completely bewildered by that.
He dresses like the girls I would fail to hit on when I was 15
Yep
Joey Janella.
A poser
Haha I like it, looks like Dabi's chunky little cousin who comes to visit for a weekend
Hmmm this is interesting 90 mins is enough time to kill that I expect a final twist tonight
BEHOLD! My stuff.
Le Fed is Le Ded I heard they're canceling the Rumble
No we don't, that's just skateboard culture
He's just trying to be edgy bro, he's young too, and ummm ughh the sun was in eyes!!!
It was the same smile he had when he paid a homeless man 3 dollars to stick his head in toilet, what a "good" dude Edit: Downvotes don't change facts.
Nah stock price is still high, we've been notified that Darby was just "practicing skateboard culture" and he posted a photo with a kid so all his forgiven. We've also gotten reports that he's just "edgy" and it's perfectly acceptable. Off topic but Fuck Graves I'll never forgive him for attempting to assassinate Mauro with his sniper words
He literally bragged about this shit on a podcast if he's making it up he's not only a piece of garbage he's a fake bitch as well.
A lying poser bitch douchbag. The only thing more pathetic than what he did is making a story up like that to seem edgy, he's a grown (well sorta) man not a fucking 13 year old on Call of Duty.
Wow.. this is exactly what I was going to post Haha
He's a great but not the greatest. Not that it's his fault it's just hard to be the greatest in today's era since wrestling is so far removed from its peak. However as far as active guys go? He's the best, sure he's out of shape and a borderline alcoholic but he's been amazing in AEW and my personal favorite part of every show, dude could be 600lbs in a wheelchair and he'd still kill it.
Nah, I'll hate him after he retires too.
I've heard some people are cheating and going to Chinese buffets to become SHOOTFIGHTERS, we really need to look into performance enhancing wontons.
1. Between the gear and biological supplements the 7 can win, get 7 big professional fighters, give them impact resistant armor covered in razor blades and poison and juice them up on pure test and some of those good government stimulants. Now you've got 7 giant dudes raging out and juiced on pure amphetamines. They should be able to ground and kill Cap, with their armor designed to minimize damage from his shield and make it near impossible to grapple. Now he can still rip heads off which MCU cap should be able to do. He still goes down though probably taking 3 or 4 with him. 2. Comic Cap fought over a hundred asgardian trolls, in a bar, by himself, unarmed. He casually murders the 7 before they realize they got a star spangled boot up their ass.
Idk off the top of my head just Google Cap vs Trolls in Bar itll pop up
Because the cruise was portrayed as an awesome rock star level party when it has more in common with a 2005 highschool Halo Lan Party
It's in the enclosed pool area
Fuck everyone's bleeding in there
Lol ironic given their Freeium episode
Yep especially if you didn't have a look or gimmick
Vince has pictures on the wall of all the stars he wished Edge was And Cody knows all his favorites songs
He performed an ancient Brood ritual that allowed him to steal the career of a young superstar.
People there said nobody knew who he was and just thought he was some random jackass haha
Everytime I hear or see Lizzo I am filled with the screaming anger of 10000 damned souls. In addition to being in godawful physical shape, she has no combat training, and she has no actual feats and dies horribly to anything other than chunky teenagers and fat college students trying to feel empowered by a corporately created and driven pop star.
They're not, they're a fun Indy show with a big budget
Anime rules, bonus power for extra drama
Cosmic Immortal Hulk outlived everything and ate like the cosmic embodiment of nothingness, he shitstomps
Imagine no Zeno
Team PG appearing only on Main Event
I got better
Yep he's canonically the strongest there is
I've never understood the marking out over her elbow drop it looks like any other elbow drop
Nothing like potentially killing someone in car accident to watch M'Bucks
Right?
Jericho was pretty well liked by everyone though, Riddle seems like Aries 420
He'd be a main event guarentee there
Yep, notice how Miz didn't even bother to respond to Punk? That's a company man, sure he's not "badass" but dudes making bank, making babies, and making a star of himself. He's a guy who never should have been a wrestler let alone a star and he's got a TV show that outdraws the entire Wednesday Night War.
He killed Galactus, Franklin Richards, and The Immortal Man. Doesn't matter if its off screen it happened and it isn't just him saying it. It's confirmed they're dead and he's the reason why.
Ohh man cant wait for some crappy facepaint and awful "dark" promos
If they make a Green Lantern show with Diggle I'll buy two houses and start two families just to get two Nelson boxes so I can support it
Everyone knows true artists always clash with everyone they work with and alienate all their friends, that's why Austin Aries is the greatest wrestler of all time.
Smarks like whatever isn't popular. The minute AEW starts attracting casuals you'll start seeing its biggest defenders start complaining. Hell I bet in 10 years the standard smark think will be, "high spots are stupid we need real psychology and less flips"
Yeah I really liked that
Sounds good, I don't need 29 episodes with 20 being pointless filler or CW "romance" and "drama"
She ties her boots and she don't know He's got another heel on the phone She'll work her match His scripted promos are all he gives to her And he's got posters on the wall Of all the stars he wished she was And this bizness means everything to her Her booker, he don't know Anything about her He's too old, Vince Russo I wish that I could make her see She's just the wrestler of the weak It's Friday night on Smackdown Live He's a down at NXT She's booked to win But not on TV He's not connected to the fans And he's got pictures on the wall Of all the stars he's pushed before And she does all his favorite moves Her booker, he don't know Anything about her He's too old, Vince Russo I wish that I could make her see She's just the wrestler of the weak
Great now Mauro is gonna quit again
I'll admit I got worked, I fully believed Lesnar told Riddle to fuck off. But yeah this is a work, Riddle ain't retiring him but I can see him getting a random one off.
Cap is always around literal gods and superhumans, nobody brags about Batman's strength when he's with Superman. When Cap is solo he gets plenty of shine, like beating down a 100 asgardian trolls, by himself. Hell he fought NaziCap while NaziCap was in an Infinity Stone powered Ironman armor and using Mjolnir and he won (with a little help from Mjolnir).
Hey repping a Mustang too nice, I'm sure the car guys are gonna get butthurt about that
Translation = Cancel culture is cool until somebody I like is in the crosshairs then its gone too far.
So again, it boils down to it's ok if you think it's ok. This is the exact reason cancel culture is an absolute joke. For the record the company edited and approved what Cornette said before he said it, he resigned after the fact to avoid the shitstorm. Darby took advantage of an actual human being when they were at their lowest just to get a laugh and remembers it as a fun and fond story. that is on a far different level then an old man saying dumb shit accidentally and a juiced up confused dude being edgy on a bodybuilding sub.
Gingerly touching your back during the match isn't a story. They go a 1000 miles an hour until the finish its not a story it's a stuntshow. Kenny Omega has done stories in the ring I'll admit that but I have yet to see a Bucks match on AEW that was anything less than a well worked spotfest. Maybe the match with Dustin in it had a story of him doing some flippy shit. That's about it.
My name is Finlay and I...... WILL PURGE ALL FLESH
The trick is to watch them high as fuck while shitposting on reddit. Everything seems new all the time then.
Dont remind me that was the worst of the Dark Multiverse stories
I used to be like that, you can function but everything is a cloud. I still smoke heavily (it's legal and cheap here so that helps) but I've got a professional career so I only smoke on the weekends or after work. The first week wasn't like hard or anything, but you deff have a "fuck I just smoked 5 years away" moment on day 3 of not being permastoned kinda makes you realize weed is a drug not a constant companion.
Paging Dr. Toboggan
Hell no, I'm sticking around until everything ends
Vince Failed.
Yeah but its gonna draw
Exactly
The door seems so stupid to me. Like there's infinite time but there's also infinite things to do. You could literally watch the entire course of human history, you could experience the first time life appeared on earth all the way to the time humanity finally gets off the planet, you could just ask to be put in a fake life and relive your earth life as a totally new person there's infinite possibilities. The only characters I felt had a satisfying ends were Michael and Tahani.
Exactly the door shouldn't have been deletion it should have just reincarnated you on earth with no memories in a random time and place. So you basically finish your life and start a new one, kinda like Michael on a large scale.
I don't think Chuck is God, I think he's the Demiurge and just believes he's God, he clearly isn't omniscient or omnipotent.
Brock can go from a legit badass to a baby holding his hurt tum tum with just a facial expression. He's also one of the few legit guys who has no problem being made to look like a chump, you pay Lesnar enough and he'll job to anyone he doesn't give a shit. He's not there to win titles or have 5 star matches, he's there to make money and he makes money. He's also the one big WWE guy who could legitimately go to AEW, if Khan made a big enough offer Brock would tell Vince, "Sorry pal", and be on the first plane to Jacksonville, he could give two shits if Vince blacklisted him, hell he challenged his original no compete clause, won, and Vince still brought him back with a massive contract.
I've been disappointed since the Levithans showed up so I expect a paint by the numbers victory with Jack becoming the new Chuck. But it'd be nice if the writers actually managed to be surprising in the end. And again it's irrelevant if he's God he should be omnipotent not able to be beaten by his grandson who he's already killed casually, just because of a spell. He's not omnipotent.
Agree I really dont like Jack getting all this focus, it's the boys show not his. I really wish he stayed dead to be honest.
The Elite are the greatest carnies in the biz, they convinced an entire generation of fans and other wrestlers that they're the little guys out to slay a giant when in reality they're a bunch of guys milking a money mark until his balls are dry. Honestly Corny should be impressed with them, they're so good at keeping Kayfabe, they worked half the industry.
Lol this is such bullshit, he has said numerous times he has no interest in them and its rumored Khan did reach out. Corny is a retired millionaire who still makes 6 figures yearly selling gimmicks and collectables, he absolutely hates traveling and doesn't give a fuck about being in the spotlight. Tony would have to offer him a Lesnar contract to get him to come in.
Idk why this sub paints Corny as some old broke desperate loser he's a millionaire that lives in a 3 story mansion and makes plenty of money selling random shit.
A dude who spends his time bitching about wrestling and hating everything that exists while being independently wealthy and living in a museum to pro wrestling... you'd think he'd be this sub's living icon.
Well now I know why I secretly love it Haha
I guarentee the post credits scene is Hobbes return.
Yeah that could be a morality system too like magic is super useful and strong but makes normal humans wary of you, more enemies spawn, etc. Or you do it with just guns and fists and civilians like you and give you tips or hunts or maybe discounts on things at stores. The universe is begging to made into a game I can't believe it hasn't happened yet
Spider-Car, Spider-Car Drives whereever, super far Fuel efficient, and mid-size Turbo boosted, all wheel drive Look out Here comes the Spider-Car
Nah Morty has slowly been getting more competent and violent
I think his first film he legitimately tried, when he realized how awful it was his ego couldn't handle the failure so he convinced himself that his plan was to fool everyone all along, so he kept making movies to prove to himself he was always just playing a giant Kaufman esque prank.
If Cornette shows up on AEW he'll have pulled off the single greatest work of all time and we should pay to have a statue erected of him pissing on Russo's grave.
Notice the profile pic doesn't show her full body, but her torso takes up the entire bottom half of the photo, she's got that SHOOTFIGHTER physique
Its a Crossfire those things broke so much they barely qualified as a car haha but yeah you're right but this is no ordinary Crossfire, its Spider-Car.
Lol for real? Seems dark but after tonight's episode I'd buy it haha Edit: also DM me those spoiler links if ya got em
Is that what its called haha? Only tinder date I ever went on pulled that one on me lol
Lol I don't know why the lamestream audiences don't like m'dorkable Japanese waifus they're yelling like idiots, doing stupid MadTV skits, and look like 12 year olds.... how is that *not* wrestling?!
I agree with you about Flash and GL, they just seem too powerful to die, Dr. Fate as well.
The show just casually offed a kid, she reacted by going manic and trying to recruit a new team, it can go two ways... Her continued bravado gets one of her new team killed, a family member, or herself injured very badly and she breaks down admitting she's been putting on a tough girl front Her new team works out fine and she learns nothing while that kid dying also means nothing. I have faith its going to be option one.
I mean Damien is technically half white but he is nearly if not always portrayed as having light skin and dark hair with features that heavily resemble Bruce, so unless we are going to start casting people via DNA tests I don't see an issue.
No this is part of the story, she's going to really fuck up because she's so headstrong and learn a lesson. This is character development. I really like how they've built it up you sympathize with her but kinda get annoyed with her like you probably would if you were in Pat's shoes.
That just sounds like you don't like white people and found a reason to justify it, but whatever you're entitled to your opinion. Edit: Also got curious and looked up Damians heritage, Ra's apparently has been described as both having an Asian heritage and roman/Byzantium heritage and there's arguments that Damien is half white, 1/4 Chinese, and 1/4 Arabic so if you're really going to get down to the genetics of it he's technically "more white" not that it really matters they should choose someone who looks and acts like him the best if that happens to be someone who nails the DNA of the character great
I'm not mad at all haha just pointing out the obvious. Also see my edit above I think you might have Damian's ethnicity confused
Note, its still ok to tell Ryker to kill himself though cause he likes a president I don't.
Only by forcing others to have our values or risk complete expulsion from society, if not worse, can we beat fascism
I remember this, Jericho went full SRSY2J and suddenly WWE was giving the super serious gimmick to everyone, completely killed Swagger, then he got busted with weed and that was it
Ohh boy is TNA about to reenter the war?
I don't think it is. He got fired. He posted a video that drummed up interest in him without being bitter or angry at WWE. He gets used and works his ass off to get over and get noticed in an era with zero crowds, knowing he was fired. He gets rewarded with a contract because he got over. Lio got released and immediately started shitting on everyone. Now if we find out this was a work from the beginning I'd agree.
Wow that was so long ago when he was only 50
Can you feel the REAL SPORTS!!!!
The entire plot is dropped. Instead, the first episode shows Picard living a nice life at his Vineyard but you can tell he's kind of bored. We find out he's been constantly trying to come out of retirement but Star Fleet keeps denying his requests. Later he's hanging out at some local bar when he's recognized by a younger woman who basically fangirls over him saying she's a crewmember of small research vessel that will be going to (I actually don't know much about Star Trek so insert hard to reach or dangerous destination that Picard is familiar with in the canon here). She invites him to come see the vessel he agrees and goes with her where he meets her crew. The ship is noticeablely kinda dingy and the uniforms of the crew are off, Picard makes a mental note of this but ignores it. He mentions to the crew how he'd love to go on another mission and jokes with their Captain that the drive to explore and discover is addicting. The Captain suggests he go with them, Picard is hesitant but agrees to think it over. He has reservations that night noting the odd crew uniforms and ship but ultimately he can't pass up the chance to go explore once more. So he joins with them, they head out cloaked which Picard questions. They dance around the question and head off. Eventually Picard would find out the crew aren't official Star Fleet members, they're wash outs and pirates who are trying to find some rare expensive macguffin in some distant part of the galaxy and have brought Picard along because he's dealt with the species who live in the region where the macguffin is rumored to be. Picard would slowly but surely start to teach the crew various morals, science and values you'd expect in a Star Trek show as they explore the universe trying to prove their worth. Going from their prisoner to their teacher ultimately ending with the crew redeeming themselves and becoming offical members of Star Fleet.
Wasn't Jericho or Cody recently referred to as "former WWE Superstar" on some talk show or something?
When Netflix casts your anime movie..... Haha just kidding dude that actually looks pretty good especially as a kinda low key cosplay, with protests and covid you can even get away with the bandanna in public
Yeah this is a dumb move you don't build new stars by having them beat established guys, you build new stars with quirky YouTube shows, Twitter feuds, and losing to Cody.
I'd actually be for a New Day/Big E heel turn to feud with Keith Lee. Maybe start with Lee linking up with New Day and slowly start to overshadow them eventually getting a title shot. Big E interferes and screws Lee citing that he hasn't had a championship match in forever and Lee stole his opportunity and fans. Kofi and Xavier when he comes back could kinda be torn before ultimately siding with Big E. New Day are kinda permafaces at this point though so it might be difficult to pull off.
Orton vs Ciampa at Summerslam?
The only thing I can think is his dad was influencing him to be an asshole with his powers now that daddy is in a coma he's free to be himself and isn't as much of a dick
He's inside a guy at the Manhole!?
Goodnight Express works only because their top rivals have a dozen moves named after Uncle Dave, so it makes since they would do something as a homage to Corny. Mind Breaker is something I'd come up with as a 12 year old doodling in math class
Re:View: of Fanboys BOTW: The Entire Stand Miniseries (I know Jay hates it and its pretty universally despised by I have a soft spot for it) HiTB: Space Force
Whoever Joker is in the Batman movie makes vague references to the Joker movie as his "past", this is taken as a half truth since the timelines don't match and Joker lies about his past all the time
Now I want Jesus to show up in Dragonball as a super jacked Saiyan NEXT TIME ON DRAGONBALL SUPER!!!! HE WHO IS WITHOUT SIN!! JESUS CASTS THE FIRST STONE!!!!
Ridiculous!!!!! The earth is a rhombus and the sun is the eye of a giant turtle, read a book once in a while
Miles vs Superior? Sign me up and let us unlock Superior as an alternative costume at the end or let us play as him in a DLC
Cornette thinks he's funny but that's about it
These people would unironically agree with that statement lol
How many 5 stars has he got huh???? 0 fucking nobody.
Ohh I know exactly what they're based off of, and just like UFO pants and neon spandex some fashion trends don't need resurrected. I should know, I used to wear JNCO, jeans I wasn't even a juggalo I just legit thought they were cool.
Bryan's
Nah, TBWL knows taking the deal will make him her servant, he's trying to starscream this bitch until he has a chance to strike. I bet he eventually kills her or takes her power for himself or gets killed trying, he won't be content working as her right hand man.
Also just "midgets", not even midget wrestlers, just "midgets" I'm assuming their top face comes out to "Dixie" lol
Lol against Drew he'd look like an angry little brother
WWE finally found a way to play recaps mid match
This was worse than the Stadium match
It was in no way wrestling or a match it was an Adult Swim short, funny but it wasn't wrestling
That was likely the night the Injustice Society formed or they had a mole
I love it, it feels so much different than the Arrowverse, Gotham gave me similar vibes just shows that are happy to portray their source material and don't view it as "outdated" or "cartoony".
My main issue is Dr. Mid-nite is blind, its kinda a bummer they take the one thing that made him unique and literally invert it. Beth should have been blind and her father a former associate of Dr. Mid-Nite who adapts the goggles for her to see, but it only works well at night. But I'm OK with some changes since this show is at least trying to accurate with most stuff, but if you're a fan of Mid-Nite its probably be disappointing it'd be like if Daredevil's name was taken over by a guy who couldn't fight at all and wasn't blind, but was a super good detective.
Being tall, jacked, athletic, and talented is what got him there, the connections just opened the door. MJF is a hell of promo and good in ring, but he will never have that "it" appeal because he's like 5'8" and looks like a rodent.
Hires Luthor.
Its not just that MJF is small, he just looks too normal, Eddie looked like a damn cartoon character half the time. Edit: Also I don't know why you're getting downvoted for asking questions this sub is ridiculous
"I'M DARBY ALLIN AND WELCOME TO DYNAMITE" *drives a golf cart off 60 foot tower onto Sammy Guevara*
Is he signed? Thought this was a one off
No problem he isnt a super known guy but I think he's really good he kinda draws from the Rock too much in his promos but he's got a nice charisma about him
Biscuits as in British cookies? Or Biscuits as in buttery flakey southern goodness?
I'm not sold on Spears being in there but the idea sounds great
Its canon but its BWL and they revealed Bathattan, I think he's gonna get rezzed or reborn next issue to piss everyone off
....AAAAnd his opponent the TNT Champion, Patriarch of the Nightttttmare Family, Representing The Elite, he is the grandson of a plumber, the Vice President of AEW, 2003 AND 2004 Georgia State Wrestling Champion, owner of a pretty nice truck, he has a dog, with a credit score of 800, the artist formerly known as Stardust, the best tattoo in the business, the humble, CCCOOOOODDDDYYYYYYYYYY 10 minutes of fireworks, camera cuts to weeping women in the front row who are definitely not actresses
Imagine trying to compare taking over your mostly absent father's company by working until you had enough power and influence to do it on your own with asking Daddy for a big boy raise so you can play wrestler with your new cool friends
I think it looks goofy and is pretty lame its just a repeat of Cell eating 17 but even lamer because suddenly he's stronger than he was after eating an entire universe because he science magicked a copy inside a roboman he ate? I mean I know it's Dragonball but..... da fuck?
Holy fuck haven't thought of that movie in forever
That's awesome good for her
Don't forget the time he created a slave race out of a bunch of grad students to fulfill a contract he kept putting off
Yeah Rusty Venture is probably one of the more heinous villians on the show and he's a "good guy"
Hulk Hogan was the first black WWF champ
As a fellow stoner let me provide a Pothead to English Translation. "Wow finally metoo has hit wrestling, with how this business has been I'm assuming it will be like when they catch a mobster and he rats out everyone. For a long time this was hidden in our business, but now things are coming to light and the actions committed by those people will finally see some sort of consequences"
Fuck it bring him back with anyone they laid off for Covid that will come back as a new Nexus
That would be a good one, Punk the world's worst fighter versus a bodybuilder held together by stem cells and HGH. Its like Wal-Mart Batman vs Back Alley Bane
Ohh man I gotta look that up I somehow missed it
Lol I did this but I got outwhored by another guy who did a way simpler translation, it was pitiful karma harvest
I like that, my personal theory is: Bruce actually uses the gun in this timeline and kills the guy, he then breaks like Bruces tend to do when they kill someone and he decides to train a new Batman who wouldn't hold back so he could end crime once and for all, cue Terry and a Batman Beyond who kills
No he wouldn't have had the time what with all the cocaine and illicit parties with a man only known as R.E.
Cinematic and serious like Edge/Orton it could work, but if its cinematic with Taker raising zombies and Sting splitting into all the various forms of Sting to fight them off, I'll pass
Yeah they're not drawing casuals anymore, they had a brief chance at the height of Punk's pipe bomb and later Bryan's occupy thing, only because they were starting to pull the "common man vs the authority" storyline like they did with Stone Cold but with a modern twist to appeal to today's audience, then they fucked around and lost their heat and neither were ever going to have Rock or Austin charisma that would overshadow the awful WWE booking. Right now nobody is a "big" star in WWE it's all about the company, casual people don't go crazy for companies they go crazy for characters and stories. If they think discount adult swim skits and SNL music videos are going to bring the casuals back they're in for a rude surprise. They should start leaning into "kayfabed kayfabe", stuff like the Drake situation but planned from the start. Book a great worker to have short squash matches when "in character" on screen he's mad that he's not getting good competition on Twitter he complains he doesn't get anytime to show how good he is. He starts petitioning for a match against Bryan, Styles, Adam Cole, somebody known for great long matches. Finally it happens but its the "filler" match before a Main Event segment that is scheduled to be a wedding or party or some other stupid non wrestling gimmick that people would expect to see on RAW. But then, they just keep going. Announcers are acting obviously weird, ref starts trying to quick count, but they just keep going, announcers apologize and say we will have to postpone the main event as this match is going very long. Eventually the guy goes over and the two immediately shake hands as an authority figure like HHH or Vince is seen yelling at them as the screen goes off air. So you get the little "they went off script" hint but most people would realize ohh its a story, however you'd slowly bring that little tinge of doubt back that made wrestling so great. I mean to be fair it shits all over the last remnants of kayfabe but at this point it's in a coma anyway.
Super Friends Batman exists so this is false.
Gambler is such a douchbag I love it, his death is gonna be great
It's my favorite show period right now. I'm watching Shield too which is good, but this is the only show I'm legitimately excited for every week. I haven't connected with a show and it's characters like this since season 1 of Heroes.
The kids a great actor, I said it awhile back but I he'd make an amazing Damien Wayne, he'd pull of the annoying little brat shit perfectly. Too bad we probably will never see a live action Damien unless someone decides to make a Supersons show.
I'm thinking of like an almost Mafiaesque Wayne family. Thomas was a crime boss in this world who gets killed by a competitor along with Martha, Bruce grows up a bitter orphan until Alfred (Thomas's right hand man) gets out of jail and gives Bruce access to his father's hidden fortune. Bruce becomes Batman not to fight crime but to control it. Grayson, Todd, and Drake could be orphans he "found" (had their families killed) and raised as his protégés. Damian would be spoiled sociopath as he as in this universe the LOA are under Batman's control and Talia is his wife. The Justice League are long since dead, Joker never got to be born because he was killed when he was still Red Hood. Other villians are Batman's henchmen and and teams like The Titans and Outsiders are under his control.
I remember watching him win it off Orton live, my buddies and I are laughing saying, "LOL yeah like Mark Henry is gonna beat Ort-" Then he hit the WSS and that was it, I was hooked from then on
Just looking at the anime I know DBZ- Without Goku the Red Ribbon army takes over until King Piccolo kills them all he eventually gets immortality, he fends off Raditz probably killing him quickly so he never finds out about the Dragonballs, Vegeta and Nappa say good riddance. The sagas are all avoided and Buu never gets enough energy to rewake. Beerus eventually blows it up. G Gundam (because I can't remember Wing well enough)- I think the MC here is key without him the evil dudes master plan goes off OPM- Things are a lot more serious, Blast would need to show up at points or they are fucked Dr. Stone- Doesn't happen without MC Deathnote- Doesn't happen without MC Assassination Classroom- Doesn't happen without MC MHA- I think they get along ok, All for One would give Le Million the power and he'd do well with it, but Overhaul might fuck him. And current Shiggy would probably ruin everyone's day YuYu Hakashu- I don't think it can happen without the MC but if I remember correctly there were some powerful good guys present but overall they'd do worse
Yeah it depends if he gets him with quirk eraser bullets
Good point, do you think we even get to Super Shiggy?
I don't understand why Nattie keeps getting screentime, she's a really good worker but she's devoid of charisma and outshined by half the roster, just make her an agent
My favorite DC movie, Owlman's great, I can almost kinda see how he went insane and came to his conclusion
This looks pretty good.
Yeah he didn't come off as discount Batman, but almost like an unhinged Batman when he fought, deff my favorite Owlman portrayal
Joker has him wired up, in the background when Joker is talking you see some henchman hooked into a VR looking thing. So basically a rando henchman using a corspe as a drone was able to go one on one with Batman in a sword fight
Did he insult Stacy? All I saw was him calling Corny a cuck and referencing hot tub parties.
Step 1- Go to NXT Show Step 2- Say a Waifu sucks Step 3- Take one incredibly weak punch from a hand that is so fat its like a water balloon Step 4- Sue SHOOTFIGHTERS embarrassed rich parents Step 5- $$$$$$
Over/Under on Maxel pinning Shawn Spears? I say by August
I love PlantSwordsman haha Also it seems like we may get other plant rezzing since they hinted you can "earn" a resurrection Love to see some old heroes or maybe even villians return
Chuck Taylor gets hit on the head and thinks he's a massively jacked 80s wrestler and attempts to wrestle as such.
After the tournament Cabba returns to U6 and begins training all of the Saiyan peacekeepers to go Super Saiyan. Meanwhile Frost works to unlock the Golden Freeza form. We then go to U7 sometime after Moro saga ends, everyone is enjoying themselves training etc, when Cabba appears in that Cube transport the Angels use. He is beat to hell and passes out in Vegetas arms. We then flash to Whis who is contacted by the Grand Priest, U6 is in serious trouble, both Champa and Vados are unreachable even to the eyes of Zeno. Whis remarks he will go investigate when suddenly Beerus calls out, he is seemingly disappearing. Whis attempts to revert time but Beerus fully disappears. Whis looks mildly surprised and disappears as well. We go to U6, Kale and Caulifa are fighting a desperate battle alongside a few Namekians, humans, and some other Saiyans. One of the humans is cut down by a shadowy figure, suddenly other shadowy things start killing off the warriors until only Kale and Caulifa are left, they prepare to go out fighting when Goku ITs and grabs them before ITing out of there. They are all back at U7 where Cabba is awake. Caulifa starts to argue with Goku saying she could have handled it when Cabba unexpectedly tells her, "No you would have died" Cabba explains what he knows, ever since Earth was reformed the Saiyans and earthlings have gotten along. The Earthlings supply the Saiyans with food and the Saiyans protect earth as even the strongest human is quickly outpaced by a Saiyan child. However, things went south when one of Cabba's Super Saiyan warriors inadvertently destroyed an earth city. An evil army on earth used it as an excuse to wage war on the Saiyans and are quickly defeated, but the leaders escape vowing revenge, this army was called the "Blue Sock Force" and was led by twins one an incredibly intelligent scientist and the other a powerful mystic. The two combined their science and magic to make a powerful weapon which can control any ki using warrior and make them slaves to their evil ways. Vegeta says, "Fine let's go kill them and free you're people" Cabba argues it isn't that simple, the weapon is a virus airborne and easily spread by any contact, the more you power-up the stronger hold it has on you. Bulma suggests that with a sample she could potentially make a cure if someone went to U6 and brought back an infected person. They will need to send someone with low ki to avoid the virus from overtaking them. Yamcha is suggested but Cabba says even his power is too much, it needs to be someone with almost zero ki control. Just then Hercule shows up and everyone looks at him. Its decided Hercule will go with the former Champ stepping up and saying he'll do it, although he clearly is scared. Suddenly Goku is informed of the missing Beerus and Whis by Dende and attempts to contact Supreme Kai, but can't get ahold of him. He tells the others he thinks something might be wrong when out of nowhere a portal opens up and shadowy figures begin to rain down on U7, they are a mix of Super Saiyans, Namekians, and other aliens with blacked out eyes and dark purple ki surrounding them. The Z Warriors start fighting and after some damage manage to beat back the horde. Finally the twins appear one is in an armored suit with a glowing orb in the center, the other wields a staff and and wears long robes, a glowing orb hangs off his neck and energy crackles around him. However, a third figure approaches as a well, a glowing almost white energy blinds everyone as Crystal Frost appears. Now jacked up like Final Form Freeza but with a white shining coloration. Frost explains he was left embarrassed by the GoDs, U6, and U7 and he will have his revenge on all of them. Vegeta and Goku attack but Frost easily catches both of their arms before beating them down and knocking the SSJ Blue out of them. Frost continues saying the twins too sought revenge against the GoDs angry that neither were invited to the ToP but more importantly angry that they as humans were treated as nothing but glorified chefs, that all their magic and science was ignored for brute power the Saiyans had. The wizard twin continues saying that with his dark magic and his brother's brilliant tech they found a way to harness the power of the GoDs themselves. They lured Champa and his Kai to a feast on Earth (Champa had been visiting Earth regularly at this point) and absorbed their energy. Goku interjects that it won't happen again when Frost starts laughing, he reveals of course it will happen again, in fact it already has they ambushed and absorbed the Supreme Kai, and Beerus by virtue of their link, before they even came to Earth, they have the power of two GoDs and two Kais between the three of them, nothing can stop them now. Vegeta asks how when he hears laughing, its Cabba now ringed in purple ki and blacked out eyes. Kale and Caulifa appear with similar auras. Frost tosses them a pair of Potora earrings and they merge into Kefla. Now the science brother starts talking saying they have been playing U7, Cabba, Kale, and Caulifa had been infected whole time, unknown even to them, stalling U7 with talk of viruses, in reality U6 is already lost, the orbs are what control everyone, all of its powerful warriors are dead, theres no help coming. He starts laughing uncontrollably but suddenly gets cut off, then seemingly has his head explode drawing a scream from his brother. Hit appears saying he has been hired to kill the twins, and hints the Grand Priest is the client. He smirks saying now the job is half done. Wizard brother blasts Hit and goes to his brother's corpse, their gems both glow and two merge together reforming with a sole gem and having traits of both brothers. Hit goes for a second slow mo kill but is stopped and gets his ass kicked by the now merged twins. Piccolo tosses him a senzu and the battle gets going. So the U6 Saiyans fight with the lesser Z fighters, Hit, Goku, and Vegeta fight the ubertwin and Platinum Frost. UberTwin eventually goes crazy and threatens to blow up the universe and Frost kills him to steal the orb with all the power in it, this breaks the virusspell and all the U6 guys return to normal and line up to fight the insanely powerful Frost. Eventually as the team holds off Frost using everything they can except MUI, Bulma figures out a way to drain the energy from the orb, restoring the GoDs. Beerus and Champa show up furious and hakai Frost who foolishly attempts to attack them in his Crystal Form. Everyone has a big feast to celebrate as Beerus and Champa muse if human food is worth all the trouble of having an Earth. Whis and Vados motion to a massive buffet that the GoDs rush to devour deciding they'll keep both Earths around for awhile.
I wonder if those old lady florists are somehow linked to this
For me it was the Rick and Morty masks
Lol why are you being downvoted
Yeah I went with Frost because I wanted a link to the tournament and U6 as well as a prior villian who could potentially rival Goku/Vegeta I figured Frost meets those requirements and I could get away with a giant power boost because we know his race can do that.
I mean that's a shit argument when Spidey told everyone he was Peter Parker it accelerated the Civil War, Cap died, Aunt May was shot, Peter put on the black suit and beat Kingpin half to death to prove a point (ok that part was cool), eventually he had to sacrifice his marriage in a literal deal with devil to rewrite time and keep his identity a secret.
Isn't there a dude in Mexico doing a MAGA gimmick and getting insane heat?
Rusev-One-More-Day Rusev: Back in Tank Rusev No More
Rusevverse Rusevgeddeon
Are you kidding? Thursday afternoons are great, whether AEW wins or loses its a fucking goldmine of material
No fucking way.....It's actually real, lol and it's a 3 pack hahahaha
Jon will have to fight a powered up Superman Damian will say something dickish around Red Hood who will say he really is Bruce's kid Constantine will sacrifice himself and end up in heaven Ivy sacrifices herself for Harley One of those Marvel rip offs Sideways, Damage, or Silencer will make an appearance
Huh, dude obviously Damian is Bruce's kid what in my comment made you think otherwise? Also idk Taylor wiped the Batfamily quick, if anyone is gonna get an asspull hero moment it'll be Harley who Taylor clearly loves
He only has charisma when he is booked in a single specific way; enter through crowd, garbage brawl, stand there with blood on his face And even that only works about 2 or 3 times until the audience is bored
Looks like another DVR fast forward edition of Smackdown
How dare Vince do something so wicked and evil like book three top talent in a match!!!!
We should start a Kickstarter to send him to the Amazon with no vaccines let him wander around exposing his immune system too all those wonderful diseases after all he's a tough badass with a super immune system he can take it
I had to quit my job as a part-time assistant night moderator on reddit but it was worth it
Not how things are done here, its feats only Saitama's top feats put him below most of the characters in Dragonball
Cool I'll check it out
Sir Justin
Right? When I saw the sword I lost it, we get giant robots and knights? All they need is Jonah Hex or the cowboy version of Vigilante to complete the ridiculousness haha
Yep, its 100% him
Blue Crystal Universe (also featuring AMCs The Walking Dead)
Wait he's legit loaded? I thought he was like upper middle class and it was mostly a gimmick
A New Yorker fucking with bagels?!! OK now I really do hate MJF
"Hey you want some deathsticks?" Obi Jeff KeHardy- "Yes"
He'd fire him
The joke is he should be making classic delicious Brooklyn Jewish bagels, not "Paleo" wannabe bagels. It'd be like an Italian guy making lactose free pizza with gluten dough
Its no more a stereotype than saying black folk make delicious southern food. Jewish delis always have the best bagels
Gives it to Mandy, she turns heel and dumps him after -this would be a waste and accomplish nothing, so yeah this is probably the plan Cashes in with Tucker on tag titles -Underwhelming but makes sense, it could happen Cashes in and loses -Stupid and pointless and done before so its likely as well Tucker turns on him and cost him the case -A great way to bury both of them, so yeah I wouldn't be surprised Otis is slowly built up to be a champion, keeps Mandy with him and cashes in on Corbin after he wins it by being a slimeball heel -Never gonna happen but I'd love it
Nah, him beating down Superman made sense because Superman is a super bitch in this universe, remember Wonder Woman kicked his ass and nearly killed him when they fought because Superman is so unskilled in combat. Alfred beating him down showed that literally anyone with super powers could fight against Superman, he's nothing special hes just stronger than everyone like a bully, and like any other bully when the odds are even he's a bitch. Wonder Woman would have wrecked Alfred and killed Bruce shes a pure killer warrior in this universe.
Cool seeing Aerie again they're my favorite of the new Suicide Squad characters I still want to see the Marvel Knockoffs; Sideways, Damage, and Silencer. Particularly Sideways can you imagine if he got infected?
Fuck off Poseidon, stop fucking with wrestlers
