How could the bluster be effective if not taken seriously.
I cannot imagine how you only saved 200/month
Right, it's not like Indiana is the basketball state without her.
And what about the people saying it will go down to 0 when it was $300? Those people are wrong in hindsight too.
Just go find someone dude. It takes 1 minute.
Why not dollar cost average?
This sub's investment thesis basically amounts to a long term momentum strategy. Indexing the market with the longest track record of success rather than hand-picking based off value. It's not so different than seeing the market march upwards and comfortably contributing more money. It's just on the basis of decades of momentum rather than months. I'm not even saying it's a bad strategy - just that it's not very different.
For a short term investment, a 15% drop is of great concern. You have it backwards.
It takes like 3 pictures to capture all of Earth's surface from space. We're not talking about land roving drones here.
And that they are already lying about the product but will now magically be honest?
That doesn't mean their can't be
Plus people hosting events need to know how many people to expect. Thinking you should be invited without any expectation of having to make a commitment is selfish indeed.
Nah, the bots don't auto downvote until you specifically identify them as 'liberals.'
Woosh
Haven't seen University of London mentioned yet. About $18,000 total for 3 years. Cheapest real option IMO.
Even better then
You had something to lose which is one reason why the occupy protests fizzled out. People actually did have better things to do, which is great.
This is why we need to pretend to support it until election time comes.
AI will create more jobs than it takes, just like every other massive technological advancement. AI is not different. Computers made a LOT of people unnecessary over night, but it's easy to see not only how much better they have made everyone's lives, but also how many jobs they have created. Output per person has skyrocketed and unemployment is at an all time low. The demand for output will always outpace capacity. AI will create more jobs, decrease the cost of goods and services, and put less money from the US into foreign nations. That's the only sort of economic magic you're going to find. Don't fuck it up.
"Learn to code" is not a cop out. AI will make it trivially easy to do.
Not at all - automation makes previously skilled labor into unskilled labor. Even still, you don't seem interested in lowering the amount of unskilled immigrants coming in to cash their UBI.
What does this even mean? lol
Your vision is pretty selective. You talk about automating things to the extreme yet somehow you think stepping up to IT will require lots of skill? Yes trucking will eventually transition to AI. I fully granted the labor market will change.
AI = smarter tools = less skilled people You already know this, but for some reason you are shielding networking and programming from this fact.
I will be contacting Lenovo soon, but I'm worried it will be a long time until I get it back. I'm hoping there is no issue with buying the battery warranty and then immediately sending it in for warranty replacement!
I appreciate you chiming in with your experience. I have yet to call them - I'm hopeful they can help me determine whether or not it is just the battery or if it's the module as well. I'll probably end up going that route as well.
Where do you live?
But ideally we should fuck over investors?
Not at all. It also includes things like opening Chinese markets to American financial companies and some intellectual property measures. https://www.cnbc.com/2019/12/31/trump-trade-advisor-navarro-says-phase-one-trade-deal-is-in-the-bank-waiting-on-translation.html
Fortunately you are wrong. &gt;“It’s got great stuff in it,” he said. “It’s got essentially the same chapter we had in the May deal that the Chinese walked away from on intellectual property theft. So that’s a good deal.” &gt;“For Wall Street ... financial market access for the banks, insurance companies and credit card companies,” he added. https://www.cnbc.com/2019/12/31/trump-trade-advisor-navarro-says-phase-one-trade-deal-is-in-the-bank-waiting-on-translation.html
True but there is probably a glaring difference between 18 months and not even 1 interview and the person getting a job in 9 months with no prior experience. He should know what it is... Does he have 0 projects compared to papadoops 3? Is papadoops in a more rural area and the bootcamp guy is in a massive metro? Are both jobs software dev? How many total jobs has he applied for? Sure, don't beat yourself up unnecessarily, but maybe comparing himself to papadoops will help him understand what he needs to do to get a job.
I agree, but what is the point in turning pro gun liberals away from this cause?
They are generalizations. Which means there will be exceptions.
The bleeting goats really seal the deal
But you're wrong because it's *obviously* a good thing to target the guy who instigated more terror attacks than probably any other living human at this point. Killing him saves lives. If Iran retaliates and there is further intervention then you have Iranian leaders to thank for that. There is no way to spin it that isn't being a terrorist apologist. The United States obliterating him is not causing the death of innocent lives.
How would the hypothetical death of innocent people be the US's fault? They killed someone responsible for a lot of deaths and who was actively planning more. That's a good thing if you don't want war. Do you think Iran would be justified in retaliating?
This is a more effective deterrent to war then sitting on your hands. If you don't like war be happy they've been bitch slapped for their constant assualts.
&gt;He engineered brutal terror attacks with sophisticated IEDs, that killed thousands of US service-members. He was one of the most evil terrorists on earth. Like, different strokes for different folks bro
This was all common knowledge before the recent events. The only news was that he organized the attack on the US embassy
Shite more like *shiiiiiit*
It doesn't because they are too regulated
Nahh... 20 years? It should at least be hundreds of not thousands and rise from some tiny, unforseen, random seed. Not literally the same exact source of imbalance returning 20 years after he was thought to be eliminated.
Why does a mirror edge decrease value there?
Is Costco meat really cheaper though? I find the meat prices are the same as the grocery but the quantities are obviously much larger. The quality is higher than some other grocery stores, but you're also paying a membership.
Source?
Lol what?
Because they fantasize about the demise of the USA simply because it conforms their biases.
Please reread that and do the math again lmao
Russia proxy war with Ukraine...?
Yeah I'm mostly joking. More plausible that Iran is retarded and shot it down.
LALALALALA *I'm not listening* LALALALALA
A married couple should have a united retirement plan. I don't think that one is up to personal preference.
I guess Iran can't be trusted with a missile defense system.
Are we giving them a huge out by immediately assuming it was an accident?
Both.
How could anyone doubt that Salami was planning attacks against the US? He just fucking conducted one against the US embassy in Iraq. It was supposed to be Benghazi 2.0, which BTW **he also planned**. I trust we don't need to weigh into the countless other things he's done/planned. This isn't about supposed WMD's.... the threat was well documented and in plain sight. It doesn't even matter if he was planning anything. But the claim that he was should not be shocking. Unbelievable the amount of mental gymnastics some people will do to try and argue he shouldn't have been killed.
I see the theme, but organizations are looking for people whose SKILLS fit. Everyone with a generic bachelor's degree can say they are proficient in reading, writing, communicating, diverse perspectives bla bla bla. Meanwhile they will hire CS students for technical roles, lawyers for legal roles, and accountants etc... The huge mass of people with generic skills will be fighting for the lower paying jobs, and World Languages doesn't even get you a leg up on that. Plus, it would suck working for the UN
Not a ton of demand for that. &gt;The average starting salary for someone in the field of Foreign Languages and Linguistics is $36,422 with a mid-career salary of $61,016. https://www.collegefactual.com/majors/foreign-languages-linguistics/ Now, if you have a skill that is in high demand AND you speak multiple languages you *might* find an especially big payday if you can find the unique employer who is looking for your special skill set.
People honestly think a small minority of the US likes him and he only got elected due to a very unfair system. They're retarded, but given that reasoning it follows that they would be surprised.
They agreed to (allegedly) halt nuclear weapon development until 5 years from now and you think it makes sense to let them trade freely with the world? The "it's their money" argument is very weak when made for a terrorist state. The Iranian government is entitled to nothing.
Sunk cost fallacy
Seems like she's content to let the media lie for her benefit.
Bernie reached his hand out and she declined to shake it. Shaking hands doesn't prevent anyone from saying something meaningful.
"Will you give away [insert service] for free?" "Yeah totally"
Does he think it exists but doesn't think it's anthropogenic? People often represent that view as climate change denial when it clearly is not.
Why even try going in? Do your thing right outside.
Deterrence established.
Although Iran's statement was proved false, while the US statement was true albeit lacking detail.
You mean by killing the terrorist that just organized an attack on the US embassy? And that organized Benghazi ... We can keep going. The world will welcome Iran with open arms whenever they want to stop terrorizing the world.
I see your whole schtick is to portray Trump/Conservatives as bad for 2A. The judges do help the 2nd amendment despite underwhelming support elsewhere. Now let me ask you this. Which Democratic candidate will do better?
We can complain about it being a binary option but those are the choices. You can complain that Trump isn't good enough on guns - I agree - but he's still the best choice for guns right now.
Ok, I recognize you don't prefer a Democrat. Do you prefer Trump on guns over Dems? Seems like you don't. He's significantly better because he's putting in jugdes who are willing to defend he constitution. His track record on guns himself is not good - namely bump stocks and red flag laws. Yet any Democratic is going to much worse personally, and nominate activist judges that would never cross bullshit laws that egregiously infringe on the 2nd amendment.
Is your couch outside?
And one " apple is undervalued because oil use will decline."
Oooo sorry but you're not 17. You made an irrecoverable mistake Gramps.
Better question: how could this not be the case everywhere?
In the same way Northam is
Maybe you could speak for antifa personally?
Yes it is
Well I demand to be paid more than I'm willing to accept.
Same. Banning them was pretty much the only way to make people like you and I even care about them.
You're right but we should demand more from him personally. He needs to unequivocally oppose red flag laws at the very least.
Except europe doesn't have any conservative parties.
How does it know there isn't coolant? Perhaps there could be a false reading?
LEDs also come in warm temperatures. Buy something soft white at 2700-300k
Less comparable soon with the UK leaving
I really fucking hate to say it but this is why people love Apple.
This is politics
Using the phrase "common sense" is just a way to try and shift the overton window. Who could disagree with common sense? No one. Great, now I just need to label my radical ideas - which blatantly infringe on the SECOND amendment, ratified right after free speech - as "common sense."
So what did you decide to major in?
Well would you advise people to go to college without an end goal? Taking out debt without understanding what their return on investment will be? Spending ones own money tends to make people more informed. The worst thing we could do is separate people further from the financial burden of their decisions. Your parents are generous but you aren't necessarily as well off as someone who doesn't have such luxuries and made a calculated decision with their own wallet. Of course, you are better off than those who went to college without a plan and took out loans. I was in a similar position as you. 8 years later I am getting my second degree in an unrelated field out of my own pocket. 1 year in I am already way more marketable and the degree costs a fraction of my first one. I'm all for education but spending $20k+ per year on a general degree is just a really bad value. It would be terrible to insulate people from this reality.
Isn't the answer obvious? Homemade V8.
So? It's definitely speculation. I don't think OP would even disagree with that. But what's your point? It's perfectly OK to speculate.
So you think 3000 beds are for the people in Wuhan reported to have the virus and 67,000 are for other issues?
Does this have any advantages over the other solution in this thread? It seems more complicated but I'm not really sure.
That's a good point. I will try and implement it the way you explained
Well thanks for adding your input. It's valuable. But please realize not everyone, nor even most anyone, can just do such investigation. Even just reading your instructions makes it obvious that you know quite a bit more about this than your average person.
You think this is the Donald? You know, with their burning hatred for cops? What an absolute fucking joke. They were shut down for promoting violence against police. Remember that.
If you can reasonably avoid the chaos, you should. Open carry protesting right now sounds like a terrible idea. Just because you can doesn't mean you should.
I respectfully disagree. Now is the time to stay inside. Just because you can open carry doesn't mean you should. Let's not interupt the left destroying themselves.
And what about unlawful gun owners?
Are you larping? No one should be larping
What the hell are you talking about? It seems you never understood what people wanted to boot over
I think even more than that they want to cause damage.
My point is a looter might very well bring a gun.
I wouldn't be caught in any of this shit.
People rioting isn't tyranny. Are you insane?
I don't even think it's for their own benefit. They are just destructive, intolerant, and radical.
Here here. People that do wrong should be stopped and punished.
I guess raccoons get really obese in captivity. They balloon without tons of exercise IIRC.
But their job is not to be your body guard.
The KKK was founded by Democrats too.
This is like the least fucking controversial thing you can say.
The police didn't fail to protect. They cannot and should not be held accountable for every damage and injury that they didn't prevent. It's neither realistic or reasonable.
What about enabling the police to stop people from burning down a city and looting?
None of those are sources for what you claimed. Meanwhile antifa is just rioting again and thanking you for the cover
You don't need to adopt identify politics. Just fight for real individuality.
I hear you but we also don't want to swing too far in the other direction. If we work to improve murder rates then those numbers will decrease. We don't have to point fingers at a group of people.
I thought part of the phase 1 deal was a commitment to buy a bunch of stuff including a certain amount of soy. Does this somehow renege on that?
This would be so great for North America. I am really excited by this prospect.
Yeah they're response makes no sense. It's completely inconsistent and unprincipled. Impartial observers won't buy it.
It's not about 3000 being a magic number. It's about it being way higher than the dip.
The average age of the Corona virus deaths in the US is older than the average life expectancy.
This would be more about population growth than any of those things. And I would look outside cities with room to expand like Chicago. Although this case in favor of land also applies to housing in cities, which is probably of more immediate use to you in one way or another and a bank will be more willing to help finance it, so what's the advantage of land?
How about selling your business?
&gt; This is not an encouragement of random, malice-motivated violence ... What about other violence?
Thanks for clarifying - totally agree with you
That would make more sense.
What's unique about it? Is it just more flat land that lets you see further or what?
How could you you tell what it was?
Because they don't care about Floyd
So long as the Democratic party has a monopoly on the black vote it will continue to be in their interest to stoke division. I don't think most even realize what they're doing, but the feel-good, race-aware laws just enshrine divisions in society. Then they come back next year with new *solutions.*
Well they are currently rioting to get the decision they want in court. I guess you could argue that is more terroristic than authoritarian.
It is officially the Democrat's old hoax
People need guns to protect themselves from rioters. Police aren't breaking and entering and burning down buildings. If you really thought your cause needed defense with arms you would take up arms against the police. Boy, how you would just *love* for conservatives to *actually* show up with firearms after trying to blame the damage on right wingers.
Well... No. Not that either
That would escalate things more. The best solution is for the police to set curfews and intervene when people break it, even if they aren't doing anything. You can only stop it before it starts. If it starts, it's going to be bad one way or the other.
Stop trying to start race wars.
Arresting and charging the man with murder.
I said the same thing the other day. If you hung the man in the street the riots would only get bigger.
Although it could happen in China, the government would have much less problem brutally repressing assembly attempts. I mean people think it's bad in the US, but there is literally nothing protecting the people from the government in China. That helps riot control although it has very obvious downsides elsewhere.
It seems like your description is precisely opposite of meteorix's
Someone else that commented here.
How should I list my UK gpa (0-100 scale) on a US resume? If I just put 88 people won't know what the fuck that means. 88/100 still seems a bit curious. All online conversions show 70+ as a 4.0 equivalent, which I would love to put down because I feel like I am crushing it, but it's not exactly true.
Anyone know how they compare to the pre ban rates? When were they banned?
Expected? actual? it's impossible to say for sure if it's not listed. It's not just an arbitrary formality
&gt;he’ll be buying one ASAP lol no he's not let me be clear - he may want to, but doesn't he have to wait?
&gt;He also said that at times it’s necessary to “use force to ensure your individual liberties and to preserve the freedoms that you want,” And he thinks we should just let the government decide when that is? Is he fucking retarded?
No
Can you require people to stay in their homes?
Saw a video on Ann Coulters Twitter of something similar. Some guy approached a woman on the street and told her to get down on her knees and apologize. She did.
As an island nation with little arable land and natural resources, they have depended quite heavily on their foreign allies, the US being the primary one. These limitations have always and will always be true for Japan due to geography. Previously they got around their limitations through conquest. Of course culture is a factor as well, but where does that come from? In at least some part a function of geography. They are heavily reliant on energy and food imports. It also helps that they don't need a military in one of the most contentious regions on earth.
All of those countries are against China in some form or another. Including Russia. Let's leave the conspiracies out of this.
Look West my friend.
It would undoubtedly make everything WORSE. Do you think that would make any black person feel whole? It just reinforces the idea that they aren't an equal citizen. Apply the laws evenly. That's the only solution.
Proud of Drew Brees!
It's almost like the police had a big presence for some reason in the first place.
How much fun did you have with the pick? Chopping up the roots I take it?
White supremacists looting without masks I'm sure
Butter is the magic ingredient when it comes to beans
This is what happens when you want to shame people for being racist but have no examples.
Snip off the tip and consider it solved.
Who do you think you're arguing with? You counter with the claim that there needs to be accountability but everyone agrees the cop should be charged.
That's a really great move. Proud of Kanye for making a positive impact.
They are talking about *literally* disbanding the police, giving the money to the poor communities, and asking the white community to accept higher crime. What the *fuck*..
What bacteria/diseases do you risk without proper washing?
Shut it down for another 24 hours. The problem isn't fixed!
It's an explicit tactic that Antifa teaches people. Keep leadership private, happily let random people say they are Antifa, and insist there is no organization.
It's a square matrix basically. I am having trouble coming up with a solution to divide the flattened list into lists of 3. edit:I am having trouble looping through and keeping track of where I am and what needs to get pushed. It occurred to me that I could make a new list, loop 3 times, popping the first 3 items into the list and pushing it into the list. I am trying that now.
I can try that. Thanks for the suggestions.
It's not enough that you don't discriminate against anyone. You have to shame everyone else that doesn't discriminate but also doesn't shame.
Is it really? It didn't sound like it
Goes up even higher if you count full time employees.
Recent events really highlight how big of a joke Reddit's handling of the_donald was
I guess if he feels like he's racist down inside it was probably not the right move to be on the board. I'd prefer he stop being so poor to black people but it's a start
Everyone living in dense, expensive cities doesn't help either. Work from home might help spread the high salaries to rural areas.
Minnesota is by far my favorite state. Sad to have left. Feel bad for everyone there.
The Milwaukee Bernie organizer talked about how the Gulags were a great source of training and education.
Isn't it crazy how even big animals like horses are scared of snakes?
How's you get your cheese so brown? Low moisture whole milk mozzarella in a 550F oven separates a bit before it has a chance to brown for me
Did anyone win land? I mean what is the net change compared to the start of the skirmishes?
They can hire developers for a new position. Doesn't mean they've been trying to fill the same position the whole time.
I'm not sure a few examples of individuals can support the claim that Israel generally supporter it
Tibet has water? Thought it was very dry.
That sounds like a humanitarian crisis.
Now compare that to Biden arguing to ban Ar-14's. It's funny that he doesn't know what he's talking about. But then again, it's really not.
*Cognitive dissonance
Yeah I do not get that sentiment. By all means call out the issues. But this is the damn homestead sub. It's their cabin. Warn them. If their insistent wish their family safe homesteading. I also think most of the people throwing a hissy fit don't know what their talking about either.
The problem isn't whether or not it's safe. By all means inform the OP where the structure falls short. But there are people in this thread calling for the post to be reported. Why? It's not contagious. It's not mean or violent. People shouldn't be so happy to be personally insulted by OP not heeding their advice.
It also means higher crime. Which even the Minneapolis city council has acknowledged. They just think it's worth it.
Or they find a creative way to ignore the law. That's my bet. I don't think the Minneapolis City Council will let them be constrained by silly things like the "law."
We aren't actually constrained to that choice.
Better to leave the post up to serve as an example IMO
It seems you've misunderstood me then. I never said not to warn, where did you get that impression?
I'm not sure who came up with it but it's used pretty commonly. I still don't understand why you assume it's an indictment on someone. A sheepdog is a decent, honest person who has the teeth to combat those who try to take advantage of harmless or defenseless people. **Just because someone identifies as a sheepdog doesn't mean they are doing good.** I would say that after every sentence to make it as clear as possible if it weren't incredibly annoying to read. But the thing is, as it's defined, being a sheepdog is something I think most people can get behind. Being an honest, good person who is capable of defending themselves and others. And it's definitely how most people want the police to act - responsibly, for the good of people in their community, but with the means of stopping those that would dare use violence to violate the innocence of peaceful people. I think the best thing about this analogy for a police officer is that a sheepdog is *part of the community.* It's not some outside authority, but a member of the group. That seems particularly good.
OP isn't instructing people how to build houses
And here I am thinking "whiny bitch" is a bit generous
It took me so long to understand that AOC is the minority in question. I thought she was white.
I have to say you have a point on that basis, although I thought the post was funny
&gt;Serious skills in Javascript and Python will always be in demand. Let's hope so because that's 90% of what I've used. Thanks for the input.
Sounds like a good plan - thank you for chiming in.
It's not a racist dog-whistle. You are race baiting. Stop it.
That's a great idea. I think I will try this.
Your insight is not only helpful but reassuring. I worry about being qualified when I complete my degree, but I'm about halfway through and roughly identify with your expectations for a junior dev. Thanks for your input.
Looking at the greater Detroit/A2 area. It's a good location in terms of proximity to family and is also the metro size we are looking for.
I don't think we should be pandering to them by calling people there "residents" and recognizing it's an autonomous zone.
What about the Tibetans?
No, you very clearly said most Chinese
Sounds familiar
The Dem's are also coming off a losing year. They are scrambling to rebrand themselves. If Trump wins in 2020 it's pretty clear what angle the Republicans should be pushing in 2024. Furthermore, Republicans should never just punt on an election just because history suggests a Dem might win.
Yeah I've been going back and forth on which way to express it - rows/columns or total elements. Thanks for the breakdown.
This shows Michigan is on the higher end of Covid 19 nursing home deaths per 10,000 people. https://freopp.org/the-covid-19-nursing-home-crisis-by-the-numbers-3a47433c3f70 And beyond that, let's not play dumb. Covid 19 has been way more deadly to the elderly and it's easier to transmit in denser areas. *Of course* it's a bad idea to send Covid patients into nursing homes.
No one cares about your anecdotal evidence when the data shows Michigan's nursing home deaths per capita is on the high end.
Everything I see shows Michigan is not middle of the pack, but towards the high end of nursing home deaths per capita. https://freopp.org/the-covid-19-nursing-home-crisis-by-the-numbers-3a47433c3f70
I'm seconding that this is a fair price. I sold a v6, highest trim, '04 accord with 160k for $3000 a year ago.
Because it's used to shame people that aren't doing racist things as somehow siding with racism. If you think I can be anti racist without protesting or trying to defund the police, fine, but that's not how people are using it.
But it's not simply that there are lots of nursing home deaths, it's that michigan's nursing home deaths per capita are on the high end.
Wouldn't you prefer a vaguely related job to unemployment though?
Unemployment does not exist to replace you working. Taking the less relevant job does not prevent you from taking that more relevant job a month later.
Residents for tax purposes, which include green card holders and people who pass the [substantial presence test](https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/substantial-presence-test), can claim the standard deduction.
That doesn't make any sense because the alternative he is suggesting also includes having a gap in employment (collecting unemployment benefits while declining jobs). I agree having gaps in employment isn't great but the alternative I'm arguing against isn't solving that problem. At least this way you can chose whether or not you disclose it.
That's another false dilemma because taking the lesser job opens all doors in this scenario. If it's bad to have a gap in employment why are you arguing for staying on unemployment longer while you look for better jobs? You can take the job because you want income and don't want an employment gap. If a gap is better than a lesser job on your resume, you can ommit the lesser job. It's your choice - you can have it any way you want it. But if you don't take the lesser job you are going to have a gap and you're taking advantage of unemployment benefits.
Well it's not just a problem with specialization. If they don't want to flip burgers then I will not try to compel them to. It's the idea that they could turn down flipping burgers and also feel entitled to collect a benefit intended on helping people who really need it.
You said you applied to jobs to keep benefits, rather than - you know - to find a job. That's gaming the system. I'm not suggesting you should take the other jobs or that it's you're fault for being niche, just that unemployment benefits are not meant to support a picky job search. This is all outlined in the terms of the benefits so I'm not sure what you find controversial about this.
Which part do you disagree on?
I regularly edit for clarity. If you think I've changed something in a misleading way please raise your concern more specifically so I can speak to what you're saying. Seems like a valid concern but I don't understand what you're objecting to. I have not received a valid criticism against omitting it. Two people said employers will be concerned about the gap. But that is at worst the same as a real gap. They will also be concerned about the gap that comes from not taking the lesser job. And if you do take the job you don't actually have a gap. Ommitting it is simply an option based off other's assumptions that including it would be damaging. So it's no worse
Retarded
This will not be good for the EU
Wow. Didn't realize their were that many fools out there.
Biden was still defending China when Trump was well into the tariffs. Just like everything else, Biden's position on China sways with the wind.
If another outbreak happens like Corona, you can be sure there will be serious misinformation at the root of it. This time won't even be comparable.
You do realize you're making this smart-ass comment to someone who's asking to see the pudding, don't you?
The US world order enabled China's rise. They still depend more on the US than most other countries.
Not just very soft - the US actively strengthened China.
How am I twisting your words? Didn't you just repeat that you applied for jobs for the purpose of collecting unemployment rather than accepting said jobs? I'm sorry about the circumstances btw. Sounds like things are better, which is good to hear.
You keep saying billion but must mean million
If you're worried about looking like you job hop then just don't list it on your resume. That's not a valid reason to chose unemployment over a less than ideal job.
It is market timing in a sense, but it's tied to your risk tolerance and investment thesis rather than your day-to-day thoughts about the market. The bigger question is if you have the right allocation. This decision also betrays the over-simplified tenants of index investing - don't go searching for winners. You can't get around choosing one thing over another.
It's foolish to suggest drone striking Soleimani could have ever caused WWIII. Especially after it stopped so much violence. The WWIII stuff was a fearmongering talking point. It was only controversial to the Iranians. Some European leaders were fearful that Iran would respond but they know they can't challenge the strike's legitimacy.
It's not simply coddling, it's encouraging errant behavior.
Are there any repurcussions for this? I mean could I open a GoFundMe for something like this and then just pocket the money? I mean it goes against GoFundMe's policy, but other than getting kicked off the site what could happen? Edit: looks like it is fraud and is very illegal!
Are you fucking kidding me? Wait, I think I might be lost. Is this the gun control debate?
It is nearly impossible to get a permit to carry in NJ. I cannot believe it has gotten to that point. Some guy got charged for possessing the wrong aummunition (certain 9mm hollow points) but they were explicitly approved, I mean by name, by the local police department. Shit is so fucked. This stuff is clear as day.
They issue CCW permits for practically no one. They don't care if you proof a valid threat on your life - it's a non-factor. Nevermind that's a bullshit stipulation in the first place.
Why?
Do you think these are bad people? Racist people?
Do you have an emergency fund and if so how many months expenses (baby included) would it cover? If not you need to build one ASAP.
Yeah, I agree the worst case upper bound is N\^2
Not only that, but people are very critical of the US for spying on it's own citizens. Was anyone here cheering on the NSA?
Of course people are more concerned about a foreign adversary spying on them. Of course. That's not unreasonable, but it's even worse to pretend that American's haven't been very pointedly criticizing their own government for domestic spying. American citizens have been railing against the government for years about these issues - long before these more recent events with China started.
Subreddits == Facebook groups
Again, you're trivializing racism if you think any criticism of anything Chinese constitutes racism. r/Sino isn't necessarily just Chinese people, but it's certainly people who are interested in advancing the Chinese political agenda. It's possible to criticize a country without being racist. Do you think only racially Chinese people can have Chinese nationality or align with the country of China? If so I think we found the real racist.
I'd rather get shot
So their neighbors and nearly everyone else with power. Got it.
As far as I understand the larger goal is to connect with Pakistan and back India off a crucial supply route. It makes sense. Right now India can block China from reaching the middle east by both sea (south) and land (north, where these disputes are happening). Meanwhile India is trying to strengthen this northern outpost.
I'm sorry to hear about your experience. Sounds like working there is a bad decision.
No way to ensure it goes to AC. I am assuming you're talking about the murder rate correlation to heat. In that case I especially wouldn't assume a future murderer would have the good sense to actually spend it on an AC unit. But pragmatism aside it's an interesting thought.
And they would be forced to address their massive bureaucracy that often exists simply to manage itself.
What's better about liberal arts than STEM or Philosophy?
How'd you pay for your school? Congrats on not being homeless I guess.
Spoiler: even if you pay $0 for something that doesn't make it free.
Not only that, bit this isn't even like you're using a service without paying and the company is eating the cost as part of their marketing budget or something. It's the government, which gets their money from us. And are choosing to spend it on this thing rather than that thing. We are very much actively paying for every government program.
Marxists
While I think some people do intuitively understand math better than others, I think the "not a math person" has been taken way too far. I say this as someone who struggles with math and sometimes can't overcome the problems that I really don't think should be beyond me. Highest math grade in HS was a B. Highest in college was a C. I was otherwise a good student. Over 10 years later and I am in college again and I recently got a 97% in Discrete Math last semester. So, fuck yeah!
&gt;It has, however, given me the ability to conduct research, analyze large volumes of information, and condense it into a comprehensible narrative, which has served me well in my current profession So would a STEM major, with the added bonus of opening lots of high paying jobs out of college. I don't think the advantages of a liberal arts degree are unique to liberal arts, especially when you consider that students in the US are already required to take a broad range of classes their first 2 years even if they have a specialized major like engineering or computer science. I'm not trying to shit on you or your choices. I made the same choice, actually. But I think it's important we stop telling young kids that liberal arts degrees offer unique, valuable advantages.
What size of an area are you in? I see waaay more dev jobs than internships. Probably more junior level dev jobs even.
Just goes to show that these are people using tools, not relying on principles.
No offense taken. Do you think the roles would be reversed if these same "STEM guys" got a liberal arts education and you went to school for engineering? My point is not that people in STEM can communicate just as well or that communication is less important. There are lots of computer science graduates, not liberal arts majors, who are in roles like you describe. My point is just that soft skills like communication, teamwork, critical thinking, etc. are not in the unique province of the liberal arts. You might as well learn all of those + a more marketable skill, or even just a more marketable skill. The best case for liberal arts is you learn all the soft skills. The worst case for STEM is you only learn the technical, yet your chance of out earning the best case of liberal arts is high. In the best case, you have all the skills of liberal arts plus more.
I agree STEM and liberal arts aren't mutually exclusive. But Science, Math, or any topic in liberal arts are not exclusive to liberal arts. It seems like you're saying all Math majors have a liberal arts degree, which is not true. It also misses the point of the liberal arts. How could your degree be defined as liberal arts solely by its major concentration when the liberal arts are by defined by the breadth of it's scope? If being a Math major is sufficient to prove your degree is liberal arts because math is included in the liberal arts, then it doesn't matter what your other courses are. By this definition you could have a liberal arts degree and only take 1 subject, which is the clearest contradiction of the definition of liberal arts. A liberal arts degree is defined by a wide distribution of subjects, not whether your major is one of these subjects.
Well done! I'm surprised your semester costs were that low. Was that full time? Nonetheless, that was good way to do it.
But being normal would be an even crazier assumption.
I would say it's someone who observes the adaptation of the class struggle into the identity politic struggle. Thinking power = truth is a postmodern concept that has gotten folded in.
Didn't he have a brain injury after he was physically assaulted?
She was certainly wrong to cave to the pressure she felt inside her.
The reality is we all vehemently oppose this kind of behavior if the story is true. Likewise, if it's false, we decry racebaiting.
Fuck yeah bro
Does it really take a Trump supporter to realize how useless Trudeau is?
They also fucking *executed* some people over it too. Of course not those at the top though. Typical scapegoating... "The court in the capital of Hebei province handed death penalty to Zhang Yujun, a middleman, and Geng Jinping, former head of a local dairy firm, too." http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/china/2009-01/23/content_7422983.htm
They have long been Dems in some respects. They would never dare get rid of SS and as it turns out Obamacare.
It's an interstate matter. Minneapolis letting it's city go encouraged similar uprisings throughout the country.
Bde Maka Ska
He didn't say they were, and if he did I would agree that he is overfitting the parenting woe trend. But kids are suffering from poorer parenting. I don't think this is even controversial. There are lots of factors but only 13% of kids grew up in an unmarried families in 1968, whereas 32% did in 2017. https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2018/04/27/about-one-third-of-u-s-children-are-living-with-an-unmarried-parent/ And it's even worse in some demographics, and especially in large cities such as NYC.
If you heard an anecdote exemplifying the opposite trend would you be convinced?
A stable household with 2 incomes and more time available to spend with children is paramount. Living in a dense, expensive city adds another significant obstacle as well.
The report is the rate is much higher than usual.
The fireworks in this video are not legal in NJ.
The fireworks in this video are not legal in NJ. I wouldn't even call what NJ legalized fireworks.
Awful. Hopefully this surge in murders slows down. Fortunately I read the police still plan to be extra active during the summer months in areas with high violent crime.
&gt;​This is obviously a paid opportunity, and we are specifically looking for black, indigenous, and people of color (though it is open to all).! This is in violation of Title 7 of the Civil Rights Act. &gt;Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 is a federal law that protects employees against discrimination based on certain specified characteristics: race, color, national origin, sex, and religion. Under Title VII, an employer may not discriminate with regard to any term, condition, or privilege of employment. https://www.justia.com/employment/employment-discrimination/title-vii/
I think he wanted to know your skin color too though.
Show us how Europeans prefer Russia. Even in the case where that's true, it would only mean Europeans would be idiots.
I don't see anyone suggesting that. I'm not suggesting that. Are you saying the CCP stole land from it's owners?
Germany has weak leadership.
Federal jurisdiction has always existed. Republicans have never argued otherwise. To support a single federal law is not evidence of wanting big government. Having said that, most Republicans in congress are fine with big government, much to the displeasure of Republican voters. But what do you, care? You're just stopping by on your way to r/politics.
And you in particular could argue in favor of anything.
So brave
Do you think someone in the Marines is comparable to the average shooter with minimal practice?
The people coming into the Marines aren't average.
Sounds kinda authoritarian
I think someone whose advanced in Critical theory is precisely the least qualified to speak on race
This makes sense though, doesn't it? They are less necessary in less dense areas.
Critical theorists contributions to race relations are decidedly negative. They want to enshrine race into law and use it as a weapon. We would be succumbing to an eternal racial struggle. Some will argue that we can't avoid this racial struggle. Which is pretty fucked up if you think about it.
We also have laws against racism already.
I don't claim to be any sort of intellectual. Critical theorists are leading the anti-science, anti-enlightenment trend in universities. They're just neomarxists. Democratizing the tools of science instead is what can allow us to transcend racial biases. Critical theorists can argue what they are for, but it doesn't make it so.
That would be too self-defeating. They will start systematically exterminating people that disagree with them
This is worse than bad education. Marxism is alive and well at American Universities.
People like you are not who conservatives have ever been overly concerned with. If everyone was as responsible as you there wouldn't be many pregnancies before marriage. It's the people who are careless but instead describe it as "empowered" and then use abortion as a backup birth control.
People don't care. They already know this.
What do you have in mind? I mean, I think everyone here is probably for being much harder on those who are proven problems, like Chauvin. Harsher punishments for more minor offenses and termination at the sign of any more grave violation. But the outrage mob is not calling for that. That would not please them in the slightest. They want to handicap the police.
That was my impression, yet I couldn't find info on who they were online.
The cartoon is obviously painting an extreme picture - that's the joke. What college is not teaching, for example, that the US is systematically racist? Critical Theory has gained a major foothold across Western academia. The trend is to inundate young, impressionable people and send them out in to the world politically charged.
Ahhh, is this known as a hash map? I have seen that term used but didn't realize it would be relevant. This makes sense so far. I will try to implement it.
I don't think he's optimistic. He says IF you come up with a self-correcting method that is interested in truth then it will just lead to enlightenment. He doesn't express confidence that this is what would replace science.
Looks like they stopped consulting with her. https://triad-city-beat.com/gcs-cuts-ties-equity-trainer/ Her website says she offers 15 minutes of free consulting it would be funny to ask her outlandish advice.
Virtue signaling is a real term. It's when someone does something or says something for the purpose of demonstrating good character, or adherence to a moral ideology, rather than some more primary end.
Mama says that alligators are ornery... 'cause they got all them teeth but no toothbrush.
I do question the availability of jobs. I mean lots of industries have dozens if not hundreds of companies in a given city. Waste water solutions seems more like doing research at a University of something. Where there are 0-1 employers in most areas of the country and a handful in large metro's. You'll likely need to move to switch jobs.
There are lots of old cities that have suffered population decline. In places like that there are lots of houses and not a lot of buyers. Midwest has lots of examples, with Detroit being the most obvious. They were selling whole city blocks for 10k. Of course there are less extreme, and much more livable examples. Being older, many of the houses are small as well, which drives the price down. I know in my hometown the older developments - huge blocks of old, small houses - have many homes ranging from 20-100k. The city population is about 40k and nice overall, although those aren't the areas I'd chose to live in. Of course on the coasts we see much higher population density, and it's already very developed so prices are high. But looking out West is more interesting. There is far more space than the midwest but a lot of it is not developed, new, or an area that cannot easily be developed further due to geography. Population centers are also very far from eachother. Overall it's more expensive than I would have thought. I've lived all over the country, and while there are lots more factors for where you would want to actually live, I find the western mid-west to be the best value in terms of availability of homes vs. space. Minnesota, Iowa, etc.
That's not true though. Just comparing it to other trades, like HVAC, electrician, etc. have many more jobs available plus the opportunity to freelancing. How many waste water treatment companies operate in a metro area?
Do you think it's ever a valid description? It sounded like you thought it was always used to mislead, which is why I defined it.
That's great, and it's not a bad suggestion to OP. I did not mean to suggest it is not a good job.
Does this one-up you? I was at an internship for 2 weeks before I was shown a single job function. On the first day I came in, met people, got shown around, was given a laptop, and then *nothing*. I basically browsed the web for 2 weeks. I kept asking what I could do and got vague replies like "hang tight" and whatnot. I felt like I should just leave because I was collecting money in exchange for absolutely nothing. What kind of organization is OK with this?
I'm not saying this is virtue signaling, but merely that virtue signaling exists. I can't tell for sure but it seems you disagree with this. My understanding is that you think it is always used to mislead.
Really? Then why isn't the leftist mob shutting down STEM or whatever unrelated institution to denounce the white liberals that think they own black people's minds and interests? Seems like you say you don't support it but then turn around and enable it.
They use outrage as a shield for their racism.
Do you support the overall reason for having police?
Shaun King showing his true colors.
Nikki Haley for 2024. She even has a black name.
It's an easy angle to push - "look how awful the other team is." It allows you to do precisely nothing.
That is too generous. The red flag laws are nothing if not a direct subversion of the constitution. Some people buy into them because they are dumb, not malicious. That is the nicest thing you can say about them.
That language "hicks" and being "fucking stupid" seems rather judgmental and emotionally charged. Also, to be clear, I did not call you a hypocrite. I was referring to the media narrative and social media commentary. I have no idea if you are one of those voices. The point is if someone objects to assembling for protest based off the danger of the coronavirus, they are a hypocrite if they don't continue this narrative when a cause they agree with decides to assemble. The hypocrisy becomes even more obvious when the damages (both from scale of the protests and from bad actors - fringe or otherwise) far outweighs the previous assembly efforts that they denounced on the basis of lock down importance. At this point, determining that the second protest is more important or necessary does not relive one from hypocrisy, because the original argument categorically denounces assembly in general on the basis of the virus threat. If it becomes a matter of which cause is more important then the major contention (whether or not they should be allowed to assemble) melts away, because surely we can agree that the right to assemble is contingent on government permission or even if it's popular with society. What kind of "protests" would be left? Clearly that is a major violation of civil liberties. Furthermore, how could one support people going out to protest with BLM, but also be against a different group that protests against stay at home orders? If you support any protest, you are in agreement with the first group of protesters.
What is the 1,000 figure? It's all poIice deaths right? If so I disagree with how you've defined it. It's not an execution, and sometimes lethal force is necessary. Ideally the police should kill 0 people a year.
Does that mean you agree with me? Or are you not going to clarify if you agree with me and instead emphasis that you never said it?
What do you disagree with me on? What I was asking is if you disagree with me on this claim: That it's hypocritical for a voice to say: (1) People shouldn't assemble for protest because of the coronavirus. Then later: (2) Assembly is justified with sufficient cause. Are you saying you disagree with that? That it's not hypocritical to say (1) then (2)? Because if you disagree with that, it contradicts your claim that no one here is saying or implying that. If you are not disagreeing with that, I do not know what you disagree on, as the claim I defined above is what I was seeking your agreement on. Perhaps you could clarify if your disagreement is on something else.
What sort of operations does Toyota have in Michigan? I wasn't aware of their presence. Detroit area I assume? Looks like there is some R&amp;D in AA. Is it driverless stuff?
You can't even fully appreciate it looking out from shore. All of the great lakes appear this vast from shore (width and depth, not necessarily the rocks and water clarity). Hell, lots of lakes smaller than the great lakes even. I'm not trying to diminish it. I just mean that however vast it appears from this position, it's actually way more vast than that.
Holy shit - the East Arm of the Grand traverse bay is about 500 ft. according to the maps [here](https://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/mgg/greatlakes/lakemich_cdrom/html/images.htm). That starts just aroud the bend in the bay on the right [here](https://www.brysestate.com/assets/client/Image/About-Us/tcbays-980x382.jpg).
Honey, kids, pack your thing's. Were off to Pierre's le Mama.
My uncle actually threw a football over one of these from a kayak. Sailed clear over it and into the water like you wouldn't believe. I'll never forget when he did that, my Uncle Ric - oh, Gosh... I gotta run.
Same thought here.
Do we really have to read the the whole comment for him?
So you agree then that voicing (1) and (2) would make someone a hypocrite? I mean, why is it that you can't seem to tell me that you agree, even when you believe it would apply to 0 situations? It makes your position unclear. It would be great if it turns out that we actually just agree.
What about requiring you to get permission from the police as well? That's part of it. They call it a universal background check, but that's just the least threatening part.
So then it has nothing to do with aluminum at all? I mean, aren't you saying that aluminum isn't poisonous but non-stick coating is?
That's a fair point about the job, but that doesn't need to be everyone's answer. I mean isn't it better for our families to help shape the world in a positive way?
That pretty much covers it.
Matters for what? Just whether or not you will support it? Or something else?
Are you suggesting a liberal has never murdered someone? I mean we have deranged Bernie supporter that shot a fucking senator.
You mean you don't like to make jokes based around different comment styles in various languages? Happened yesterday. Wanted to kill myself.
NJ? Edit: forgot which sub I was in lol
So don't ignore it. Solve the problems. Don't institutionalize race in our organizations and laws. Look at where it has gotten us - we are more obsessed with race than ever. Imagine we had a dial that could lower unjust police violence against people. Should we lower the dial or argue about who it will impact more?
What I meant was they think it's rotten to the root. I edited it to clarify. And to reply to your comment, it's hard to imagine an environment less hostile towards racism than present day America. To suggest we are suffering from racist institutions is delusional, yet a lot of reasonable people are happy to concede to the angry mob.
I don't see any support for institutional racism here. I see disparities in outcome. I agree that there are large disparities in outcomes and that it's a problem. But could you elaborate on how you think they prove institutional racism? Let's start small. George Floyd's tragic death for instance. Many think it proves institutional or even personal racism on Chauvin's part. Do you think that's the case? My point is not even that is wasn't a result of racism, it's that if we tackle the problem of police brutality, it will disproportionately benefit certain victim groups if certain victim groups are disproportionately harmed. How is that not good enough for you?
&gt;It's too bad the cops are so untethered that someone felt pushed to the brink enough to lash out like Him lashing out is not the fault of the police. He was radicalized by BLM, not the cops. I'm not sure why you are only focused on Antifa. Why don't you tell me what you are getting at. If no one in Antifa has killed anyone, what does that mean?
I agree 100% on the need for higher standards for police. The bar needs to be raised in many ways like you mention. I disagree with some conclusions but I think what we agree on is really the more important part anyways.
SD doesn't fuck around
Of course unions are liberal
Equality in what sense? Equal outcomes? Because if it's equal outcomes then it's a bad goal.
The main point is you can improve literacy rates without communism. Doesn't mean literacy rates didn't improve under communism - just that it's not necessary for improving literacy rates. Thank God.
You can never think of doing it. It encourages them to take political hostages in the future. These people need to be surrendered because they've been unjustly detained.
A fair amount of that business will be brought back to the US. In that case it will benefit the working class, and eat into the profits of the owners. I'm all for profit, but that's still a good trade.
Hold up, aren't you forgetting NKs 1000% GDP growth for the 2000th straight year?
I wonder if the claims about the welding and independent concrete structures not anchored in bedrock are consistent with the images where it looks like the structure has moved. I can imagine how it is, but it would be interesting to hear a civil engineer's take. Edit: found a post about a year ago indicating it's a satellite imaging problem. https://www.reddit.com/r/AskEngineers/comments/cc096f/how_realistic_is_the_recent_warping_of_chinas/ And a little more commentary from yesterday https://www.reddit.com/r/AskEngineers/comments/hekm1r/will_the_three_gorges_dam_break/
First of all, 100 times is pure hyperbole. Anywhere other than China is going to be more expensive. There are advantages to domestic operations such as proximity to market and reliability of supply chain. Leaving China means the advantages to importing are diminished. There are other countries that can manufacturer cheaper, but the quality and scale are not the same. The alternives cannot absorb all of that business. This is why I said some of it will come back. Textiles? No. Electronics or medicinal manufacturing? Probably a good chunk.
Then you must think BLMs goals are akin to the far right
But not all non citizens are illegal aliens. Are you saying legal residents, legal aliens, and illegal aliens can all join the military?
Or even a student that is here legally from a foreign country.
What would happen?
It's not the bottom. Normalizing pedophilia is much baser
I never said kids shouldn't have a concept of heterosexuality. Homosexuality is a deviation from the norm. Kids don't need to be taught taught heterosexuality - they are born from that reality. It is a world they are intimately connected to by virtue of existing.
Gay people don't have children together. Nowhere did I indicate they don't parent children. Two women nor two men can create a child. Those children exist because a man had sex with a woman, which is the same thing I said above.
But if they did - would BLM ally with China? I think there would be mixed feelings in BLM
Well, obviously it's unreliable because it's conservative
Is this really unique? It's literally just 'reputation' with a different name. The dynamics are different, but of course they are because the culture is very different from the West.
*snifffff*
Not really, no
Right. Just those with self-respect.
But did you become sad later? This seems like something other than not having a consience.
I think that's the opposite
Do you ever look back over something you do and cringe? How do you break out of ruminating on it? Sometimes I think of really ridiculously bad or embarrassing things like impossibly large projectile vomiting or my arm exploding all over the person that must have thought I was such an idiot. Makes me laugh because it's so stupid. Do you ever do that?
She said white lives don't matter. That is in direct contradiction to saying all lives matter.
Has sowell addressed China's planned economy?
That doesn't prevent them from trying to point the finger at the US. Besides, it is a hypothetical to gauge how willingly BLM would accept Chinese support. I mean China probably loves hearing things like the NY organizer said about burning everything down if they don't get what they want.
See his speeches about turning back to communism. Regardless, you don't need his confirmation when you can plainly see that companies on China can make a profit and people can own property and accumulate wealth. I mean, 10% of food was sold in markets in China in the 70s. The rest was distributed by the government. By the 90s it reached 80% sold on the market.
I don't think the Democrats wanted the rhetoric to get this extreme. I think they wanted to frame the problem as racial then promise a solution like always (of course, if you fan a flame but then don't put it out, the fire just gets bigger). But they are harboring a movement that has a big radical core, and the rhetoric is getting out of hand for them. By all means, they have stoked this fire. But if the radicals get what they want the Democrats won't be in power, and they won't be profiting. They are torn between reeling this back but also not want the mob to turn on them.
Get out and vote. Do not be complacent.
What's the turn-around-story? I have my doubts that law and order crackdowns will gather wide support and not be seen as fanning the flames. I mean, consider how the left can't say anything negative about BLM - will those people not be even more irrate if statues are guarded and agitators promptly arrested? It's still the right response, but my point is it won't change much. Culturally, something has to change. What would that look like?
States that locked down did so in response to more cases.
Not true, because not all surveillance (nor even most) is in the form of visual identification.
Did what?
Mods, not sure if I need to blur out the names or something. This was stitched together from another subreddit, but I condensed the spacing and edited out the subreddit name.
Then I guess the 4 the PRC has is extra impressive then
That's a complicated question. As it stands, the United States enforces the freedom of navigation, which means other countries are free to move through international waters that are 12 miles beyond a countries coast. Without FON, countries could try and enforce other standards. There is no true international order, so might is effectively right. More to my point, India is in a position where they could interfere with ships traveling between the China and Middle East if they wanted to.
What what ab - RACIST
Seems like a late measure to convince us they are doing something. Convinced?
It goes to everyone on record. Which includes multiple ballots to the same residence due to deaths and moving. They are invitations to commit fraud - they cannot be detected and this scenario is unavoidable. Whereas voting at centers it's more secure because you give them your name and then check the list. You would have to know of an ineligible voter who is on the list, whereas with mail in you don't - you might just be sent multiple ballots. It's like you showed up to vote and then they asked, "Are you Delores Willis?" And you just say "sure." Then you come back in a few hours and they ask "are you John Thompson?" And you say, "the one and only!" There is also a distance introduced that brings up issues such as tampering, which there are already cases of. Plus you have no way to know who they have been distributed to. They are generic ballots. Not serialized or anything. You could just send extras wherever. When the voting takes place at centers, any ballots that are being distributed outside that system is obviously fraudulent.
When he says "missing" he means that mysteriously showed up in a tight race at the 11th hour. People not sending in their ballots is not "missing" in this context.
I don't know where he is getting that number from. That is my understanding of the term "missing" ballots, although I might be wrong now that I think about it.
The boogaloo refers to a civil war. The left seems to be the ones driving for civil war at the moment. You're using terminology you don't understand.
You're a terrorist. And just like that, you are called a terrorist.
It's foolish to go into game development. It's clearly worse working conditions/money compared to non game dev. I can't even blame the companies for this culture when people are tripping over themselves to work in these conditions.
I was so lost. I started with an idea and then had to figure out the individual pieces, which was difficult. I had no concept of the different peices and how they related and what level they existed on. I would recommend finding a tutorial for a full stack application instead.
They're also excluded from certain regulations on the basis that they don't moderate speech on their platforms. No point in excluding them at this point.
I should hope not.
This directly reduces the learning outcomes for the class.
You're in the wrong line of work.
Sometimes I give people the benefit of the doubt. So when they say BLM isn't Marxist, I think they have the same information I have, or maybe even more. Or perhaps I've just pieced things together poorly. I would love to be wrong. But for most people, I think they honestly can't see the connection. They think, "civil rights isn't about communism. This is an outlandish connection so this person must be harboring racist ideas " Whereas I think the reality is BLM is majority decent, confused people, but with Marxist inertia. There may be very few conscious Marxists in the group, but that is where they are headed. Of course the source is largely young kids hopped up on Marxism from college, but even many of those don't know it by this name.
That's not fair of those people. I feel your frustration. It's very difficult to have an honest conversation with people from the other side these days. Good on you for doing your best.
I don't specifically know, but generally it's anywhere a certain distance from trails and water.
He asks a good question. The problem is, it's not actually rhetorical. Maybe if the government wasn't so hell-bent on infringing on our rights (2a, encryption, freedom of speech) then people would be happy to do the patriotic thing and take 1 for the team.
You make people misinformed.
Wow, so she's literally retarded
People already have used them
Perhaps the Americans will have a conversation about the downsides of diversity.
&gt;China currently holds all the **cards** in this **chess** game. Can't tell if this is intentional or not. If so, explain?
What fields are they in?
Interesting, thanks
The administration level seems to be the breeding ground for the PC/activism culture in general. It's the major source in Universities as well. Obviously there are fields of studies that are pushing it as well, but administration helped create that. Administration in schools since the 90s has ballooned out of control, yet it hasn't improved education. Sure has increased the cost though. The Ed Schools were identified as a significant source of this. They train a large portion of teachers and University administrators, although many academics don't hold their methods in high regard. [Here is an article](https://quillette.com/2019/03/06/how-ed-schools-became-a-menace-to-higher-education/) by Lyell Asher criticizing the impact Ed schools have had. The funny thing is, these existential threats by white supremacists tend to take place at the most liberal schools. It really says more about it's constituent than the perceived threat.
Yeah I figured, and it seems outside OP's preferences, but it does give credence to your observation.
You are so outraged lol
Even Bloomberg knew better than this too
It may not unlivable to a New Yorker, but other people have higher standards.
I fucking wish
He was the rightly considered as sure-thing as LeBron.
Absolutely. Different type of player of course, but hyped like Zion. LeBron came a few years before Oden, and Oden was hyped about the same. Greg Oden looked like he was 45 years old in HS. Despite not panning out, he was a truly freak occurence. Nature develops some freak outliers. Einstein theorized things like 70 years ago that science is just collectively catching up to today. It might take 70 years until there is another HS basketball player like Oden.
Did they actual revise those estimates, or did someone else just say it would last 100 years after someone else said 10,000? I wonder if people are reading too much into that because those satellite photos were just shitty quality (Google Earth) and didn't reflect actual movement in the dam.
Not the workers and every tax payer responsible for supporting the social safety net, because skilled manufacturing will return to some extent. You are very dense if you are one of those people that think manufacturing is incompatible with a modern economy. The US is already the world's 2nd largest manufacturer. Lots of people are making 2x-3x times minimum wage with only a HS degree at skilled manufacturers right now. This doesn't even address the national security reasons. The bigger downside will be to company's profit margins, which those on the left should love.
Precisely none of that is how it's run. What do you think of the bail reform law? Do you think it's a misguided attempt to improve people's lives? Do you think its good?
The double standard is plainly obvious. A conspiracy isn't necessary to explain it.
So are you agreeing that abolishing the police is a terrible idea?
Do white people have higher Covid rates though? Are you suggesting there *isnt* an environmental reason that black people have higher rates?
If that were true you could just take down the comments. Taking down the post is something else.
Don't even the lowest income pay 3% to the city? Do I have that wrong? Seems crazy.
Amazing
That's what happens when you think skin color determines the veracity of your opinion
Then why are they mods of nyc?
He'll be coddled, bit even still I have a hard time seeing him capable of even reading off a teleprompter and showing up to things conscious.
Stop and frisk did work. Deblasio will prove that once again.
Which racist post?
There was literally trash everywhere in that video.
Mothers and parents. Father's aren't necessarily part of it.
Sounds like this is a personal issue for you.
You're not arguing with me because you don't have an explanation for your inconsistency
That is clearly making a comment on the validity of it, which you just said you weren't doing.
Im not sure what you are indicating with these links. I guess it explains why you don't see the problem. You're in the middle of it.
Is there anything wrong with being anti white? I mean, what's not OK about it, right?
I don't. I've been out of school a long time. Maybe older than most here.
You're very evasive. It's not clear if you disagree with it. I think it's obviously a bad notion. Do you agree?
People can't afford to own a car because of insurance and parking costs as well as other measures the city is actively taking to reduce car ownership. Did you think the price was similar to other cities? You can cite public transport as a benefit but it's limited to the city and is a total mess in the context of Covid. I can't imagine being limited to NYC. I would much rather own a car. By all means to can prefer NYC but people have different values. I was appalled when Ive been there. Seems like a real shithole.
It making sense doesn't make it any more desirable.
Unfortunately you're wrong
Him: &gt;The growing consensus on social media circles is that reform is ineffective and abolishing the police is the only viable solution You: &gt;You’re just pulling this scenario out of your ass. Me: &gt;So are you agreeing that abolishing the police is a terrible idea? You: &gt;Nope Guess he's not pulling this scenario out of his ass then
It comes from her extra chromosome
No
What sort of parts? Any idea? Lower receivers perhaps? I think it must be. Are their any other parts regulated by the ATF? Auto sears I guess. Said there were 10k and worth $129,000. That would be 12.96 per part. Seems low even as the wholesale price for a lower from China, although I suppose it's possible.
The bail reform is just one sentence in the long message of "We will cave to pressure and are lowering the consequences."
For his neighborhood? I don't think anyone could possibly argue that a general decrease is crime necessarily means there could be no local increases.
gendercritical was a feminist sub (HIGHLY feminist) that did not by the trans bullshit.
the\_donald? That place was updated like 5 times since the admins infringed on it last. Just a ceremonial banning at this point.
My thought exactly! Elected officials should have no authority over this unelected one.
Now do murder
Condoms are still cheap and easily accessible. Birth control is very accessible. Availability of birth control is a non-factor in high teen pregnancy rates.
It also doesn't matter because you aren't obligated to have sex.
No it's not
The constitution protects the rights of the child, which you pretend doesn't exist. You are the threat to the constitution.
&gt;I'm not going to argue about late term abortion where a fetus can survive on its own. Lol why not? Because you are for late term abortion?
It allows precisely what you argued didn't exist: abortions at 9 months. It seems like you are in favor of being able to abort a child at 9 months. Is that false?
And it didn't used to be this way. They poorer class had very low birthrates outside of marriage back on the '50s and before. Across all demographics.
Less than .50 each even
If planned parenthood disappeared tomorrow there would still be cheap widely available birth control. And even better, less abortions.
Abortions are not a solution
Are you granting that the crux of the issue is whether or not a fetus is protected by the constitution?
It sensationalizes itself
/s ?
Shootings have increased more than twice as much compared to the same period last year. Summer is already factored in.
It would be even worse with Deblasio style policies
When you say they originally come from law abiding gun owners, are you saying individuals bought the guns from a store and then sold it to these people in a private sales? In that case, I'm confused about why you think individuals are selling guns to strangers in private sales. Do you think this is something that normally happens? Or are you saying they bought them from gun shops, the owners of which are legally in possession of the guns? Either they run their background checks and they pass, or they don't sell them the firearm.
Those background checks still are not required by the government. The companies chose to do them
Why shouldn't it be?
Because it's true. Nashville would be even worse if Deblasio's approach to crime was implemented.
Pregnancy outside marriage used to be incredibly low. Across all demographics. This is a new problem and not expecting people to be responsible for their actions is a core part of it. Contraception is widely available and cheap. It's availability is a non-factor in the high number of unwanted pregnancies.
Sure they are. Babies are persons in the womb too. I'm not even religious.
Detroit has had a long history of this stuff but am I right that it doesn't seem particularly crazy there at the moment? Perhaps they were very ahead of the curve? Got the dumb ideas of a post-police world out of their head a long time ago, so to speak. IDK, just speculation because I haven't heard too much chaos from Detroit despite the fact that it still has very big problems with crime and violence in a fairly segregated black community.
Or even at all, in some cases
One of the problems is that a gun is always in play. A cop knows that if he loses control in a physical struggle, the aggressor will have access to the firearm on his belt and he will have no defense. Therefore every physical struggle is basically life or death for the cop. The cops need to be protected or they will be wildly endangered and ineffective. Too many people are happy with that outcome.
&gt;Sherikia Hawkins, 38, city clerk for the city of Southfield, was arrested Monday after the Oakland County Clerk’s office noticed discrepancies in voter counts while certifying absentee ballots from Southfield. State police investigated and found that records had been altered so that nearly 200 voter files were improperly listed as invalid. People should be handling these ballots as little as possible.
It would be worse in Nashville with Deblasio style reforms. It's pretty clear what that means.
Because you compared NYC to Nashville and said Nashville was worse per capita. There are multiple factors in violent crime.
&gt;The current (and previous) Chinese government has overseen the biggest economic upturn in history and has pushed more people out of poverty than ever. They have let go of some of there collectivist ideas and allowed individualism to blossom. That is because the CCP loosened it's control of the market. It's very misleading to suggest it was the CCP who lifted these people out of poverty and not the power of the free market. The primary influence was the West, especially the US for securing the seas for global shipping and amount of goods it consumes. Watch the CCP squander this when they recede back into communism.
&gt;The move will likely place Hong Kong's role as a leading global financial hub in jeopardy.
That's not true. I just skimmed it and it said they will be subjected to the same trade regulations as China (which are known) and there will be no more defense exports.
It's not that closed though because, in both usages of the word "hang", you could also not hang. Unlike your examples which are tautologies.
Lol right. Our competent reddit overlords...
What is your argument here? That forced abortions and sterilization is OK if there is precedent for it?
&gt;“Somebody forced the gate, and I stood up and announced that this is private property. Go back. I can’t remember in detail anymore. I went inside, I got a rifle. And when they … because as soon as I said this is private property, those words enraged the crowd,” he said. &gt;McClosky said one of the militants pulled out a loaded pistol magazine and clicked them together and said ‘you’re next.’ &gt;“We were threatened with our lives, threatened with a house being burned down, my office building being burned down, even our dog’s life being threatened. It was, it was about as bad as it can get,” McCloskey said.
They take a very tenuous basis for banning and then try to pack as much into it as possible.
And this isn't even unreasonable. It makes perfect sense. The main thing to understand as the employee is that it is irrational to assume you are in group A. Accepting a counter offer a bit of a minefield. I think the right way, if you want to stay, is to get the raise before you turn down the other offer and keep some other irons in the fire. If they can't scramble to increase your pay they probably don't care that much anyway.
It does taint their perspective though. I mean, how many people who don't get fired reach out to her and say 'Hey it's been 7 months and I haven't been fired.' Nevermind the monetary inventive.
Same - it was a good aggregator of the college craziness.
Then I guess JordanPeterson sub should be banned for the same reason BA was banned?
