I am now...
You should have called me I would have baked a cake or something
masterbating
youre like the hottest sexiest redditor ever
i need some ointment applied in a hard to reach spot... house calls?
i was in the gym at 530... that will last until about mid-February
i lurve you
I'd drop whatever it was i was about to deliver.. on accident... maybe
42 is the new 'holy fuck she's hot'
hawt
what do you look like when someone shows up early????
can i download that guide on Amazon?
well howwwwwwwwwwwwwwwdeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
ready for another break?
Please don't call me daddy, that freaks me out. You can, however, call me Godzilla.
i have little hope left for humanity
whoa nelly
smack smack smack
i love that movie, it's the one about the dolphin right?
i have no witty retort to this... so I'll just agree
:)
we're all gonna miss that mirror
checkers? monopoly? hide the salami?
you say the nicest things
me too!! we have so much in common.. let's makeout
blam!
a post a day keeps the doctor away... or something
if it wasnt my country i would laugh my ass off... our president elect folks.. what a guy
yup
want some soup?
you give good gif
my cup runneth over with love
username checks out
that is quite the lovely bum
those hips dont look like they lie
you look great in blue.. i mean on blue
I sincerely welcome you back
she must work out
p90x?Brazilian butt? what is your secret!
can i have my underwear back now?
prove it... ;)
am i too late?
a ray of sunshine in winter
i like the purple ensemble.. or do you call that lilac?
you say the sweetest things...
YOU made it a great day
i hate trick questions
title checks out
have you been reprimanded for excessive break taking?
giddy up
they dont look a day over 20
or georgette
band name alert
I totally fit that profile.. except I am 45 and i dont have a lot of money #Iamadreamer
I'm gonna tweet that out later
very
#wisdom
seems reasonable
need to put it somewhere where it's Trump proof
boy if i had a dime for every time i have heard that...
I'm concerned the Trump Bump is a bubble that is going to burst in a big and spectacular way.. if the US economy tanks, then so does the world economy right? so are local and federal debt a good way to go? what would be a safe haven.. besides doomsday preppig by burying gold ingots in my backyard? ;)
is this why they call it Down Under? cause everyone is upside down?
analog
mad skillz... as the kids say
you put the 'uhhhhhh' in fun
you look nutritious and delicious
boy if i had a dime for every time i have been asked that question...
title checks out
the N word might have got Bill Maher fired... let's be careful out there
it's always about science is it not?
so, did you try that out in public? (asking the important questions since reddit got distracted with the butthole tangent)
I would like to extend to her an invitation to the pants party.
high praise
A/S/L? just kidding ;)
i wonder if some scientist has figured how to extrapolate what a ypothetical thread count for an ass would be based on its softness.... hmmmmm
tig ol bitties
extra star for creativity
audition for the Baywatch sequel
clearly
There're so... shiny... and... shiny
crazy from the heat...
title checks out.. nicely
where have you been all my reddit life?
hot and bothered but not ready to burst into flame..
and deliver me from blue balls
with a nice Chianti and some fava beans?
A/S/L? kidding
&lt;waits patiently for story time to begin&gt;
you could put that on a resume... creative wording like 'event coordinator'
a good entry level gig is recruiting, especially IT. The first 9-12 months are a total fucking grind, but then you're networking will start to pay off. Learning the corporate bit, the sales skills, and IT and how IT needs to respond to the demands of the business can then take you anywhere. And that, my dear friend, is a growth industry that almost rivals sex work
oh, and you can get a recruiting gig with little or no experience... big recruiting companies tend to eat their young so they will give anyone with a college degree and some level of solid communications skills a shot out of necessity.
am i too late?
someone is going to hit their head on that low ceiling or cabinetry
a truer username has yet to be established
you put the Yeeeeeeoooooooowwwwwww in yellow
youre totally forgiven
things that are over 30: 31, GE, Canada, The Eiffel Tower, me
you look fully recovered to me...
are you a morning, afternoon or evening workout person?
whoever suggested that is a genius
I heart your posts
solid reason why finding a new job in the new year is the right choice...
note to self: adjust my workout schedule ;)
a picture is worth a thousand words
looks whose cummin to dinner!
her dress would look good on... everyone's floor :)
to post more?
to win the lottery...
how'd that session finish up for you?
you're fun
fuck me that's hot
you are the gift that keeps on giving
the property values in your neighborhood must be skyrocketing
you say the sweetest things...
can I have my short back? oh never mind, looks better on you
looks like a scene from Starnger Things
how about stripping out of a wet tee shirt in the shower... and throw in a toy ;)
so totally want to brummmmmmmskkkkkiiiiiiiiii
crap, try these: https://youtu.be/e-LprM2ICfI https://youtu.be/YZdStfpcDK0 https://youtu.be/d3W3U3jXls4 https://youtu.be/yG0j5RXgbaw
does a bear shit in the woods?
put those worries to bed..
indeed
textbook.. and wikipedia
there is some adage about you have to take care of yourself if you want to be able to take care of others... so well done
a collaboration with Ivanka? Or are we calling her 'Brick' now?
I feel like I am reading some bizzaro version of the Fancy Nancy books to my 5 year old
It's made of real bits of panther, so you know it's good
exactly
are you forgetting something?
long time listener
oh Dolly...
you are correct
and how does one get to be the meaty filling in this particular sammich?
you backlit = me happy
i love that little heart tattoo
anywhere and everywhere at any time
if a cucumber goes in your ass, but a picture is not posted to reddit, did the cucumber really go into your ass?
please disregard my first comment...
goooooooorrrrrrrrrgeousssssssss
here kitty kitty kitty
whoa nelly
the answer is yes
lemme take a wild guess..you are a UI designer?
did you drop your pen? Lemme get that for you
thats rhetorical right?
yesterday was leg day... walking downstairs this morning was an adventure
i really wish you would... wink wink nudge nudge (i could do this ALL day)
now my favorite sweater
you are the gift that keeps on giving
Aye
one might ask oneself as one reads this the following questions about the assumptions and assertions she makes: how does the author know these things to be true? As evidenced by what? One of her clais is patently not true, that being that half the US self identifies as conservative. Since 1992 the % of the US population that self identifies as conservative has rarely eclipsed 40%, and when we have it hasn't stayed at that rate very long. http://news.gallup.com/poll/201152/conservative-liberal-gap-continues-narrow-tuesday.aspx http://news.gallup.com/poll/188129/conservatives-hang-ideology-lead-thread.aspx If I was the author, i would be mad at my editor for allowing me to publish such a flimsily argued editorial
pretty much everyday at my house
whoa nelly
whats the thread count on those sheets?
in general i feel great, probability however is low... :(
there's like another 2 dozen people at US gymnastics, US Olympics and MSU that should be going to jail too
youre probably right
love that mirror O&gt;O
I get off, I mean by, with a little help from MY friends..
youre not wearing a seat belt missy...
he must be fun at parties... in 1952
only 14 comments?? Reddit, you disappoint me
title checks out
and all of it is good
reporting for duty ma'am (salutes smartly)
has anyone said they DONT?
\(cracks knuckles, does some deep knee bends\) I'm ready
oh, hey, i didnt see you there.. hi!
totally smackable
yup... Chicago, western burbs
even the dog cant help but stare
[https://youtu.be/EzoazPPC7b8](https://youtu.be/EzoazPPC7b8)
are the way to a mans heart
I am happiest when you are naked too
care to elaborate?
very...
i lurve you
and the ward for best use of a book goes too.....
how do you take it? I mean the coffee
100/10
what are my thoughts the editor asks me...
for... care to elaborate?
well played
there's something in here about bananas, peaches, blueberries and a fruit salad with honey.. as soon as I figure it out I'll let you know
a strip a day keeps the neighbors... in play?
that's rhetorical right?
why is that I am at my friskiest while on the road and in hotels? something about it right? BTW, I travel like 3 weeks a month.. we should trade travel tips... just the tips
this..is...the greatest... gif... ever
nope... more please
a dear vagina letter...
can i have my robe back?
is there a shot clock?
all right, I'm your Huckleberry... what's them rules look like?
lane violations? technical fouls?
seriously sweet hipster beards... i wonder if they moisturized?
and where exactly would one encounter this creature when going about their day?
I was on a flight w/ Skip recently, Dallas to Chicago if memory serves... he didnt say much, but he LOOKS like a douche, ya know what I mean? Like the guy you see at a frat party and you just KNOW he's gonna lick some random girl's face, piss in the punch and puke in someones bed. Oh, yeah, and Pier's is an unrequited douche canoe
so i should blame these kids when my IoT enabled garage door starts opening and closing by itself?
gorgeous, classy, secy... as usual
that's always my first question, 'what do you think we should do about it? Do we have options? what are the pros/cons/risks?
good luck with impeachment until: Mueller comes out with the damning evidence and democrats control both houses. That being said, what are some adjectives that come to mind to describe this Administration, and Trump in particular: Cruel, racist, xenophobic, misogynistic, vindictive, anachronistic, intellectually dishonest, vulgar, crude, kleptocracy, unethical, immoral, ill prepared, shameless, stupid, disdain for facts
fuck 'em, not literally of course, I mean metaphorically
fantastico
I am a fan of you, if that's what you are asking
are there still appointments available?
insert witty remark about needing something to be checked out by you.... oh and fuck yeah girl, you are HOT
yes... yes you are
I see what you did there...
let'd go break a bed or a chair or something
i do have some swelling I am concerned about
\#convenience
I heart shaped box... anyone? Bueller?
mix it up with some pineapple and grenadine... mmmm delicious
yet another reason to love summer
mirror mirror on the wall
Id' go with that
so what happened in chapter 2?
i might not make it TOO work
what they all said already... that's my answer
I believe Shakespeare's position on this was 'strip'
nice boots
delicious
oh lawd your poor inbox
lawd have mercy
post a nude pic here, in your post say something like 'i want a one night stand'.... then stand back and watch the onslaught. actually, you dont even need to post a nude, just offer it up as a potential outcome and there ya go. We're simple creatures ma'am.. simple creatures
they have a high quality sex life
so, when do you think you'll retire and get a real job?
this was exposed before the election in several mainstream news outlets, the Guardian for sure had a piece on it... anyone who was paying attention back then either didn't care or didn't vote for him.
you are a gift that keeps on giving
(raises hand)
id like to bask in your sunlight... wink wink, nudge nudge
you are indeed Legendary
whoever told you that is a genius
the important question is what, as average citizens, do we do about this?
it's all workin...
wait.. what?
her question is rhetorical right?
I heart you
that dry wall needs some patching
wazzle.. that's totally my word of the week
ooo christmas tree ohh cristmas tree...
you give good video
Check out what Idris Elba had to say recently in regards to metoo... good for you, no one has To accept that kind of crap as OK or normal
That chart will mirror the number of BJs you get from this day forward, except the decline will be more hockey stick in its shape
Poor fella, we should start a go fund me page for him
Looks like he will be batting white walkers in no time
Good luck with that demand...
Too bad he can’t turn states evidence like Flynn... fuck all these guys
Didn’t they already do that anyway?
It’s toxic period
Why did you stop?
That’s rhetorical right?
Coming up after the break, water is wet... stay tuned
yep, that makes sense, it was kinda fun until it wasnt
no doubt about that
Ty!
this guy must be a hoot at parties
this...is...the...greatest...post...of all time
chess? checkers? strip monopoly?
vroom vroom
and bingo was her name-0
I see what you did there
this: [https://cdn.thingiverse.com/renders/d5/49/d7/04/e7/bdbc8d041744505993bc120ff633b6ed\_preview\_featured.jpg](https://cdn.thingiverse.com/renders/d5/49/d7/04/e7/bdbc8d041744505993bc120ff633b6ed_preview_featured.jpg)
lemme guess... Republican
I'd like to get it...
handle with care..
I KNOW i would
just handle
my guess is English is a struggle as well.. the struhgull is reel
candyman, candyman, get your dick out my butt
Rain rain don’t go away
Yes you are
White meat?
Happy to pop by with some whatever you need
that cat walks around in its litter box... just sayin
is he the stupidest president ever? #rhetorical
&gt;washingtonpost.com/nation... make mars great again
your poor inbox
bullzzzzzzzzeye
which floor are we on again? I cant remember, Im a little light headed
oui oui more por favor
the things we do on airplanes...
you are no where close to too big, tres mangnifique
nice earrings
just entering your prime..
you can leave it here too
Is that a La Quinta? ;)
i thought i was going to be the cause of said moans?
Popped the cork so to speak
I raised more than my hand
Hawt hawt hawt
What time should I be over?
Make breakfast 😀
You, ma’am, have come to the right place... I have all 3!!!
I have heard santa suffers from ED, bad diet, over weight, older gentleman... so if he doesn’t it’s him not you
For the win
Bad girl 😈
A man needs a name
I’m not sure OSHA would approve of those for use ina shower...
I have been hypnotized 🙃
Starting....... now
I can think of something 😐
That tee shirt is never gonna fit right again 😐
That is definitely a dildo
I believe it’s the law..
Hard wood on hard wood?
I’d say his buddies talk about you
If you ever get to Chicago...
Laalalalalalalalalalalalalalalaalq
Including the kids bop version... love that one
Them at the driving range is a fav moment too
You need more than just a good spanking...
You are in luck!!! I have one!!
Gorgeous
I’ll bring some wine
Hot, scorching hot
I’ll bring the rubber ducky
Detention was my best subject
Does anyone NOT?
That looked like it felt good
Juicy
Tasty... tasty... tasty
Need a roommate?
I might be viewing this around bedtime tonight
Ravens colors 😀
😀
You could use whatever I have that you need
It’s cricket 😀
Yeah you are 😈🙃
Nudes and scotch sounds like a weekend getaway
You’re good enough, you’re smart enough, and gosh darnnit, people like you
Hardcore pun 😀
Spectacular gorgeous woman 😀👍
Slippery indeed
Bonus points for degree if difficulty
(Salutes) reporting for duty ma’am
Need a hand?
That bruise is heart shaped 😀
Slutty Saturday?
So am I
Don’t forget... less filling
You should, super sexy and fit
A bedazzled anal plug would have been a nice accessory 😀
Does the pope wear a funny hat?
It’s a good look 😉
That’s why your heads gotta be in a swivel when you’re doing yard work...
The pound for pound champ
Let’s see if we can break that bed
Safe travels... when you get back we’re gonna have to make some time 😀
The sun ain’t the only thing that’s wants to kiss..
Mmm hmmm
Beautiful eyes... and everything else
Clean up on aisle 6
Congrats eh
Well that’s comforting
I’m kinda ok with this... actually super ok
Omg... where will they find the money to pay???
Can anyone provide evidence of this great work?
As well they should 😉
I will fuck your in your thigh highs, I will fuck tou in a disguise. I will fuck you here, I will fuck you there, I will fuck you anywhere.. but I do not like green eggs and ham 🙃
Someone’s up late...
Yes.. yes you do
More of you 😀
You got mine
A feast for all the senses
Love this man
Of course they were
He makes Dan Quayle look like a Rhodes Scholar with graduate degrees for Stanford and MIT
Duh
It’s not the kids fault but Darwin has a word for this
Looks like New Delhi
Is that where Landos cloud city is?
He is the Ghengis Khan of tortoises
Chilly in there? 😀
This is why I can’t hardly wait for autonomous cars
Smart wool?
Extroverts.. totally get it
Glorious
Let’s make sure it’s not your last
Time for breakfast 🥳
Your abs are so yummy
The struggle is real
Hotel?
What a view
And Saturday ?
Slow down
I’m changing my name to Richard
How was your night? 😀
Where the heck was this??
Nice lookin bathroom
Allanis would describe this as ironic
Yes... why didn’t he?
He’s a wee little man
Tough to argue that one
There has to be nudes somewhere
Dirty Mexicans... oh wait, these are mostly white people... my bad
We appreciate it
Christmas cums but once a year... wakka wakka
So... hot
Ding ding ding
Yes we do
Of course he did
One can only hope
That one
Another endorsement for making new friends
Whoa... nelly
You say the nicest things...
Hot hot hot 🤩
We were waiting for you to do this all day long too
Can we start a hashtag or something that gets this into the Olympics?
This one is getting saved for later..
Literally a heart shaped box 🤩
Mesmerizing
I can help...
I could watch this allllll day
She is factual
No shit
Stand by your man
That would be because he is a mouth breathing moron
Douchowitz
One foot in front of the other my friend
So do I 😏
Rawr 👹
Trump attorney + shame= oxymoron
No argument there
💥🤩😏
I can be reached at...
Indeed
I could watch this all day... and I might just do that
It’s like youre in my brain or something...
Scrumdillyish yum yum
What kind of exercise? 😀
Whoa
Mine too 💥😍🤩
Vroom vroom
Hiring? 😏
It works... well
I thought you’d NEVER ask...
There is hope for our future
You’re welcome
Like baseball, hit dogs, apple pie and Chevrolet.... except none of those things give me a boner
Yes 😐
Chilly? 😏
(Changes name to ‘daddy’)
This totally made my day ... thank you 😀
(Grabs 8 masks) be right over 😃
I’d like to run your jewels #dadjoke
Ty ty
Suns out buns out
Of course he did
Sounds like the next stop for the USA
What kind of a fucked up world are we living I when Boris Johnson is the protagonist?
Ummm... yes?
I LoVE hiding pickles
Joy? Relief?
So not good vehicle for glory hole purposes for the orange One...
You fit very well
Wanna make out? 🤨
Gorgeous
Repost repost repost!!
He should calm down, he clearly is obese and likely has high blood pressure...
I got a cigar for ya.... #dadjokes
Nice rims 😉
Someone’s been working on their core..:
When, exactly, is he not flailing?
So we can get the fuck out of here?
Why do they always look like ‘that?’ ^
Lighten up Francis, it was a joke. You must be a South Pole elf
Nudes? Asking for a friend...
I just liked this... TL;DR...
Yes I’m happier when you’re naked, for sure
Thank you 🙏
Still legendary...
I’m gonna guess those were made in a factory
Did you leave it at my house? 😝
I’m focused...
Hooray for nitwits!!!
I love Mondays
This seems like a not good thing
Something in the Trent Reznor repertoire or Chris Thiele
This whole thread makes me feel sad and hopeless... I’m gonna go look at some porn
If this had been a person of color the police would have shot him dead in 2 seconds
Gorgeous shot
So am i
In a scale of 1 to 10, your ass is fucking incredible
What does the symbol mean? I realize I could google it, but I’d trust your take more than whatever I find there
You... are right. Amongst other things
And the award for best use of a floor heater in a picture goes to...
Go to bed
I thought I was but now I am thinking I gotta catch up
I thought you’d NEVEr ask
Yup, couple times each
So fresh... so clean
She must work out
I have two... I have other parts you can borrow as well
(Raises hand)
It’s Blursday
Beep beep.... honk honk
Well since he only goes to Florida and NJ I’m gonna guess he doesn’t care
I disagree with your assessment that you failed #justsayin
