I have to use loan refunds in my case..
Just the requirements
To those who have already answered, how is it cool if they checked and the other one still has spots open?
Spaghetti
study guide isn't needed i'm sure
i would review it...
I wish my classes had more than 1 time
Type the notes instead?
Honestly, i would (if you can) just give up the car and pay for your phone yourself. You need to live your own life.
Give it back anyway.
i did, the place we're supposed to look for them...the stupid professors haven't put them there (or the bookstore)
i'm not actually very upset about it, I just think it's incredibly hypocritical to not post what the books are until a day or two before classes start and want us to have read ahead.
because the syllabus is in a different site than the book list
Yes, because they send it straight to the school
For us we scheduled classes and went through some presentations about financial aid and stuff
i would keep it m/w/f as long as it's not too much at once for you
No. You'll only receive partial if you go part time
i would honestly recommend not starting at university if your GPA isn't good.
avoiding flushing the toilet is ridiculous
He works..
Because it's normal to flush after you pee?
i'm not mad, and if you want to save water on your bill that makes sense to me. A roommate being bothered by the sound doesn't make sense to me.
I've had many books I couldn't find there
It's a minimum wage on campus job I got by applying..
your professor doesn't choose that if it's on connect
Accredation is the most important thing
They're less likely to work with you if you're not willing to try non surgical options
You just accept them on the student portal, there's some other stuff you hvae to fill out online. Call your school.
Remind them of just that, that you need to work too
getting a dog in college isn't a good idea, partially because many apts that would rent to students don't allow them
loans
Unfortunately medical professionals don't want to do surgery if there's another option that will still keep you from having children.
They're allowed to not let you use computers in their class, a lot have it in the syllabus.
Only 1/5 of my classes are even on my university's version of canvas (we use something else)
A lot of colleges only look at unweoghted gpas
Rehome the dog to someone else.
why do you need it again?
Honestly, just get back to doing the things that helped your homesickness the first time
Don't feed the troll
Melatonin is literally what we produce to sleep..
Not mine, I just fell right on my tailbone because of ice
Op had no car to get there
I hate chalkboards because it's honestly not easy to read for me when i'm farther from the board..and many of my profs have terrible handwriting
that only works if they qualify for work study
ochem does take more than just homework for most of us that take it. Also, if it's a 3 credit course then it's 2 hours per credit. Ochem was a lot more than 6 hours of studying for me.
Did you lie about previous schools?
One of my dogs we coulsnt crate because it terrified him, he was kept in a cage somewhere too much and abused, but that's an extreme case. The other 2 were crated until they adjusted.
Unfortunately he was 6 years old already, I couldn't do anything about how he was before
Or you can just crate them during the day until they're trained not to pee in the house then they have free roam, we didn't crate at night because my mom sleeps in the living room where the dog is.
Only very specific dogs should be kept outside only
In my area, off-campus is much cheaper than on-campus and is a lot larger
Ohio
Losing my 21 year old cat was one of the worst days I've had. It gets better.
Most jobs don't allow working from home that my family have. How am I supposed to afford their care?
commit to 1
he already said he's in a CC...
Roommates shouldn't be responsible for your dog.
texting an ex isn't a huge deal if it's once in awhile
It bothering you is fine, you can't control that, but if you blow up at an SO because of the fact that they were just texting then that would be a problem.
Then you'll want to save money in undergrad, so find an instate school with an okay program and look into their bio curriculum.
Some dogs manage their own, mine does
Mine eats little bits whenever, our husky was the same way..
Write down what isn't on the ppt
My mjaor curriculum has us taking both at the same time, it's not that bad
it's still self-plagarism
We have a lot of them
i agree with the smoking part, I'm at a college campus that "banned" cigarettes but they don't enforce it. People smoke right outside the doors still.
You should, it might lower their costs
I would use an online planner then that reminds you then
Have you asked if she can spend time with you elsewhere?
Thing is, you should have a phone to contact parents and such.
In most writing things it only requires one. I wish it was like that too here.
You realize how much of an asshole you sound like?
No it's not
Why can't you use the dishwasher in the morning or the coffee grinder? That makes no senwe.
Never had that in college
Theyre very different, but profs don't call you out
I've never had a class anywhere near that small
Many schools dont allow calculators for tests or quizzes
I work around 10-15 hours a week during the semester
that's in an apartment with multiple people?
Not wanting the dog to wake you is reasonable, never wanting it in the room isn't
they live with their parents and can watch the dog when they're awake sometimes if the mom is unpacking, it's not unreasonable
After 3 weeks, I think roommate should deal with it
Because Ohio is not Arizona
I think so yes
Since that's a crime and effects another person, a person should still be charged with rape if they were to do such while drunk
Since legally they cant consent people think of it as rape. If both are drunk, if it was not forced on either side then no ones at fault.
You cant code on paper?
If you clean the litter and feed them, they're easy
Work there during the summer and meet people?
Get things in writing..
You can request the birth certificate from where you were born I believe, do you at least know your SS number?
No, but do they just have that as the standard and allow exceptions if the child asks?
yeah but the professor should specify
College band 250, 25ish section
Definitely get a doctor to write about why you need a single room
It depends on the deadline for the colleges you're interested in, check them out
They probably are getting an apt for college
Mine goes to a debit card
how is that right for the child who can't make the decision?
No, many require last 30 or 60 credits to be there in order to graduate
If it makes you nervous to give it to her, then don't do it.
Do everything you can not to let that happen.
The amount of kids in college definitely affects it a lot, i lost the grant when my sister graduated too
Training her to be calm would take time
That late class will suck
Join organizations, study on campus
i would just let it happen naturally to avoid wearing out the material for no reason
Long as no one moves out of graduates, high
I read on mine mainly
Fine. It was during band camp so I was really tired
We plan on having a party the night before the performance at the end of camp this year, but the performance day is a lot less work.
Outdoor parks and lakes
It's believed by some that the dog understands you're upset which is why they act like that, not that they understand hours later what they did
OCHem = learn things as you go, don't get behind GET TUTORING
You'd have to give it up until you can take time off for the travel
It's not in this post.
Make things into easy to read bullets, remove the first 2 skills
It's not ops job to raise her siblings.
Dont do it. Profs won't excuse assignments or exams for your trip.
Many freshmen didnt take college math in hs
You can ask the teachers through email to make sure you have some interested and show your parents that. The teachers send it to the school. Not you.
r/getstudying
Maybe. Ask the prof.
Make sure your school allows that....ours dont
Dont hide it.
If you cant drive, get someone else to? Family, friend?
Depression doesn't always mean crying or sadness.
libgen for pdfs, if you want to buy/rent cheaper books go to slugbooks
Ask him if he was notified so that it doesn't sound like you're blaming him.
Depends on the campus, I have a bike but my campus is terrible for it
20 hours
I hate evening classes but that's different by person
She needs to find hobbies of her own too.
Keep them apart, how did you introduce them?
Yeah exactly, I'm 21 and my parents started introducing it slowly to me at 16
If its fixed you're not an asshole. But accept that something might happen to the cat and/or he wont live as long likely.
Just take out enough for books and have your relative pay the rest of tuition + that amount. They're going to Auto take it towards tuition.
Footlocker for laptop and anything electronic that fits. Bring your bike up to your room.
Plenty also cannot.
I would recommend not working at first
Join organizations and socialize before class
How she talks about the dog is irrelevant then
Bring her home, and have a home euthanasia so the poor thing doesn't suffer
The sane reasoning is that it means not to look down on someone for their body, people just overuse it to justify their bad decisions.
10 month old btw
How long have you known each other
Nope. We need all of ours.
Asl requires it here
For me, it's been really awesome to be able to talk to deaf people in that way. The way they think of you is much different if you talk in the language they understand best. Most deaf people can talk to some extent and lip read some, but they are still much more efficient at asl
That’s really hard to answer. It depends.
Not every phone is on a contract...
All you can do. It's your fault this happened.
Not as the primary.
Hey! We competed against you guys quite a bit back in hs. Buckeye invitational was always the most fun.
I know many people that actually are studying the whole time.
Inform them that owing money doesn’t prevent them from doing it.
What field are you in? I’m in a science field and definitely need to.
My exams are always at different times than the class. I’ve never had one on a weekend though.
It’s the stress.
You might depending on your band camp. Ours was 9am to 9 or 10 at night
University editions for homework aren’t online
Honestly a lot of it is that the professors expect you to handle things on your own.
You then wind up wasting money by taking gen Ed’s that could’ve been covered by your major
My high school pit had to march pregame.
Depends. My major has major courses every year from one. If you took two years at cc, you’d likely be in uni for at least three.
Good luck to you, my partner is a music major!
Some marched symbals, or bass drum at pregame
The idea is that the others in some way serve a purpose. Smoking cigarettes is completely unnecessary.
I know. I’m not saying they can’t. I’m saying it’s not serving a purpose and can be restricted where it’s not effecting others.
Everyday.
Maybe we have different definitions of it serving a purpose. Smoking only serves to harm someone.
We don’t have that. At all.
Depends. It was told to me that AP is better if you’re going out of state.
The main times I get pissed is when people smoke right outside buildings.
I’m a senior. I understand.
My major doesn’t have much in assignments. It’s just “here’s information, learn it”
AP because it all counts on the exam at the end.
It’s supposed to mean they like to roughhouse outside. Which is fine. Being an ass at a store isn’t.
That’s what I mean. It’s been twisted to some other bullshit.
Yes it exists.
You’ll be fine seriously. I’m in a bigger city than where I grew up and I adjusted. You will too.
Some schools go up to 4.3
Maybe you should read the syllabus.
I wonder how you know if you’re doing well on practice tests?
That’s the problem. It’s for physiology. I never know if I’m right.
He said he walked, that doesn't mean he has his degree.
There are detailed extended response questions that are given as study questions. I have no earthly idea if I'm right or not usually.
I love papers instead of finals.
You can get into a lab and assist with random stuff until you have those classes down.
Go in person.
Work on campus
Try thicker lead lol
If they’re on campus they’re required to work around classes.
The US most people use mechanical here.
It’s always wrong. If you don’t trust them, break up.
Fair. I put the name of the class for me since the numbers are annoying.
Mine is garbage.
I tried to get my syllabus early but they don't respond.
Ours tries to be good during the summer when there's orientations and stuff, and during band camp (we eat there every day during camp for free which is the week before classes) it's fine, but as soon as classes start it goes really bad.
So it’s due to attendance or is it because you turn in an assignment in class?
Don’t bring anything you can’t get there when you move in. As in, get bedding and stuff there if you can and just bring clothes and school stuff with you on the plane.
So it's attendance, if attendance is listed with something about being tardy in the syllabus then yeah it's on you.
It’s definitely feasible. My college has a standardized final for intro psych classes.
I would recommend it instead since a .1 would be rounded down in most cases and it sounds like you just want free points.
Usually you’re grandfathered into the old rules.
The flu has many strains and the vaccination isn’t as big of a deal to get as say polio or measles.
My state school had a 2.0 requirement. He will be okay.
Just bring what you actually wear.
20 minutes is no where near bad. You’ll be fine.
Books for next semester?
Piece of advice, if you’re asking for help about specific classes we need the title. Also, I would just see if you can get the syllabus early for the classes and look for PDFs of the textbooks.
Does your college have a website where you can view book lists?
I feel that. Mine only have 2/5 listed so far. Lol.
My first semester went awful and I got a 2.2. Second semester I got a 3.7. Because of this I was short 0.003 from keeping my scholarship and had to appeal In order to keep it. I understand.
Usually they cost more yes.
You usually don’t need books the first day anyways
It’s your home in their system. So yes they can.
This is correct. OP are you on mobile or desktop?
My old teacher charges 12 so probably.
Yup.
How is it rude? It’s their relationship.
Graduate.
Thanks. It’s my first real interview.
I found randoms.
Marching band
Take a walk?
It’s a lab tech position
It’s probably you need to see an advisor to schedule. Normal for freshmen.
Now I wait and see what happens.
I’m finishing 4 but my partner will take 6
I have 2 of my professors on my Facebook and I don’t think it’s an issue for profs to add students.
If it’s a math course or anything with hw from it. You’ll want the newest.
Hey friend. That was my exact Gpa my first semester. You can turn this around.
It’s the computer science of the business school...kind of
Sorry but he’s in the right. The syllabus says it can be changed with notice. Two weeks is plenty of notice.
Not all schools allow the harness.
Have fun friend! I love my school but I envy you guys for this lol.
I failed Ochem and calculus. I graduate next semester. You got this.
It’s different for everyone. I competed in hs but I love college band.
Are you in OSUs band?
VESPR and acid base chem
Acid base is likely the most important
Suspended I’m pretty sure.
Why? After four years with two in a college apt, the hometown just doesn’t feel like home to me anymore.
I keep them since I use one five star five subject advance notebook for notes each semester so I can’t just keep one classes notes.
15 year olds are in hs, it’s normal for them to be on the internet.
I use a pilot pen, it’s not the g2 I think it’s v something?
No. Typing assignments on something like that usually doesn’t work for most people.
How should they test knowledge?
I believe penn state and Arizona state have full online degrees.
Yes it will bite you. Know them.
If you forget over break, take time to review during the first couple weeks.
Make sure you pay attention to the prereqs for the schools you want.
Just get the apt.
My first job is on campus, interviewing for a big person job atm.
ACS finals are curved.
Weird. I honestly don’t even know what I got. My final grade didn’t change from it though.
I would recommend showing up and telling the prof the issue of an email doesn’t work.
It was the standardized final for gen chem. At least where I am from the American chemical society.
Get a damn lock on your door and tell her to leave your shit alone.
I’m interviewing for jobs. I’m. So. Done. Lol.
1.3. Yes.
For us it’s mainly upper level electives in my experience.
It can have multiple campuses but Harvard still has a main campus and such. You can still get completely online degrees yes.
Usually from what I know you audition on flute and picc since they likely have an amount of piccolos they want.
Idk about easy but I got it without a credit check somehow.
I wouldn’t recommend it especially if you struggle with math.
Idk much about research at a CC, but at universities you usually contact a professor about joining their lab if you find one you're interested in the research of.
Bent leg means when you march you’re taught that it’s normal to have your knees bend when you roll step.
I’m from a bottom of division one school and we’ve been to three in history, twice while I’ve been in band. It’s a great memory.
I don’t want to share my school. Lol.
Is there a way to flair without having my exact school shown? as in put marching band or something?
Not a higher probably. But don’t risk it.
Good. We’re over populated.
There’s soundsport groups in Ohio like rogues
It's not that big of a deal if you start at a lower math
It’s likely yes. If it’s just one summer it shouldn’t be that bad.
I would just plug in scent things in the hallways if she won't mess with those, and just open the windows yourself if you get home and notice it
Because a lot are small private schools
There’s a max in private loans you can take out. That’s what that number is usually.
You can’t take chem labs online.
I’m in a townhome. Like it.
Still makes the mom an asshole for freaking out on an adult for moving away.
I would look up old packets from other corps until you can get hands on a current packet.
Don’t go into that college with a negative outlook. Do your best to have fun and do well for a year.
Possibly. Talk to someone, you might have missed the summer aid form deadline.
Don’t pull an all nighter.
Study late until like 2am then wake up early around 6 or 7.
I just had a family friend take mine.
Premed isn’t a major most places. It’s likely CS is their backup if they don’t get in.
A lot of people stay in the Corp they’re in because of that experience from my understanding.
I would really recommend getting rid of at least one of the math courses.
How much debt are you going to be taking out?
Community college has a combo of people working full time with kids, people who did trrrible in hs and people like you trying to save money. Don’t let that number scare you.
Do intros with the section. It really helps for them to get to know everyone. Year, hobby etc.
Get one that’s cheap so it doesn’t get stolen.
You’ll be able to do that. You have all the afternoon to study. I would do work study on those less busy days. Volunteering you can do on weekends.
A lot of times the court will have one be custodial. Maybe he has his son more than is required for him to be given. My father saw me 3-4 days a week even though the court only gave him every other weekend.
Going back every weekend likely isn’t helping the home sickness.
I would spend it with her. The dog will likely be terrified...
Usually the cost shown is the total. You have to divide it up yourself.
Graduated in May. Wake up at 9am. Play video games, eat etc. Tuesday-Friday work 2pm-1230am Go to bed around 1 or 2 am
Following. I just started full time too. We get 2 weeks off at Christmas.
22 is not too old by any means. Do what you need to do.
What is the AP?
Idk. Not op but on the image it shows the credits.
PhD is likely even better.
Security is an option
A lot of stairs.
This is true in cases of poor breeding. Breeders that care about the breed that do it correctly do not cause this. Edit. Dogs with those noses that cause breathing problems should not be bred anymore.
Bad idea. You don’t want a muzzle to be negative for vet situations and such...
You’re not full time.
That’s too much for dorm stuff IMO.
I thought he wouldn’t have residency since he’s a dependent with parents in Montana.
Do you turn 24 in time to qualify for independent based on fafsa is what I mean?
You have to appeal it I believe. I don’t know the process, but dependent on fafsa is not the same as taxes. This is something you need to look into.
Fafsa and taxes just aren’t calculated the same by the government. You either appeal or whatever the process is called to become an independent or you wait until the year you turn 24 before the turn of the year (say for 2019-2020 you would need to turn 24 by December 31st 2019). Edit. I don’t know many who got approved.
You apply for federal through fafsa. Always accept those before going near any other loans. Private you apply for through their websites.
Depends on your school. Mine has chairs in it and you have to deal with extra chairs if you bring your own.
Weird. Ours won't take the chairs or anything..we just have to suck it up
Basically yeah.
None of us know your playing and marching ability.
To me. It’s not just that they eat them. It’s the torture that is wrong. I disagree with torture of all animals before being eaten.
Nike or other athletic stuff that breaths
On the website I see 14. Might be two versions.
Don’t make one type of food. Freeze it instead of leaving it in the fridge so it’s fresher.
As a bio major who just graduated...read the books and do the problems. Study with friends. You’ll get through it.
Sorry but if you marry someone that’s like that to your kid...you’re not great either imo.
OPs comment responses tell me the dad is too afraid to stop her doing things because he doesn’t want to be left. Not father of the year or anything.
Still, his kid should be more priority imo than whether he’d have to pay child support. Especially if she was like this before your brother was born.
It’s your wedding. Don’t change anything for her. NTA
They don’t. They just don’t want to waste money.
A lot of corps have a specific way they like people to do it to sound the same I believe.
30 I think is the average.
I know the young guy you’re talking about kind of. Was told he was removed due to funding or something is the reason I heard... Edit. Kind of secondhand rumor so no idea if true.
r/suggestalaptop
you're joking right?
Service dog or ESA?
Hey I was there I think. 2012?
Makes sense to me. I just meant for OP to consider it. Obviously it’s a service dog for medical reasons so they can, it’s just not always the easiest.
I know. I just mean it's a small space is all and if there's a roommate I wouldn't want to worry about the dog getting out or something accidently.
Aren’t parent plus in their name not yours?
I just graduated with a bio degree and my first job isn’t in the field either. But it’s at a great company with chance to get further once I get hired off the temp position.
Go to that stuff after class Thursday.
It means many people should stay in state, get scholarships they can, and work during school. Don't make the mistake I did.
If you’re enrolled then you’re in it. Call the school.
There are parents forcing being trans on their kids...
I went to a school not far from you, and I know many conservatives. You’ll be fine. Also, not everyone is so against people with differing views.
Fill out fafsa as soon as it opens in October. You’ll have to use old tax info and then inform the school of this change due to your father becoming unemployed. Applications start in November type time during your senior year.
You agreed to it. Stop blaming your family. How many jobs have you actually applied to?
FYI many schools don’t allow this. Anyone who tried at my school their port turned off and It has to authorize it being back on.
Weird I always did mine in October when they switched and it was fine.
Wrong. Trained dog vs non trained dog is very different.
If they’re this toxic your relationship with them isn’t worth saving. Get a job that will hire any degree and get out of that house.
If there's required class discussions then you'll have to talk or you miss points, that simple. Find something specific to talk about and focus as if you're just talking to th person you're responding to or the professor instead of everyone.
Have you thought about the reserves or guard?
You likely can't replace the grade if it's a C. Don't bother.
Never. I had 50+ year olds in class.
Do you trust your boyfriend or not?
Don't try and stop him from going to Japan. If he's the one he won't cheat.
Also have bills sent online instead so they can't hide them.
Take physical notes next to the PowerPoints
It's not depressing.
Do you give exception for times of asylum ?
No because they're still trying to insult another person. Also stop censoring words that you're quoting. It looks ridiculous.
Did you read the post?
You didn't withdrawal from the old school ?
You either suffer with less sleep or you can spend the night with friends near campus sometimes.
Honestly your major doesn't matter as long as you do the prereqs. So do whichever you like more.
It's just an idea man. Thank you for caring! Or even just give the big dog less food.
Federal loans you don't really need credit for. You should call your financial aid office so they can help you through the process.
Yeah. I was told by many financial aid people that independent on FAFSA is not the same. It's based on age or having kids and some other specific requirements.
Having to keep it in the living room is ridiculous.
Yeah. I just try and make sure people know FAFSA is more bs than taxes lol.
My college had rotaters not really alternates pregame. It meant that one person in certain squads wouldn't March but the other member would. It was almost always freshmen that struggled.
That makes sense then. You're in a very unique situation.
Sometimes people recording them can from that corps or flo etc I think crown might only let ageouts or something? I think they're the ones that are weird about it.
Have a callback for a soundsport/ maybe DCA group.
Yes you can use loan refunds for housing.
Don't spread things that aren't even for sure yet.
I don't ask when I go home I just let them know as a courtesy
Is a year and a half meaning including summers?
I guess I worded it wrong. But when people consider it it's own seperate living thing is something I can't change for them.
Shouldn't matter. You don't shout at someone.
I would say pay the loans off.
Have you gotten help for your mental health?
DCA doesn't have an ageout.
Ask them. We have no way of knowing.
My partner has had advisors cause him to be here 3 extra semesters. Be careful.
Payment plan ?
Op is 14. The em is an adult.
For profit listed schools are looked at poorly by many employers too.
Just use an Ethernet cord so you don't need wifi.
Play musical instruments that I love, do fun things with partner
I feel you as an ohioan.
Only if you accept it
It's supposed to assist with cost of living etc too. I'm pretty sure transportation is part of that.
Could you get a cheap apt?
I do community band to play my primary instrument and joining DCA.
I got into a meh state school with about that. But I'm in a lot of debt.
My partner joined band senior year of high school and is now graduated with a music degree.
Five star advance ones have a guard for it
Made pasta before? Homemade vege soup?
You'll have to look for Greek life organizations that are slightly more lenient on having to be at nighttime or weekend events I would think. Marching bands generally rehearse in the late/afternoon or evenings with later sectionals and games sometimes on weeknights.
That's fair. Many open class corps are looking for people still I would think. Just email corps I would suggest.
If you go part time it won't be as high.
Work on campus
Put it in a closet
It's okay to say it anonymously on a blog is ops point. It's not okay to say so specific of things so that people know every detail of your kids life.
1 hour is definitely more possible to be involved with your kids. 12 isn't. My dad lived almost three hours away when I was 6-16. Saw me every weekend, Thanksgiving break, came up and got me Christmas afternoon until school went back in, summers. 12 hours you can't just come up for weekends.
I live in an apartment with my partner. You can live with friends just like during college, just with a job instead of with student loan money.
Nta. She put your kid in danger for something ridiculous.
You need to talk to him when they aren't there. Tell him to have them over on weekends if they can't be quiet. Nta.
Is there physical versions of the book? Just write out the homework on paper first.
I know. I'm just saying it's not as simple as asking a normal management for it back.
Walk home in groups? Have a DD for the group each time?
Any classes left you can take online?
Do you go home right after class?
My hs didn't allow it. They conflicted.
No employer will care.
Goodwill for pots and pans and cheap furniture.
If they're in class, they wouldn't be on their phone if they're doing their online class....
What's keeping your grades so low?
Then you shouldn't be in a medical field until you can learn how to get your grades up. Get a tutor.
Is there something preventing you from working and saving up money to get a car or do public transit?
Public transit is how most without cars get around, that's what I do.
Ours is doing in person for labs and studios and such.
Go to cc.
I don't go to big gatherings and I'm avoiding at risk family members.
Honestly I went to a school not in the best area. I lived in a dorm that was 2 streets away from a really bad area of the city. I heard gunshots from my windows.
If you don't share a room schedules and stuff don't really matter as long as you're considerate.
It's probably that busy because it's a short summer class.
I work in a hospital and don't wanna spread anything I might have caught.
Concert band is not in anyway a sport.
Quite honestly, they're taking advantage of you being nice. They should be doing more to make up for it, not being lazy.
Get the cops to escort you in to get your stuff.
Any friends you can stay with?
I have 4 pairs and that's it. My everyday shoes that are also my athletic shoes, sandals for the beach, black dress shoes, shoes I wear to work.
Mainly because it's not a full major, if you wanted a job in something wouldn't you major in it instead? It's nice to use as a compliment to your major though. I have a bio degree with minors in chemistry and environmental ethics.
Most I know went to grad school
I think it was that no one knew what was going on and didn't want to create panic initially.
Nta. This shows some possible red flags to me. You should still have a relationship with friends and family.
Travel if I could do so without any money probably, and play a lot of instruments
It's college man, tons of people play that game.
Stay in state if you can. Masters programs you can and should get funding for.
Dorms are expensive. You can do more in an apt than a dorm too.
Honestly, I have enjoyed my off campus time so much more. You can have more people over without limits, you don't have to share a bathroom, and i don't need a stupid meal plan.
Has worked out fine, the places don't look the nicest and I don't have a gym or anything in the unit, but nothing serious. It's a place that a lot of college kids live. Internet works fine for school related things.
It's sad that you had such a bad experience with it, I did a townhouse with 4 other people without issues.
Nope.
It's an activity that is a physical performing art, but I don't consider it a sport. To me, that doesn't necessarily make it worse, just something different. DCI and marching band aren't sports to me, but they're just as much effort as a sport.
For me, my sophomore year of college band when it was pouring rain. Best show we had during college imo.
You need 6 credits for aid
My college doesn't start till august and hs doesn't start till mid july.
Nta. Your sister didn't care
Vaccine. Restrictions being followed at work.
You would need regulation, but idk how to do that without them regulating the content they choose.
From my understanding it could work. Especially if you draw on the slides.
Not true. You have to submit all transcripts
depends on the campus, I don't know UNC's Mine was way too hilly and too many stairs to use a bike to get around.
I would live off campus in a cheap apt instead of a dorm. Work full time in the summers and part time during the year. Don't get meal plans.
Make sure you either know your dorm mate, have a suite with a seperate room, or have a single. Imo, I wouldn't bring an expensive comp if I shared.
You'll have to see if you're still eligible based on how much you've used
How to do an update
Own an animal rescue.
For med school, no. Unfortunately it will stay with you.
Apartments with housemates are cheaper than dorms.
Take something like pool or band. That way it's fun.
I would do everything you can to avoid getting into debt for a car, even if that means getting used.
Honestly any non profit is still respectable and you can do fine. Very few get into ivy league schools.
Have a cat in a smallish 2 bed apt and she's happy with it. Dogs are a different story.
It's on the weekend for labor day weekend so it's not going to be in the way of class.
On campus don't need a car or to buy food.
Extra reeds or mouthpiece for brass.
2 weeks really isn't that long. My current calico took a couple months before she would rub on me or anything.
Just let the poor thing get used to coming up to you first. If you can pet her without her panicking when you feed her just once or twice then do that. They'll probably come around.
What major are you and what classes?
It's obviously up to you but if you're worried for relatives, go on campus.
Does this still count for those that only leave the house to go to work?
At my school prin is more in depth.
You definitely need to tell the 4th roommate that this is unacceptable to do in the home, whether it's legal or illegal in your area or not. Definitely tell your landlord that you are not home and haven't been due to the pandemic, don't throw anyone under the bus in my opinion since you have no proof.
That there's many ways they could have gotten there.
Not lie. Just not say the brother directly.
Make sure you're consistent and it should work.
Completely normal. They need to be sealed.
I mean you can't look at the physical final transcripts though which I thought is what they're asking.
That's why did band in college too. Walking is always good too.
Yta. You don't get to choose the kid you get like that. And it sounds like you regret your son's when you talk like this.
Use different laundry baskets?
have different baskets you only use for each set
Any way to live off campus in a place geared towards students?
Why would they not want you to study medicine?
I don't think that would change anything personally.
You don't need to go to resturaunts or anything but you should experience vacations that you can afford etc.
It will take months to get to people like college students.
Then I would go windows. What all will you do with it?
Just clothes, school stuff, basic cleaning supplies, bedding, basic furniture, split cooking stuff.
Being the same major doesn't mean you'll have class together. No one cares who your hs friend group was.
