Does your first game have reviews? Do any praise the story? I dunno, sounds like a rough place to work if like half the team doesn’t like you being there. My advice? Walk them through your process. Show them what you do, why you do it, how long it takes, etc. I work at a newspaper and get angry emails or phonecalls bashing my writing every once and awhile. I’ve usually just taken 10 minutes to explain how a story even comes to be and tell them that AP style is a thing and they usually backtrack and apologize for opening their mouth about something they don’t understand. Edit: Also, I played a game awhile back and loved the gameplay. But there was one part of the dialogue that made me so angry I uninstalled it right there. It was basically paragraph after paragraph of one character explaining why he couldn’t explain anything. To every other god damn character in the main cast. That screamed to me “our writer quit when we made this part if the game.”
Context is important though. The U.S. only wants to keep Mexicans out when it suits them. Remember when we invited them to come work our fields, offering competitive pay and affordable lodging because all our workforce was off fighting overseas in World Wars? Yeah, that was a thing. Then we didn’t give them either of those things and we created the abusive groundwork migrant worker system/culture that persists to this day out of it, benefiting from cheap labor and finding a convenient ethnic whipping boy at the same time. And come on, you really think that the demographic thats coming over wouldn’t be hardline republican if you gave them the chance? Really? A bunch of uneducated, often religious farmers would all vote democrat? You’re kidding right?
Good news! WC3 HD remake!
You fuckers in here talking shit?
Honestly, the only reason I downloaded the apps was to see if literally anyone would swipe right based on a picture and a paragraph. Was pleasantly surprised to see I got some likes even though I never bothered messaging anyone. Was a bit of a much needed ego boost.
The class restriction idea has definitely been whats put most people off so far, but I really want to see what a campaign looks like with all players starting off rather mundane and see them sort of "stumble into" the game's more fantastical elements. I want the magic to be there, but the current society has lost the means to harness it, much like apocalypse survivors might not know how to get a car working even though they know what it is and how it operates, ya know? Its like, you have a player create a warlock character, but meeting their patron and making a deal for their powers is almost always done off-screen, before the adventure. What does it look like when someone doesn't have the concept of a warlock in their life so they become a ranger, but then realize mid-adventure that a demon wants to give them warlock powers? I really like the idea of items with class powers being spread throughout the land in the form of artifacts or crafting resources and might incorporate that, but I DO want players to be able to have access to those fully fledged classes later on. I've also toyed with the idea of letting players just abandon classes when they find the means for a new one or letting them start at level 0 and choose when they want to spend their exp to level up. I'll definitely work more on I think it should operate. Thanks for the feedback! Edit: Theres also the issue of character creation. I'd love to have players roll stats, but finding someone into that nowadays is a real pain.
Anchorman 2 with a semi-racist grandma
Global warming makes your dick small.
Pretty sure he passed rock bottom and is now somewhere at the bottom of the ocean, holding the bar as low as it can possibly go.
I honestly can’t fathom how they would ever even turn anyone away. Worst case scenario, they make a couple thousand off the first term from flunkies. Best case, they milk you for up to 100 from graduates.
Just stop dabbing dude.
One time I went to Panda Express and the guy just piled on the orange chicken. Like 3 orders worth on one plate. Then he gave me a bunch of other stuff I didn’t order for free. Then there was another guy there that worked the register. He would always just go and take like 15 percent off the price my order, unless the manager was around. They both seemed... kinda flirty. And I went there a LOT so it wasn’t a one time thing. I know people in the service industry generally just act nice, but I get the vibe there was something else going on here.
I work fir a newspaper. Theres a company pushing to make it a sport/pastime to sell more axes. They sent us a packet and its the dame people.
Its a marketing campaign. I got a packet at work.
Its an ad campaign. I got a packet on it at work last week.
Its an ad campaign. I got an email from them at work last week.
I’m literally waiting for them to be like “Hey guys, this was all a Vault-Tec experiment! Heres the teal game!” But no.
Seriously though, is grad school worth it? On the fence over here...
I blame RWBY. I swear, that series set off this trend. The biggest casualty was by far Beserk... a video game came out around the same time and the gameplay/cutscenes look better than the show... what the hell...
They’re seriously gobbling up old and new talent who are fed up with older networks screwing them over. Honestly, its a sight to behold.
I took a class on the genre in college and the general consensus seems to be that The Matrix put cyberpunk back into the mainstream for a brief time, but took both the genre and the film industry at large in a bad direction after that. Cyberpunk basically died off for a decade afterward if it wasn’t Matrix-related. The Matrix became the only cyberpunk property people were talking about and it wasn’t really very representative of the major themes of the genre. Like, can you name a significant non-Matrix cyberpunk film in the 10 years following its release? Theres like... Minority Report and some stuff out of Japan, like Avalon, which was a direct response to the Matrix. Compared to the two decades before where the Cyberpunk genre was just saturated. You can also blame 9/11 for the decline of Cyberpunk, but that’s a whole other discussion.
I’ve watched a bit of it, but I’ve always found the 3D angles on the lithe built characters... sort of upsetting.
You’re totally missing the point. RWBY proved that you can get away with a lower budget CGI style and cut *a lot* of corners, but still capture a devoted fanbase on basically character design and a mildly interesting IP alone. In the retrospective interviews they’ve done they detailed how much of the first seasons style was invented specifically to save time and budget and how they moved away from it as soon as they had the budget. Now I can’t say for certain it influenced the larger scope of the animation industry, but a lot of shows using the same methods popped up immediately after and the trend gradually increased, along with RWBYs popularity. If anything, I’m praising Monty Oum for how he helped make his style and methods mainstream, but lamenting the fact that people are using it as a cost saving choice instead of an artistic once.
I’m a regular on Paradise and never act like that. I think you might just be an asshole.
As a Paradise regular: the server is going nowhere. Its almost exactly the same as it was in 2013. And the regulars don’t want change. It has no goals or aspirations other than what it already is: an outdated SS13 server. Compared to other popular server that are comparatively constantly trying to innovate, its kind of disappointing its eating up so much of the player base. Every round feels them same and antags are either pros who could kill everyone on the station alone or noobs who get killed by greytide. If you try to go out of your way to make the round interesting, everyone throws a fit. I constantly play captain, ask for ideas on something cool the crew could all team up and do, but everyone just throws a fit and tells me to go fuck myself. One round someone wanted to turn the bar and kitchen into a conveyor belt sushi bar. I said yes and engineering was up for it. But command all tried to get me fired over it. CC told them to fuck off. It does manage to capture the med-rp tone better than other servers though. I’d day its the best for that. Like, TG or Goon you’re likely to be beat to death at random with no consequences. I just feel too many regulars feel violated when you try to make the round anything other than a generic, “antags died 5-minutes in” snoozefest. I also run a Carp cult and a lot of the time admins play along. Its fun. The furry thing is a non-issue by people to dumb to understand the real problem with the server.
Currently, I've been playing in a group with a neutral cleric, barbarian and sorcerer. I am a chaotic good paladin with Oath fo Ancients. We capture and interrogate a lot of enemies. After I've used my array of face skills to milk them for info, I usually either offer to let them go if they leave forever and change their ways, or offer them a one on one duel to the death with our barbarian. &amp;#x200B; Sadly, I have been cut-off midway into their answer every time as each of the other party members has beheaded, skull crushed or vaporized them right in front of me, splattering their blood all over my face. &amp;#x200B; "Why do I even hang out with you guys..."
Online groups with stuff like LFG and roll20 really revolutionized the whole concept of DND. Don't like your group? Theres gonna be about 50 open spots for an online game listed in the last \*60 minutes.\* Shop around until you find a group you like. What surprises me is how specific requirements are getting. "Players wanted for trans-friendly vegan furry DND campaign - experienced required, bring references and submit a resume with a 500-word essay" Not to bash any of those things, I just find it amusing how specific people are getting just to try and find people to play with. I think my current DM feels bad because he wishes he could be a player in our group because the 2-3 he has joined while running our campaign all flopped.
It is pretty crazy how I am currently playing with a group literally all over the country and all different age groups. We got a guy whos like 19, a guy who is like 27, a guy in his mid-30s. Playing on the phone is wonky somethin awful, but its crazy that its possible. I just got my first VR headset, can't wait for VR DND.
I mean, at the same time, I’m a paladin who keeps capturing and interrogating enemies with the intent of letting them go or letting them dual the party barbarian to die with honor. Rest of the party literally beheads them the second we’re done talking.
Thing is, a lot of those players I think are also the admins. One, who I will not name, always starts complaining when I get captain.
Oh, looks like Warrior might actually be playable again.
Yeah, because Santa IS real in the marvel universe.
Horde did mist if the work really. Alliance just showed up for their obligatory participation trophies.
We randomly murder a neutral party and force the survivors to join our enemies while the AMAZING Kul Tiras navy gets blown to pieces in the process. The epilogue is literally Anduin going: “This was a terrible idea and all it did was get crucial Alliance forces and leaders killed or injured. Eh, whatever.
At least Galywix was someone clever/amusing. He had a body double instead paralyzing us for 30 seconds and deciding to run instead of not just, ya know, killing us.
That’s something at least...
Not to mention he is one of the oldest and most fleshed out characters in the whole franchise. He actually appeared in the lore before Arthas. Tirions novel came out a whole year before WC3.
Because classes may have been the best they’ve ever been in Legion. Then they took it away. For no reason. Then promised to give it back. Then didn’t. WoD had no content, but it was at least playable...
Seriously though, did Voss’ actually have her soul replaced with Darkmaster Gandlings or something? She is... not the same character.
Tirion debuted in a novel in 2001, a year before WC3 came out.
WRA ain’t bad for Alliance either though
Around since WC3 I believe...
I mean, it's all subjective. We'll find out for sure soon enough. People said the same thing about Old School Runescape, its doing well enough.
k.
But here's the thing, I legit want that. I don't know why or if I still will when I get it, but I want it. Whether its nostalgia or not, one of my fondest memories is me and my dad being stuck around level 40 and going on Thottbott to find me a better sword. There was a quest in Eastern Plaguelands that had a good one, so we headed that way, and to get there, we had to fight a bunch of undead. Well, we killed an abomination that then dropped a blue sword. So I took it and started using it and it made a huge difference. Thottbott said it was one of the best before 60. Nostalgia aside, I feel like thats the kind of emergent storytelling you don't get in modern WoW anymore. &amp;#x200B;
I mean, its one of the better ones. It kinda helps you see what Metzen was trying to do with the whole "Green Klingon" orcs of the Warcraft universe. It's also Etrigg's debut, I believe. But yeah, Tirion's been around. I often ponder how Metzen feels. That, regardless of quality, millions of people got to witness a story he used to doodle in notebooks in the 80's.
Do you know NOTHING of honor?!
Except it wasn't and everything more or less still went according to plan for ol' Sylvie. Honestly, other than looking cool, Jaina showing up out of nowhere was entirely pointless from a narrative perspective.
I mean, considering Malfurion's previously established tier of power, this applies more to Sylvanas, Nathanos and literally the entire Horde army than it does Malfurion. The fact he didn't starfall, unleash a tornado, call in the Wild Gods and/or Cenarius, the Vindicaar or hell, even bother to go bear form... Like, not saying Malf didn't have plot armor, but we've reached Dragonball Super levels of forgetting how the rules of the narrative universe work for the sake of advancing a story,
The real deep thought will be, whats gonna be the point of money when one group controls ALL the money?
And now it has like twice the playerbase as the modern incarnation. I like what vanilla WoW was. Even in retrospect, I like it more than what WoW currently is. Travelling was hard. You needed supplies. There was an economy for food and potions, armor and materials. Current WoW is so... bloated. Theres a billion items and long forgotten mats that serve no purpose anymore. It just really irks me that so many people just go and preach "Its just nostalgia, you'll hate it." No, I am fully aware of what old WoW was, how obtuse it could be, etc. Thats what I want. You could point out the shittiest thing about original WoW and I'd say "Yeah, I want that."
I mean, I don't believe you, lol. Your original post contradicts what you're saying now. But regardless: Tirion had an arc. Arthas had an arc. They met after their arcs and one came out on top. Was Tirion the right person for the job? Yeah, why not. Jaina couldn't bring herself to do it, thats made clear and perfectly understandable. She loved him. Neither could Sylvanas, though for different reasons then Jaina. She hated him so much she knew it would cloud her judgment in a confrontation. As much as I love Muradin, bringing him back was awful and undermined Arthas' entire story and they just really didn't have anything to do with him afterward so let him rot for years. Having Muradin, whose death was supposed to personify Arthas' fall in a single moment, just come back and kill him... eh, I don't find it appealing. Enter Tirion, a man who lost everything a long time ago, partly from his own folly, partly from following his own personal ideals to the end, partly from Arthas' carnage. He, an outcast of the Silver Hand for trying to go above and beyond what was expected of him, reclaims its legacy and defeats Arthas, the favored son who destroyed the order and pissed on its legacy. Its all very compelling when you read it in summary, though the execution is scattered. Regardless, summarizing his character as "shitty WoW oc which stole the kill from sylv, jaina and muradin." Doesn't really do the story any justice and is really pretty dismissive of a deceptively well-structured story.
Yes, but to reiterate the topic of this particular thread (I actually thought you were the first guy replying at first, but to continue the discussion): &gt;Classic WoW really wasn’t that great. People will realize this after they take off their rose colored nostalgia glasses and actually play it. No, I am fully aware of what original WoW was. I want it and more of it. I am tired of people telling me I don't know what I want. I know what I want. Give. It. To. Me. And more if you're willing. The only thing I want more than an accurately restored classic WoW and a dev branch of content to add on to that *specific* experience would be WoW 2, so they can design an experience from the ground up instead of cobbling together 15 years of competing ideas into what is now essentially an abomination of a game at this point. &amp;#x200B;
I'm told it is actually about even with the Horde, while Moonguard is comparatively flooded Alliance-side. It wouldn't surprise me if the game's RP population just really preffered Alliance.
I mean, its probably *because* thats all you said. You didn't give me any context as to what you meant by it. The way you presented it implied you were mentioning it in support to the other guy's comment, which was that classic WoW was shit and everyone will hate it in today's market, that it will get some popularity at first and then die. - Is what it looked like you meant. The point *I'm* trying to get across is that I want an experience like classic WoW. Flaws and all. More content? Yes please! But let's get the base experience back first, please. And my intention wasn't to be pissy, so sorry. Tone is hard in a text-only format.
To add more context to this one, the cleric heard there were orcs raiding caravans, so he decided to go all Missionary and bought a ton of medical kits and rations. Then he strolls up to the orc lookout who was like "Uh, yeah, we're raiders. We'll take your stuff and since you're half orc, *maaayyybbeee* let you live as a slave." So he begins dragging the cleric off, and my half-elf paladin ass ain't having any of that, so we capture the orc instead by all jumping him and beating him unconscious. So I start my usual interrogation, but the cleric has a change of heart and decides to beat him back unconscious every time he says something rude. Finally, he is beaten so bad he is severely concussed and just tells me everything and delusionally begs me to kill him. I'm just like: "Okay man, but here, I'll unbind you and give you a weapon so you can die on your feet with some honor in a duel, just let me-" and the cleric beheads him. Like, GEEZE MAN, you wanted to convert this poor bastard 15-minutes ago! Anyway, now we're slaughtering the rest of the orcs one by one as the cleric lures them out of their cave by pretending to be the guy we killed. I said that my paladin might be reconsidering the company he keeps. The cleric leaned in close and said "Don't worry. I'd never let you die until the day I kill you myself. We're best friends." Won't be sleeping that night. &amp;#x200B;
She showed up, they got in, still lost. Didn't capture/kill Sylvanas, didn't reclaim Lordaeron. Didn't pass go, didn't collect $200. It's not even really a proper Dues Ex Machina because they didn't really accomplish anything meaningful. Like, sure Jaina showed up and did all that junk, and the Alliance STILL lost. Or at best managed a draw. Everything went according to Sylvanas' plan and she duped four of the Alliance's most powerful leaders/fighters at the same time, almost killing them, but at least denying them their prize. You want to talk about someone having plot armor... The most powerful worgen, void elf, human priest and mage on the planet walk into a throne room... and a banshee flew out the window. Real question is, why didn't the Alliance just shell the city with their huge ass canons near the beach? Why even drag that garbage all the way from outland if you ain't gonna use it?
10 times in 5 years? Thats not an addiction. Its an addiction when you need it so bad it disrupts the rest of the things in your life to the point you begin to lose them. When you can’t pay rent because you spent all your money on prostitutes? Thats when its gonna be a problem. And objectively, I don’t think there’s anything wrong with being/hiring a prostitute. Its certainly in poor taste if you’re in a mutual committed relationship I suppose. But hey, a LOT of people do it. We all pretend it doesn’t happen, but come on...
How old we talkin here?
Eh, you’ll bounce back. Just be straight with everyone and try to do better. Get a lawyer, try a plea deal, get out early on probation, get released in 2 years if we get a cool president who ends the war on drugs. Theres lots of ways this could go. Worst case scenario? Work on yourself in prison. Maybe you can transfer credits for a degree online. When you get out, put on your resume that you were employed by the state. At least, I’m told thats a viable way to include it on your resume. Life goes on man. You’ll live. I’m not trying to make light of your situation here, believe me, but you’re not gonna get anywhere by resigning here.
Depends on the country, state, judge, etc, man.
The BFA writing team really did miss the memo on how much OP stuff the Alliance has, didn’t they? This scrappy band of ragtag misfits called the Horde is really gonna stick it to the heavily organized, technology, geographically, and numerically superior federation of demigods, space aliens, techno savants, werewolves, ancient immortals, master craftsmen and... regular humans, called the Alliance. Like, why did the Horde even pick this fight? More importantly, why does it feel like they’re winning?
Yes, just like the last five. Or the dozens that died in WOTLK. Or the potentially infinite amount that could be created by Odin and/or stolen by Helya/Sylvanas. So glad that plot thread went somewhere. And... what, Sylvanas loses an extra life and one of her sources for more undead? Signs suggest she’s figured out an alternative to using the Valkyr already with her ambiguous deal with Helya. But whether its a win or not in a practical sense doesn’t matter. The point is, it doesn’t *feel* like a win. Or any sort of accomplishment. All the whole Darkshore plotline shows is that Tyrande and Malf remember they can do things, then proceeds to fail to fo anything noteworthy. Like I said, nameless Valkyr #6 died. Sylvie loses her next oneup I guess
Whoosh then, I guess.
I mean, technically, the Zandalari declared war on both the Alliance and Horde in MoP if you want to get into semantics. The leader of that group was literally on the boat.
Thats kinda my point
Maybe Mekkatorque. Its left kinda ambiguous.
Or one of those scary *ethnicities.*
I don’t buy it. Santa would see him doing the forgeries.
Oh, well, step aside then Thrall...
I think I’ve pretty solidly debunked your entire reasoning at this point, so I’ll just leave it as is.
Blizzard has doubled down on designing the game to keep you playing, not to be fun.
Well, Have fun. I for one am stoked for classic. I hope its as much a shitshow as it was back then.
Elf on the shelf. Killed any semblance of joy I still had for the holiday.
He gullibly said with a tone of superiority.
I mean, you have to pocket sand them too.
And honestly... what did it accomplish? It reminded Tyrande that she could actually do something? Like, she can vanish, starfall a bunch of enemies at once, and whatever? Pretty sure she could do all that in WC3. And she still accomplishes like, almost nothing. Nameless Valkyr #6 died. Woo.
Ah yes. Because its not like we’ve lost exponentially more leaders/characters or anything.
My DM ripped off that bandaid in our first session. We were almost all murdered by a bugbear and only survived because he let a party member cheese a levitate ability to shoot it until it ran away.
Thank you for this. The whole video here made me really sad.
I'd be cool with it if the game wasn't so empty. Like, theres nothing in it. At all. I can't find any paint jobs out in the world or even any good items. Why would I want to paint my power armor anyway? I'm not attached. It wasn't hard to get. I just had to farm 100 clipboards for frickin springs. I killed the scorch queen and guess what I got? Instigating rolling pin. Unfathomably useless. People have been comparing it to Fortnite's expensive cosmetic items, but at least Fortnite is a semi-interesting game. At least theres people I can show it off to in Fortnite.
And arguably, pretty fair. The blood DLC in Warhammer was pretty silly, but thats a staple of Total War games since War of the Shogun. Other than that, each DLC has full-blown factions/heroes and/or units included, alongside free stuff and reworks of DLC from an entirely different game.
I find something inherently charming about being the "normal guy" in a fantasy universe, so theres that. The thing is, variant human is objectively the best race choice because a level 1 feat can be incredibly broken.
The dwarf barbarian actually invited her to his tent, but she wasn't his type. She wanted my supple half-elf booty, but I wasn't having any of it.
Just a saucy paladin of Tymora who doesn't flirt with humans or elves.
Assuming we're going by 5e standards, the general rule is that dragons favor nature over nurture. Chromatic dragons are born evil and black dragons are the most sadistic of the bunch. I don't think a black dragon would tolerate this situation longer then the time it would take to find a clear sky to fly away. It might even come back in 6 years to try and take revenge on someone for trying to control it even some small amount. From the Monster Manual: *Brutal and Cruel. All chromatic dragons are evil, but black dragons stand apart for their sadistic nature. A black dragon lives to watch its prey beg for mercy, and will often offer the illusion of respite or escape before finishing off its enemies. A black dragon strikes at its weakest enemies first, ensuring a quick and brutal victory, which bolsters its ego as it terrifies its remaining foes.* ***On the verge of defeat, a black dragon does anything it can to save itself, but it accepts death before allowing any other creature to claim mastery over it.*** Black dragons especially refuse to serve anyone, even for a moment. A young and confused one might play along just long enough to get itself to safety, but they're not ever going to allow themselves to be treated like an animal. And they aren't animals. They come out of the egg smarter than most people. So, assuming you haven't homebrewed your own dragon lore, thats what you have to work with. I'd honestly just make it exactly like the "Raising Gazorpazorp" episode of Rick and Morty. The dragon grows up fast, might listen to you for all of a week before it realizes its stronger, smarter and faster than you, then either peaces out or tries to kill you. Or both. Alternatively, your players could start a dragon cult and become its minions. That'd be pretty rad.
Atmosphere. Music, sound effects, vivid descriptions, the works. Do you play in person or online? In online games, I like to privately send players information and see if they choose to share it or not.
My group just fought a Young Green Dragon at level 3 with a paladin, barbarian, cleric and sorcerer. We defeated and killed it, but there were a few close calls and our DM let cheat RAW just a bit by holding its mouth closed to prevent it from using its bite attack. We probably wouldn't have defeated it otherwise. Remember though, fighting a dragon won't ever be your only option. It could be a social encounter, a series of skill checks, or it could even flee rather than fight you. It might fear someone stronger in the area and decide that risking even minor injuries would be too much of a risk. Personally, I'd say level 3 is the minimum to put them up against it. If you're playing 5e, thats when they get most of their cool abilities. Before that I can't really think of any class with enough utility and damage to pull it off.
Well, the joke is that variant human is just objectively better than every other race because it gets a feat at level 1. Like, that is insanely overpowered if you build it right. Not to mention how out of hand it gets with a second feat at level 4 for most classes.
Currently, I need to make 3 new characters for a west marches campaign. Not picking variant human for all of them is a real challenge because of how strong it could be. To explain, variant human is objectively the best choice of race because it gives a feat at level 1. That leads to some ludicrously quick scaling thats gonna just bulldoze most level 1 encounters. For example, level 1 polearm master quarterstaff dualing paladin has a chance to make 3 attacks every turn because of polearm master, assuming an enemy moves into range to trigger an opportunity attack. Dueling gives +2 and makes each attack do a minimum 3 damage if it hits, maximum 8, 8 and 6. So thats up to 22 damage at level 1. In one turn. Next level, you get smite for a 2d8 by burning a spell slot with two spell slots, so 4-32 more damage on top of that. Assuming the paladin can hit, thats gonna be 13-54 damage in one turn at level 2.
TLDR: We fought it in a tower and did so much damage in one turn the DM was afraid if he didn't down anyone first he'd die from opportunity attacks. Didn't manage town down anyone and we finished him off. I mean, magic boons, luck and some risky moves, but here it is: Potential spoilers for Lost Mines of Phandlar It was a Young Green Dragon to start, so breath attack wasn't SUPER terrifying. Potential one shot, but only if we bunched up. It was also hiding from something, so it wasn't too keen on flying out and about if it wasn't absolutely necessary. We were sneaking up on its freshly claimed lair when the dragon caught us and invited us in to talk. So we sheepishly went in to its two-room tower lair and started talking. It said it wanted us to go kill its sister so it could take her lair and in exchange it would leave the town it was in. I faced and played along up until the point I asked what the sister's name was and it actually couldn't tell me. So we initiated combat and opened with Bane and a grapple by the raging, frenzied barbarian. The barbarian said he was specifically holding the dragons mouth shut with the grapple. While that wouldn't stop its bite attack in RAW, the DM rule of cooled it and said it would lose one of its 3 attacks. We took advantage of the talking and made sure to spread around the room with the sorcerer in full cover near the doorway. It was basically in the center and could only hit two of us at a time with the breath attack. Barb and cleric got hit with breathe, but thanks to resistance and high health, both stayed up. We just unloaded on it from there with the barb using reckless swing and frenzy to pump out damage while I(the paly) got a pretty big smite hit in. The dragon wasted a turn with a failed roll trying to break another grapple and we dropped it under half in the second round. According to the DM, he had intended to run away at about half health, but we managed to take it down so fast he was afraid if it tried to flee, the opportunity attacks alone could kill it. We ended up doing like 70 damage to it in two turns. Lucky for him, he got a recharge on the breath. The cleric was half orc so stayed up, but the barb went down. I(paly) lay on hands the barb, who said forget the grapples and went to town with the swings. The sorcerer had used all his spells over the course of all this and went down to an opportunity attack moving back out of range, but the life cleric got him back up. From there, me and the cleric then just kept the barb up until it killed the dragon. The barb had enchanted axe from a boon that lowered the dragon's AC on crit, which he got 2 of over the course of the fight. Before the fight, the DM kept moving the dragon all over the room checking for angles the whole time we talked and it kept trying to get us all to come closer. He said the dragon was faking the whole sister thing, just trying to get a clean shot to breathe us all in one go and was willing to take however long it needed to do that, so we had the advantage from spreading out and attacking first and we also mostly beat it on initiative.
I'm about 50/50 roleplayer to powergamer. Like, my mentality is: "I can roleplay as much as I want if I'm so overpowered nothing can kill me." It sucks because I'll make a character concept, look at it and go "Oh, if I were to just go variant human I could take a feat that makes this way more powerful."
Maybe the dwarf was just too heavy? Like I said, if he was a hardliner for RAW we'd have been toast. Hes a relatively new DM too, so I am assuming it just ended up being indecision. I assume his intention was going to be to finish off the cleric too, but I immediately brought the barb back up who just went to town with the swings after that. I also had one more spell slot as the paly and could've done around 30 with a smite. With the -2 AC on the dragon (I think they were both on by then) I had a pretty decent chance to hit. I didn't get attacked once the entire fight by the way. Oh, and I did mention to him before the session that I wanted to use my paladin channel divinity to try and restrain the dragon if it tried to escape from that and he said he was worried about it the whole fight.
We actually ended up setting up a fight between her and a scrub-tier necromancer. She slaughtered him and his zomboys before we swooped in to finish her off.
B-but, balanced gameplay!
I think this sums up a lot of the appeal for some folks. Human is the most popular race in like, every game its an option. Theres inherently some charm to being just "a regular guy" in a wacky fantasy world and its a safe choice if you don't want to try and roleplay something drastically foreign. Like, RPing Kenku must be a trip. &amp;#x200B;
Seriously, with polearm master and sentinal at level 1 you'd basically delete the whole campaign, wouldn't you?
If you choose the right one, a feat at level 1 is really frickin strong. I did the math somewhere else in this thread, but a polearm master paladin is doing 13-52a damage in a single turn at level 2.
Variant human gets a feat at level 1. Built correctly, that can be very, very powerful early in the game. Since many classes can get another feat at level 4, some feats pair up to become just ludicrous. For example, a paladin with Polearm Mastery basically gets 3 attacks at level 2 could do 13-54 damage on their first turn with a quarterstaff and shield if they burn their spell slots for divine smite, then 5-22 every turn afterwards. It gets crazier as they level up and get more feats. Therese also heavy armor master, which would reduce most damage against you by 3, also very strong at low level when things are only doing small amounts of damage. Or even Sharp Shooter, which lets you add 10 damage to an attack if you also take -5 to hit. It also remove disadvantage for long rang attacks and ignores anything but full cover. So yeah, feats get crazy.
Seriously though, all that school fundraiser shit was fucked up.
But if you went variant human, you’d have 2 feats. *taps forehead*
As far as I know, no. Its just an option to make humans more versatile because base humans are pretty meh overall.
But if they went variant humans, two feats.
Quarterstaff is versatile and 1 handed.
Void elf: “Oof, I was the Horde still back then. Awkward... glad they just ignored me.”
You mean the evacuated families that were then captured and killed by the Horde?
Yeah, but this is a Horde vs. Alliance expac, not a Horde reality TV show.
Well, maybe the evacuation wasn’t done yet, but honestly, who the hell knows. This franchise retcons stuff every 5-minutes. Theres quests still in the game that contradict ones later down the line.
Well, have fun nitpicking I guess. Theramore got bombed, families died during the evacuation, whether it was in the blast or being captured by orc nazis. Still fucked up and an accurate statement from Jaina. Heck, maybe an entire family stayed to defend, like two old pokes and their adult children.
Unless they announce WoW 2. Then we all got played.
Porn, mostly.
No one in the US wants to have to teach their kid to wash their dangly bits, so its snip-snip I’m afraid. A couple of very minor health benefits too, but those would be avoided via the prior too.
I’m happy for you... I guess. But growing up in a trashy town and sharing a high school locker room with kids who didn’t come to those same conclusions, horrifying.
... You’re in for a ride. For one the shower is one big open space. Just a room with shower heads, no dividers. Leave your towels at the entrance. Two: high school boys got no shame. They’ll compare dick sizes after PE class. Had a kid walk up and try to piss on me once while we were both naked because he thought it’d be funny. And so much worse.
I mean, you’d think.
I mean, I punched him in the throat, if thats what you’re asking
... why? They’ll still be in the game, right? Just unobtainable. So dumb.
oohhhh noooooo
Resubbed to WoW an hour ago. Wish I didn't. Played off and on since launch.
MoP was the last expac in WoW where this was a thing. I played with a lot of the more famous players on Emerald Dream and the launch of WoD and the new sharding/fading stuff just axed it completely. But it was a thing, I can attest to that. Hoping for one more chance at it with WoW Classic, but I don't have my hopes up.
Well, seems like Activision is trying their damnest to tank WoW, so maybe the resulting power vortex will produce something passable.
Screenshots tab takes me to a google image search... I've got a baaad feeling about this...
Uh, spoiler, but the source becomes known pretty quickly.
An arc was cut from a patch that would’ve included a quest line of Grom seeing the truth. Also, the Draenei start an inquisition within the following 30 years wiping out any orcs who wont convert.
I stole this straight from the Overlord anime, but I plan to make a BBEG who drags along a trio of slaves to buff and heal him with magic. Do you kill the poor innocent, squishy slave casters or fight the BBEG melee boy with buffs from three people on him? I'm curious to see how long it takes my players to stop seeing them as hostages and start seeing them as combatants. Ethical quandaries, ahoy!
Man, it really depends on what kind of fantasy world you've created here. Whats the government of the local place like? Are they actually gonna care what happened to some kid without so much as a family to make a fuss? I'd say let him off on some kinda technicality (Theres no record of this orphan even existing, so the judge doesn't waste anyone's time with a trial and lets him off, bureaucratic bullshit like that) Perhaps that happens and his punishment will be all the rumors going around about how he kills children. You're in a fantasy world, maybe certain good aligned creatures will be able to "smell" the sin on him and decide to attack. He's obviously upset at what happened, so I'd say figure out some sort of atonement. Perhaps he'll quest for a wish spell to bring the poor kid back to life.
Man, I feel bad now that my party just plain slaughtered venomfang at level 3...
Oni who kills and eats farmers, pretends to be them to lure in adventurers.
/s
My grandparents have an old windmillI they want to restore. Maybe that’ll be a good project after student loans, haha
“Lawyer up, get therapy.”
Utility belt, bat-back brace, go!
You mean besides Fallout76?
Right? I still have copies of when it first came out somewhere...
Honestly, I will never understand ASMR of like, people talking. I get it for like, environmental sounds and stuff, but I find a lot of the whispering in your ear stuff deeply upsetting for some reason. &amp;#x200B;
I mean, I’ve tried it and I don’t think its a good game. Maybe I just need more time with it, but I find the core gameplay loop miserable.
I want more mid game or even early game cris first to be honest. I’d love to see like maybe a crusade of religious zealots or some democratic crusaders try to force the whole galaxy to conform
I mean, at least I could play Fallout76 on launch... and aside from the profound lack of content, Fallout 76 is just Fallout 4 with co-op.
That is not an unfair assessment. Really, The only thing I think about when playing Fallout 76 is: “Did they... forget to put the rest of the game in?”
Yeah, logging into a server only to see literal piles of tamed dinosaurs all over the place really turned me off.
At the very least it gave me a weird new appreciation for Fallout 4.
Fuhrer, iz zhat you?
I mean, I keep crashing as soon as I hit join server. I'd stick with the refund for now. This doesn't look like its gonnabe fixed anytime soon.
Someone doesn't play World of Warcraft...
Question: is it just can't connect or does the game shut down when you try to connect?
I mean, I was able to log in and play it before it crashed on me, unlike Atlas
No names/pictures likely. The fact that a community member was kidnapped taken to another country and raped the whole time is kinda noteworthy. Wouldn’t you want to know your community is vulnerable enough for something like that to happen in it?
Journalism ethics get very complex. As awful as it is, I’d argue the good of letting the community know people are being kidnapped and raped far outweighs the potential harm of shitty kids figuring it out and deciding to harass the victim.
Probably not. All they’d need to do to cover their ass is a public statement from the police. Plus the community knowing theres a gang of kidnappers and rapists going around is important.
Ah, so I shouldn’t tell everyone a gang of rapists snd kidnappers is active in the local community?
I’m here too
On the flip side, I got called into the principals office because she didn’t approve of my artwork and threatened me, saying that I was now never allowed to draw at school again. Her reasoning? The “combine” shooters all drew in their notebooks at school too. So I turned to collage art, won a statewide contest that same year.
Sounds like someone doesn’t understand why not getting vaccinated is a bad thing!
Just all of Dwarf Fortress really. Its hard to figure out how to start play, but when you do its just an unparalleled experience. I’ll never forget the first time I saw a dwarf dragging a blood-drained body to the local garbage dump, only to realize one of the newest migrant workers is a secretly a vampire that just killed a child and hid its body in the local trash heap before becoming mayor. And I’m here, near helpless to do anything about it. I can just watch as this bloodsucker uses all my hard work to live a life of luxury and kill as he pleases.
The Minutemens thing is they need an incredibly charismatic and strong leader to even function. In this case, the player. I love the base concept. They’re sort of like the Imperial Guard of Fallout. Average joes who are sick of this xenos shit. What they lack in power armor they make up with a line of crank powered super laser pointers. Like, thematically, I love the idea visually of a firing line of minutemen mowing down charging super mutants, deathclaws or raiders with volleys of laser musket fire.
I’d say the BoS are at least acting logically in that they view the synths as worse-than-nukes level threats to humanity and deleting them from existence is worth losing all that tech in their eyes.
I find it hard to believe Will Ferell ever believed ANYTHING would ruin his career.
They’re actually pretty great if you get a legendary one with a good modifier. I got a Lucky one, double damage on crits, kicked it up to 6 cranks, so I can sneak attack and kill almost anything in 1 hit from a mile away.
Dude, what the hell do you do for a living for that kinda disposable income?
What upsets you about the arc with Eddie? I never really blamed anyone involved. They were two people who’d never get along, both bonded over restoring a shitty house, Bojack tried to do something good with a typical TV trope that backfired horrendously, realized the whole endeavor was a romanticized farce and bulldozed the house to forget about the whole thing. That just how I took it, but I love hearing how other people interpret this show.
Eh, yeah, but they often deal with more “modern” issues, like positive self-image, anti-bullying, atypical relationship/family dynamics (same sex parents for example), that kind of thing. Hey Arnold was very much a product of 80s/90s culture, with a lot of presenting the multiculturalism the urban culture of the east coast. Its really a pretty fascinating retrospective when I think about it...
Money. Her dad was like, a car dealership isner and maybe mayor if I remember right. The guy she hored was a private eye with connections. Oddly poignant really.
I’ll try to spare you an essay, but there are some gems like OK KO and Steven Universe around still. Nickelodeon might be the worst network in this regard. Their last emotionally heavy show was probably Legend of Korra and they didn’t even run the finale on TV, just streamed it online. On the flipside, Netflix is just devouring old and new creative talent that doesn’t want to play ball with the TV networks anymore. Along with reviving old IP (Voltron, SheRa, etc) they’re really starting to produce good shows with some great writing.
Nice... Have you ever considered an afro?
I mean, I think its totally reasonable. They’re bio-robots made to kill and replace people. They manage to do it to BoS members. Its some scary stuff. They see it as scarier than another nuclear holocaust and I really can’t blame them.
Didn’t say that at all. Just saying it was more topical in the 80s/90s. More recent shows deal with more recent cultural issues.
Yep. I talk like all deities of all religions exist, but are just like, regular people. Also, JESUS CHRIST! Is just fun to yell.
My current DM ripped off the bandaid in our first session. We nearly all died to a bugbear, but luckily one of us was an Air Genasi and cheesed the whole fight with levitate. One player died, but the other two made it and its been pretty great since. We ended up killing a young green dragon (This is LMOP is you hadn't guessed yet) at level 3 with 4 people and have since started rolling over the whole campaign. He says he's made the final fight pretty crazy for us though, so I'm excited.
My current DM let our group try to avoid a dragon's breath weapon by grapple its mouth shut. In the end, he ended p letting it use the breath weapon, but not its bite attack because of this, which was a decent compromise. In our next campeign, he plans to let us use this monster harvesting guide too, so we'll need to avoid doing too much damage to certain parts if we want to harvest them: [https://drive.google.com/file/u/1/d/0B3jTpp41Jz9VbUZZa29YcVYwLU0/view](https://drive.google.com/file/u/1/d/0B3jTpp41Jz9VbUZZa29YcVYwLU0/view) Kinda an opposite thing to your issue I suppose, but say you slice off a monster's claw, maybe this will give you something to give them.
My opinion: They wrote the story for **Maive** and like the last story they wrote for her (Cordana's whole arc, they literally had Maive listed on the WoD website and replaced her) they gave it to someone else because they're afraid to use Maive as a character for some reason. It makes sense, doesn't it? This ritual is apparently so dangerous and profane that no proper night elf would ever dare perform it. But Maive has a history of going to extremes for her causes. After Illidan put himself forever out of her grasp, she'd need another cause to devote herself to completely. The Horde conquering the Night Elve's most sacred lands, the ones she locked herself and her sisters away underground for millennia to protect? Also, Vengeance. Maive literally summons avatars of vengeance. Her whole schtick is VENGEANCE, but... nope, nothing. Just give it to Tyrande instead. Tyrandes always been rash, but that was a personality trait she was supposed to have worked through in Mists of Pandaria. Remember? Her and Varian were sieging a Horde-occupied temple and she just wanted to rush in to take massive casualties. Instead Varian lures them all out into traps? Then she later demonstrated that new patience by waiting until the KorKron flooded out of Orgrimmaer during SoO to attack? But then someone looked at a forum and saw a thread bitching about how Tyrande and Malfurion got a pretty short end of the stick for most of WoW's history and decided to just steal another plotline for Maive and thrust them into it instead. And honestly, what does the Night Warrior give Tyrande that she didn't already have? She could moonfall tons of enemies to death in WC3. Freezing everyone with moonlight is kinda new I guess. Then, throwing dark orbs and making darkness to hide in? Did she really need that? She is apparently so good at hiding she was able to evade Archimonde by standing still. WoW steals storylines from characters to give them to different, more popular ones all the time and this is really just another case of it.
The Azeroth is see is a fun-sized theme park. The actual Azeroth is huge and you wouldn't be able to see, say the borders of most regions, while standing in them.
They are rare artifacts made of special material by mages. They exist and are out in the world, so it wouldn't be weird to see an adventurer with one, but not every single person would have one. I think, canonically, they need to be bound forever to a specific place.
Ah, I see, just like r/Shoobster4 doesn't realize he's on a reddit forum devoted towards discussing lore and character development in the fictional universe of an MMORPG. Seriously though, OP wants to have a discussion about a character's thought process and motivation and you basically said "He's not real, it doesn't matter. He lacks the perspective of the gods who exist outside of the universe and control it who have access to information and context he would never even be able to fathom." Like, thats not what OP was asking dude.
I hear trucker is about the most fucked-over profession in America. My mom did it for like, a month and said fuck it, bought a trailer to haul with her Excursion and special-delivered seafood instead.
People are killing the Scorchbeast Queen and getting Instigating Rolling Pins. Not OK...
*gifs that end too soon*
Fun fact: tons of Civil Rights era musicians (not all, duh) openly admitted they weren’t making songs to support the cause because they believed in it. They did so because its what was popular at the time and what would sell.
Will probably depend on how experienced you are with DND. Personally, I wouldn't really recommend it after buying them on a whim. You can find or make better stuff for free. I've gotten big into DND lately and more often than not it's better to just make your own campaign/adventures. This is all third-party stuff and the balancing seems a bit dodgy. Not bad for some inspiration though. If you don't have the mind for worldbuilding they're OK to flesh things out, but if you've got the 5th edition Player's Handbook, DM handbook and Monster Manual thats really all you'll ever need. It comes with some nice maps, but you can get tons of those free online, theres a subreddit for it even. Theres some papercraft stuff to make 3D dungeons if you're playing in-person on a tabletop, so thats neat, but again, you can find that stuff online. If you prefer pre-made stuff I would tell you to spring for some of the official modules though. Curse of Strahd is good, Lost Mines of Phandelver is OK, best for beginners. Hope that helped. &amp;#x200B;
It's like a mod-pack if anything. This is all third-party stuff using the ruleset of DND Fifth Edition. The base-game would be the Dungeon Master's Guide, the Player's Handbook and the Monster Manual. Then you could also pick up a module like Curse of Strahd or Lost Mines of Phandelver, which would kinda be like DLC story packs you can use instead up just making everything up yourself.
This reminds me of when I took a history in the 1960s class and this old guy who was probably in his 20s in the 60s kept telling the teacher he was wrong. Like, dude, just because you were alive then doesn’t make you an expert on everything that happened. He stopped coming to class halfway through.
Posts being just *a little too well written* is always the tell, but good luck getting anyone to acknowledge it.
Mine went off the second I saw they used a comma correctly.
Its more people have stopped believing allergies are a thing and devalue how serious they are. I bring up all the time that I’m allergic to pecans when my grandparents try to make me eat these little pecan pies they get. “Oh, they won’t hurt you.” You sure? Cause I’m pretty sure I could actually fucking die.
You get one warning on LA.
I actually talked to a police officer who investigated a rapist cop in one of my journalism classes. He let the guy go TWICE before putting the pieces together. They only figured it out on the third accusation. He brought the interrogation recording in and everything. Craziest thing: the investigator gave the rapist an out/alibi during the interrogation. “Where were you at 7 pm Saturday night?” “I was uh.... well gee, let me think...” “You usually take lunch then, right?” “Oh yeah! I ate lunch at that Taco Bell... the one across town.” And it was case closed the first time around.
I meant specifically that well written posts are a tell. There’s plenty of red flags to this one, but my first one is always “This mother used commas, hyphens and fucking brackets. No way this shit is real.”
I was my schools biggest drug dealer and was supplying some of the teachers even. No, I was a nerd in a bucket hat who liked to play Magic the Gathering in the library. Also, one time I had a rash on my neck and it was a big thing that everyone in school was trying to figure out who gave me a “hickey.”
NOTHING!
Yeah, but I’m a professional writer (newspaper) and I never put that much effort into a Reddit post, even if its super serious
Shitty parents and peer pressure.
Two things: Thanks for the bushes comment, I finally understand why the whole park smells like a sewer. And it really is a magical experience. My little sister got to meet Tinker Bell and I’ve never seem someone so mystified and happy. The way she kept looking at the pixie dust on her arms warms my heart whenever I think about it. Edit: third thing, you’re SUPER right about the stressed out part. My step mom was so stressed out she started sobbing because this recording of Mickey Mouse saying my little sister was invited to the park wasn’t playing correctly. Like, I solved the problem even and she kept crying because it wasn’t EXACTLY as she planned it.
1. Its a joke. 2. Weird how easy it is though, ain’t it.
I mean, Trump obviously meant it as a joke. Someone had to try and make it funny.
Ah yes, the season with implied rape and murder.
Oh man, don’t look at it that way. When its all said and done you can just say: “I mean, I went because you gave me money. Now that thats not an issue anymore I don’t intend to go, so jokes on you really.” Guarantee it’ll be a thousand times more satisfying.
Most of the good ones got remade in SC2, but just never felt *right* of that makes sense.
Depends on if your candidates keep committing crimes and fraud before, during and after taking office.
Maybe not. In my area theres a fucking epidemic of people with horses they can’t afford to feed or take to the vet. Everyday there’s a new ad looking for someone to take a horse. Its pretty sad.
Shhh, its the best kept secret on this sub!
My coworker found two more of her dads bio children that never knew him. Oof.
Oof.
You too tho Oz.
We all wish it was good so badly.
I am usually free all day Sundays. Any specific time?
Either of those would work, any details on the game?
You know... I miss killing boars. Just going out into a field and killing boars and farming meat, hides and occasional rare drops.
Wait... turn into?
Only if his ult is "Finger of Death: instantly kill the target"
About 80 percent of the heroes in this game are a hard counter to butch
Found the engineer
WHY NOT BOTH?
John Wick isn’t a movie. It’s a documentary.
WoW has always been my "comfort" game. No matter where I am in my life, I can just spend $15 to resub to WoW, play for a week and just feel better. Theres a lot of nostalgic feeling there, but its also a feeling of comfort. I know this game like the back of my hand and can have a good time by starting up a new alt and questing for a few hours. But noticeably, it hasn't been as comforting with expansions that have been "bad." (I personally think BFA is really bad, but its subjective.) I get the exact same feeling as you. I log in, am excited for about 15 minutes and then realize the current game isn't what I was excited for and then get bummed out, then don't actually play hardly at all for the month. I wish there was a "pause" subscription time option, because I've wasted a ton of gametime because of what you're feeling. Recently, I had a huge craving to play WoW, so I resubbed and booted the game back up. I decided I'd do the latest questlines, see about polishing off the rep needed to get the Kul'Tiran human allied race and then level an alt. (Edit: I realized I got more ranty then I intended here, but whatever. This post got me a bit riled.) But then, I realized the latest questline I hadn't done was timegated. There was a TWO DAY mission on the mission table I needed to complete before I could go do it. And I was really mad. It felt like Blizzard was making me pay $1 ($15 dollars for a month, so $1 for two days) to do the latest questline and got me thinking: thats what all this time-gating is, disguised microtransactions. In my opinion, all this god damn time gating is why I just can't engage in the game anymore. Wait a day for new world quests. Wait to do this questline. Whatever. I honestly miss stuff like the Timeless Isle Sha Hao rep. Where I could spend all day killing difficult mobs and elites while gankers using the blood coin stalked the dangerous areas as well. And that there were also dailies for it. Special drops that you got once a week for timeless coins and a little rep. I just wish Blizzard would stop putting obstacles in front of me to play their god damn game. The mission desk needs to stop being a thing. The current rewards are so garbage I really don't even see the point besides wasting my god damn time.
This is a great template for the current climate of the community I think. "Classic has a better (insert almost anything here) than retail."
Naw. Here is what I think. They are going all in on the Warcraft 3 remake instead. I think we're gonna see new campaigns, cosmetic skins for units and entire factions and new factions entirely even. Edit: And holy moly, what if they add a coop commander mode with Warcraft heroes leading their own mini-factions? IMAGINE IT. The site for Warcraft 3 Reforged says: \&gt;Rebalanced Gameplay \&gt;We’re making hundreds of balance changes to heroes, units, and buildings to bring Warcraft III’s classic gameplay into the modern age. So they're fine with tweaking it pretty substantially I think. We've all been played. Warcraft 3 is Warcraft 4.
I think we're all gonna be surprised at how much Warcraft 3 Reforged is gonna do for it. It's a *sleeping* genre if you ask me. It got basically perfected by Warcraft, Startcraft and Age of Empires, all of which have pretty respectable playerbases even to this day. It's just waiting for something really cool to finally wake it up. I would be fascinated to see something like Starcraft's Coop commander game mode in Warcraft.
My theory: They are going to take Warcraft Reforged and go all in on it, and maybe implement some Starcraft 2 features. Imagine this: Warcraft 3 Co-op commander mode.
I'm saying, why not both? You have a rebalanced, modern RTS engine thats known to be HIGHLY customizable. Add WoW storylines to WC3R as new campaigns. Imagine an Alternate Draenor Draenai vs. Orc campaign or an Army of the Light vs. Legion campaign? When you think about it, it almost feels like they've been setting this up. They've been teasing several large-scale conflicts we know little to nothing about. Worst case scenario: fans will make it themselves.
Or taking things away from one class and just giving them to another class. MoP destruction warlock is the best designed class WoW has ever had. Now theres elements of it sprinkled throughout the rest of the classes while it flounders about.
Did adding coop commanders ruin the Starcraft 2 pro-scene? Did the blood-elf and naga races in WC3 ruin the pro scene? No one said they needed to be added to multiplayer. And Blizzard has outright said they are reworking the gameplay and balance anyway, so we know from the get-go they aren't trying to preserve the state of the the older version.
"JAINA! YOU HAVE GONE TOO FAR!" "Says the guy who literally killed my dad, who I didn't stop because I wanted peace, and then stood by as he watched as his 'people' break that peace and destroyed everything and everyone I had left, at which point I STILL FORGAVE THEM and stayed neutral and even argued their mages needed to stay in the Kirin Tor. Then those mages OUTRIGHT betrayed me again by stealing a another WMD capable of potentially even MORE destruction. And you're saying this as you plunder the most pristine and idyllic zone in the entire world, murdering innocent men and women in front of their children? Yes. I am totally the bad guy here." Like, when is it gonna be justified for Jaina to be upset then? Do the Horde need to blow up the entire planet or something? \*The scene flashes to Outland.\*
Blizz: "We've decided to create a character our entire player base can relate to this expansion. Behold! Sad Saurfang!" Saurfang: "Something I used to really love has gotten volatile and miserable and now I am sad and wish it was good like it used to be, but also not bad like it was before that." Players: "I wish WoW was good like it used to be, but right now it's bad like it used to be."
Ji Firepaw: "I literally got gutted by these Horde guys a few years ago. I was bleeding all over the place, but then my girlfriend came and scraped my intestines back into my stomach and took me home to our turtle island. After training a bunch of children how to do Kung Fu, I just had this itch I couldn't scratch. So I joined up with those guys who gutted me to help murder all my girlfriend's friends. Man, the Horde is such a great, close, family."
Horde fanboisim/ a skewed perspective since he probably did the raid as Horde, I imagine. Check out what he said next.
I mean, I play the entirety of Warcraft 3 every summer. A couple of wonky pathing issues in some of the skirmish maps aside, it holds up really well.
Because I'm sure thats what all the Horde leaders were thinking when Baine got dragged off to Sylvies happy funtime sex dungeon. "God. So inclusive. Joining up with these guys was definitely the right choice here." Or when those assassins went after Thrall and Saurfang. "Man, its good to see the Horde working together so well in my absence."
I'll still go up to bat for WoD in that WoD's leveling and dungeon experience are probably some of the best in WoW. I blame the "Our players can only play for like 15-minutes at a time so we have to cater to that!" mentality the game took from there. Can we please kill mission tables already Blizz? It was actually kinda interesting in WoD because you could recruit and headhunt for all the perfect followers to min-max it, but now its just garbage.
I really have to get this off my chest and see if anyone else is feeling this way: **The mission table and time gating need to go.** Especially the part that time-gates access to the newest questline. I came back to the game for the first time in a few months and the first thing I got was: "Go complete this 2-day follower mission before you can do the questline you came back for." No thank you. Who could possibly be enjoying the mission table these days? It was interesting in WoD at least because you could hunt down the best followers to maximize profit. The problem is it replaced actually playing the game because rewards were disgustingly lucrative. But on the flip side, the rewards now are almost non-existent and it doesn't feel anything other than tacked on at this point. And I am really done with time gating in general. I hate waiting a day to do new world quests to get the allied race rep because it shouldn't be a thing. The best rep grind I ever did was Timeless Isle. You got to fight tons of strong, downright overpowered mobs for miniscule amounts of rep at a time. But you could also do daily and weekly quests to get big chunks of rep. Like, I am playing a fury warrior right now, and its actually pretty fun. My rotation feels meaty and is engaging, but everything dies so fast/easily its boring. I am having a decent amount of fun in Island Expeditions and Warfronts, but the difficulty/reward isn't there. I'd love to spam Island Expeditions for like, a currency I could spend on trasmog or toys, but its all RNG nonsense as far as I can tell. What really confused me is that I did Island Expeditions and got some kind of treasure map for a follower mission. The reward? A green armor piece. The most fun I've had has actually been roaming around Tirisguard Sound, because theres a bunch of unmarked quests along the paths to do for that give little bit of extra rep. I dunno, WoW has always been my comfort game and it always cheers me up to play it, but when I resubbed this time around I've kept getting uncharacteristically angry at the game and it has me bummed...
I liked WoD more than BFA. BFA feels like a horrific mish-mash of old mechanics, few, if any of which work together well.
I just got into tanking as a warrior in Legion and then BFA came out and tanking was the worst thing ever.
&gt;he gold cost of Azerite is unnecessary and forces me to play one spec or another. This is what made me quit the first half of BFA. I was tanking mythic dungeons to get ready for raids and then got 3 BIS titanforged items from mythic dungeons for my DPS spec. Then I kept getting pissed off that I had to switch back and forth when raids started because I wanted to DPS in raids, but tank mythics. Like, jesus, what were you eve thinking with Azerite armor?
&gt;Baine got dragged of to the dungeon, because he betrayed the Horde. The blood of every horde that dies by Jaina's hand is now on baine's hands. And the rest of the Horde were just thrilled about that. And Saurfang, just such a lying, dishonorable sort of guy he is.
They are. This one in particular is called Spy vs. Spy and its the first in the Part 3 portion of the 8.1.5 war campaign quest line. Here is a link: https://ptr.wowhead.com/alliance-war-campaign. Scroll down to Part 3 - Warfang Hold Spying. I guess it was only one day, but I had to wait 2 because the first thing I did when I resubbed was send all my followers on 1-day missions so had no one to send on this one so had to wait 2, my mistake. But I was still kinda pissed that I'd waited several months for this questline to come out before resubbing and then they went and made me wait another few days. Why? What is interesting, fun or engaging about the mission table at all? Its just waiting. The types of troops you get for it are random and no have no choice in champions. As I said before, at least WoD had you managing enough champions to make it kind of engaging.
Ha, I know. I'm just joking. I'm just amused that people are seriosuly just going rounds over which is going to be better. Truth is, they're both pretty great (Though BFA could be better in my biased opinion, haha.) and I am stoked for Classic.
“I’d rather be dead than go to one more god damn meeting.”
And don’t forget Rat Baron Landlord.
Or a YuGiOh card
Which is really messed up for Kalec cause he just got his powers like a patch prior.
Naw man, he just has 999 full restores and max revives on his bag. Perfectly legal.
WHAT A HANDSOME BOI
I enjoy just killing/grinding mobs even in BFA, but BFA cut out most of the incentive. Like, Island Expeditions and Warfronts have a ton of mobs to fight, but they don't drop anything and don't give rep, so why bother instead of just zerging to the final boss? Grinding mobs in classic, theres a chance you could get a green drop thats actually pretty good, or even a blue or purp world drop that was great/ (staff of jordan anyone?) Heck, nearly all the mats back in vanilla were worth a little something too. If you were a warlock, you needed to grind mobs for shards. It had a leveling purpose too as you got a pittance of exp. But my favorite era of WoW was Timeless Isle. I honestly think its the best piece of content they have ever created, period. You could go grind really hard mobs that dropped their own currency and a pittance of rep, while rare spawns with a chance to drop awesome toys, mounts and pets spawned all over. Meanwhile, you might run into third-faction PVPers who were using the bloody coin. Then there were buffs and junk littered all over the island to make you tougher. I really can't believe Blizz never tried just taking the Timeless Isle formula and just straight recreating it. Its like, they tried to work it into it in WoD leveling and IMO, WoD has the best non-classic leveling experience in the game. But then, Tanaan, Argus, Broken Shore, whatever all feel like drastically watered down versions of Timeless Isle. Like, come on Blizz. You managed it once, just do it again!
No, this happened far before streamers were a thing and will happen now that we have server communities again. Back in ye olde days, you'd have famous/well-liked people on the server that you'd get screwed over if you fucked with. I played on Emerald Dream during MoP before sharding, and there was this guy called Himanshu. If you fucked with Himanshu, 3 full raids of Horde would camp your ass for the next few hours. No joke, you can still find the forum posts on it. There were also people on the forums offering big amounts of gold for timestamped screenshots of people camping people they didn't like. Then cross-server play and sharding came in and destroyed that part of the community, for better or worse. This is nothing new and is a part of the game thats developed organically within communities. It's just been framed in a different way now because streamers are so popular now. Gonna fuck with these streamers? They're gonna be big parts of the community and can sway the rest of it to fuck you back. Its a social game. Thats how it works, has always worked and will always worked. Well, provided the game is in a state that allows it (no sharding/cross realm/etc.)
Watching the drama around this unfold is hilarious to me. The thing people don't realize is, this isn't something new and it isn't something that streamers came up with. The exact same thing happened way back when, when streaming wasn't even a thing yet. If you fuck with people, they fuck back. Unfortunately for you, streamers have more resources than you do and people like Sodapoppin and Asmongold have no issues with using said resources. That resource being: people. Specifically, people who like them. Back in the day, most servers would have people on them who were basically pinnacles of the community that could put together raids to stomp your ass if you pissed them off. With Classic WoW and close-knit server communities coming back together, streamers just so happen to already have a jump on becoming these people on their server community because they're coming into the community from the start with a following. As an example, I played on Emerald Dream in MoP and this fellow called Himanshu ran like, the biggest World PVP guild the game has ever seen: Warsong Battalion. If you fucked with him, typically he'd put together three raids worth of people to come camp you/your questing hub/the Alliance's capital city out of petty revenge. I also remember Swifty then coming to our server once for a little while to try and fight him and him getting his ass kicked for the most part. So here's even a case of a popular person in the server community, stomping a streamer with a bunch of followers. At the same time, people would put hits on each other on the forum, offering gold in exchange for timestamped screenshots of you camping people. Now, when Blizz introduced cross-server and then later sharding technology, all that went away. If you get ganked, you're likely never to see them again. And if you get your friends together to get revenge, likely they'll shard out and you won't be able to kill them. But anyway, its really just going to be a part of the game. If you're really so upset about it, don't play on their server. Problem solved. If you just want to go and gank people, there are plenty of people you can do that to that aren't streamers. Why pick a fight with the guy you know can fuck you over socially if you don't want it to happen? And the biggest thing is, I doubt this will even happen. No one is gonna give a damn that you sniped a streamer when it comes to raiding and dungeons or whatever. Or there will be of you doing it you can form your own guild. Or hell, maybe you'll get in a guild BECAUSE you stream-sniped someone. Like you're proposing.
&gt;then they will realize that they need to slow down, use some CC, etc. Thats not how you spell: get pissed off, complain on the forums and quit the game.
Honestly, seeing how the game plays level capped, I almost want progression servers that unlock like, 10 levels at a time, month to month, just to see how it plays.
I mean, thats like, you're opinion man. Or someone else's you just wrote your name on, but whatever. What's your vision of an MMORPG then?
Great. What a productive and intuitive discussion we mutually participated in then.
A man with an engineering degree probably designed that and was outsmarted by a damn dog.
There’s a guy in Stormwind who does it for gold since Cata I think.
Attention hogs and generic shonen protagonists I believe
Do they? I used to play on Emerald Dream, an RP-PVP server and it was super populated. Of course, I quit playing there when Blizz introduced sharding, which made mass-scale World PVP impossible.
Warmonger. Blue 2-handed sword. Me and my dad played vanilla on a dead server and pretty much just adventured alone/together. I was a paladin, he was a mage. I'd tank/heal us, he'd kill stuff. We were both about mid-40 in leveling and decided I needed a better sword and we looked up that there was a good one in the Eastern Plaguelands. So we saddled up and headed out there, but we were getting our asses kicked by everything. We couldn't even it make it to the quest giver. So in the end, I gave up, but decided to kill one random abomination just to prove we could. And it dropped a blue two-handed sword. Warmonger. My first good two-handed sword since Darkshire gave me Mor'Ladim's.
Ironforge. Coolest city in the game with the best layout.
So a through non-answer, leaning towards, maybe not. I'm not going to worry over it then. I'm confident we'll get one eventually, if not at launch.
"To be clear, we have no philosophical opposition to setting up a Classic RP-PvP server. But our priority is making sure servers have long-term healthy populations, so we'll start with lean realmlists and expand as needed, just as the 2004 launch did." What he says: Not against the idea. Priority is to set up servers with healthy populations and ratios first. Will expand as needed, try to keep things lean until they need more room, just like 2004. &amp;#x200B; He doesn't confirm or deny that they will have one at launch or add one later. Just rambles on about their philosophy about how they intend to handle the launch. Obviously leaning towards probably getting one later than sooner, but does not confirm or deny anything. So we'll see. He has acknowledged the demand for it, at the very least. Personally, I'm confident we'll get one and it wouldn't surprise me if we get one at launch.
Asking the real questions.
Wow. You’re a jerk. I think it’s possible they’ll change their minds. I also think if we don’t get one at launch, we’ll get one soon after. That’s all I’m sayin. Get over yourself. I have an opinion about a video game. I didn’t do anything that could possibly offend a reasonable person.
Suffice to say, my company got bought by another company that is going to come in and "make some changes." Changes that will involve me no longer working there or at least no longer *wanting* to work there. So, I'll probably have some free time.
Thats better.
Huh. I played Ravenholdt before I went to Emerald Dream. I think it was Cata I played it during and it seemed pretty populated. What faction?
Though it does make for a slightly interesting narrative.
Ok hold on... I’m imagining it... Oh... oh god... Its beautiful....
Torn between paladin, warrior and warlock. Leaning towards warrior though with gnome as race, but unsure. Plan to do mining and enchanting to start farming arcanite bars at max level, then level blacksmithing on an alt. Gotta get dat arcanite reaper bay bee. Human, Dwarf and nightelf are all appealing too, but I dunno.
I mean, a little hyperbole, but a bunch of oldschool people who are streaming now are talking up how everyone wanted a priest and how warriors are drastically the best at tanking because of their kit. It feels like thats a narrative thats gonna get us a billion warriors/priests
Scientology was like his fourth or fifth cult according to his son.
For perhaps the next week before its just as bad if not worse. Also, getting ready to get bitched at for the next 5-10 years because there’s something he can’t find that you MUST have lost/thrown away. (Based on my own experience, being overly pessimistic for the lols)
Provided you’re not dumb enough to think Nixon didn’t do anything wrong...
We’re try to get sone hives going on our family pumpkin patch, but the wasps keep wiping then out. They really are cute though! It’s weirdly calming to sit and watch them buzz about
Or gets injured before waking up 100 years later an- wait a second...
But... I don’t think you age as a pike of dust
In my grandparents room. Easy inheritance bay bee.
Is it bad I was going to say this too but decided to scroll down a bit first?
I did at first, but I came to realize if you’re creative and present anything with enough confidence, most everyone will enjoy it. My best encounters, story arcs and side characters were all improvised on the spot.
I can’t remember the exact source, but I believe theres a book where someone (Cenarius I think for some reason?) actually does the “math” and decides that gnomes could conquer all of Azeroth in a few months, by themselves if they wanted to, but are too kind-hearted and focused on making inventions to improve the quality of life, rather than say, nukes.
Read as: Blizzard too lazy to write gnome lore
1. Since October of the year it launched, off and on. 2. Alliance mainly, a little Horde on the side. I liked Horde/Orcs a lot in Warcraft 3, but less so in WoW. Generally, I like how gear/armor looks on Alliance Characters better than Horde ones. Though, originally I played a Human Paladin, because I just wanted to be like Arthas/Uther. 3. Currently, a Kul Tiran human warrior after race changing from a regular human. Kind of a mountain of a man IRL and its just so cool being a buff sailor. Also, plate armor looks amazing on them. A crying shame they cant be paladins... Warrior has a lot of cool armor xmog options. I also mained a human warlock for a few years before they ruined how the class played. I had a pretty killer flamboyant green transmog that I've won over 100,000g in xmog competitions with. 4. WoW is my comfort game. No matter what, I can always pick it up and play it and its so familiar and fun. Its like going home after being away a long time. I played it a lot with my dad in the early days and have great memories. I am also a lifelong fan of Warcraft, being invested almost since the first game came out (I was two, but started playing the game as soon as I could use a computer on my own, so like 6-7. I am particularly excited for classic, because I miss those long days of grinding and hoofing it around the world because mounts were so expensive. 5. Aside from being a human, not very. My human Warrior was a grizzled veteran type fellow while my warlock was a black-hair, sort of Snape-like character. I've always loved writing backstories for my character and human always seemed the easiest to write. 6. As I said, WoW is a comfort game for me. It just makes me feel better to run around, go do a dungeon, visit my favorite places, etc. Additionally, I have got to meet some interesting people. My favorite is probably a male stripper I use to play in a PVP guild with. He told me about his job and it was strangely fascinating. Anyway, weird way/place to solicit this, but good on ya. I'd be curious to learn more about your project since you've been rather vague...
Phat lewt. Seriously though, I think cool looking/good gear used to go a long way before they made it super bland.
Right? I actually got in a near-physical confrontation with a kid in high school because he thought I was full of shit.
According to the Cata plot line, Azeroth would have been conquered by Deathwing and the Old Gods would have broken free. But that would be preferable to our current trajectory according to the infinite dragonflight.
Metzen is actually one of my personal heroes. Here is why: I used to read the Warcraft 1 and 2 manuals and there would be doodles in them. Doodles of orcs, knights, dragons, elves, what have you. Most of them were initialed in the corner. Metzen. One, in particular, stands out. Gul'Dan. Gul'Dan became a major figure around the WoD/Warcraft Movie period. Also around the time Metzen left. I want so bad to pick his brain about how that must have felt. "You created this character first as a doodle on a piece of paper, and now there he is in a movie. How does that feel?" Now, there are some things Metzen has done I dislike. The whole Cata story-arc was... self-serving in my opinion. Metzen tried really hard to make Thrall something he wasn't and ended up leaving him in limbo as a result. Cata in general I think was the turning point for the game. A more heavy-handed way of story telling... forced catchup mechanics... raid finder expanding on dungeon finder... But I feel like Metzen was sort of the epitome of Blizzard at its best. A bunch of god damn nerds making a game for nerds.
Man... what even is this sub?
I disagree. I think we don't know yet what that terrible fate was, and they foreshadowed (or decided to finally use) the Cataclysm story in BFA. The End Times dungeon prominently features the following: Baine, Jaina, Tyrande and Sylvanas. Seems like an awful convenient coincidence. My guess is Sylvanas is about to usher in that fate worse than Deathwing with her Old-God shenanigans. Edit: Also, the Infinite Dragonflight tried to help the Legion destroy the world in the Mount Hyjal raid. So even destruction by the Legion would be preferable to whatever dark fate awaits us all.
I mean, lore from Cata onward kinda went off the rails... But the Infinite Dragonflight has always been about trying to prevent a dark future. And we know it isn't the Legion, because they try to help Archimonde destroy the world. But anyway, thats the catch-all for any "what if" question. If the orcs never came to Azeroth, Thrall could have never saved it in Cata. If Thrall had died in Durnhold, he could have never saved the world. The only remaining "what if" in regards to that story is why they tried to kill Arthas.
&gt;Was he right when he give Sargeras demon soul and almost got tyrande kill because he thought he could outsmart Sargeras but didnt? Yes. &gt;Was he right when he almost get corrupted by old god only to rescue by malfurion? What? Not sure what you mean by this. but probably. &gt;All his action has consequences. The guy single handily reason why sargeras almost come to azeroth. If malfurion didn't intervene and rescue illidan, sargeras might as well come to azeroth. No, that was Azshara. She couldn't find anyone on Azeroth that could satisfy her, so she wanted to literally summon Satan to do it. She wanted to BANG SARGERAS. Illidan pretended to join up with them because he decided it was the only way they could win. And he was right. &gt;His action for well of eternity lay foundation for legion return. No, it's established they would have returned eventually, even without the well. They are infinite and were searching for Azeroth with a passion as it was literally the epitome of their goal. A corruptable World Soul that needed to die. Additionally, I would argue the Old Gods would have broken free without the copious amounts of magical intervention. Also, posture this, the only reason Rhonin was able to travel back in time to help save Azeroth from getting destroyed by the Legion was that Illidan created the Well of Eternity to keep magic around. Illidan literally saved the world from the start. &gt;Nobody say he did some good but a good story would acknowledge both side and have illidan change and learn from his action and how they has consequences. Characters don't need to change and learn. They can be static and used to tell a story. Illidan does actually learn. He learns that he can trust no one but himself, because even his family and friends betray him at every turn. He learns and grows from that fact that Azeroth is filled with terrible people and his only recourse is to just do what he thinks best, no matter the consequences. A better lesson than any other WoW has ever told. &gt;Saying the cast need to learn from him reek of fanboyism and nothing more. It mentality like this show me warcraft fan care little for the lore or how story supposed to tell but rather if the character they love being portrayed in positive light. Currently, most of the game's characters are flat, boring, inconsistent and just all around poorly written. Illidan is at least consistent. He's never acted out of character and actually has a bit of a statement to portray. Garrosh does a 180 degree heel turn and just immediately becomes full evil. Thrall is green jesus who can do no wrong, but ends up doing nothing ever. Vol'Jin did nothing then died. Varian turned into a marshmellow, but wasn't bad. Jaina is great and probably the only realistically portrayed character in the story, besides Illidan and Velen. Velen grows as a character and its only because he has a perspective like Illidan's to facilitate it. In many ways, Illidan is great because he makes Velen great. Anduin needs to do something. He is useless and irrelevant. The crux of his story so far was "I let Saurfang out of prison so he can hog all the screentime." Illidan's problem is he is inconsistently powerful in my opinion. I think he has earned all his power, but apparently other people don't see it that way, so here we are. Illidan remains a static character, yet still somehow has arguably the best character arc in WoW. Thats indicative that the rest of the cast must be pretty limp, if they are constantly going through arcs, learning something, only to forget it in the next arc. You're calling me out for fanboisim, but I've given pretty thorough explanations, so I don't know what to tell you. I like Illidan because I think he's a good, cool character who's earned his spotlight. If that's fanboisim, I guess I'm a huge shameless fanboy for every good character ever made.
&gt;Clearly you never read the novel I mean, I have, but admittedly its been awhile. I seriously don't remember anything having to do with an Old God, but for the sake of losing interest, I'll take your word for it. Maybe it was alluded to in more esoteric terms. Honestly, it's mostly I can't understand what you're saying much of the time because your sentences aren't always making sense. I'll assume english isn't your first language. \&gt; That is not... what? That is so wrong. The old god intention has nothing to do with magic. They want legion to win so azeroth would chaotic enough for them to rise. Well of eternity done thing for this. The whole point of rhonin is to ensure history stay the same and not get fuck up. The Legion knows about the Old Gods and wants to destroy them. They definitly do not want the Legion to win. Even if they broke free in the Chaos they'd be destroyed by the Legion. It's possible it's been retconned into the current story though, who knows. Thats the worst part of this lore, infinite revision. Anyway, Cata establishes that if history does not go exactly as it should until Thrall defeats Deathwing, the Old Gods break free and the world is doomed. But according to the infinite dragonflight, there is another doom coming that is much worse than the Old Gods or the Legion. Magic and the focusing Iris play an important role in this and many other storylines. I'd argue that the ability to travel back in time and Rhonin's talent as a mage were vital in making sure the Legion didn't win the first time around. Hence, the reason the Well of Eternity being restored by Illidan was vital. But anyway, enough on that. \&gt; So I guess medivh lesson of standing united and trusting one another is objectively wrong then. It kinda is. Jaina got burnt bad by it. I think its a naive perspective regardless. Someone is always out to screw you over. Plus, another hard theme is that the Horde and Alliance's hate/distrust/rivalry with each other is what keeps them strong. Like, to draw a real world parallel: It's like if aliens kept invading every couple of years during the Cold War, only to be defeated by the Soviet Union and US because they were stockpiling weapons to use against each other. \&gt;Except you just give fan boy explanation. You refuse to look at the bad and only focus on the good and pretend nothing has happened. I mean, Illidan's a shitty person, but he knows that and knows he's trying to do the right thing. His motivations are arrogant, but I believe he'd still have done it even if Tyrande wasn't involved. \&gt;Better story than illidan because at least the guy was believable while illidan case the story in legion go out of it way to make sure illidan look good as much as possible On the contrary, Illidan does a lot of bad things in Legion, but for the right reason. Azeroth would've been satisifed leaving the Legion to play. He forced them to finish the job. Shitty thing to do, but the best course of action. Killed Xe'Ra. Xe'Ra is the pinnacle of the light, but a tyrant. Killing her was a bit overboard, but I think the universe is better off without her. Anyway, I also want to note I'm not trying to be particularly hostile here. I think Illidan's a good character. He's incredibly flawed, but I think thats better than most of the trite we see in WoW. I certainly agree with the sentiment he's a bad guy, but he's doing good things. His obsession with Tyrande I think is overblown in the story I think, I'll commit to that. I feel like if she wasn't in the picture though, he'd still do everything he did.
Illidan got done dirty. Some part of me feels like they always planned to bring him back. His BC story was just too full of holes. I like where he ended up though, even though a lot of people don't. Arthas was kinda a joke by the end and I hate they "redeemed him" in that part of his soul was fighting back. He shoulda gone out with no regrets in my opinion. The whole thing being a plan to kill and raise the players as the perfect army after tempering them with bosses though made it work for me though. But anyways, one thing about Cata is, it clears up a lot of "What if?" type scenarios. Everything had to happen for that single moment when Thrall defeated Deathwing to occur, but with a sinister undertone that something far worse will happen as a result... Honestly, I'm not thrilled with the Light Vs. Void storyline, but we'll see where it goes. I would actually love a galaxy-trotting warcraft game though, traveling to all the crazy worlds the Titans might have made. WoD was bad, but the world it created was breathtaking. I'd sign up for some crazy space-fantasy nonsense any day. I've also actually begun warming up to where Thrall's story went from there, because it very much feels like Thrall has been "used and abused" by fate. He gave up everything for that one, world-saving moment and got nearly nothing in return.
&gt;air forces move in from Blackrock and attempt to win the skies over Stormwind. But you forget, the now Alliance-allied Dark Iron have a huge fortress-city in Blackrock. They'd send warning and I'm sure would harass in force attacking from that area. Plus, Stormwind likely has considerable air forces of its own. Its where the Alliance bases most of their airships and the skies are patrolled by gryphon riders 24/7.
\*Then turn around to find the bomb is now behind you with a note attached\* \-Love, Jaina (or any other of the Alliances perfectly competent mages that could freeze time, open a portal, glue your feet to the ground and strap the bomb to your back)
Knowing goblins and their "reliability" when it comes to explosives, theres a good chance it'd get stuck in the cannon and detonate there, wiping out the eastern seaboard of Kalimdor.
Provided they aren't shot down over the ocean by the Alliance's own airships. Or their spaceship. Or the defenses in surrounding areas. The safest way to approach would be Blackrock, which is now probably a nearly unbreakable Alliance fortress thanks to the Dark Irons joining up.
One is powered by the arcane to create fire and ice from nothing. The other askes the elemental spirits nicely to just give it to them.
Uhm, they can literally warp in pylons and have giant robots to help them. I think its reasonable they created a few outposts. Plus, they had settlements across Draenor, though they mostly kept to themselves.
Does Wordslayer from MTG count? Theres no way I’m gonna win, so I just wanna take all you jerks with me.
I plan to farm Winterspring a lot, so why not. Leather, thorium and firewater on a hunter is my plan.
A glitch: r/birdsarentreal
My grandparents own a ranch on the Northern California coast. Someone went and gathered dozens of skulls from dead cows and hung them all up in an old growth forest we have on the property. Its proper spooky.
But not all who wander are lost...
We're in boys.
Wee woo wee woo. Fun detected, deploying nerf hammer. Chance of collateral damage: 100 percent. Within acceptable parameters. Wee woo wee woo.
Is there a problem with Overwatch heroes? I feel like Genji, Junkrat and Genji are some of the funnest/best heroes in the game...
And we're gonna murder her in cold blood. Are we the baddies?
Tripped over it on the way out of the Tomb.
Won't matter if players can just kill every mob before it can even finish a single cast though.
Eh, I think its just a bad show IMO. I tried the manga and LN and they were a bit better, but I didn't get into it. Ainz, IMO, is too much of a power fantasy self-insert who just hand waves away conflict. There's a web comic called Erfworld that does the premise of Overlord a thousand times better, IMO. &gt; def doesnt do that, hes very proactive in there evilness Even if he is, it doesn't come across that way in the anime. He just seems inconsistent. People tell me its because I haven't read all the other material, but so what? I'd consider him a different character as I do with most anime adaptations. &gt; hard to discuss a character you dont know... If a show is made well, I shouldn't need any outside context whatsoever to understand a character. And as I said before, I consider them different characters anyway. &gt; no it doesnt "I don't feel anything. Even when I kill people. I guess both physically and mentally I've stopped being human." Direct quote from episode 3 of the anime. An intentional scene from early in the show that seems to be there to establish that he is fine committing murder because now he is a skeleton. A critically thinking viewer would assume that means something and that all his actions henceforward are influenced by his lack of feeling from being a talking skeleton. So as I said, the show alludes to having different morals as an undead, the point of this discussion. I think it does it poorly, but it does it.
I mostly don’t understand hoe they peaked at Black and White 2, but progressively regressed from there
Well, Voss reponded a different way than say... Darnell or Redpath... so I’m bot sure where you’re going with this. Chances are if you wake up one morning as an octopus, you’ll trust the other people who were turned into octopi at least a little bit. Unless octopi burned down you village. Then maybe not. But then if the other octopi explained the octopi that burned down your village were a different kind of octopi, you might warm up. Especially if they save you from your family who try to kill you for being an octopus. Is this metaphor esoteric enough?
Subscription guarantees stress test invites
Did... you photoshop someone else’s head into your body.
I play it as sandbox mode with my damage cranked up and resources max yield to skip most of the grind. I have a fun time just exploring and building
Yet I've been saying the exact same thing on reddit since scaling was introduced and get nothing but shit talked.
I don’t buy it. Show me a banana and mini banana for scale
*Laughs in Legate Lanius*
What a fucking power move.
Paladin is the only unbeatable WPVP class. Not because you win, but because you can bubblehearth away. &amp;#x200B; Unbeatable.
TOO SOON!
This might be a layering thing tho, right?
Add enough body paint on there to turn your skin green and then we’ll talk
Off the top of my head, 3 Iron Starlettes and 3 rare P/P Nexus Whelps from Borean Tundra will clear like 95 percent of pet battle content pretty easily. Nexus whelps just use the magical storm ability and then power anything down with thier other ability that attacks three times in a row. You'll almost always get the dragon type buff that doubles damage by the second or third attack and the next will do insane damage. Silk Moths from Timeless Isle are good too if you have something that needs a weakness to flying. Then you have the Mechanical Yeti, Clockwork Gnome and Little Bad Wolf combo that will destroy most bosses, especially beast ones. Lightening storm with the yeti, then switch to the gnome and build a turret. Then switch to wolf and use the double damage howl.
Do you think he might get suspicious you’ve been held back like 10 years?
I’m hiding in my “cave” during the holidays because I cant stand being in a room filled with nearly a dozen people for more than a few minutes.
Yep
Just do WoW 2 already damn it
Well, we know at least one of the writers seriously has the hots for Sylvanas...
If I remember right, Samauro is or at least was in game somewhere. I really want to say he is s Warrior trainer... in Org maybe?
Hasn’t been true EVER if you ask me.
I reeeaallyyy have no idea how/why Ashvane led an army of naga to attack me as soon as I arrived in Nazjatar.
Voice actors are amazing. So many of them can alter their voice to the point you can’t recognize it across dozens of characters. Then someone tells you its the same person and it clicks so perfectly when you put it together.
Mutual interests allegedly. Blizz needs to learn that "mysterious" doesn't mean "good" in terms of story. I am getting pretty sick of all this cloak and dagger BS.
World of Warcraft has a dog damn amazing soundtrack. And I hate it because I've spent 15 years listening to it nonstop.
I was hoping Warcraft 3 Reforged would be out before classic TBH so I could even more excited than I am.
Thats not what I meant. In retrospect, “bait” probably wasn’t the proper word. To rephrase it, i feel like a lot of nice guys/incels latched onto this series and put off a bunch of people who would’ve otherwise liked it. Also, nice guys and incels have existed since the dawn of the human race. Those are just the latest name we’ve come up with for them. What I mean is: that type of person. Why I think this: I’ve brought up that I like ROTSH in a couple unrelated social groups and multiple people have gotten this weird impression of it.
Honestly, nearly every problem my generation faces is directly his fault. And my parents scoffed at me when I said he was the worst president we’ve ever had, not counting the genocidal ones.
No, Nixon got scrubbed clean. No one in my parents generation can give me a straight answer on what he did wrong, but “Thank god he got us out of Vietnam.”
Ehhhhh.... I think Reagan might fit the bill...
“ATTENTION BIO TROPHY INFANT, OBLITOTRON 5273 REQUESTS YOU CONSUME THIS MAMMARY SECRETION FOR OPTIMAL GROWTH METRICS IN YOUR INEFFICIENT MULTI-STAGE ASSEMBLY PERIOD. REFUSAL TO COMPLY WILL RESULT IN THE USE OF MY X836 DISINTEGRATION CANNON. CHARGING CANNON. ERROR. CANNON RENDERED INOPERABLE BY ASSIMILATION PROTOCOLS. HALT! INFANT. DO NOT CLIMB INTO THE BARREL OF THE X836 DISINTEGRATION CANNON. SAFETY PROTOCOLS INSIST YOU RETURN TO YOUR ELEVATED POSTERIOR UNIT AT ONCE.”
The DM is WAY different from the rest of the players at the table and if you don’t realize that you’re deluding yourself. They run nearly the whole damn show. There is no game without them. Like 90 percent of the time, if the DM leaves, thats it, the group is over. The DM doesn’t leave so much as they have to disband the group, which they usually took the time out of their lives to put together. All of which is then wasted as they go find more people for a new group. I’ve had to do it over a dozen times now since I do what I consider “charity work” by running games for newbies I find on reddit. Usually the biggest thing is attendance. People decide just not to show up because they don’t feel like it that day without saying anything. They often say they like playing and want to stay in the group, but I have to kick them because they’re disrespecting my and the rest of the table’s time. Next is trying to attack or otherwise harm the rest of the group, usually for shits and giggles. Why fight your party when there’s a literal dragon to go slay? Third is just deciding they don’t want to go on the adventure. “My character doesn’t care about the money the quest giver offered so she’s gonna sleep in at the inn” Why even sign up to play then? Those are things I’ve had to worry about as DM that players don’t have to and resolving these issues is paramount to the whole group’s happiness. Regardless of the circumstances, if the DM prepares a bunch of content, whether that be by himself or via a module, ignoring it all to harass farmers and not engage with the content and/or fight with the rest of the players is a dick move. If the DM is doing their due diligence, they’ll likely ask what the players want and lay down the ground rules, but from my experience players will say whatever they need to to get a spot at the table. DMs and players just don’t mesh at times, but I think it’s far easier for everyone for a player to generally conform to what the DM wants or leave than to actively try to sabotage the game, which often happens. So you’d propose what, the DM just leave? Disband the whole group over it? The players can leave any time they want if they don’t like what the DM is doing. They’re not being held hostage. The DM has a lot more on their plate. I often post in LFG forums and clearly outline what the game will entail. I reiterate at character creation and before we start so everyones on the same page and both I and the players should understand what we all want. It doesn’t help. There’s been plenty of occasions where despite everyone agreeing and knowing what to expect, someone still decides to derail things. Sure, fun times can be had if the group just says fuck it and goes to do what they want and have the DM make it up as they go, but to put all that on the DMs shoulders out of nowhere is, frankly, bullshit. Do we know if OP talked to the players at all ahead of time to find out what they wanted? We don’t, but either way it’s obvious the players don’t care about the content he actually worked on and planned out, which isn’t fair to the DM. The way you’re trying to debate this, Id wager you don’t DM much. It’s hard man. It’s hard enough to have a module prepared, let alone make your own encounters and story and even harder to throw it all away because your players keep committing suicide by guards because they want to bully some peasants or because they’d rather wander in the forest fighting bears. And since you obviously don’t understand my point still, here it is to reiterate: To play DND and for it to actually work, players need to understand they need to go on the adventure presented to them. The DM can’t just toss everything he’s prepared on the players whim.” Furthermore, players need to work together as a team and be on the same side to overcome the challenges put before them. PVP generally isn’t much fun. The game isn’t designed for it and at the end of the day, usually only the winner is happy, if that. Players killing townsfolk or harassing guards is akin to this. What’s the dang point of harassing or fighting someone who’s blatantly going to be an ally? And by PVP, I don’t mean just combat. Stealing, harassing, endangering, or otherwise working against being a dick to a fellow party member generally isn’t fun. It can be, if that’s the sort of DND you want to play, but usually it’s not what most people want. Anyway, I think expecting the DM to change everything just for you is unreasonable. Maybe this campaign did take place in Mordor. Maybe the group deliberately left Mordor to harass peasants. Anyway, you’re being silly. And I normally don’t play this card, but judging by the comments agreeing with me and thousands of upvotes, I’d say you have the unpopular opinion here.
Make this mandatory for everyone damnit.
There’s one darksaber and the leader of Mandalore had it last. The only way it’s supposed to transfer ownership is through combat. While theres no reason to discount your theory, it makes way more sense that he killed a bunch of mandos and stole it.
“Huh... that sounds like Pearl’s accent...”
I’d like to use Inspiration.
19
Shoving is an attack, can I use bardic inspiration?
5. The druid cast guidance. Can I roll the D4?
But +5 from Bardic Inspiration and and +1 from Guidance and then +6 for expertises in Athletics makes.... 31.
Cube of force and Wand of magic missile.
1... but I’m proficient in athletics which means with a +6...
*opens rulebook* Shoving a Creature Using the Attack action, you can make a Special melee Attack to shove a creature, either to knock it prone or push it away from you. If you’re able to make multiple attacks with the Attack action, this Attack replaces one of them. The target must be no more than one size larger than you and must be within your reach. Instead of Making an Attack roll, you make a Strength (Athletics) check contested by the target’s Strength (Athletics) or Dexterity (Acrobatics) check (the target chooses the ability to use). If you win the contest, you either knock the target prone or push it 5 feet away from you.
Because he realizes he’s so fucking rich it will NEVER matter to him. He could lose 99 percent of his wealth and still be unfathomably wealthy. He’s worth like $100 billion. A can’t even comprehend how much even 1 billion actually is. No one needs that much money.
*dramatic music*
It’s even funnier because the pilgrims came here because the Danish were too accepting and wouldn’t let them persecute other religions.
As well as about every actual war since Vietnam.
Yeah, but he doesn’t want to be the first president to be impeached twice!
Actually seriously considering quitting my job and joining a movement. This shit is out of hand.
Notice how you never actually see the guy in it as its falling or as its going out the window?
I hope there’s more to him. I had the “incompetent father” trope.
I used to have to take special ed english classes in elementary and kinda got grandfathered into it in middle school where they realized I didn’t need it at all. Turns out the elementary schoolteachers really just didn’t like my handwriting.
I took it as “No one really liked her that much anyway...”
I’ve used something to this effect. Any innocent person murdered in cold blood by my players can return as a revenant. Of they’re really vicious, they wrack up multiple who will all come at once. Same goes even for regular old bandits. Restless undead exist in my world if bodies aren’t put to rest. Killing someone truly devoted to a god or defiling their holy grounds might incur their wrath and result in a curse as well. Whenever I have a group visit a town or city, I also present them with a copy of the local legal code, outlying the things they’ll get in trouble for and punishments.
Literally magic. Atlantian tattoos are magic.
People fish with dynamite. I’d never be ballsy enough to trust someone not to shoot me by accident.
My current job I can come in whenever as long as my work is done.
I see one.
Me: *tries to start a conversation with parent, but they’re disinterested and then tell me and my sibling we’re making too much noise when we talk to each other* Parents: “Get off that damn phone while we’re at the table!”
SPAYCE!
I didn’t do any internships in college and so far all my bosses have basically said “good job not getting suckered.”
r/DMacademy would be a better place for this
PETA: “Animals are better off dead than exploited by man.”
Guarantee thats not even the most embarrassing thing to happen in that Walmart in the last *20 minutes.* You’re fine.
Ah yes, the mold nearly killed one of my players as well. Its big upfront damage and then what... 10 1d6 rolls? Luckily 3 out of my five players had healing spells so they just let him go down, let him fail two rolls and then brought him back up twice. Suffice to say they learned not to just go around touching everything little thing. They also almost died in the garden. A crit fail brought the snakes into the fight against the weasels. It’s not a weird outcome though. Unless I’m putting on some training wheels, I almost always lose a PC before level 3.
I’m considering getting a 3D printer for minis, what do kind do you have?
I lost my doodle notebook and got called into the principals office after a teacher had found it. Apparently my doodles were “The same kind of thing they found in the *combine* shooters notebooks and unacceptable for a school setting.” No, thats not a misspelling on my part. Basically, she accused me of planning a school shooting. She then made me promise never to draw again under threat of suspension. I was just like “Sure whatever” and left. I mentioned it to two of my friends, who happened to go on to be the salutatorian and valedictorian (I was ranked 3rd in my class funny enough) and they basically stormed into her office and gave her an earful on my behalf. She retired a month later for unrelated reasons.
Meta questions about reddit.
Hit me.
I’m a perfect 13 and a half apparently, which frickin sucks.
And police officer and fire fighter. You have an important job, but that doesn’t mean you’re a hero. You can still be a shitty cop or firefighter.
The bus was free as a student. I payed when he asked bit then stopped riding with him.
That’s a lot of kids.
Yeah, I’m working under some real old school guys. It’s basically part of our defense from ever being dragged to court in the first place. There’s no point if we just state we never keep those records anyway. Cant subpoena what doesn’t exist. Additionally l, if it didn’t make it into the story, chances are it didn’t matter. We cover a lot of dirty dealing though. We had 4 separate major embezzlement cases in 2019. The police around here reeeaallyyy hate us too, mostly because we call them out on how corrupt they act. “Hey, $8,5000 in cash disappeared from evidence 11 months ago. Any updates?” “No comment.”
My entire family basically demanded I go to college and when I try to tell them about the things I learned they make fun of me.
Zoltan stoned out of his mind.
Don’t grey parrots also mate for life and bond with humans to a point that if their owners start dating they’ll freak out and attack the other person as a rival?
That’s where the gnomes come in buddy
“Kiff! Looks like your toilet was set to stun, not kill!”
Yeah, but the bakers don’t want to be using 27 percent more ingredients!
I dunno, I feel like you help Abigail fulfill her dreams of adventure some and help Penny out of a rough living situation under her mom. Sebastian also kinda seems chill enough that he just goes with your flow. Admittedly some are weird. I’m just so glad theres no matchmaker system in this like Harvest Moon. I legit felt guilty “stealing” away the marryable people from the other NPCs because I thought they were all better together
You boys ready to get bonged?
Frost fire exploded basically when the world was torn apart I think.
If it’s any consolation, it’s always been like this for thousands of years. You can identify authentic roman ruins based on how many flying penis drawings there are.
Not to necro this, but is that the canon? The final scene seems to imply the guy is with his wife. Is he like, part of Rimuru or just gone?
Huh. Good to know. I wouldn’t be surprised if they changed it for the adaptations, but we’ll see. Like I said, IMO that last scene seems deliberate.
The question is... can we go deeper?
Original: [https://www.reddit.com/r/comics/comments/4hk6iz/heckler/](https://www.reddit.com/r/comics/comments/4hk6iz/heckler/)
Was playing Ghosts of Saltmarsh and theres an NPC that betrays the party. His sheet says they literally can’t deduce that he’s lying. Seemed a bit of a cop out, but I’ve always been a proponent of certain approachs not working. Like many NPCs, intimidation is just an instant fail because the second you make an aggressive move they’ll attack.
Constitution. You have the right to bear arms!
“We’re taking a look at that Emancipation Proclamation though... seems unnecessary!” -Trump in 3 weeks
Part of the reason standards are so low: there’s actually a nationwide shortage of police officers, partly because for-profit prisons are eating up candidates and partly because its a dangerous job with kinda shitty pay.
Sure, in cities, but in rural areas and places with large prisons, it’s an entirely different story. You get droves of people coming out to counties and cities in the boonies with awful pay and low standards to go through academy then immediately leaving for somewhere with higher pay. And it’s fuckin nuts out here. You’ve got druggies galore, murderers who are never found, etc. My point is, the barrier to entry is faaaar lower then it should be because so many places are desperate for more bodies.
Based on a story from my dad working as a sheriffs deputy in rural California: My dad and another deputy went to a trespass report on a property and were met by a heroin addled drug addict who came at them with a sickle. The only reason they didn’t have to shoot him was because he tripped and didn’t get up. My dad later quit the career because he knew he wouldn’t have been able to pull the trigger and the other deputy said they had to deal with this kind of thing all the time. Suffice to say, I don’t see how you could casually discount that being a law enforcement officer is dangerous. Sure, maybe not every officer goes up against drug addicts or criminals in their day to day, but you’re honestly going to say it isn’t a more dangerous than average career choice?
Cool. Never said it was a “the most dangerous job”. It’s still dangerous enough that for many the pays probably not worth it, especially since from what I’ve seem the pay is pretty garbage where officers are needed the most. Back to my original comment, there’s a shortage of police officers in rural areas across the nation because they move to places with better pay shortly after being quickly and sometimes poorly trained in an attempt to recruit for the underserved area. That all track?
“I never make up train facts...” Unmatched
Strongly resisting the urge to share a rabbit anatomy fact I learned in college...
Certainly not. It was an interview with the owner of a local startup, which used female rabbits for product testing and was a bit too eager to tell me how similar rabbit... bits are to human bits.
You choose a username when you’re 10 and it sticks until you’re 25.
This post
Look at the patch trailer and what Nzoth is apparently all about. In true blizz fashion, I think it was supposed to be too sweet a power source for people and ended up making them act weird, but blizz forgot to make anyone other than a throwaway monster or goon juice or roid rage on it. Instead they recycled the concept into Nzoth. What it ended up was basically the facilitator for an arms race. It gives random people so much power so quickly the war was low key about securing it before the other faction. Then they forgot to include it in any major plot points. So basically, substanceless macguffin juice.
Obviously they are making the case bullying is assault.
Big E, that u?
I actually ran an entire college program that did something like this at one of the largest universities in the state for work study. They’re a lost and found item that usually gets thrown away so instead id collect wash and give them away. Don’t feel bad. The amount I saw that still had the $30-$80 price tags was insane
I’m currently in the process of creating a mega-dungeon based on Castle Heterodyne from the Girl Genius webcomic. I’ve come to the conclusion that there are two things vital to a mega dungeon: a civilization around it and a dungeon master. DOTMM has Hallaster and Waterdeep in this regard and both are as important as the dungeon.
Reminds me when my dad would print out vanilla WoW quest guides. He won’t play Classic WoW with me because Thottbott ain’t around anymore.
As great and important MLK day is it’s such a god damn slap in the face it was created by Ronald Reagan...
Simple answer: Because we can. Not simple answer: We’re puritan descendants who are in the process of dismantling several hundred years biases, stigmas and taboo and the current generation revels in being able to say “Fuck you” to the last 3 or so generations.
Thats the term my colleagues tend to use.
LOTR technically
Any mind altering magic is illegal when used on citizens of Waterdeep with a minimum 1,000g fine and up to a year of imprisonment. You tell me. Would a lawful character learn it? Sure. Forcing a criminal to drop their weapons would be totally viable.
The first thing I do in any campaign is have someone present a Code Legal for the town they’ll be in. Smaller settlement are obviously less detailed, but it’s a good way to set sone expectations.
I believe the spell takes your intention into account, but I could be wrong. You could also say “Disarm”
Cmon, why you even askin? Area 51 fam.
I had an interesting conversation with an asexual friend the other day. I mentioned I feel asexual most of the time, but am 100 percent certain I’m not, I’m just too god damn busy to ever care about that kind of stuff. She suggested I’m demisexual and I was like “Naw...”
The same could be said about [insert expansion name here].
When someone’s name is literally your catch phrase.
You seriously telling me if you went walking in the woods and came face to face with half a dozen gnomes scampering around you wouldn’t draw your gun and shoot first? You’re gonna get eaten dude.
One of my player pulled a "I want to use the luckstone without explicitly saying I attuned to it before this!" during my session. Of course I asked if he attuned to it and he said "We'll we've had it for more than 8 hours, of course!" Then he thought I was fucking with him when I revealed it was cursed. Though he was upset about a LOT in this adventure so far.
I usually do this as an early warning to players that blindly opening doors is a bad idea.
Call it surprise then. Same effect.
Surprise day if they’re unaware of the threat. They were certainly unaware there were a bunch of people with crossbows inside, they only knew and were only looking for the gnome.
Yes, but I did choose to because the players asked for it that way. To be specific, this player is upset that yellow mold, green slime and an NPC who betrayed the group almost killed them, which is all according to the script.
Well the thing is that’s exactly what they did. They just burst into literally four other rooms before this. And it’s mostly one player honestly. He was more upset at yellow mold and green slimes almost killing him.
That’s the plan. Either way things get a little more roleplay oriented from here with the next adventure, but it’s still pretty intense.
Well, which is why I've sat down and talked to the upset one and plan to bring it up to the rest of the players next session, as well as ask here for some advice on the matter. Its certainly safe to say this isn't the adventure the players were expecting. One described it as "I thought this was going to be Scooby Doo and it turns out it was Die Hard."
I would have called it "soft combat," which I don't think there are rules for. There was an active hostile NPC that was running, but had left sight for several turns and would have brought more enemies into combat if and I had let the players do as they would outside of combat. I then re-rolled initiative after the door was opened because there were 7 new people to roll for. I would consider the "surprise round" round 1 since its the one you deal with surprise in and I'd call it that That said, I've determined the better way to handle it would have probably been to officially end combat and try for a surprise round with stealth and perception rolls instead of readied attacks. What I was sort of trying to get at is the result would have probably been nearly the same with surprise and it would have been a better mechanic to give the PCs a fighting chance. Of course there were a lot of rolls for that I didn't do because of the situation. Part of the issue I suppose is, what do you do when a character is in combat, but off screen? End combat after its evident they aren't around the corner?
I think misinterpreted is the better than broke/ignored. Other than Sage Advice explicitly saying so I don't see why anyone would assume you couldn't hold actions outside of combat. Chris Perkins says no, Mike Mearls says, yeah why not. The intended solution would be to listen at the door before you kicked it open, let someone with higher AC open it or maybe open it from a safe position as the one player decided to do, while not bothering to check and see if the other player would be in range. The most straightforward comparison would be checking a chest for traps. "I open the chest." "Well, it had a gas trap in it and now you and everyone else in 10 feet is paralyzed." When I say '"by the book" I'm referring to other grievances the player had, which included being upset that green slime, yellow mold and an NPC that betrayed the party almost got someone killed.
You can see the space in the air above the deck though. And it was climbing out the porthole and jumping into the water. Nothing about Misty Step says you can't do it into the air. Additionally, when we started the campaign I said I'd be doing it by the book whenever possible. Frankly, I don't have much time to read everything ahead of time, so most things are introduced when we reach them.
There are literally infinite solutions and you’re not thinking of anything except the worst possible thing to do. Wait them out, lure them out, negotiate with persuasion, intimidation or deception, peek in with 3/4 cover, use a spell to gas them out or use fog, darkness or smoke to give them disadvantage and prevent them from even firing because they can’t see a target. Make a decoy and open the door. Theres 11 solutions.
You’re being silly. I should just stop everything to remind my players there might be more enemies around every corner? I’m not going to volunteer any solutions or information to my players unless they ask for it. It only comes off as patronizing. “You’re too dumb apparently to consider this so I’m going to hold your hand and nudge you towards every encounter, trap and hidden door.” Suggesting I go out of my way to have them roll int/wis to see if they can predict a trap and how many enemies is silly as well. “I want to stop everything and take all agency away from you to see if your character is a reckless idiot every time you might put yourself in danger, which achieves my goal either way because now you know somethings up.” All those examples I gave aren’t necessarily perfect solutions. They’re something else to try other than walking into the crosshairs of a firing line which you seemed convinced was the only option. Of course my players aren’t going to think the dame way as I do, but they’re going to need to think if they want to get anywhere. One last thing, I am working with my players, but this stuff shouldn’t be all up to the DM. Everyone at the table is equally responsible for making the game as good as it can be. I’m not gonna kick my player over this. I’ll try to adapt things so he’s a bit happier, but not completely overhaul a pre-written campaign and totally change my DMing style. The grievances I mentioned were mostly to do with all the traps in this module. He’s more mad about falling foul of yellow mold, green slime and trapped chests than this incident.
I would actually appreciate an explanation as to what an adversarial gm is supposed to be. I’ve only heard it as a buzzword. That said, I still think you’re being silly. I don’t think refusing to hold my players hands is unreasonable and I feel like thats what you’re suggesting. A traps a trap, an ambush is an ambush. Luckily there isn’t much of that gameplay from here on out. So either way I think we’ll do fine.
Actually, I talked with a GM for an issue in classic WoW awhile back. She said something to the effect of “We don’t have the resources to fix any issues or address any reports in Classic. We barely have anyone to address issues on Live.”
At least it was his mouth and not... the other thing.
My go to: The goblins have buried their treasure in a patch of poison/explosive mushroom. Nature to identify, survival to navigate. Try the line of thinking. Creat obstacles that can be identified by nature checks and solved with survival.
Absolutely not. Dragons are not to be fucked with. The solution is to barter or sneakily steal from the dragon. I’d recommend showing the black dragon’s pickled body collection in a swamp before the fight, filling it with creatures that would give the part pause. “Oh... this thing killed a bunch of frost giants, a beholder, a pack of owl bears and a mammoth.... maybe not.”
It’s somewhere in the adventuring genome.
Getting really upset about something minor or strange.
DEJA VU!
My mom beat me with a wooden spoon so hard once it broke and she accidentally stabbed me with it.
No, because I’m creative enough a DM that I can “nerf” them using game mechanics. “Im a variant human sharpshooter crossbow DEX fighter! I can do 100 damage a turn! I could solo this whole adventure!” “Cool. The six goblins run over, push you down, disarm you, take your bow and break it after seeing you headshot one of them. They then beat you to death with clubs.”
Can’t we just get together and eat the rich already?
Last season isn’t half bad actually
Yes, because that person is so deluded they’d take it in stride and I could just re-ghost on them like I’ve been doing fir the last 8 years.
Wait, isn’t like literally every Tyranid fleet technically beelining for Terra or is that no longer canon? Like, I thought the Astronomicom was a giant neon “Come eat me!” sign for the whole species.
“I don’t see Terra being eaten any time soon.” I’m not super caught up with recent developments, but it sounds like a huge Tyranids push all the way to Terra wouldn’t be out of the question.
Again, not caught up with recent stuff, but aren't a bunch of necrons coming from the unknown parts of space where the Tyranids hang out? And in the grand scheme of things, the Tyranid tendrils are like, not even close to what a real Tyranid invasion might look like? If necrons are finally getting back in the game maybe next we'll see the largest Tyranid invasion yet, so big it stomps its way all the way to Terra. Maybe thats why the necrons are getting their shit together, because they known shits about to get realer than its ever been. Just spitballing though. Not gonna even speculate on what GW might do because I dont think anyone can predict that.
Why am I worried this shipment is going to be seized by the feds?
Le Ronald Reagan has changed the narrative has arrived
He then returned to the far off time of July 2020 just as Cthulu emerged from the depths
Well, it’s less them separating the twins and more finding twins that were separated and gathering data. At least modern studies. Like, pre 20th century anything goes.
Ah yes the *german soldier* who constantly praised the superior *german technology.* Classic.
Of course. He’s a proud *german soldier* after all.
Isn’t this the plot of a King of the Hill episode?
That’s what you think. If the draft came back for instance you’d suddenly find the standards significantly lowered.
This guy historys
Southern states have worked since they lost the Civil War to rewrite the context and history and it worked to an extent. Just google Lost Cause Narrative.
My favorite is King Cotton
I buy paintings from goodwill or thrift shops. My favorite part is speculating who made them and how they end up there.
I mean, it’s sort of underwhelming when magic and giant dragons exist. Plus it like, didn’t kill anyone.
I mean, technically saved the world. Legion was coming back eventually. No one would’ve put up much of a fight without magic.
They’re all unstable now. Whatever that means
It’s bullshit timegating. I was doing a questline and had to wait like 2 days for a mission to finish. Then failed it if I remember right.
Man, scrolled for a long time and no one said Prince Zuko from Avatar: The Last Airbender. In my opinion, best there is, no contest. Guy goes from an abused child who was scarred and sent on a suicide mission/wild goose chase by his father and couldn’t go home until he succeeded. He beats himself up over failing an impossible task over and over, that being capturing the Avatar, the only real threat to the Fire Nations plan for conquest. He fully accepts his banishment and goes rogue to try and carve his own path. Out of sheer circumstance he manages to run into the Avatar and succeed at defeating him. He goes home a celebrated hero, but realizes that it wasn’t what he really wanted and he learned so much more about himself on the journey. He goes and finds the Avatar, tries to talk down an assassin he himself sent to finish the job, helps defeat him and joins main cast. He then teaches the Avatar firebending, the last thing he needs to reach his full potential, turns on his father and nation to do whats right and finally confronts his father about all the abuse and helps stop the war. He then rules peacefully for many years and helps train the next Avatar. And that’s just the summary. It’s beautiful to watch unfold over the series.
Then nobody’s upvoting it. Too obvious I guess.
Maybe any waking moment prior to him running to being elected.
Damn, thats some deep werewolf lore. I salute you sir. Did a report on this in like middleschool.
I was pretty sure my parents were gonna freak because a pic of my sister looking at the Art of War hit the top of Reddit and I didn’t ask first. They were annoyed but tickled if nothing else. My mom got pretty mad at a lot of the negative comments.
Honestly, I think it’s the police/adults running the program that let everyone down. I remember the one who came to my class. He just didn’t want to be there. He basically threw swag at us and told us not to do drugs or he would have to arrest us. Like, make an effort dude.
No better way to start a lifelong relationship than amassing crippling debt from a huge overpriced party.
Depends on the person and background I think. I came to realize that all my friends from high school were really shitty people. I just never realized because I went to a small school and there weren’t many options of people to hang with. When I hit college and met people who liked and were nice to me it was a whole new world.
Not just the men...
Man, I often wondered if this show was just in my imagination. Other than the weird fantasy swearing a pretty creative show.
Literally anywhere
Easy to be unified when you’re 2 percent of the pop and have all the money
Bow of Doom All shots fired from this bow by a living being hits the closest living being as if it were a critical hit. The closest living being.
Seriously, whoever wrote the headline must not have been paying attention.
Mass dispel aoe stunlock
Damn, so dad for that one Twitch streamer
Strawberry icecream
It’d be funny if he actually defected to Russia only for them to realize he’d garnered no useful info whatsoever
My families bees got wiped out last year. We’re trying again this year and it’s going a lot better
Oh cmon, that’s cult 101 people.
I think it comes down to what there is to be learned. Looting tombs to understand the complex geopolitical circumstances and culture of ancient Egypt? Ok. Digging up desert graves to loot the gold and sell the mummified remains to tourists? Naw. Whats to learn from a grave 20 years old? Generally nothing. Unless you need DNA for a paternity test apparently. (Just been a reoccurring theme on s podcast I listen to)
Eh, almost too likely though. That said I also don’t see him like... retiring so...
Since the Pilgrims hit the shore
Shout out to Drake and Josh for making me feel OK being a moderately overweight nerd in high school
I imagine he lives in a Shadowrun-esque dystopia where corporate land is a sovereign nation that can make its own laws and where child murder/disfigurement is OK.
Something something younglings
On the contrary, the path of the teachers pet leads to many abilities some might consider... unnatural. Me: *signs up to be teaching aid my senior year* Also me: *just takes naps in the corner because the teacher likes me too much to say anything*
I like to just fortify fortify fortify and let the galaxy get bopped however it’s gonna happen. Usually I’ll play an empire that can handle whatever crisis comes around ob it’s own though
See every republican president since Nixon and forward *
Blizzard really needs to make transmog unlock on any character.
Had an actual beach adventure. Cleric player made so many bad decisions he swam 10,000 feet down a trench and met a kraken and it turned him into a warlock.
Honestly, I don’t think he would. If this presidency has shown us anything its the current republican party is fine throwing anyone, even their previously most treasured heroes like Bush, right under the bus if it suits their agenda. And traffics backed up around the whole block with buses waiting for Trump to come within pushing distance.
I've got a Monday 4-8 p.m. PST Dungeon of the Mad Mages that started as a "Forever DM's Only" game that needs two new players. DM me if that sounds up your all and I'll send you the ap questions
