Nah from 2013 it said.
I reckon Tom cooper loves V8's
Oh Luke Wright, has he had his one innings of the series yet?
Coz he gets 35 year old plus women's motor running after dinner.
Lawford doing his job to be fair.
The stars are like that festival that you buy tickets to 6 months out and build it up to be the best day ever in your head with the biggest stars, but when the time comes it basically collapses in a mess of spew sun burn and arrogant musos just there to get a pay check, and you are left broken inside.
I reckon that is /u/deffsnotacop
Damn I was really enjoying watching Klinger bat
Watto do me a favour and get bell out please.
That's 4 years legal and 4 years since he thinks he should've been having sex every night.
Gettim tiger
"FUCK YEAH DO I STILL GET $500 OF KFC FOR CATCHIN THIS?"
See absolute star power
You activitied our Lynn card
My only compliant was that over where he tried to slog to much.
Wow Ross with the perfect dig and his teammate couldn't even return.
Budgies 4 lyf
Ah yes let us talk about commentators who are impartial
Why didn't ya catch it ya pussy
Whew
Just submitted a quote for a $600k Reno about 5 min drive from my house. Pls pls pls pls
Awfuck is it raining at the cricket
See I think this would be a skewed statistic coz some of those "rain" days are literally 20 minutes storms lol
Hell nah you could whoop my ass
God it was glorious
Two slips in a t20 opening over is the best sledge you can give without opening your mouth.
Needs more dog
Nah the whole app is fucked lol. Takes like 3 minutes to open on my phone
Why bowl short with no deep midwicket????
The kid can catch il give ya that
WACA is a low scoring ground yeah? Wouldn't wanna chase more than 175 sorta thing.
NATIONAL ROOSTERS LEAGUE
Oh no idea
GET PIERCED
Well shit
Never seen something plug like that outside Sunday park cricket
Ah well I like Pierson, puts the teams scoring rate ahead of his own preservation knowing we've got a solid middle order, good start.
Can't believe Lynn actually cut a few inches off his bat with a circular saw lol
Alright give that to Johnson 3-1
Was used wrong. Brought in at 6 with like 3 overs to go.
Oh McCullum is playing
United States is a good horse pls don't have the same fate.
40 odd average in shield
Fucked Perth about 11 times tonight
Nah this was tagging someone followed by a immature and childish insult
It was just stupid really.
I hope not for BBL purposes
Surely logic comes into it and you forgo lunch for a 10 minute drinks break or something.
Ball is a little bit bigger
I've hit a 12 ball 50 twice.
Buck defending his boy Wade on grandstand lol
Haha yeah that was pretty funny
Just got home from a 12 hour day whew. Go ~~Knights~~ um I don't know actually.
If it was the heat you would've puckered your butt pretty quick, gotta watch out for the bash brothers.
Hahaha that is the most grade cricket thing ever
If it's Lynn or Bmac, yes.
Was Kyle Chalmers created from a growth on Pococks back? He looks like Pocock but if Pocock did boxing.
I went live on Boxing Day for our 10 v 10 drunk t20 game.
Whew
Badree robbed
Just had two porterhouse steaks and some bruschetta. I've got a beer and there is cricket on. Sometimes when the missus goes to night shift it ain't that bad.
Is he injured tho
Playing Perth coz reasons.
That's right I'm Irish now.
[Dreads](http://m.imgur.com/J5SrnCo)
"If I turn around I can't see the umpire give me out"
Yeah I had a feeling the pitch is more suited at shield level where it breaks up fast
If Sok can tie an end up in India he'll get wickets for the other bowlers and I'm ok with that.
And by keeping it tight they'll try to score off Starc/Hazel and even Gaz and that'll create chances
Nah I reckon he'd be a big sweet heart.
Ok fair enough that was closer lol
Haha no idea.
Tubbs are you retarded???
Just got in an uber can someone please get a photo of our hairy fill in?
I'm drunk
Definitely worse than sexual dry spell
He should really know to lift with his legs by now.
Beautiful hit.
Huuuge
103m, might've just got outside the inner circle at the MCG.
Haha Jesus that's a sitter.
Yeah the only people who should be hitting out are those coming in after the 12-14 over mark depending on wickets.
Literally got a bit of curry on it.
The fielding has been fairly comical
Awful bowling, but what a clean hit.
Either of these two known as big hitters? 2 a ball is a difficult task from here.
Yeah admittedly forgot about the whole foreign players thing
Hey you leave our park slogger alone at least he got a good 60 odd one game.
Damn that kid was sassy
I'm starting to think I should keep practicing offies and I might end up in the bbl
It gets the job done.
Short top 5 fielders for sure now with that regulation boundary catch.
Aaron "chop it on" Finch at it again.
Dorsal reports and probably the surf club
He's fairly overrated. Got a lot of holes in his technique.
Haha Jesus christ
My missus is sitting next to me talking to her mother who loves to invite herself over. They are both nurses and talking about penis' and about how some dumb shiela put some blokes old fella facing up when putting a adult pad on him. Never wanted to hear this commentary trio more than right now.
I made a joke about how it's always a good time when its facing up. Disapproving look.
Nerves
Yeah my missus tries to turn on the surgery style shows over tea some times, I'm like ya fucken kiddin
My friend drank a carton of tun and ended up in hospital with stomach lacerations. Not sure if they were related *but* seems awfully convenient.
Oh he's a cricketer wow that is helpful.
First bbl game I ain't watching through. Stupid late start and the pace of this has been awfully dull. Go ~~Knights~~ Gades.
You disgust me.
More like stainedanus
Please that team was god tier club football
I know I played at half time in one game and got a free breaka and admired then like gods.
I think these may be fancy hence the listing. I just can't pick the word
Haha nah talking shit. Hope you did some fitness over the break haha we are into defence 2moro night.
Haha better than most!
Um... What...
Our fielding has been a lot better than past seasons.
T20 I'm pretty sure. Maybe even an ODI? Was 12th man for a test and got injured.
Was wondering if Reardon would be out of form with no actual game time, that was brutal.
Can you cunts just drop a fucken catch wow rude.
Bold move cotton.
Broad just gained the whole of Tasmania as a fan base.
Afternoon gents, it's certainly a touch on the scorching side of the barometer on this sunny Brisbane day. Good show.
It was so hot at work today that I was sweating to the point it was pooling in my sunnies and streaming out. How good is Brisbane.
Maybe it's the dinosaur arms
That's why 95% of painters smoke, as an excuse to have breaks during the day. Shit is fucked.
A vicious circle.
If only
I did see a roo try hop away when I shot it and only part of its head exploded. I was aiming for the torso roughly so yeah I'm not very good.
So I bought fallout 4 for like $48 a while back at target or some shit, played it for 4 hours and basically never played again due to time restraints etc. Sat down yesterday at 8am and decided to play it while other games updated. Turned it off at midnight last night lol. Shit is fun as and so much ground to cover/quests etc. tho gotta be resourceful with ammo as well.
Oh ok that's a good idea.
As in bad good and really bad I suppose? Haha
I'd argue this is worse. Pretty much only a risk to ya self to take pingas but drink driving is a danger to you and everyone else.
Yeah I used to leave mine for around 2.5 weeks from memory, had mine tasting like Sol after a few goes.
So frustrating
Hadn't hit a ball in two months, went out yesterday and just focused on keeping my head still and watching the ball the whole way, sounds simple. 68* off 18. Put the 2nd ball I faced on top of a warehouse next to the ground 90+ metres away. It's good to be back.
Was like 36+ every day last week plus humidity.
This is eggs fight, il give him a while
Tbh those were the best two backyard legends yet. Lego is cool as fuck.
Cheers man il give it a look.
Well duh
Do the Harlem shake
I must say I cannot wait to see how we implode and lose this.
Smith has said he is in no rush to retire, and Cronk being as methodical with his training could have another 2-3 year, I think Thurstons idea is to make the transition easier really. Besides the blues are on the look for a new hooker and 5/8 in the next couple of years as well, plus the halfback rotating door. You've got us in the forwards big time tho.
Can confirm had some Doritos yesterday at 5 and just didn't bother to eat dinner
This is on old Cleveland road, you know just after the round about at stones corner that goes straight to okeffe? They've added that set for the busway and the construction site and it has just fucked everything, if it's bad a 6am when I'm going through imagine it at 7:30-8
It was my first relapse this year, smashed half a packet.
Haha nah I mentioned it below but Coro is fucked to. And cunts who go up the turning lanes and try get back across.
Original dipped in guac
Agreed.
Even better get one who supports the dragons so you can laugh at her.
Offh just
What fielding positions do we even have out?
Shouldn't play outside tour games, good experience
Are you milhouse irl
Thanks punter ya fucken dimwit
Nah kinda guy to take 3 pingas coz he's hard then freak out and go home and sit in the shower for 4 hours fully clothed.
Nah he is a fiend for cloudland on a Saturday
Worst thing ever Christ what a gimmick
Pretty much plus soho and few local bands but you know it's fire like our humidity.
Pattinson needs to shave off those side burns.
Hahaha did you just sit here waiting for this ya cheeky bastard
😎
Fuck that is just straight up disrespectful.
Phwooar big call.
Woah when the field is in no way.
Another good choice.
Damn great little innings
HAHA SIMMSY
I'm not crying you are
Trial shouldn't be to bad, and it's a nice setup.
Wait since when was alexisonfire a teeny band? Dallas green is the songbird of our generation
My brother in law won tickets and is taking his friend instead :(
Yeah I lost 14 hours last weekend to fallout
Is this side missing some speed? Seems a big side.
Sounds pretty delicious. Habanero is one of my favourite chilli style flavours.
Yeah the BO3 campaign was my favourite since WAW and MW2
Come here my bubby little gubby
I'm just here to point out the thumbnail
Ill probably be drunk while watching the heat but il try to remember.
Where's the farkin rolls
Any cows rollers want that next role? I'm just sitting here so if nobody shows il take em but if ya call it fair shake.
*Powderfinger plays*
$15-20
http://imgur.com/SYoSXwI
8 in a row neva4get it cunce
3 named at
Yeah but we lost and I'm sad now
GET HIM UP 'ERE I WANNA BOOF HIM
Burns was robbed of a chance to bat at 6 instead of an all rounder. Fight me.
If you are starting before midday midstrength, after midday anything.
Is reddit fucked for anyone else? I try to click on read unread messages and it tells me to log in on the mobile site but won't load when I log in? Weird.
Pretty much need a wicket in the next 2 overs imo.
Need a hat trick
Yeah but Botha is on strike now
NOOOO CANT DEAL NOOO
Not for lemonade
And a pearler album
Big call haha. I haven't listened to it in ages but it was super disappointing
Yeah love creepin
Both Dumbo songs should've been higher
How good is it haha
Add the xx to a playlist. Play it when you want to do it. Success
Fucken spot on, just move it to a date that's still in summer, feb is devoid of public holidays so put it in there.
Muh right to oppress
How can you hate redbone
Charlie.
I'm so keen to see Federer v Nadal
Surfin is a very good song and one his team wanted to market? By design is a good song to but it wasn't marketed as such, which is why didn't make it.
Patty is a genuinely nice kid, has a good head on his shoulders and a hell of a footy player.
Sending Rochow is brave with his injury history.
When's the first pill bowled
shaaaawt son
I *believe.*
Can someone lower that net an inch please.
Gotta love a cross sub inside joke
See if you don't have work that would suit almost better.
That's what I'm getting at here. It's like cool. For now. We better win it.
That's it. I believe he sells the little screw drivers and spare parts.
Get yourself a nice beer to celebrate?
No :(
Ich liebe hessmeister
Dragons and eels have big Brisbane/GC supporter bases.
See I have next to no control of my drive but my short game normally saves me. If I didn't slice it so hard all the time I'd hit way further to.
Time for a fusion dance.
That was Saturday. Though I did drink til 7am Sunday.
Smart bet
How good is Qld winter. Just a bit chilly in the morning before it heats right up again during the day. Off to NZ next March, what should I do?
Eclairs are a classic look better than they taste kinda food.
I dream of being a house husband. Me and my dogs.
Excellent news.
That was opportunistic
Maybe we could just use him off the bench? Idk I don't want to lose him for the rest of the season just coz he wants to prove his fitness for origin.
Hmm you are right.
Good times great hits all time classics.
Blake green or D walks FT, Martin Taupau anytime. Go night but.
Hey is this bonjours grandad? That's awesome.
Nah I like heaps of shit and a lot of rap but I just can't get around that style of trash.
I have not. Haven't seen much founders up this way to be honest.
Which shark missed that tackle on felise?
Bring in the guillotine
I realised in my last game of footy I've become a hypocrite, I've always been annoyed at incorrect play the balls, but we got a try last week directly off my Fifi style speed tunnel ball. What have I become?
Croker or mansour first try I lost all my money on horses
[Halftime reddit users](https://imgur.com/a/ja3Ux)
Done
NSFW stands
I haven't been to bed yet
You hug me and il hug back
Defence I manage fine, they just nailed me like each time I ran on the weekend haha. Got me good with a shoulder charge to.
This week he was better but in general he's been down.
Yeah not sure what Tui has done to fall so far down the list.
&gt; a couple. I mean it was 1 year.
Hess does that well but need starting guys to be there.
Didnt they release him? I reckon he is NRL standard, just needs a good crack at it.
I should know this stuff as the dux of religion in my grade lol.
Fuck Zelda may be one of the best games I've ever played.
Wolfpacks halves is there strong point at the moment, seems odd.
Yeah I reckon given a decent shot he could hold down a spot in first grade.
Really? Isn't he just quite young
He's got a bit of praise lately, potential but expect him to kick on a bit soon.
We have young halves coming through who I rate so I worry he takes there spot and they leave.
Is zillman wearing his rugby union socks lol.
Titans 10.5+ and over 38 was $3.95
Beautiful cut out ball
Doggos can't leave the backyard at night silly.
Titans will win.
Probably made him do all the work at the breakdown.
No it's my favourite
go ~~knights~~ shark
Haha fuck I hope this is the real story.
Looking sharp.
Haha yeah
His kicking game is very good so I think he's trying to commit defenders.
Wow
Yes. Uses his chin like a lever.
Ouchiewawa
What's it look like? Il keep an eye out.
I love beer and can drink it for an entire session, used to change to spirits when I was younger but just punish beers til the morning now.
Nah getting shoulder charged by 110kg plus islanders is my main issue.
My brother in law shaves his pits, reckons it helps.
Just hope we can keep butt, looks promising.
No doubt a direct result of a goanna wrestle gone wrong.
Haha this was my last haircut to.
Has Seggy got injured or been doing naughty stuff again?
It's actually fucked how expensive they are up here now.
That looked to easy. Not confident
Eat shit Hayne you bottled it you egotistical fuck
I mean he fucked it completely
Where's the score and clock 9 you cock smokers.
It's just wrong that NSW can replace woods and Fifi with klemmer and Jurbo. Stop being greedy.
How is that not a second effort? He lifts him off the ground when he had stopped? The refs have lost control both ways.
Basically, and if he's good go they can swap him with bird for free.
lol convienient teddy is fine.
Fuck off boyd
I'm getting flash backs
They missed almost identical shit for both sides, the only field position we got gifted were off two correct strip calls, which generally could go either way.
He's improving with each stint.
Coopers defence was crucial when we were getting fisted in the first 60, every other cunt was falling off.
Haven't given it yet but McGuire Gagai Smith Napa and Cooper all contenders.
We were the worse team by far. I've never seen us defend so poorly since I was a wee lad. I'm not used to being so off the pace.
Ah auto correct lol
Oh yeah if Wests throw 500k at him they are insane.
Y
You are forgetting the butt
Why are the horse sending an SOS?
Go Warrington
Gave himself up by trying to get it down again. Cmon charnze
Are u insane?
No idea why Kev didn't bring him back on.
SWEEEEET CAROLINE!
Paul rahiuhi
NRL keeping the Warriors down.
Ah I think it was Roache who I was thinking of. Erin is an unfortunate name for a bloke.
Yeah maybe he is and I got confused when they called him a NZ hooker
Gavet maumalo and manners tho, and SJ
Coz he tied down that fro
Lol Jesus. They are touring here soon.
Yeah I'm certain
Hell yeah I remember on school holidays everyone getting online and play search and destroy and domination on MW2, then around 1am starting up a game of zombies. I think our highest was 93 on the one with the swamp outside.
You still up this way eh pesto? Was thinking of taking the missus up for her birthday next week
Has been electric for sunny coast, fuck he is quick.
He's a goober, can't stand him. Pretty sure I remember him once talking about how he prefers Union anyway.
Got my whole order refunded haha.
They said there was a mistake and refunded my whole $67 order
That light Lowe had to kick into was blinding.
Follow my aura young one.
I think it was a new item to the deliveroo and they just didn't know how to serve it lol.
Not wrong, same with some of his long balls, I remember a 3 man cut out in origin one yeah that looked for all money that it would be a short ball and it was pin point accurate, Darius? I think it was,didn't even need to look to his inside just stuck his hands out and bang.
I fixed your flair Jez
Yeah was going to say great idea but why shaft it with that slot.
That was a beautiful little dummy and pass by the feendog
Y? Was just poor defence reads.
whoever that was engaged Fitzgibbon by wrapping around him.
God I hope it was feeney
Name a better hattrick by a Newcastle legend il wait.
Meme MacDonald
That was potentially sin bin-able
Feendog 😡
Runs a good line and can break a tackle, but hands like god damn feet.
Taupau on Fifi could be a ripper.
That's sin bin territory purposely holding the tackle like that.
Almost as much dropped ball as AFL
I think he is worse now he has protection.
That is the single greatest intercept of this decade! I LOVE YOU LUKE!
Exactly. Those 6pm games should have like $15-20 tickets to encourage people to go, same with Thursday games. Sydney should really have the ability to have double headers rather frequently with the plethora of teams using the same or nearby ground, stick two games on one after another and do a family pass for a fixed price and reasonable for adult tickets and you get bigger crowds straight away.
How's that ad they are running at the moment to make coal seem like it's all flowers and friendly.
Alcohol and painkillers
I dunno that he's been playing enough footy lately. Plus decider would be fucked for a debut.
Footy and work I suppose, which require lifting big heavy beams etc. My chest/arms/core is the aim, my leg strength is pretty good but I want to start with upper body first.
Haha I dont mean not do legs but like I am a lot stronger in my legs already.
It just appears like the church was a front for pedophila in a way with how many of the higher ups are involved and case after case appearing so regularly.
That's wicked man.
I re played my ps1 version a month back and it's actually quite hard.
So many cheap games on the PS store right now, so tempting. Have an issue at the moment, going to NZ with the missus on a holiday in March which is good, but the boys wanna go to octoberfest and she feels it’s unfair I get to go when she doesn’t, but her line of work won’t likely give her the time off anyway. Am I in the wrong here? I even suggested if she comes over for half the trip or something? I don’t wanna be guilted into missing the trip but I do feel bad.
🚨🚨🚨 On topic 3 hour ban
Go to augellos for lunch
Cost me like $250 a day to drink at the mcg
Anyone here been to yatala drive ins? Thinking of going haven’t been since you soldiers was in the cinemas. Can you just takes heaps of your own food in? What about beers?
He showed enough last year for a young prop, whether he has the forward pack around him to go better will be interesting.
Bucks weekend this weekend for my best mate that I’ve organised, go karts and strippers 2moro, races and strippers Saturday, followed by a pub crawl and barefoot bowls Sunday before superbowl Monday. Should be grouse.
Haha Stradbroke race day
“Do you have my teeth?” No...
Tell your son if he does that to me again I’ll wreck his shit.
Genuinely one of my favourite games ever. Remember watching it before going out for a mates 21st.
So my internet dropped to .4mbs last week with no explanation. Ring Telstra/Foxtel, they test it and do all the usual shit. Decide they need a technician. Here’s the kicker, if he comes out and it turns out it’s not entirely there fault, il be charged a $90 call out fee and $45 for every 15 minutes he is there. This is despite them not providing the minimum speed for my area (which is only 3.4mbs wtf) and admitting so. I’m only 3km from the exchange so feel like I’m being jipped regardless.
Nasir instead.
Thanks!
Hey I play. Also you didn’t message us. Also why isn’t this on tv.
Lmao Munster
Turbo well out of position
Awful Bhunt
Hunt clearly can’t cope with with big games, coz he fucken imploded tonight. I’d like to see DCE get another run. Munster needs some variation in his game. Fuck I wish there was a way to start Arrow, he hits like a truck on defence, makes good metres and has an offload in him. Chambers just needs to be told to run, take his kicking licence. Everyone else I feel played fine. McCullough does his job but I feel like he struggles to engage the markers, a bit predictable? Napa was good on defence and his runs had good mungrel, but we need a metre eating prop next to him, Wallace has been very average, barely saw him and felt like he ran 3-4 times total again. Might need to be dropped so that he aims up. There isn’t much between the two teams atm, but I feel like this NSW squad is going to get better and better with the amount of youth in the side. Well done to them.
Tbf I wanted him to start the series for this reason.
For everyone good discussion there is probably 25 terrible discussion posts.
Won tickets to the bbq festival on this weekend in Brisbane. Cool cool cool cool cool.
I mean it’s a HSP up here, you uncouth swine.
Yeah hsp though the idea of you smashing custard was funnier.
It’s the first day of the test series and I am at full mast.
I have about 10+ ideas but not sure where/what exactly so far. I want a shark in some capacity but can’t find an artist who can do it how I want in my head.
Oooo fuck yeah some good shit.
Chico would’ve been the best option surely.
Lol who are these cunts and how are they always in high up positions. Have they considered not just groping everybody???
I’m scared of getting back into it, shit consumed my life from 11-18.
Stoin is living off that innings of 148 like nothing else.
Neat.
God dam beat me by a minute haha
$90 is still good. I paid $118 2 years ago and $110 in 2005
Hahahah friendly fire!
Fuck all ya’ll who said Hunt is a better 9 than Mahoney.
5th tackle penalty uuuughhhh
Bhunt recovered well but I’m still unsold on the idea. Rest agree.
Nah you don’t put this poor cunt into a decider, just to take all the heat once again. Stick with Walker and just get him and latrell to work together all week on defence, Latrell being well off his game clearly created the defensive issues we saw between them. Reynolds in for Cleary would concern me more.
He’s out for 6 weeks. NSW are cowards if they pick a kid who begged and pleaded for Qld.
If Pearce did those exact things he’d have been executed by the media and sent to Nauru.
Cleary first 3 kicks all went straight to hand and in the 2nd half Cook took over most the kicking.
I’ll have a look, still think you are under playing Pongas part haha.
And Reynolds short kicking game is pretty great, lots of repeat sets/attacking chances.
Wrong way of putting it, more a must win for them haha.
Khunt style kick return.
He’s my favourite pom
He played up the theatrics.
Dat Ipswich footy life.
That offload is *kisses fingers* mwah.
It would be a wild ride.
Chicken feet are tasty.
It was just a banana! It was a prank bro!
I’ve done heaps tonight. So many new accounts full of rage and racism.
I got raiders 13+ @ 4.10
Yes but in another way, no.
Not with those weak bones filled with jam.
I don’t rate him at all, high error rate and very overrated, he’s barely NSW cup standard. And whilst Kahu is mediocre he fits into the team better. Plus I’d rather as go after Drinkwater then settle for other teams scraps.
A bit of Neil Henry, good eye for talent and recruitment, maybe can’t get the results on field that he wants.
Same but upgraded to Bateman
40m gained and 30 tackles with 4 misses. He’s still serviceable but I hope he retires this year.
Haha fuck I got spastic blind on that shit when I was like 17. Worst heartburn ever.
Charli no
Kennar is THICC
Caught at 3rd slip.
Haha fucken Maloney just coming in and giving Manu a hug.
In Australia you could get it for free with a controller for a while haha.
If we finish in 9th/10th this game will be the one that haunts me. Could’ve shut it out but just fell apart through injury and everything else late.
Used to have a team in japan *
Literally all fair game, sharks pen.
So the same turn up for a dead rubber to a live game, so same commitment.
Please tell me you aren’t talking about fifi belting Sezer fair and square.
Ah missed that haha
How you just gonna slag off grinspoon and the merc!
I’d hope so seeing as everyone is meant to have one. Even two!
Throw in Alex Glenn as captain and somehow get Napa and Cookies got a solid team.
I’m gonna get blazed as and go watch it with all my fully grown adult mates haha.
I dunno if the pass was on tbh.
Always what’s funny about qld, our top side is strong but a few injuries and were nearly searching q cup for players.
Why aren’t any of them playing? Nrl clubs wouldn’t release?
Where’s my boy bricks
Warm weather of the GC will be good for his old bones and joints, couple of surf sessions and he’ll be back to himself #saltwater healer
Eh.
Supposedly
Refs generally set the tone early with what they will penalise and let go, so teams adjust.
Opens is great fun generally, bottom division can be hit or miss coz you get a mix of guys having fun and cunts who still think they got it but also guys who thought they signed up for UFC.
Lolo for number 7.
Cobra chilli is good.
Cows should be about 5%, swear we lose to the dragons every year.
Pussy.
Mate of mine mentioned the Brisbane coach hasn’t been happy with Brittany’s form for Ipswich and wasn’t in a rush to sign her. Reckon he’ll regret it, she is a step above most other hookers I’ve seen in the women’s comp.
Cricket (all cricket from grade to international), EPL, NFL, NBA. Have supported Liverpool since I was like 5 years old, very exciting side to watch and fingers crossed. I picked Bucs in NFL coz pirates are cool, bucs not so much. Pretty much follow players and will watch a game if it’s on in NBA, not invested in a side. Do go watch the brisbane bullets every now and then.
Rookie season, and the only hype is extended origin squads coz we have no props. Marker defence can be taught.
Completely forgot AJ existed lol. Depends if they want Latrell as well. Can’t just chop your worst for better players.
Here I go, killing again.
Bananas
Except he doesn’t want to play wing and thinks he’s a fullback.
If Hasler can work his magic and get Levi to be consistent and better at picking when to run and when to pass it could be great for him.
Nrl players can have a little cocaine, as a treat.
Eh as good as some of the brisbane forwards can be they clearly lacked some leadership on field last year so I think it’s a move in the right direction.
Storms fans post Smith might be worse than brisbane fans post Lockyer based on the overreactions so far.
For once hopefully no changes, though could cop seeing Wright starting for Dunn. Dunn looked a bit off the pace in attack, wonder if he’d benefit from coming off the bench. No reason to rush Cooper back at least with two solid options.
Yeah first game back like that could be hard to get up for a big game so soon.
Brisbane cannot get any rooster on there back and it’s killing them with the speed roosters are getting off the mark.
Is it first grade tho kevy
Siebold is an idiot if he doesn’t hook Boyd and give Tesi some match experience 2nd half.
Bruh not A defender on the blind side and markers flat footed. This is basic footy shit.
There’s about 6 players difference to those two games haha
Lol did I just hear coffin dance?
Warriors get some good ball we could see a bit of a fight back, felt like panthers got the bounce of the ball a bit there.
Shit day at golf, average day on the punt, good game of footy? Let’s hope.
Commentators underselling Marsters work there imo. Still shit D but Marsters ran a solid decoy and great face ball.
Is the bunker bloke on the turps? Can’t string a sentence together.
Bone bruising. Probably from carrying us.
I thought try haha
Old man coops holding his own in D
Woah huge!
Has there been more full penalties this game then every game total since the restart.
Poor Woods wanted a breather and had to run.
The amount of times a proper winger could’ve run when Hampton goes back in ugh.
Why no challenge?
Relevant username
A team based out of Ipswich would probably work best as it is basically it’s own little city and you have areas like Toowoomba, Warwick etc within an hours drive. There’s a couple of indigenous sides in the opens comp up here already with decent followings for the grade of footy who I dare say would contribute fans and also possibly create a pathway from juniors to the new club.
Bit like the cows, if they had games against lower drawing teams at Toowoomba you’d get people from 5+ hours away.
Watching the dragons I honestly think the players are largely to blame. Frizzel is entering Gagai territory in terms of club form to origin, Norman looks like he tried to get more involved only to actively stop Clune from doing so, and the other rep level forwards appear to be doing enough to get by, playing as if they want McGregor sacked. Players of the calibre, largely in the forwards/halves, shouldn’t need a mastermind coach to tell them what to do. They are mostly established first graders and rep players who should be leading by example. I think Friz is already at newy, Vaughan has regressed, whilst a good player McInnes lacks attacking direction/threat, Hunts confidence is shot because he cops 90% of the blame and the rest are just turning up to get paid. After one of the dogs tries it showed the dragons just all standing around, no huddle, no talk, no leadership. The problems go deeper than Mary and with the announcement he won’t be sacked it’ll be interesting to see if the players change their tune, but I doubt it.
Lynn was also a massive rum drinker when I ran into him haha. Renouf froths a beer and a punt. Watch him hit on my mum once after an origin game and I don’t think my old man who is a tragic broncos fan has been more proud 😂
I would also enjoy being able to smoke a tinnie at the footy.
Brisbane have to improve, can’t get worse surely? Manly you would think are probably gonna come out hot, fired up after last week. Suli to run over top of Boyd FT and leave an actual boot imprint on his chest. Had a feeling about Keppie scoring so got some money on him and multid him anytime with Suli and Garrick. Also did a huge multi with Garrick double, Suli, DCE, Herbie anytime into a couple of afl blokes to kick a goal.
That was a filthy little grubber
Show us the fanger
20 for Manly going to have actual nightmares of Coates
Lol cmon that’s crap.
We are all old now.
This enormous man will devour us all!
I reckon he’ll be a young matty Bowen or faster than Ben Barba more likely on the call.
That’s crap
My husband has been filling me up with huge cummies.
Old man had a story about how a coach made them all watch rocky movies before a semi finals repetitively to fire them up for a big semi. One of the props apparently just decked a bloke first run, got sent and they lost by like 30 points hahaha.
One of your best.
Neat little kick.
Bitta claret
Roosters 1% possession from the charge down
I’m seeing double here, 4 Morri!
Roosters looked rattled, fullback executed on live tv, then bam hit back instantly. Insane.
That was Anthony watts
There is a post like this once a week in these threads following the exact same format. What’s your angle punk?!
Or sign him for 4 more years and refuse to drop him broncos style.
Roger roger.
Opacic has to stay centre pls such a better link player.
Captains challenge surely
First of many hopefully for the hammer
10,000 iq offload
