Ok, last time... I never said his opinion is invalid. I said his opinion that as many people prefer HMD direction as controller direction is wrong. Not that his preference is wrong, that his guess is wrong. Sample size is small because we’ve done these polls here lots of times. Only so many times people like to answer the same question. Lastly, you are also wrong in your assumption that most people can’t handle artificial locomotion. It’s blindingly obvious to me that I’m dealing with someone new to VR but instead of learning from those who have been here for a while you keep making wrong assumptions. I’m not going to make another poll just for you but countless polls here have shown that over 70% of the people get used to smooth locomotion and suffer no ill effects from playing artificial movement games indefinitely.
Quite a lot of us have gotten quite used to VR movement of any sort... from Windlands to top speed in Serious Sam to rollercoasters. I'm absolutely ready to give it a try. I think launch pads would be super fun in VR.
Yeah... I was thrilled to play the demo and the teleportation mechanic was neat. A year later and I can't remember the last time I bought a game where teleportation is the only method of locomotion. Curious to see reviews where as a year and a half ago I would've bought in a heartbeat,
If I can get any sort of cash for it, absolutely not... don't have my old Nokia either.
Like a bunch of others I'm interested but it depends on how much they want and what is known about Pimax by the time it comes out. If they figured out their frame rate issues and can deliver a 200 FOV better resolution HMD then I'll be saying goodbye to HTC. If they don't make it then I'll be looking at Vive Pro.
Have you tried both controllers? I've played a decent chunk of time with a friend's Touch controllers and I honestly vastly prefer the Vive controllers. As far as the HMD I'd wait for the Pro if I were in your shoes.
Tried that. I literally see no difference whatsoever from the smallest to largest IPD.
It is certainly playable... not to the same level as servers like Nornia that are VR-optimized but it works well enough. For example you have to use trigger to attack in Wynncraft as opposed to swinging your sword on a server that is running a VR plugin.
Pretty much every hands-on/review I've seen has said it's a very noticeable bump up in resolution.
Sounds like an Amazon screw up that really shouldn't put you off AS. I'd highly recommend buying it on Steam. It's an awesome game that shouldn't be passed over by any fan of the genre. That said, Brookhaven Experiment is quite fun but I vastly prefer Arizona Sunshine.
I'm concerned about conflicting reports... some people keep talking about distortion and tracking issues, others claim neither is a problem. Yes I'm sure the huge FOV is fantastic but the basics of great tracking and smooth frames needs to be there for me to bite.
Pimax has the resolution to match the Pro (or exceed for 8K), that's not the concern. The lens distortion, tracking issues, and frame rate issues ARE concerns. I absolutely hope Pimax can deliver but I'll wait for the consumer version to be in the hands of many people and wait for their reports.
Advantage? Yes. Unfair? No. Do people have an "unfair" advantage when they're using a better graphics card?
I did one .ini mass copy paste... oh the horror! I had to spend 5 minutes to enjoy a game for 100+ hours. The humanity!
Now go back and beat it on Apocalyptic...
If the price is reasonable I'll try this for my kid.
I don't have enough imagination to enjoy it... tried for a while, build some basic stuff, kill the same few mobs and get bored =(.
Eye-tracking that leads to foveated rendering that leads do much more detailed worlds/better graphics.
And thus, stay with me too, have different opinions. If I have to leave ammo because I can't carry it due to maxxing out, I call that plentiful.
If you waited this long, at this point I'd wait a bit more and see what the reviews of Pimax and cost of Vive Pro come out to be.
I don't think there's a way it's more than $499. I'm thinking $399 for HMD only.
You left out the one that's been the most populated competitive shooter for over a year - Onward.
You should reconsider the aversion especially for multiplayer games. Certainly don't buy if you think what's available NOW is not worth the current asking price of game, that makes sense. But if for example you waited a year before jumping into Onward because of an Early Access tag, you're asking to be disappointed as the game will be less newbie friendly.
The whole VR scene has problems... if you wait for multiplayer games to leave EA before you buy you will likely miss out on great content. For example, I bought Stand Out for $15. Easily best $15 I spent in the last year. I've gotten at least 15 hours of the best gaming experience in the last 5+ years, I love it. Sadly the VR scene is tiny and fractured, I wouldn't be shocked if like many others the game doesn't do well long term. Did I have WAY more than $15 worth of fun with it ALREADY though? Hell freaking yes. So any more is just icing on the cake.
Granted I haven't tried this yet (but will this weekend)... I plan on getting this for my kid. I think the main selling point here is immersion.
A few things - Stand Out has a much bigger map which to me is essential in a game like this, I think the graphics are significantly better in Stand Out. I'm sorry but BAM map looks quite terrible to me. The playerbase is generally 3-5+ times bigger. More players per match. Not to mention that I know every person in Stand Out is playing Battle Royale mode while it's only a portion of a rather tiny BAM playerbase.
It registers 100% of the time for me, quite literally. You press both simultaneously?
That varies HUGELY on the game. I think vast majority of VR bow games I've played (QuiVR/Holopoint/Twisted Arrow) are quite the opposite of what you say - the arrows go further and straighter than an average RL bow. On the other extreme is Karnage Chronicles where it feels like the arrow should travel further without dropping so much.
Are you going for humor or is this really what you got from that video? I'm not a fan of Facebook but come on...
Too many reports on wireless point to it not being ready yet (some people noticed a dropped in quality, some latency). Don't get too hyped just yet, leads to disappointment.
I'd much rather move on to a new game if there are no humans. For example - I had a GREAT time in Hover Junkers. Sadly the players have left. If they added bots to HJ, would I bother playing it? No... I'd keep playing Onward/Stand Out instead. Bots are boring.
If it has a player base you don’t need bots...
Compared to real PUBG? Yes terrible like in every other VR game. Please give me a MP game with better graphics that has anywhere NEAR the map size/player count? There ain't one. Definitely WAY better than the other option for BR (BAM).
It doesn't need 100 people, it's about 30 people per match. Half of the people are dead within the first few minutes. I've never waited longer than 4 minutes for a round and generally it's about 2 mins. I've played during US peak time when games start nearly immediately, I've also played at 5am when the wait time is about 4 mins. Allegedly there are bots too but I don't think I've had the pleasure of playing with them, at least it was never obvious.
I need to give it another shot... haven't tried it since when it first emerged from Alpha. Back then I didn't care for the weapon balance. Felt like I could empty an entire clip into someone from nearly point blank and they lived. I hear they worked on the netcode and that's gone but haven't had the desire to go back. Weapons felt floaty and just off somehow. Went back to Onward and haven't looked back until switching to primarily Stand Out now. Guess I might as well try it since it's sitting in my library unused for over a year.
Well there’s no point to developing an MP game when player base leaves like with Art of Fight. Like that VR Warfighter dev that has been adjusting his game for way over a year - why. There were never players and there won’t be even if he makes the most amazing game. On Stand Out, I already got more than 25 hours of playtime which already made it way worth the asking price and it’s currently the game I play the most.
I'm not sure what you mean by mechanics/responsiveness... you pick up a gun, it immediately picks up. You aim and press the trigger, it fires where you aim. You move it around, it moves. Stand Out highlights the interactive pieces of the gun which makes it newbie friendly. I don't love the way the under barrel gun looks on a number of Stand Out models, that's my only gripe with guns. On the other hand it has areas where it surpassed Onward/Pavlov etc - you can grab guns from other people's inventory or right out of their hands. I've gotten several kills this way and it feels amazing. The inventory system of letting you put guns/mags/meds anywhere on your body is also awesome. I don't have to find just the right bubble to stick my items and can arrange them any way I want.
MUCH larger danger is someone will swing and hit the controller on something (wall/TV etc), not that they're going to let go of the controller.
According a post above both options are present.
Sold, I'll go download this right now.
I've been using mine for about a year, I adore it. More FOV, bigger sweet spot, easier to keep clean. I don't have any eye strain with it though so if that happens I wouldn't expect to adjust to it.
I feel precisely the opposite =) After sitting on my ass all day at work I'm loving the fact that most Vive games are active. I don't want to sit during my hobby time too.
It's not an investment as it's not something I expected to go up in value. Also worth is an extremely subjective thing - some people have far more disposable income than others. For me personally? One week would've been worth it easily. A week of vacation costs far more than $800 and leaves way less pleasant memories than my first week with the Vive. If the only game on the Vive was Space Pirate Trainer it would've been worth it to me. Luckily it has FAR more and for the last nearly two years 95% of my gaming time has been on the Vive. I can't go back to monitor shooters anymore after experiencing VR.
I think first week was a lot of Space Pirate Traininer, The Lab, Hover Junkers, Holopoint, Audioshield, Vanishing Realms. Now I primarily play multiplayer shooters (Onward/Stand Out) and Fallout 4 though I still love to go back to Arizona Sunshine, Karnage Chronicles, SPT, etc.
I don't think you get increased sharpness by moving lenses further away. You're sacrificing FOV for not scratching the lenses with your glasses but that's about it... if you don't have glasses I don't see the point in moving lenses further away.
D
You play it standing with a controller. Not sitting down with a mouse. Solves 95% of your issues immediately. Oh no I'm not in the pod! Take a step to the side. Down, move on.
Butter smooth my ass
Your computer is the chosen one’! You alone are able to play this without reprojection. On a card that’s several years old. Or perhaps you’re a bit clueless and don’t realize what butter smooth is. When you think you alone are the sane one that’s a clue that you’re insane.
You don't have to do it... I spent perhaps 5 minutes doing a few copy pastes from a thread. Oh noes! Not 5 minutes of effort for a 100 hour game! Not to mention you really can just play it straight out of the box with NO changes.
Glad we agree then :)
You don’t have to install any mods. I literally copy pasted things into two .ini files primarily to lower shadows and such.
I’m comfortable with 40-50% reprojection... but at the same time I won’t call it butter smooth. Butter smooth is no reprojection.
Good call he gets a lot of tips...
It’s not essential... I don’t have it installed and I’ve played for dozens of hours. It may be a big improvement but if you don’t want to do mods you don’t have to.
Don’t think so. I’m glad they’re letting us buy just the HMD as is.
I didn't have any but have seen a number of posts from people who experienced this over my time in this subreddit.
That’s a huge part of it no doubt
All Tesla cars were switched to "vegan leather" a couple of years ago...
Yes that’s what Tesla should spend cash on... perhaps they should also provide you with entertainment while you wait? Maybe hire stand up comedians or cirque du soleil folks to perform? SMH
Yeah drive in movies have been booming in popularity
I just want an apple watch app to be able to unlock the Model 3 instead of having to have the phone with me when going for a run...
Obviously not cool but after all the stories we heard here I’m surprised anyone would get rid of their car until they take delivery. So many others have had delays or issues at delivery where they refused delivery due to an issue they found at walk-through... It’s not how it should be but we have to face reality and deal with the cards we have rather than how it ought to be at the moment.
You're absolutely right, no point in yelling at people. Comments like your last sentence do scare me a bit... why are you there a lot? I really don't want a personal relationship with my service center. I'd love to not see them for years at a time ideally. Perhaps I've been spoiled by my prior cars... I've had 2 cars in the last 19 years and neither of them have ever needed anything besides gas, oil, tires, and brakes. They've never been back to the dealership for anything.
Username checks out
You're kidding... it services two rather huge purposes in my mind - 1) It lets me easily see what's around me by quickly taking a look at the screen rather than having to physically look around me in all directions. 2) It gives me additional confidence in autopilot if I can see what it thinks it sees and agree with it.
Sounds like you weren't using it on the freeway, correct? They'll let you use it on smaller streets but they specifically told you it's not ready for that so it's on YOU to watch the road. The current software will NOT handle a lot of the small road issues and you need to have full attention and turn it off when you get to problem areas (huge turns, lights, stop signs, etc).
The mirrors are either not properly aligned, you didn't look far enough behind you, or you took way too long between when you looked and when you moved. Unless you're going 20 miles an hour and a motorcycle is flying 100 miles an hour or something crazy like that. You should look and immediately make your move if coast is clear.
If you're in a teeny tiny minority of drivers that at all times are checking ALL around your vehicle, good for you. I don't think the vast majority are always looking 360 degrees around themselves. I think doing that on the screen will be MUCH faster and easier than having to check at least four separate angles for the same information. Oh and yes, I do want the ability to see what autopilot thinks it sees. To me this is one rather sizeable advantage of Autopilot vs competitors like Super Cruise.
Looks great! I’m not a fan of the wood look so will definitely look for something similar. Probably something for the center console too.
Not a concern of mine... I'm much more concerned about having to sit through a mass presentation. Thank you, I've looked at plenty of videos of exactly how the car works. They should just send out videos to people to go over everything in detail and give just the very basics during the actual presentation IMHO.
Perhaps the other two posts asking the same thing would be enough?
This will sound paranoid but what can you tell me about how safe my login/password for the Tesla account info is if I were to use this app?
You can always send $3,000 as additional principal payment at any point in time if you want to not pay interest on it.
Don’t think we have concrete data. You’re close to correct, if they do not sell 200k cars in US until July 1, the 50% reduction of the credit would start Jan 1 of 2019 (not Jan 31 as you have it). Then it would go down to 25% of the credit on July 1, 2019 and to zero on Dec 31 of 2019.
Beat Saber isn't allowing users to "effectively pirate the songs"... the songs have to be downloaded by the user and then played in Beat Saber. By that logic you could say VLC would be held accountable because it enables people to pirate videos (except it doesn't... same as Beat Saber, you have to download pirated videos FIRST). I'm aware that you're able to download songs straight from Beat Saber interface but you have to mod it first.
They've outright said they have no plans for any VR content not that long ago. While I'm a fan of CDPR's work and a fan of VR this doesn't seem like the right place for this trailer...
I'd say at MOST the mod that allows you to download songs from inside Beat Saber might get whacked. That wouldn't be a huge deal. The game comes with ability to play custom files, surely just a level editor would NOT be shut down, that would be insanity. So people share custom levels... specific websites that do that might get shut down but peer to peer sharing is still around.
In our lifetime? I'm betting in 30 years it'll be EXTREMELY uncommon except for tracks and other areas specifically designated for it. I can't imagine humans will be more than 1% of the drivers on the roads in 30 years.
With not using a seat belt you’re endangering YOUR life. By being a human driver, you’re endangering the kids of the congressmen who make the laws. See the difference? Plus come on, what percentage of cars currently on the road don’t have seat belts? Definitely FAR under 1% unless you’re in some super back of the woods middle of no where.
Who said anything about a new car every year? You sound like a Luddite so I'm a bit surprised to find you on these forums but hey it's the internet I guess. I strongly believe that in no more than a decade we will have self driving cars that are VASTLY safer than human drivers. At that point anyone (including you) driving a non-self driving car WILL be endangering people compared to a computer driving you. I love the "I'm not endangering anyone"... have you seen how many thousands of people get killed due to bad judgement of human drivers every year?
I’ll throw the strawman right back at you :) so you say cars without seatbelts are still legal. OLD cars are, new cars don’t come with them. The actual number of cars without seat belts on the road is so close to zero that it’s effectively zero. I’m saying that’s how it’ll be with non-FSD cars in 30 years.
You're REALLY splitting hairs IMHO =) My point was that I believe in 30 years, for most of the developed world the percentage of cars that are self driving will be well over 99%. The legality of outlawing old clunkers that almost nobody will have is to me irrelevant. That's if people really even own cars in 30 years... which is a whole other debate. Oh and btw that wasn’t my statement you quoted :) I didn’t mention sunsetting
Ah except for you quoted someone other than me =) I just said that it would be extremely uncommon to see non-FSD cars except for in specifically designated tracks and such.
Yeah as an option that sounds great. Doubt I’d use it but would be neat if I park in a sketchy area.
and I have to do this every 30 seconds? Erm... if this is what it takes I might as well not buy autopilot.
OP's picture is precisely how I've been driving for 20+ years... at one point the right hand was used for manual transmission. A lot of people use left hand to drive who had a manual or those that smoke/used to smoke. As long as a person is firmly holding the wheel, it needs to not ask me to put my hands on the wheel. Clearly the system is not designed well at the moment.
That hasn't been confirmed via new invites NOT going to owners placing orders now, correct? Only by Tesla reps which may or may not really know what's going on. Unless I missed something, the latest invites still included owner priority invites and we need a new round to know for sure.
Oh what perfect timing!
I'd never do that myself but I have to admit I would get a smirk out of it if someone did scratch it.
I don't think this is happening but for me and I bet a TON of other people, service would be a MUCH bigger concern than supercharger network. You can always just rent a car when you're going on a roadtrip... not being able to service your daily driver is on a completely different level.
Now it does... it didn’t when the comment was written, welcome to a month old thread man.
What I don’t get is why most people need snow they cable... unless I’m going on a road trip (a couple times a year tops), I don’t see the need for having the cable in the car.
I don’t carry a fire extinguisher, a snake bite kit, a flotation device or anything else that might possibly come in handy once in a VERY VERY odd situation. For a daily driver, I’ll have a ton of extra range. If I’m running out of juice due to some insanely unforeseen catastrophe, I’d charge at either a supercharger or a store which are plentiful. In worst case scenario I’d be able to either have someone bring me a cable or Uber home for it but again odds of me needing it seem fairly close to odds of winning the lottery. Perhaps if I live in a super rural area and my commute comes close to needing full charge... but then I wouldn’t be getting an electric car. I’m sorry I just don’t see the need.
I don’t know what fobs you had but my plain ole Nissan doesn’t require any hassle to use the fob. As in it stays in my pocket, I just touch the door and it opens. Zero hassle. Granted the phone hopefully will be close to that but fishing out the phone and turning Bluetooth on/off is most definitely more of a hassle. If I have to walk to driver side to put in my kid that’s definitely a significant hassle every single day. Hope that’s not the case and I can unlock on passenger side too.
Again, why would you be trying to get a key out with the kid and his things? My fob stays in my pants and never comes out... if they let me open from passenger side then yes it’d be an improvement.
Key INSIDE the plant...
You need a serious lesson in reading comprehension. Nearly every person who has complained about nagging mentioned that they’re HOLDING the wheel when the nags come. Clearly the system to detect driver hands isn’t well designed at the moment. If I’m holding the wheel, I shouldn’t receive a message asking me to hold the wheel. I shouldn’t have to make slight movements of the wheel to tell the system I’m holding it. I shouldn’t have to hold it in a specific way on specific spots. Anyone saying otherwise has drunk FAR too much Koolaid and is doing a disservice.
That is not where I normally hold the wheel. Having to hold it in specific places points at a badly designed system. It’s just as bad as Apple telling people they’re holding the phone wrong when 4s were having reception issues.
You may take a look in the mirror... kind of coming off as one yourself
He also said he’s always been bad with time and always underestimated how long things take his entire life. I honestly would be VERY surprised if a reservation made now even going for first production (RWD LR with PUP) gets delivered this year.
I absolutely hope you’re right :) I’m not an optimist by nature and considering their track record of production prediction is rather bad I think Elon’s statement is mostly wishful thinking. Sure hope he’s right as it would give me extra $3,750 to play with...
There is no wait time. I bought mine a bit ago, it said 2 months wait. It showed up at my door in 4 days.
But Elon would’ve known that when he said “a few days” at the shareholder meeting :(. Guess it’s the usual Elon optimism on timing.
WAY too much misinformation. There is (nor was) no hummer credit. Section 179 is a DEDUCTION, not a credit, there’s a huge difference. What that video and nearly everyone seems to completely miss is they’re looking at FIRST YEAR tax picture only. All this was doing is letting you depreciate the model X FASTER than a model 3. You still get to deduct 100% of your business car on your business return over the life of the car. That video is utter crap made by someone who is clearly not a tax accountant.
I on the other hand expect companies to go by their contracts... if I make a mistake I wouldn’t expect the other side to make up for it. If I break a lease in a city where I know they’ll immediately rent the place again I wouldn’t expect the company to not charge me a fee for leaving early for example.
Obviously a horribly stupid thing to do but I have to say I’m rather impressed at this guy’s ability to control it...
Pretty sure the 500 a day statement was made before the tent line was added.
Don’t see this happening. Current administration is “coal first”, I can’t see them being too interested in helping electric cars. Not to mention that this would help everyone including Nissan who isn’t far behind.
Yeah that was cruel
Elon being an optimist so take this with a grain of salt but he said that if you’re interested in a first production (long range with premium upgrade) model you should be able to order today and get it in 4 months. So it appears if you reserve today and you want a first production car, you’d get it before they make any short range cars. Do I really think someone reserving today gets a car even by the end of the year? I doubt it but that’s what Tesla is saying at the moment. Hopefully it’s just optimism and not attempt to get more reservations while they know the target is too aggressive.
Well for me the takeaway from his comment was that someone reserving today who is interested in getting a LR with PUP model gets to skip all the people who are interested in SR or non-PUP models. If they make 5k cars a week that’s 20k per month with the goal of 10k per week by the end of the year (40k per month). Perhaps the number of people waiting for SR is pretty high... but yeah I’m guessing it’s optimism.
They never said they won’t need fund raising events in the future. They said they don’t need capital raises THIS YEAR. That is a gigantic difference. They likely want to demonstrate that they can be profitable with the current situation which would let them access debt at far better rates next year/increase stock price to allow them to get more with stock issuances. They will surely need additional capital for a new gigafactory in China if nothing else. That’ll likely come before new models.
Depends on your situation really. Are you in a climate where you need AWD? I’m not so for me it’d be extra $4k for additional performance. Some people will gladly pay $4k for extra acceleration even if they’re in a warm climate. I tried regular RWD and it’s plenty fast for me, I have no need for it to be faster. I do drive a decent amount of time on the highway every day so autopilot for me is quite important, it might not super important for you. If you think you’ll end up getting it later you might as well get it now and save $1k. Really depends on your personal needs and preferences, I’m sure I didn’t tell you anything you didn’t know :). For me the choice was RWD with autopilot.
*may get full credit...
Perhaps look at 55 other very similar threads over the last day? =)
We do not know for sure but it is widely speculated that Tesla is intentionally waiting to sell the 200,000th US car in early July. IF that is the case, the full credit of $7.5k will be available until Dec 31, 2018. Then the credit will be halved ($3.7k) Jan 1-June 30, 2019. It will then be a quarter of the credit ($1.9k) July 1-Dec 31, 2019. It is quite likely that if you go for LR battery (or AWD) now that you'd get it before the end of the year and thus likely get full credit. There's also a decent chance that there are a lot of folks waiting for the SR model so you likely will get at best half or perhaps quarter credit (or possibly none at all). It's all a guessing game right now. Soon enough we'll know whether they sold 200k car in Q2. If they did, all of the above time windows move closer by a quarter. I'd be fine with an SR car but I'm thinking the nicer car will be at most $5k more (or possibly as little as $1.5k more depending on when I'd be getting the SR car). I went ahead with the LR model for additional range, additional acceleration, additional battery warranty, additional charge speed. To me the above is worth the price difference but it's a guessing game and a choice for all.
That's probably right... what I wish they would clarify is whether the new line is now based on order date/time or whether the original reservation date/time is still relevant. It really seems to be rather not cool if someone who reserved last week and ordered last night might be closer to getting their identically optioned car than someone who reserved 4/1 and didn't order until this morning.
Negative... I hope Elon would spill the beans on Twitter in early July but we might have to wait for about a month for their Q2 earnings call.
That would REALLY suck in a very major way...
Curious, it was there for several hours after I completed all the items... fingers crossed =)
4/1 reservation that has been open to config prior to the yesterday’s invites. I went ahead and configured a bit before 1pm EST and then the floodgates opened :)
Yeah that cars been there... hopefully it’s not someone rejecting it for anything but minor cosmetic stuff that they fixed.
I’ve seen a few VINs from 4/1 people today, have I missed something? There’s a lot of 2017/2018 reservations getting invited and ordering but at least the threads I’ve seen from people who are already getting VINs from yesterday’s orders are the ones that have been waiting a while.
Yep
It does... look in your email, should show Total Amount Paid: $3,500
Holy moly really? Perhaps I’ll call too :)
I wouldn’t say 100% chance...very high likelihood but 100% is a bit too much.
I have not... and I ordered right before the flood gates opened with the last order of invites.
SHOULD is the key word there. How did you do the math? Let's assume 5k per week, 20k per month... 20x6 = 120k. How do you know that of the 450k reservations they mentioned at the end of Q1 that only 120k are US/NA that want LR batteries? That's a pretty damn small percentage. Not to mention that 5k is not even confirmed yet. Yes, it's VERY LIKELY to happen. But it is not 100%, that's just misleading.
Really getting tired of arguing so this is my last statement on this. Where do you get your idea that I’m assuming 100% conversion? If you go with 60% there’d be a problem too. Anyway, saying 100% sure is just wrong pure and simple.
Covers off. I intend to put them on for road trips but they’ve been off since July.
Put usb stick in the computer. You should get a message asking if you want to fix a problem (don’t recall the exact wording, it looks like a message you’re likely to dismiss - don’t). That should do it.
On a semi related note, I keep wondering what to do with the back window. I’m set on doing the max legally allowed 35% on the four windows but don’t know what to do with the back. I don’t think I want to make it go all the way in one piece as it would make part of the roof darker than the front part of the roof. Not sure if I should leave it stock or go to top or defroster line. None of these 3 options seem good :(
Thanks, yes interior is my main concern. The outside looks I care a lot less about that what I and passengers see from the inside
Yep I recall reading that :( thanks. I’m at an impasse
Bawahaha oh the irony! Though I suppose you’re too stupid to see it. Keep going!
You mean when you acted like an entitled ass, I called you on it and you told me to go kill myself?
I’ve never done ANY maintenance on any of my cars. Nothing outside of oil changes, brakes, wipers. No tune up, no liquid flushed, no nothing. Never had an issue and cars had more than 150k miles before I moved on.
It’s not a real possibility, it’s an outrageous prediction. It’s right in the name.
I’d gladly pay double what they ask for... by far and away the best feature of the car and I adore its acceleration and handling. EAP on my daily commute takes all the stress from the constant stop and go stop and go. Yes at first you babysit it but after a while you know what it does and doesn’t do so in slow stop and go I can pay more attention to my audio book and let the car take care of the minutia of driving on the highway. On the weekend when there’s room on the road to zip around I’ll gladly drive myself. The car gives me the ability to have the best of both worlds.
Because intent to resell is specifically mentioned in the rules.
Additional power is good enough reason for me. I can definitely feel the difference.
That sounds very VERY wrong.
Very VERY little impact on battery. Fairly decent impact on your daily acceleration as there’s a noticeable difference with how fast you go between 90% and 70%. If you don’t enjoy quick takeoffs it might not matter to you but I certainly won’t make that trade off.
I’m leaning towards doing that too
800-1000 seems crazy high. Quote I got here for 35% CTX ceramic for $525 for everything including back window.
Absolutely! That’s the best part of EAP to me - slow mindless stop and go of highway commute.
Nonsense. It would’ve easily been $420 now if SEC stayed the fuck out.
The SEC fucked them over.
It says speed limit sign and GPS data is unavailable. Why the heck would it say anything about speed limit signs if it doesn’t look for them? Why include those three words?
It is far more money than I’m used to spending on a car... had serious cold feet before I picked it up. To me a car was always just something that got me from point A to point B and reliability was the main thing. Enter Tesla... wow, it’s now a joy to go driving on the weekend and daily stop and go is handled by autopilot and makes my commute a complete breeze. I’m so happy I went ahead and took the plunge. You only live once after all.
Don’t suppose you have a tldr of a sentence or two? :)
Perhaps you’ve heard of something called batteries? Neat things those... can store solar energy when it’s sunny and be used when it’s not. It’s a problem of scale really.
I’d see your point if there was no insurance. It’ll cost you the deductible and rental fees if any. If that’s a gigantic deal you shouldn’t have bought a Tesla in the first place imho. Also your edit about you being upset that the deer lived and ran off makes you sound like a bit of a prick if I’m being honest. You wanted to kill him? What a nice guy.
Good for you. Whether it was good for your company and it's investors is far less certain.
Because a non-unionized workforce clearly cannot be treated equitably eh. Please continue to downvote, union goons. Shows precisely the sort of people you are and the sort of tactics you employ. Silence anyone who disagrees.
All I said is “whether it’s good for your company and investors is less certain” please explain how that’s not a true statement? Is it certain? It’s the same as downvoting “sky is blue”
Ahh and the goonion brigade tips its hand. Figured there was no fucking way so many hard working people are backing this union bullshit. Welcome to the subreddit comrade!
Tell me about the google and Nintendo unions please. Dying to hear.
And the way to do that is to bleed a company that is barely staying afloat until it dies right? Union logic often reminds me of a parasite. Who cares if the host dies, I must eat. Keep downvoting you useless goons.
I had this. Service center fixed it.
Never said anything remotely like that
95% sure you can if you want have it be always dark or always light.
Not the first time Tesla employees are a bit misinformed. I think you’re entirely correct.
I think what you’re describing is extremely common for every type of insurance from home to car... not sure why you seem so surprised.
The fact that it's THREE games should've been a dead giveaway not to hold our breath.
Oh hell yes! Will test with an Xbox 360 controller and steam controller when I get this.
Works
Wired ones, yes. Haven't tried wireless.
There are video guides in the phone app.
Disgusting human beings. Hopefully karma will take care of them.
Essentially it sounds like you need a different phone ;)
Yes there are exceptions but there’s a reason for the stereotype. Just like not every bmw driver is an entitled d-bag who doesn’t use blinkers.
I’m afraid that would mean a lot of innocent Teslas would get keyed by the angry truck driver.
That's just it... For me FUN faaaaaar outweighs polished. It's not even a contest. I've had more fun with Stand Out than any other VR shooter and I've played quite a bit of Onward and a chunk of Pavlov. I've been slammed with work so I haven't had a chance to try Contractors or War Dust but Stand Out with all it's quirks and jankiness gave me dozens upon dozens of hours of fun. That was absolutely money well spent.
That's just it, not everyone likes COD. Thank you for helping me make up my mind to not buy. I'll be sticking with Stand Out and Onward until a better Battle Royale comes along at least.
Well... I'm sorry to say it but not using blinkers puts you more than half way there in my book. Is it so hard to let other people know what you're doing? You're not in a video game weaving in and out of AI cars.
Thanks for the reminder. Went ahead and bought for my 9 year old, hopefully she'll like it.
I think the bark is probably ruined =(
For it to be a paradox both things have to be true... I think as soon as one happens (habitually not using blinkers) the other one is no longer true (not a d-bag) ;) Thus no paradox.
In my garage connected to the NEMA 14-50
Disagree but fine if there was an option for the way it currently operates and your way too.
Uhm... there are far more options in a Tesla than any other car I’ve ever seen.
That’s a shame, sounds like your controller is a bit messed up ;)
If $22 is some sort of big deal to you, perhaps not. I pay more to take my wife to see a movie which is generally less than 2 hours and most I've seen in the last decade have sucked. This is a wonderful experience for several hours. If that's worth $22 for you, by all means I'd highly recommend you pick it up. If you're the type of person where this is some large sum or you need tons of replayability then it's not the right thing.
Haven’t seen that at all luckily. My single gripe so far has been that I haven’t found a reliable way to get the crab guys to shoot where I want. Everything else has been working great.
Degree and a decent paying job... CPA.
Not if you play or a mage or an archer, it's fantastic for those two types. Sword/board was always too boring for me anyway.
My precious, myyyyy precious. I just can't bring myself to let other people take my car on joy rides where I know full well they'll be abusing it as much as possible to take it to the limits.
I never said that's how it had to be. The question was how did I make my dream car a reality and I gave my answer. Of course there are a lot of ways of earning money...
Look at how far video games have progressed over the last 30 years. We are getting closer and closer to realistic looking games. Especially in VR. Now imagine what happens in the future if you assume any rate of improvement in graphics at all. Let’s say the rate of improvement goes down a LOT. Assume it’s 1/1000s of the rate it is now, it doesn’t matter. If there’s any improvement at all, eventually VR games will be indistinguishable from reality even if takes 1,000 years to get there. (That’s assuming humanity doesn’t destroy itself). So if we do eventually make games that aren’t distinguishable from reality, why do you assume that hasn’t already happened?
Wholly depends on your financial situation. Is the Pro a better headset? From most stand points, sure. Is it worth the extra cash? Hmm. I’d say it’s not worth it to those who have a Vive but if I didn’t have one and was in the market for a VR set, I’d go for the Pro. But again whether it’s worth it is highly dependent on each persons finances.
No doubt, it’s an excellent gift. Not quite as expensive as a full blown car though which was where my jaw initially hit the floor.
Its tires look like they have far too much air...
No idea about the image, it’s been working fine. Both phones, dashcam, Xbox controller.
Sorry for what’s likely a dumb question - what do guide lines mean?
Mainly because suing someone is a hassle. It's not like you just fill out a form online and you're done.
Uhm... no system. But then again neither of us have ever had this as a concern.
Just takes all of two seconds to plug them in after a long session. Easy as can be.
Where is this? I’ve not experienced a single wave in Atlanta and I see at least 5 daily.
I tried twice when I first got the car and there was no response so I stopped but hey I’ll try again :)
No way. It goes against Valve’s values of allowing as many HMDs as possible to run the software. Will their games use knuckles extensively? Very likely. Will they still be quite playable with Touch/WMR? Yup.
Negative haven’t had this. So far it’s been properly excluding home whether charging or not.
You mean the one you can order today if you wanted to? What about it?
I had a great experience. That said, frankly I wouldn’t give a crap about some sales guy not being very nice. How in the world that translates into not being excited about the car anymore makes no sense to me at all. The two things aren’t connected in any way shape or form really.
I know Anton said no many times but I wish it had realistic enemies.
Ha
That’s precisely the problem. A lot of people hear only the FUD and if the owners aren’t there talking about their cars, a lot of people who are looking at cars won’t even consider a Tesla because “they’re about to go out of business or will burn down my family” thanks to all the assholes spreading FUD for financial gain or clicks.
From what I recall Anton doesn’t want to condone realistic violence in VR. Too real. I would love a realistic game with this sort of gun interactions. I can distinguish VR from reality just fine.
Google “bmw fire”, “Mercedes fire”, “Toyota fire” or any other brand. Send back screenshots.
&gt; You are standing in your living-room with a box on your face and two game controllers. It's not the matrix. You should've seen me a few days ago when I was in Brookhaven Experiment and the little monsters were running up next to me at exactly the same moment as my four year old son touched my leg to get my attention. WHOA, I yelled like a girl. I'm guessing the perspective of a VR dev who spends hours in VR for years vs an average user who plays a few hours a week are vastly different. I lose myself in VR games all the time. Immersion is absolutely a thing to a lot of us. I feel it in your game when I play shooting range type scenes. It's not there when I'm shooting at hot dog men. In all honesty I don't boot up the game much and choose things like Onward/Sairento which have realism in the enemies even though they're eons behind H3 in gun play and physics. One day someone will make a game that has both. I'll keep my fingers crossed for Valve.
Well there’s more wear and tear on the AC system...
Introducing the Tesla Going Private Kickstarter heh.
Without a second thought. It’s been so much better in every way than I expected. About to have my anniversary and it still puts a smile on my face on a daily basis.
I will not be buying a damn thing from Epic store. I don’t want to encourage anyone specifically buying up exclusives on PC. If you have your own store and you sell your games only there (Blizzard/Origin etc) I’ll grumble but I might buy (though really haven’t bothered) but if you’re actively buying up exclusives that you didn’t make - nope, no money from me. They could’ve competed with Steam by selling games cheaper (since they take a smaller cut, the devs could still get same amount per game as on Steam). A lot of users would go to their store if they sold same games cheaper than Steam. Instead they go for the exclusivity route so they can go suck a big one as far as I’m concerned. No thanks.
The whole studio became part of Valve. They’ve done this numerous times with multiple studios. If Epic bought the companies I’d have no issue. That’s not what they’re doing. They’re specifically paying studios to exclude other stores. Fuck em.
Enterprise solution only so not meant for consumers. Looks pretty amazing for what it can do but we are not the target audience I’m afraid.
Again the issue I have is buying up exclusivity rights to games that weren’t made by the store owner. That is crap and I will not encourage it. To the point that I’m very unlikely to buy a game that used to be an exclusive (Metro Exodus for example) when it’s available everywhere. There are far more games than I have free time so I’m fine missing out on some. I’ll vote with my wallet.
I never wished my state had mandatory front plates until Sentry mode became a thing.
Yep, similar experience. I’m around 19k miles now. When the update to 325 miles came out my 80% daily charge would generally put me at 260 miles. Over the last month or month and a half it’s been varying... sometimes 255, 256, sometimes back to 260. It’s been a while since I’ve seen 260, generally hovered around 252 until this morning I hit 247 which is a new low. I haven’t bothered to charge to 100% or drop down to below 0 but I have certainly noticed the up and down daily dance.
Negative, I’m not using any 3rd party apps.
Unlikely, have not supercharged in a few months. This started happening less than 2 months ago.
You need a better stick with better write speed. Better yet a nice SSD.
Damn it, I came here to say this! Why you steal it? \*sigh\* take your upvote.
They didn’t address its level of comfort comparing to other headsets. They said it was front heavy... well duh. Every single headset is front heavy. The strap on the back weighs less than the HMD itself for all units. Nowhere did gamespot say that it was less comfortable than a Rift for example. A ton of people have said the exact opposite though that Index is far more comfortable than the Rift or any other HMD they tried.
Been wiping my Vive for 3 years with included cloth. No issues.
What solves it is playing an archer or mage. Both feel amazing. Especially if you do a mod to switch spells with your voice.
Nonsense. I washed mine all the time for about a year before I switched to the fake leather pads. No issues at all.
That has clearly not occurred to any valve engineer or anyone else. What a great point, they clearly fucked it up! /s
THANK YOU! This was the answer. I've tried everything... formatted on Windows using 2 different utilities, had a friend use his Mac to format it. Nothing was happening until I did a steering wheel reset and sure enough boom here's the dashcam icon. Very odd because with the 32GB stick I can just take it out and stick it back in and it works fine without a need for a reset. I waited for 3+ minutes before and nothing was happening.
They do have the ability to push an update without your approval. Not saying they’ll do it but it can be done. Saw a post from a very pissed off model S owner on the Tesla Motors Club forums where they updated his car to V9 recently and he’s been on V8 intentionally. He was very very upset.
They don’t let you order now and get in line?
I did it myself. My electricity bill tells me how much I pay per kWh. I know my battery size, how many miles I get per kwh and how much energy is lost during transfer. For me it’s roughly 10 cents per mile in savings compared to my 26 mpg car that it replaced that used 87 gas. Quite a few moving pieces there.
Ok if you want me to put it bluntly, it’s an extremely stupid question. Software to filter this out to not create feedback loops has been around for a while. But let’s assume that’s not basic knowledge. What should be pretty obvious is surely the chance that Valve hasn’t considered that people will use the onboard speakers and mic together is zero. Not close to zero, it’s zero. Obviously they’ve tested the ability to use the mic while listening to sounds through speakers.
Yeah that’s the horrifying that about going to the post office 3-4 times a week ;). Yeah I get it’s a first world problem.
Ah I see reading comprehension is also not a strong suit of yours eh... please try again after you read what I said after “But let’s assume that’s not common knowledge”. You have to be pretty dumb to think that anyone building this sort of product has not considered this and tested it to hell and back.
Nope he never did. He said “feature complete” by year end. That’s not been defined but it certainly is no where near sleeping in your car.
I would definitely wait
I knew enough... Valve were the brains behind the Vive, the lighthouse, and huge part of the Rift. If anyone was going to build it right, it was Valve. Plus of course it’s a preorder, it can be canceled or returned after trying so it’s not like we are buying a cat in a bag with no clue or recourse.
They take the same cut as competition did at the time... same 30% Sony and Microsoft take.
Talking about fueling costs here ;)
This is how google maps on my phone does it too. It originally tells you how far something is... once you say let’s go it’ll calculate a route and give you how many miles it is depending on what route you take.
Boneworks, Espire 1, Rogan, Pistol Whipped, Budget Cuts 2. I’m probably forgetting some but I’m pretty sure I’ll be getting at least those 5. Also definitely picking up the new Arizona Sunshine DLC. I've played through that campaign at least 5 times. Apocalyptic difficulty is an amazing experience. Oh yeah, curious where SoulKeeper VR will go... considering I bought it when it first hit EA and was rather broken. They've been teasing things here and there remaking it completely. I hope it'll run well and be a good game. Also sure hope I don't have to buy it again.
I’ll gladly give it a shot. I don’t get posts like “we have enough rhythm games” or “we have enough bow games”. I must have played hundreds of FPS games in my life but when a new one comes out I don’t think “oh I’ve played FPS or RPG game before, I’m good”. If this is done well it could be a ton of fun which is really what I’m after with this hobby. If it’s fun I’ll play it. If not, I’ll be able to tell pretty easily by reviews or worst case refund.
Why not wait a week and release after you have the performance update going? Seems like you’re asking for negative reviews for something that you’re already about to fix.
Easy way eh... might want to check out how many BILLIONS Uber lost last quarter or the one before. It’s not “easy” nor would it be profitable. Check out how much Uber drivers make... its under $15 an hour on average. Now think of how few Tesla drivers would want to earn that. So coverage would be teeny tiny in vast majority of the country. People don’t want to stand there waiting forever when Uber would always be there first as they have several orders of magnitude more cars on the road ready to go. Why would people even bother downloading this app with Uber and Lyft around. Think of how much it would cost to advertise to even inform people it’s available. The only way Tesla Network works is Tesla doesn’t have to pay a human so they could undercut Uber on price. With a human there there is no advantage and a ton of negatives. So no, this will not happen.
Shorts have been having the time of their life recently I'm afraid...
No
I haven’t had a need for customer service per se unless you mean service center. I had two visits there, one immediately when I got the car for a minor rattle which they found and fixed in a day and gave me a loaner. Second was to replace a door handle, they did that in an hour while I waited at the shop. Super quick and very professional. Nothing but a positive experience. Best purchase I’ve ever made. You’ll mainly hear horror stories because people don’t make posts when they either have no issues or their issues are quickly resolved.
Hope they include trackpad movement and weapon interactivity. Seems bigger studios bring good stuff like nice graphics but their VR implementation lags quite a bit behind the indy studios.
Every game benefits from being on an SSD.
Да
I can see what you mean... I test drove the S but have always preferred smaller more maneuverable cars. Went with the 3 and have been very pleased, much prefer the driving dynamics to the S. Have to say I do prefer the look of the S from the outside.
Was it before or after he discussed Santa and the Tooth Fairy?
If that was true they would open up Oculus Home to natively support Vive/WMR etc. They clearly are after something more than just software sales. They're after VR marketshare as a whole.
It should come with a voice command “Engage Prius Mode!”. Yuck.
Just scheduled an appt for me and they said it’s not warranties as “no parts are faulty” :(. Quoted $115 to fix. I turned off air recirculation a few days ago and it’s been getting better by the day.
I kinda tried. No go. https://i.imgur.com/VLpYQAQ.jpg
As in the air vent itself where air comes out? Or I need to find where it goes in I assume.
Don’t suppose you have a link? Airsept Spray doesn’t return any hits on amazon :(
You’d be looking at 35.4+3=38,500. You really might as well get SR+ at that point. Would be rather dumb not to imho.
Wrong
SE+ with AP is absolutely worth the extra cash. If you drive much on the highway it’s a complete no brainer.
Best one I've seen I think, well done.
Ditto
Sure looks like you guys both have issues. As long as a single lighthouse sees enough of the markings on the controller you should be 100% find. No need for both lighthouses to see it. No doubt about it. I’ve played plenty of shooters and have faced away from a lighthouse with zero issues.
I’ve been wondering... have a 1080 but want to build a new PC for the Index. Not sure if I should get a 2080 super or wait further.
I7-6700k. Would be getting new one of those too (along with all else).
I honestly haven’t followed AMD much. I’ve seen far too many issues with AMD hardware in the past. I get that they generally have a very good value proposition but I’m quite happy to pay a premium for a better experience.
By FAR the best looking sedan out there
I suppose you’re entitled to your wrong opinion but I would highly recommend getting a new prescription, I’m afraid you may be going blind.
Besides actual hardware people are mentioning don’t forget that there’s no tax credit for the used cars.
Had the same issue with 2TB SSD while 32 GB sticks worked fine. Do a wheel reset and wait 30 sec, icon should show up. I’m still wondering what to do as the stupid icon disappears every couple of days and I have to do a wheel reset to bring it back. No issues ever as long as I keep cleaning the smaller 32GB stick.
I love my black model 3... that said, this has to be the worst angle I’ve ever seen.
Have had plenty of phantom braking on 2019.20.1. Not NoA as I never use it but regular EAP. NoA still makes far too many dumb choices for me to bother. Since I’m still fully supervising it I know much better when to change lanes.
Been wondering the same thing. Have to say I’m kinda surprised none of these devs seem to be using the 6mm cover on their Vives. Such an awesome thing... for me it was way more comfortable, better FOV, easier to clean than stock foam.
Way too many good things came from people asking him for things and him making them happen
I know! I was going “What?! What?!”. I don’t read the mag/website and have never heard of the guy so I likely won’t ever find out unless someone posts here.
Fairly similar story here... never been a car guy. As long as it got me from point A to point B was what I cared about and reliability was top of the list. On mobile so I don’t want to write up the whole story but I’m about to celebrate my first anniversary with my model 3 and it’s been an amazing awesome experience. Absolutely fantastic car.
Thank you. No worries I’ll wait for the next update then. Glad to hear it’s not something specific to my car ;)
No changes to my phone software for the last several months so I’ve ruled it mostly out
You can... But I’ll gladly play this while charging on a road trip. My 5 year old will get a huge kick out of this I’m sure.
You can only play these in Park...
Well in an ICE car it could be rather uncomfortable. With the EV you can have climate control on all night and be pretty comfy.
Index if price is not a huge concern
Gotcha, probably for the best, thanks.
Yeah same thing started a month or so ago for me
I’m not sure how shocked you should be... go do some test drives at premium dealerships. As a person under 21 you’ll get the same treatment pretty often. You say you’re serious about buying the car. Now think about how many other 20 year old kids that go and ask for test drives are actually buying - I bet it’s few. I’m not saying you shouldn’t be treated with respect but you have to understand the other side. I bet the guy did a ton of test drives for younger kids who never had any intentions of buying.
Manual hasn't been fully updated when they decided to do away with the basic interior for SR.
I didn’t like it at first look. First time I sat in one at the store I thought “well I guess I won’t be getting a Tesla” and I remember being rather sad about it. Then more I looked at it the better it looked to me. Now I’ve had one for almost a year and I think it looks great ;) The acceleration was a joy for me and I really wanted autopilot for my daily highway commute.
Do a two wheel scroll reset and wait a couple of minutes. For some reason one of my drives needs that. Other one works fine without.
I've had nothing but an excellent experience. Bought the car almost a year ago. Bought online, delivery was very smooth, in an out in 30 minutes, everyone was pleasant. Have gone to 2 service center appointments (one to fix a rattle, one to fix a door handle) - both were done quickly and smoothly. Got a loaner for the day with the rattle, the handle was fixed in an hour while I waited at the service center. Excellent overall experience. Love the car, the company has been great to me so far as well.
Besides they'd like to use your cash as an interest free short term loan? Don't think so.
He’s going for humor...
Index does
Depends... if you already have a Vive then Index is $800 as you don’t need new base stations.
The Teslatari games definitely worked with the Xbox controller. Can’t see why they wouldn’t enable it for beach buggy.
Good luck finding someone to rent it every single day.
Do you know what state the existing inventory was in? They usually match you if it’s close, if not they’ll build you a new one.
Fair enough that is baffling
Agree completely. The mods are FAR too strict here. To the point that I’m fairly certain this sub will not survive.
I’m not so sure that’s what people want. It’s what the mods of this sub want. Those aren’t the same thing at all.
Don’t test drive the performance version. Speaking from experience :(.
Definitely don’t just leave it alone. Buy a $10 windshield repair kit on amazon. They work very well for small chips/cracks.
Wow my 32gb generally can’t last a full week
At speed it leaves more room than easily 90% of the drivers. Have you actually tried it? It’s multiple car lengths.
I switch to 3 in rain that’s about it. 1 leaves FAR more room than almost all drivers around me.
It never says seconds. It most absolutely without a shadow of a doubt NOT a linear increase. There’s a small difference in distance to front car between 1 and 4 but it sure as hell isn’t 4 car lengths nor 4 seconds at current speed. It’s a very minor difference. Go test it.
He needs to be witch hunted
As long as no physical harm happens yes his life should take a huge hit. It should go viral to hopefully discourage other idiots from doing similar things.
I’m not saying go fight the guy, I’m saying make this a viral video to discourage other morons. Plus of course let the police handle the legal ramifications.
99% of my charging happens at home so not a huge concern for me.
I keep mine at 3 generally, sometimes kick it up to 5 for a few mins if I forgot to precondition the car and it was sitting in the sun. This is in Atlanta in the 90s with foot and back air off. If kids are in the car then usually at 5-6.
Just curious why that matters? It makes the Vive FAR more comfortable...
It can run the question is how well... you'll have to subsample quite a bit. Heck I'm wondering if I need to update my 1080 for a better Index experience.
Fair article imho. I haven’t bothered with NoA since checking it out for a few days after no-confirmation came out. Generally I can do a much better job of predicting when to make line changes and since I’m still paying attention I might as well make that decision until it gets quite a bit better. It has made quite a few very bizarre decisions that were absolutely wrong (like going left across 5 lanes of highway after I entered an interstate and had to take the first exit less than a mile away). Lastly it’s just far too timid to use when there’s medium or heavy traffic... it’ll never move.
I’d guess if you’re buying a now “used” Index you’d want to make sure it actually works, no? But again it’s finding a person in your area who didn’t register but wants one. Gotta be more of a hassle than just returning it.
Press and hold the icon to change between this and a regular phone icon.
But if that’s what it takes, do I really need it? Hmm.
For me it didn’t... I played with it for a week and returned it. Yes it was better (sound was WAY worse than DAS for me) but very very marginally for me.
Unless you have a room greater than 20x20ft then no, there is no point.
Check out app called “eye measure”
Apple, not certain if android has the same.
Verge is a bunch of imbeciles. I haven’t bothered giving them a click but I wouldn’t trust their opinion on whether it’s raining outside.
Most people say better
Glad it’s working for a lot of peeps. So far after playing around for a couple of hours I’m about 80% sure it’s heading back. Very very unimpressed :( I’m getting hideous glare, zero noticeable FOV improvement nor any comfort improvement from a Vive with 6mm pad and DAS. The speakers are awesome, so far that’s the only part that really impressed me but that’s definitely not enough. Less SDE is nice but it’s offset by very bad colors and insane amount of glare. Yes I verified local files, it downloaded 2 files with no change. The screen is as close as it allows me to bring it in. Not a fan of knuckles in most things. The angle I’m holding them seems just a touch off so in every gun game I’m having to hold the gun in a slightly weird way. Anyone in Atlanta area interested in an Index/Knuckles bundle, PM me...
I already own pretty much all of those games, how does that help me with the controller?
There’s a law that all controllers in Europe must be able to clicked when in the up position? Curious.
Yeah I’ve tried rotating it every which way with top strap and side straps adjusted. I have the original Vive so before DAS I had to tweak with straps quite a bit to get it sitting correctly.
SDE is non-existent? You’re kidding. It certainly is better than OG Vive but it’s very much there.
“SDE is for all intents non-existent” ;)
I think it’s extremely noticeable. Certainly less so than Vive but I most certainly still see it quite a bit.
Only if you sell to a third party. If you trade in to Tesla a car with no AP whatsoever, car with EAP or car with FSD gets exactly the same offer. On one hand I understand why... to them it’s exactly the same car in all 3 configurations since they can just flip a switch and make a non-AP car be an FSD car. On the other it really blows for customers who want to trade their car in to Tesla.
Never seen anything like this in my 1.5 years of daily use of autopilot.
Wouldn’t use it myself but as long as it’s optional I’m fine with it... on the other hand at some point you have far too many options and settings screens become overwhelming for an average user.
I turn my body to turn... but if I had to use the thumbstick I have no issues with either one. It’s like asking how people manage to deal with smooth locomotion. Some do, some don’t :) some get used to stuff eventually.
Good idea
Looks like fun! Do you happen to have a link to how to get this working for the rest of us? ;)
Not a fun experience no doubt. About 20 years ago my pretty old Nissan Maxima died on the highway. Motor just gave up, luckily I had enough speed to move over onto the shoulder. It was rather terrifying.
If you tried a Vive or Rift and were “so underwhelmed” I’d say this isn’t for you. The Index is certainly better by a decent margin but it won’t go from “this is complete shit” to “this is unbelievably awesome!” For me the Vive was absolutely mind blowing. Have barely played any non-VR games in nearly four years.
“Pretty good game”? That’s like saying that an orgasm is a “pretty good feeling” ;)
Welcome to the party. Honestly I think HL2 and the episodes are still best FPS games to ever come out. Haven’t played a better one and I’ve played a LOT of games. HL definitely didn’t age as gracefully as HL2.
No thank you on that as well.
I had absolutely no issues with Arizona Sunshine dude talking.
Majority of people who had 2.5HW? No way. We’d see a TON of threads here. I bet it’s under 1% right now.
The kit without base stations is really aimed at people who were upgrading from a Vive and could just use those base stations.
How is that relevant to this discussion? I specifically said 99% of people with FSD and HW2.5 are still waiting. Obviously people with HW3 are not waiting for a HW3 upgrade ;)
Where did you read that they were going to make model 3 at Giga 1? I do recall they weren’t sure for a while where to make model Y but settled on Fremont a while ago.
No love for Apache helicopters?
Last decade!
I think that can vary quite a bit... mine was a touch under $500. I’ve heard of $300 and $1,500 for people who need a new panel.
Didn’t use TurboTax. Would have to pay a fee to amend or do it on paper. It’s becoming less and less interesting.
Wait wait wait! It’s not actually made from the skin of vegans?! I’m demanding a refund.
That’s what he meant by getting good... it’s quite easy to inch into either direction very slowly in HOLD mode. Just have to press very gently.
You need to keep constant very light torque on the wheel. Then it’ll never ever ever nag you. It’ll also not need you to do a thing to do a no-confirmation line change.
It’s not to drive the car yourself. You’ve been given a response, you just happen to not like it. I’ve been doing this for 1.5+ years on a daily basis. I rest my hand at 7 o’clock with a teeny tiny amount of constant pull that I do subconsciously. I’ve been doing it this way long before NoA was available just to never be nagged. Now if I use NoA it automatically changes lanes without me taking any action whatsoever.
I had this once many months ago. Went away and never came back.
Wow that’s nuts. I love the dead pedal in the 3. It’s huge and comfortable and very useful for all the autopiloting.
Surprised in app chat support is 5th down... seems so much more convenient than logging on from a computer. The phone is always with me and a lot of the times I’d need support is likely when I’m on the road, no? The app already knows who I am and all that... one button and I’m talking to a person who can see where I am what my car is and all that jazz.
Way too late. Nor would they make Elon Apple’s CEO. Nor do I think he would he want to. Way off on every assumption imho.
Hmm I talk an equal amount and that’s zero. I don’t talk to NPCs in flat or VR games. They can’t hear me ;)
By far and away the most useful feature of FSD for anyone buying a car now is automatic lane change (click the turn signal for the car to move over one lane). I use that absolutely on a daily basis and it is extremely convenient. The rest of the FSD features for now are just very small icing on the cake hat that hopefully will be turning into tasty cream cheese icing soon.
Thanks for the heads up. Not sure if a game that’s not even out on early access can be called a hidden gem but otherwise good job as usual Matteo, thanks!
I stand corrected ;) don’t have Viveport.
I think it’s more than a prequel... one yes that line is obviously how HL2 episode 2 ends, why is it in the trailer for Alyx. And two, Valve recommends people to play HL2 and episodes prior to Alyx. If it was a straight up prequel, why say that.
Painful experience is how I’d describe reading this stupid post. That is all.
That’s my thought too... there’s no need to tease it like that if it’s not going to be addressed. I’m sure they feel bad for leaving the community hanging like that for years.
Who said I took 10 hours? Oh and no, not every opinion is as valid as the next. Some are plain stupid opinions.
Yeah I get that sometimes issues happen. I’m just wondering if this is a common thing for people or more of an outlier. I never needed or wanted to talk to anyone and luckily the process worked like clockwork.
I guess I didn’t have a lot of the issues because my transaction was a lot simpler.
I don’t think it ever worked with any motion controls. I played some with the Xbox controller about half a year ago.
Unfortunately yeah I agree. Much preferred the angle of the Vive wands for gun games... and sword games
Every game with a pistol for me... including H3VR and Boneworks. It’s just slightly awkward... I’m mostly adjusted now but it used to bother the crap out of me. Yes I’ve tried all 4 strap adjustment positions.
That does change it sure but it changes other things too (such as distance to the thumbstick for the thumb). Apparently I’m one of those rare individuals where the Vive wands were sized perfectly for me. Never found them at all uncomfortable. The index controllers I don’t love for pistol games but it is what it is.
Yeah that’s probably the worst I’ve tried actually now that you mention as dad alignment for index goes.
I’ve mostly resigned myself to just a slight misalignment feel :) does one glue these grips or do you know if they’re easily removable?
There are tons of signs in Russian all over HL2...
Yeeeeah that was my thought too lol
You’re most certainly wrong. Here you go for reference. It is this exact break. https://i.imgur.com/vHNHPsf.jpg
Get your VR legs on other titles. Small repeated exposures. Play 2-3 mins the first day and if you feel bad STOP, do not push through it. Next day bump that up by 2 mins and keep increasing it by a minute or two per day. I know of many people who took this advice over last 4 years and now can play indefinitely with no ill effects.
Wireless charger and tint.
I have to do it all the time. OpenVR Advanced Settings is a life saver. Would highly recommend everyone to install.
Bah I changed mine at 15k... buuuut I enjoy quick starts.
Well... to them it has literally no value as the cars are exactly the same as far as Tesla is concerned. They only have different value to other parties. So it makes perfect sense just sucks if you want to trade a car with self driving packages back to Tesla.
You clearly have never used one. There is NO part of the lane to the side of me that I can’t see. None at all.
How does it matter what you paid for something? It’s utterly irrelevant. What someone is willing to pay only depends on the value to them, not what you paid for it. In most cases there’s a correlation but not always and certainly not in this case. To Tesla a car with no FSD and a car with FSD is literally the same car. Why would you think they’ll pay you more for one vs another? For example let’s say you inherited a house with a fair market value of $100k. You paid zero for it. If you were to sell it, should it worth less to someone else just because you didn’t pay a dime for it? Nope, it’ll be worth the same. Or if you find a $100 on the street... is it worth less cause you didn’t pay anything for it?
To you or to me or to another non-Tesla party, they’re not the same car. To Tesla they’re the same car... it costs them zero dollars to turn a non-FSD car into an FSD car.
Once again, you clearly have never had these on your car. I absolutely 100% see a motorcycle there. Every time. You on the other hand run a very tiny chance of something horrible happening when your head is turned to where you can’t see the road even from your peripheral vision because your head is turned.
Yep they do
There’s a setting there, don’t recall if it’s enabled by default.
HL2 by a mile. Gravity gun, physics, better story, far more variety. I can’t think of a single thing HL1 is better at.
There are dozens of us! Dozens!
Pretty sure there will not be jumping, likely movement speed will not be super fast and there won’t be vehicles. Oh and it’ll be the best game I’ve played in the last decade. Yes all those things would be nice and vehicles broke up the gameplay nicely but it is what it is. HL1 didn’t have them and was still an awesome experience. While this loses some things from HL2 the fact that it gets VR for me more than makes up for it. It will not be HL2 in VR, it’ll be a game built from the ground up for VR.
I’d go for HL2
Go to tire rack. Discount tire will match their prices. I went with Michelin Pilot Sport 4S and they’ve made a huge difference in the driving feel. Amazing tires. That said, they’re a pure summer tire and shouldn’t be driven where it goes down to 20 Fahrenheit or below.
EDIT: Just rewatched the video and you’re right they said you can get on desks. Curious to see how that’ll be done. A jump button would be very welcome.
You’re right, rewatched the video, they did say you can get on desks.
Yes if you can’t get stable 144, you’re better to run it in 120. If you can’t get a stable 120, keep it at 90.
He saw it on Valve News Network.
It’s not there to transport adults unless it’s for a very short trip very rarely. It’s there for people with very small kids. When kids grow up you move on to a bigger car.
It does
Press and hold the warning then press the child seat icon and it does exactly what you’re asking for.
Great video, thank you! Looking forward to part 2!
Any relation to a salesperson who is height challenged?
Oh it’s fantastic for long trips (or daily grind on the interstate). Most definitely greatly reduces fatigue. In the city you just know that all the car will do is follow the car in front of it and maintain its lane. If the car in front of you stops at the light, your car will stop too. If you’re coming up to a red light and you’re the first car there you know you have to apply brakes which will disengage autopilot. Still excellent especially if there’s a car in front of you because I’m that case it’ll stop when the car in front of you stops and will go ahead when that one does.
Rift might be a better “bang for the buck” but that doesn’t seem what OP’s friends were talking about. They seem to think Oculus is an overall better choice due to their lineup. Which is false :)
Might be delayed... then again Gabe repeatedly said they learned their lesson and thus would no longer give release dates until they were sure. People said they’ve played the game start to finish already (Geoff). They’ve been polishing and bug fixing for months so they could still hit end of March. There’s no need for hype building. EVERY gaming site and magazine will absolutely cover the crap out of the game when it comes out.
No thank you, I absolutely do not want that
Well... to a majority of gamers it won’t be the biggest game of the year simply because they will not have an ability to play it. To a majority of people who have VR and aren’t terrified of potentially scary stuff in HL:A I imagine this will easily be game of the year if not more. That said I am eagerly awaiting Cyberpunk but if I had to choose to only play one game I’d definitely go for HLVR.
Yep I’m greatly enjoying this time... I don’t even want March to get here faster. After I play the game the wait for next HL game will begin and I know it will be long and painful. Right now I have something to look forward to and I know it’s happening pretty “soon”. So exciting! Not just a new HL game (and I’ve wanted that for 12 years), not just a full VR game from Valve and I’ve wanted that for 4 years... it’s both in one!
They have teleport for those who need it
Well she tried to say Apple... but she didn’t succeed.
Have an example? I can’t think of one
I’m a bit disappointed that barnacles won’t pull you up... honestly I get that some people would find that unsettling but that SHOULD be unsettling and disorienting - you’re being pulled up by a monster! It’s not like it’s something that would be happening all the time. Occasional uncomfortable experience is OK imho. Plus of course for many it wouldn’t even be uncomfortable.
I love HL2... For many years it was my favorite game of all time. Currently it shares that spot with Witcher 2/3, I’m unable to pick among those three. That said, having Gordon be a mute was never a positive for me... I have no issue connecting to characters that speak like in every other game. No beef with playing as speaking Alyx and hopefully future Gordon.
Take another example of Geralt in Witcher 2/3. I think the game would be FAR inferior if he didn’t speak. It mainly depends on how well the voice acting is done for me.
The Vive wands feel a heck of a lot better to me for sword games and gun games. Luckily they finally added custom angle adjustments in beat saber. Before that without the mod on the index they were extremely weird for me with the knuckles.
The absolute stupidity of what seems to be the majority of Steam forums users keeps shocking me. You figure I would be used to it by now.
Depends on your definition of “agree with me”. Heck I totally agree with you, there should be an ability to physically crouch, I would much prefer that to using the button. HOWEVER, that’s not a major issue, certainly not worthy of not playing the game or giving it a negative review. You’re like a man dying of thirst in the desert who finds a bottle of sprite and throws it away saying “fuck this I prefer Diet Coke”
You didn’t leave a negative review for those games. Plenty of others did. I for one hate Boneworks’s sprinting solutions. Did I leave a negative review? Hell no, it’s an excellent game with a minor gripe. Same as this one.
Differences? There are some (you can link more than 2, they don’t need to see each other, have wider view). If the question whether you can use your Vive base stations and skip on buying index ones - yes you can.
No issues here... none at all
I have no issues with a 65 inch with a base station looking right at it
If you’re at all interested in the game and aren’t terrified of VR zombies, you owe it to yourself to try. Best game I’ve played in VR and I have over 150 of them.
They could’ve gone with some sort of linear scale for how noise you make based on how fast you move, sure. But honestly with a quick mapping change I’m perfectly happy with the current system.
That’s ok, it encourages scavenging for items. Otherwise you could play the entire game with a single shiv ;) On the other hand the player is a bit more resilient than a real life person and we don’t get killed by a single headshot either. It’s a game after all.
I’m ashamed to admit I didn’t realize Marc had published books. Anyone got a favorite they recommend?
Some games make more sense on flatscreen - like Dota. Shooters are MUCH better in VR. It’s not even close.
Surprisingly common? First time I’ve ever heard of this...
With what SS and what specs? Runs like butter for me.
It damn better... if not 10/10
I’ve passed Asgard’s Wrath. For me, Walking Dead is absolutely head and shoulders above it.
Down about 10%. Absolutely without a doubt worth it for me. Efficiency is not my main priority. I also took off the aero caps for the same reason :)
Pretty sure that’s a no from Valve. They’re trying to keep it accessible to as wide VR audience as possible I’m afraid.
I generally just keep it at 100% SS and 90 frames. I could push more on some games but I’m too lazy.
Since 2017
I’m actually enjoying the anticipation :) this way I know something great is coming in the near future and I’m super excited for it. When it comes there’ll be nothing nearly as exciting on the horizon for a while so I’m good.
Yes it switches lanes perfectly. Make sure you do a full push on the stalk - that means move over a lane. If you just gently push and hold the stalk it’ll initiate a lane change but you have to keep it held. If you let go before you’re far enough into the new lane, it’ll abort and swerve back to where it was. I never use the gentle push method, do a full push like when you want the blinker to stay on indefinitely. I’ve never had someone swerve right into me, not sure what it’ll do. If someone cuts in front of me, it’ll give them room just like a human would. I live in metro Atlanta so yes quite crowded. As far as phantom braking... last time I experienced that was maybe 6-9 months ago. Sometimes shadows under overpassed used to scare it but it’s been forever.
He probably drives it like a Prius... I’m about to change tires for the second time, I’m at 32k miles.
Yes but it hurts the soul of your Tesla.
Attaboy! (Or girl)
That’s what I did... WOW what a difference! Michelin Pilot Sport 4S is an amazing upgrade in the driving feel.
You won’t regret it.
Do we fuck the moon on the way to Mars?
Juuuust about 7 months ago was an excellent time to enter ;) say at $188 around the end of May
That plus model Y ramp costs
It is... meet my friend Alyx ;)
It’s not condensation... I’ve had this pop up several times. Pulled over and checked - completely clear camera. It was just the sun hitting straight into the pillar camera at a certain angle. I originally thought something was wrong with the car and was going to schedule a visit but luckily figured out how to reproduce it and realized it’s just the sun.
Which is where Stalker clearly got their inspiration too... so inspired by same source material :)
Odd, they really shouldn’t have but I’m rather curious why you thought that’s something they should cover? If you take a TV and throw it off your balcony, would you expect Sony to pick up the pieces and send you a new one? Cause that’s precisely what’s happening here.
Absolutely worth it
How you do you figure? He several times said “this is 2020”... do we know podcast was shot in 2019 because he definitely made it sound like it was 2020 already.
You’re not wrong. I recall when a buddy of mine was buying used you didn’t even get to see the pics of the actual car - just the canned pics of a similar car. Which is one of the reasons I went with a new 3 for the same money. Man I’ve been SO happy with that decision time and time again.
Hmmm not what you’re asking but I just noticed the FSD upgrade somehow is no longer showing under my account... sure used to a couple of weeks ago.
Nope never got an email confirmation of any kind... but back then a lot of people said they didn’t either so I didn’t worry about it once I saw it reflected on my account online.
Juuuust you wait ;)
Oh yeah you’re definitely setting the plank VERY high. There are games that do gunplay better but nothing touches Alyx overall, story, graphics.
The differences are very minor... two biggest ones being they made a chapter that is generally disliked in HL1 (“on a rail”) much shorter which most people think is a significant improvement. The other difference is the last chapter (“Xen”) that was super short in the original is greatly expanded (perhaps too much). Overall I would absolutely recommend Black Mesa over HL1 in this day and age. It’s a VERY large improvement.
Mossman bossing an advisor around and saying she has no supervisor sounds unlikely to me
And then she starts telling an advisor what to do
I definitely would be. Lower cars feel more nimble imho.
You’re either a very stupid troll or just very stupid. The choice is yours my friend.
Did any of those workers die? No? How many of them had the flu while we are at it?
People get sick... we can’t go back to the Stone Age because of this virus. VAAAST majority of people, especially young people, recover just fine and go on with their lives. We might be heading to the biggest economic disaster in history because of this... the only reason we aren’t there is the giant pumping of money by the feds which we absolutely do not have a way to pay for. Oh well, print more money eh.
Not familiar with the $2 trillion dollar CARES Act?
Feds also often just means “The Federal Government of the United States”. Do I need to spell everything out? :)
It’s a PC-only game... what is this them? I’ve been a half life fan since 98. Played through HL2 at least 7+ times. Alyx is freaking amazing.
You play a game, you love it. You play the sequel and it’s even better. You wait 13+ years and you get a device that transforms gaming and makes it phenomenal and MUCH better than ever before. Then your favorite game series gets a new game AND it’s custom made for this wonderful new ways to play games. And it’s so SO good. HL3 absolutely should be a VR game. They had thirteen years to make an on-VR HL3 if they wanted to. It’s time to move the genre forward, not backward.
Boycot away then, whatever will they do
It is still VR only... my point was it’s a PC VR game
Uhm it was mind blowing in 2004 when I bought it... physics were on a completely different level. Not to mention the fact that I loved HL1.
What color is the handle on the pistol in the game for you? If it’s not white - you already played with bonus skins.
Why would you limit yourself to a single game? This is like buying a kindle and only reading one book. The entire premise seems bizarre to me. How many people only play a single game?
Oh good, I didn’t know that was an option either. I thought I had to play with the index skins no matter what. Wouldn’t mind trying the regular ones.
Played Alyx?
What? Are we talking about Tesla here? You know the #1 car brand in owner satisfaction according to consumer reports for years in a row? With model 3 being #1 on their list in owner satisfaction no less. Inevitable to have major issues? Most definitely and certainly no where NEAR being a true statement. Vast majority of people have absolutely no issues whatsoever. We don’t make posts saying “I have a perfect car and it’s lovely” because you’d have to wade through pages and pages of that and it’d be quite boring for all involved. My car is turning 2 years old next month. It’s been a flawless experience. I did have two trips to the service center in those two years and both times service was absolutely excellent. Overall, best purchase decision of my life by a mile.
I would highly discourage this... as someone who LOVES VR shooters and also loves HL series. I must’ve played HL2 at least 7-8 times over the years. Tried playing it in VR through Gmod a couple of months ago. I would advice against this. The game wasn’t made for it and I found it rather lackluster. Played for an hour and stopped. My next HL2 playthrough will be via monitor I’m afraid. I’d recommend playing Black Mesa in place of HL1, it’s a much better experience in this day and age imho. HL2 on the other hand aged quite gracefully and is still a ton of fun.
That makes zero sense. They obviously take in more from extended warranty on S and X than they spend on fixing them. That’s how all insurance and warranty businesses operate. There is some price they could charge where their actuaries would calc that would let them make more money on selling extended warranty for 3 &amp; Y than the cost of repairs they’d have to do. Most likely they’re still gathering the data on just how much an average 3 needs in repairs. They need that data to calculate an accurate cost to offer this service. Most 3s are still not out of warranty so this isn’t needed for most customers yet.
I would absolutely go for BM over HL1 in this day and age. Same story, just more modern graphics.
Probably since the phrase is actually “locked in here” rather than “stuck”
No, neither do quite a number of new gas cars these days.
Well... close. Car was near perfect but there was a small rattle that was a bit annoying. Scheduled an appointment, left it for a day (was provided a free loaner) and next day picked it back up with no issues. Overall, best purchase decision of my life by FAR.
Gonna go with no...
Controversial generally means both sides of an opinion have a decent share of the total. I think yours can safely be called a very unpopular opinion. There’s a good reason HL Alyx has a 98% rating... it is without a doubt the best game I played in at least 5 years (since Witcher 3 came out) and is easily in my top 5 games of all time. Went through it five times so far, can’t get enough. All the mods are a joy too.
I mainly use the pistol from the distance. Yeah gas tanks always for the ones that have em. Headshots for the rest.
Sadly I’ve played quite a few good ones but already downloaded several from a couple of your videos. Will watch the rest of them and grab at least the sick dude ones ;)
On my sixth playthrough and I’ve played at least the top dozen mods. Yes, I have a problem. Absolutely can’t get enough of this game. Freaking phenomenal.
Good luck! It’s an absolutely amazing game and I hope you get to experience the whole thing! Practice shooting, there are great mods that can help there. If a monster is dead, it’s no longer a threat ;)
FSD isn’t a thing yet...
You really should play the episodes too... they continue the story. Plus they’re fantastic, especially episode 2.
Black Mesa, search the subreddit for a dozen of similar posts in last couple of weeks.
I think a billion in this case is 10...
I honestly don’t get this argument. Tell me what HL1 does better than Black Mesa. Is this just cause “it’s the original” thing? I’ll tell you what Black Mesa does better... WAY improved graphics, shorter “on the rail”, longer and FAR more beautiful “Xen”. Yes I played the original (several times through the years) but I can’t for the life of me recommend it to anyone over BM now that it’s complete. It’s the same thing but better.
Yes, ideally Black Mesa then HL2 and it’s episodes then Alyx. Bonus points if you wait a decade between finishing HL2 EP2 and starting Alyx for maximum impact ;) If that’s all too much, definitely at least play HL2 and episodes first. You can go back to BM to see how it started later.
Yep did the same thing... didn’t know he was called Gary though.
GREATLY varies how much time you take to explore and marvel at things. Took me 15 hours on the first play through. I know some peeps who took 18 and others who took 9.
GPU drivers relatively new?
You’ll be fine with WMR. Finger tracking doesn’t do a thing really... not needing a grip button is nice for throwing grenades and picking stuff up with the gloves feels awesome on the Index. That said, I played half the game with Vive wands and that was just fine too. Index is very comfortable and sound is excellent but really you’ll get a VERY close experience for a fraction of the price.
Can’t wait for that final hours to finally come out. Should answer a lot of questions.
