Ma dor ochii. In partea de jos a imaginii, asa e poza originala sau cineva a adaugat randuri de cladiri acolo?
I did. &gt;On the other hand, ECRI regrets that racist and intolerant hate speech in public discourse and on the internet has become a widespread problem, mainly targeting Roma, the Hungarian minority, LGBT persons and the Jewish community. Violent attacks against these groups occur sporadically. Please show me a single case in romania about violent attacks against these groups. 1 case. I'm romanian working in a hungarian company and nobody even thinks about these things. There are a bunch of fanatics on the internet, but it is rarely manifested in real life as far as I know. As I said, please do come forward with a single case of violent attacks against hungarians, gypsies or LGBT persons. I'm not trying to prove a point, I'm trying to find out if there's actually a case of violence or it's just fake news.
Nu prea am fost... nu pot sa spun ca am vazut Bucurestiul de sus.
In UK se corupe mai mult decat la noi. Te indocrineaza de mic sa fi left wing sau right wing. depinde la ce scoala nimeresti. La noi.... nu prea.
Ce-i asta, fa?
Farts loudly
Having a job and hobbies usually help out with making friends. You don't meet friends sitting on the couch all day long and liking pics on Instagram. You won't feel less lonely if you have online friends. But.. once you get out and get a job, whatever it is, you can integrate in a social circle and go get beers and see movies and go to parties and stuff like that. Hobbies, like swimming, gym, soccer and so on also integrate you in these social circles where at some point you get to interact with other people and possibly create friendships. These friendships aren't permanent, 99% of them, but they don't have to be. They serve their purpose until you move on to the next social circle. A girlfriend will not really help with the sense of being lonely either because there's only so much you can do with the same person, and if you don't have any friends and she doesn't have any friends, you're less likely to go out and do group activities. Also, the sense of feeling lonely is often related to ''just bored''. Same goes for ''depression''. So, getting a job and hobbies will surely fill up your time and the feeling might as well disappear.
I think you have to treat work and outside of work situations separately. Maybe he's a dick at work, but maybe he's also a really fun person to hang out with. And if you leave the work issues at work, that won't really matter when you hang out with him.
He seems beautiful indeed, yes
He was sued for having the wrong inscriptions on a public building and after the court decided he needs to take them off, he put them up again, disobeying a court ruling. There is nothing related to signs, celebrations and what not. This is UDMR propaganda. This was no hate speech, no violence, no nothing. Just poor law text. Especially because there are plenty of other cases where the law text was interpreted differently and the translation was approved. The second one was a change APPROVED BY VATICAN because they did not see fit as well for hungarian text to be present in a delegation in Romania. It was not some kind of peer pressure from the secret services, it was a decision (maybe bad one, I agree) taken with the approval of Vatican. How are any of these 2 cases hate speech of violent acts?
\#metoo
In 32 days I'll be in Split, can't wait!! Can this cathedral be visited? If so, how much is the entry price?
Man this tropical climate of Romania is interesting. I mean it's hot outside but there's also a lot of thunderstorms and heavy rain.
I kind of like it, it feels really good walking outside, but I'm not sure if this is good or bad for our agriculture.
Well I have a list of cities I will see this summer. Zagreb -&gt; Split -&gt; Dubrovnik - &gt; Kosice -&gt; Basel -&gt; Barcelona -&gt; Milano. Only Split and Barcelona will be extended stays, rest of them will be short stays. It's starting in 34 days, can't wait!
Nope, I don't think I know how to do that.
Asta nu inseamna ca daca esti crestin nu poti sa manifesti dispret fata de alti crestini si metodele lor, nu?
I don't think I would. I'm good with strategies and I'm dealing pretty good with stres but I'm not in the best physical shape for that. Unless we have dream teams, strategists, warriors, medics and so on.
Eu nu am spus asta. Eu am spus ca la noi ii vad rostul, dar in tarile in care exista drepturi depline, nu prea.
Tocmai aia este. :) Daca crezi ca ajuta aceste pride-uri la legalizarea casatoriei intre persoanele de acelasi sex, te inseli. Sunt frectie la piciorul de lemn, ba mai mult, acest party este costisitor pentru persoanele care inca nu si-au asumat orientarea pe care o au. Mi-a povestit cineva cat de greu i-a fost sa-i spuna mamei lui si asta pentru ca ea automat a asumat ca a fi gay inseamna sa umbli destrabalat pe strada fluturand curcubee. Eu nu zic ca e gresit sa umbli destrabalat pe strada fluturand curcubee, dar atunci iti asumi faptul ca societatea va percepe un mesaj total gresit. Poate sunt prosti oamenii care percep asta, dar aia au drept de vot si tu in loc sa-i jignesti sau sa-i ignori, tu trebuie sa-i faci sa inteleaga ca acel pride este un party si ca in viata de zi cu zi homosexualii nu sunt niste clowni. Nu este datoria societatii sa se informeze cu privire la acest aspect, pentru ca pentru ei este irelevant.
Very poor translation of your site. That's not what he said. First of all, hungarian political parties provoke the so called feud between hungarians and romanians. They are constantly pressing for the autonomy of a part of the country, that was told and repeated countless times, it will not happen because IT IS NOT LEGAL. They can live there, they have institutions in hungarian, but they will never be independent from the country. Now, what Tudose actually said about this autonomy wet dream: &gt;Without minimizing or ignoring the topic, my opinion is that this year will be one of attempts to bring the beating through the fence, we will jump to them, they to us, and this year will become one of the quarrels, instead of being of the union . There are not three big parties, it's true that you do not have to be ignored, but I say very simply: I have to say that if the Szekler banner waves on the institutions there, everyone will fly next to the flag. Nor can it be such autonomy for the Szeklers. As long as they sing there in their yard, it's one, but legally things are very clear Google translated. Now.. I'm not saying that this reaction isn't toxic, but again, it is not hate speech in any form. It's totally not " Ethnic Hungarian parties in Romania shouldn’t be taken seriously" from your propaganda site. &amp;#x200B; &gt;To this day Romania has 1.5 million Hungarian ethnic citizens, and is often accused of treating them as second class citizens. This is also not true, it is exactly the provoking hatred and feud between the two nationalities I said earlier. Romania is one of the friendliest countries towards other nationalities. We have studies in many other languages than romanian, while our Romanians across the borders are not treated the same way. You cannot get schooling in Romanian if you're in Biharkeresztes in Hungary now can you? &amp;#x200B; Try again, you have 1 try left cause I'm already bored of the way you are manipulated by propaganda into believing this shit.
Car rentals range from 15 eur a day to 45 eur a day, depending on what car model you want to rent. Train is fairly cheap but the quality isn't really worth it. You can use [https://www.cfrcalatori.ro/](https://www.cfrcalatori.ro/) to plan out your costs. There are also bus services to transport you between cities, these are better I think. &amp;#x200B; Food is fairly cheap as well, some prices, for reference: MC Donalds combo 1+1 is €1.17 KFC Smart Menu is € 2.76 1 kilo of uncooked chicken breast is € 4.45. 1 kilo of potatoes is about € 0.50 bread costs somewhere between € 0.35 and € 0.70. Cheese costs about € 2 for 400 grams, depending on brand. Greek yogurt costs € 2.33 for 1 kilogram or € 0.45 for 150 grams. Condiments (if you buy all of them) will cost you about € 4. (Price for a single condiment usually is \~ € 0.30) 1 kilo of tomatoes (if you buy the local ones not the turkey stuff) can go up to even € 2. Cigs cost € 3.81 a pack, a can of beer (333 or 500ml) is below € 1. &amp;#x200B; If you order through an app (such as foodpanda or hipmenu) you can get cooked food starting from € 3. You can get expensive food as well, prices for cooked food ordered through an app range from € 2.50 to € 7. Restaurant prices are similar to prices from these apps. Hope this helps.
Cred ca impartitul unui apartament este cea mai ieftina solutie reala. Te poti interesa pe site-urile de imobiliare (sau sa cauti pe google chirie bucuresti, sigur gasesti si persoane care cauta coleg de camera), sunt acolo anunturi pentru asa ceva dar si pe grupurile de inchirieri de pe facebook pentru Bucuresti. Apoi iei legatura cu persoana aia si discuti conditiile.
sa isi aminteasca sa nu mananance ca vacuta ca o strange lantul
Te pot identifica pe tine in pozele postate de alte persoane de care poate tu nu ai habar.
What exactly is theirs? These hungarians are born romanian and they have double citizenship. So, again, what do they not have?
Aveam o discutie cu un nationalist maghiar pe /r/europe despre ceva de genul. Maghiarii din Ungaria chiar cred aberatiile spuse de Kelemen Hunor. Ei chiar cred ca ii tratam ca pe ceva 2nd class citizens si chiar cred ca ar trebui sa fie autonomi. Ma doare mintea cand vad cat de usor sunt manipulati acei oameni. Ei ies in fata cu niste declaratii malitioase si apoi cand activistii raspund, tot ei se plang.
Mai fumez si eu din cand in cand dar initiativa lor nu ma deranjeaza deloc. Mi se par chestii de bun simt oricum.
Juicy. Abia astept sa ne considere pe toti niste huligani si nazisti nu doar activistii aia.
Si acum stim de unde isi ia Skrillex sample-uri. De la capace.
This doesn't look right. Something is odd about their post and about the picture. Kinda believe this is fake... or the attackers were muslims. PS. I'm ready for downvotes. Downvotes dont change facts.
Yes, precisely. Transgenders don't really receive real hate for being transgenders, they receive it for being homosexuals. The uhh muhh pronouns thing is garbage.
Oh I do. There was no footage released even if there are cameras on all buses in London. This happen a couple of days ago so why is it surfacing now. The blood on her shirt looks odd while her makeup is perfectly fine, if someone breaks your nose your whole face is swollen. But of course, someone who never got in a fight doesn't know that. So yeah, it's either fake or the media is covering something up. This is strictly my opinion which I'm allowed to express and you are allowed to disagree with it.
Oh I quite do. I have even the right to vote for it. Free speech is all about being able to have an opinion about something and another opinion that's completely different about something that is within the same field.
It's already made up, as I said, it's either fake or the media is covering something up. Doesn't have to be a specific race or religion, that was a wild assumption considering London is a muslim city, which are, by default, homophobic. Aren't they? While I'm not saying this is what they are covering up, I think there is something they cover up. Like the chicks starting the fight maybe cause some dudes were cunts to them maybe? &amp;#x200B; Knowing this started on CNN, I wouldn't be surprised. I mean they were the people doxxing a guy (which is illegal by the way) that made a meme against them on Reddit. 0 trust in their propaganda machine. But everyone is free to believe whatever they want. We have free will, that's the beauty of it, isn't it? &amp;#x200B; Oh and all of your patients in the ER who got their nose broken come in with make up that looks pretty even if they were allegedly beaten? Oh, do they happen to have some marks on their hands ? Normally, people who are ''beaten'' by 4 other people have purple marks or some marks on their hands. None of the chicks have them. Dried blood doesn't from nose or mouth doesn't look like that, but you already know that, since you work in ER and you've seen that the blood that SPLATTERS is a little bit darker. How can nose blood splatter like that on a shirt? I'm veeeery curious cause I never saw someone that was beaten by 4 other dudes to have so much blood on them, yet be so unharmed.
At first it would be cool but then I'd probably have some trust issues.
I didn't have that phase but I moved out without telling my parents at 19. Does that count as rebellion ? It is worth noting that I was always a bad person so my normal day could have been someone else's teenage rebellious thingy.
if you wannabe my lover you gotta get with my friends make it last forever friendship never eeeeeends &amp;#x200B; I'll tell you what I want what I really really want so tell me what you want what you really really want I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna really really really wanna zigazag ha &amp;#x200B; sing along everybody
A gamma ray burst. Powerful, energic, and with a nice colorful aura but destroys anything that stays in my path.
Well to be honest I'm going to the gym for 10 months and I always liked the same things about myself, with or without gym. My eyebrows movement (see Emilia Clarke for reference), my wrinkles, my penis, my chest and abdominal hair, my hands and fingers, my feet. But if I'd have to pick what's the sexiest, I think the face when I talk just lures people to me. Always on a positive note even if shit is bad in the background with an arrogant smirk and the eyebrows just make everything seem more expressive. People seem to like that stuff.
Usually they don't really like you but they go along with the flow to see if they will eventually like you. It's natural to give someone a chance even if you don't really like them from the start. The problem is that after figuring out they don't like you and they will meet with someone else, they don't tell you and just disappear. Edit: It is possible that you might have raised some red flags and he didn't want to hurt your feelings, which is bad because you'll never know what were those red flags and you can't learn from your mistakes.
Pentru ca folosești apple music. Asculta melodiile alea cu spotify premium și vor suna mai bine.
daca nu imi e cu suparare, ce face mai exact Ubuntu pentru privacy? Si mai specific, cum te apara pe tine?
Si VBScripting, sa nu uitam de VBScripting.
Sunt pe LinkedIn?
Fly from your location to Cluj-Napoca, start with this and then go to Brasov from here. It takes about 4h 40 by bus and the price is somewhere around 100RON (about 22 euros [https://www.autogari.ro/Transport/ClujNapoca-Brasov](https://www.autogari.ro/Transport/ClujNapoca-Brasov) ). After that, go from Brasov to Bucharest by train (Takes about 3 hours) and the price is about 70RON (17.5 EUR [https://www.cfrcalatori.ro/en/](https://www.cfrcalatori.ro/en/) ) From here you can plan your trip to ukraine. You can fly from Bucharest to Odessa for about 200$, via Istanbul. Check [skyscanner.com](https://skyscanner.com) if you want to plan it differently. &amp;#x200B; OR you can start with Ukraine, then fly to Vienna - &gt; Cluj-Napoca and have Bucharest as last city to visit.
Oh so you're being bullied for being tall, just like short people are being bullied for being short? Who would have known that people are shit regardless of their height. &amp;#x200B; The best way to deal with it is to wave and smile, really, it turns them down basically.
I came here expecting superficial gay people. Was not disappointed.
No. I'm from Romania and we have vampires as hookers here. they are always erect.
I wonder if I can play civilization 6 at work...? &amp;#x200B; This is a not safe for work question.
Impulse are cel mai bun playlist de seara, in special dupa ora 20 cand intra mixurile alea blanao. &amp;#x200B; Totusi... de ce sunt dezbracati acolo? Si a 2 a intrebare, au sosete sau nu? Parca acolo vad o soseta portocalie.
Cum face ala cu capu, mai are putin si pica peste ea
Blana, dar pentru analfabeti. pentru ca toti aia care ascultam muzica house / dance suntem analfabeti hahaha
Sunt locuri in IT si in Cluj. Eu sunt mai curios de ce esti dispusa sa iti strici viitorul facand ceva ce nu vrei doar de dragul parintilor.. nu-ti cunosc situatia, dar cred ca ar trebui sa ai o discutie cu ei in acest sens. &amp;#x200B; Si ai mei au incercat sa ma dea la medicina dar csf nu am facultate heeeheee.
Iti dai seama daca mergeam la arte sau ceva facultate dezamagitoare
Am si eu un prieten care studiaza medicina si isi cam regreta alegerea pentru ca nu este cum credea el ca este. A ales acest domeniu probabil si influentat de parinti si pentru ego, ca e maret sa fii doctor, poate acelasi argument ti-l dau si ai tai. Problema este ca pana sa ajungi sa profesezi calumea si fara supervizare, ajungi la 30 de ani. Pana la 30 de ani deja poti sa ai 3-4-5-6-7 ani de experienta in IT care te fac aproape indispensabil si iti ofera sansa sa treci prin joburi ca Eminescu prin Veronica, daca vrei sa faci asta. Ai sanse mai mari sa gasesti ceea ce iti place. Sigur, nu e un domeniu de prestigiu sau de laudat, gen sa te laude lumea ca esti medic, sau care sa dea bine la ego. Parintii de obicei nu sunt tocmai multumiti de domeniu pentru ca stai toata ziua cu ochii in calculator, sau te asociaza cu aia care nu ies din casa. De parca la medicina nu e la fel, atata ca in loc de netflix aia baga materia de rezidentiat. Trebuie sa alegi ce crezi TU ca e bine pentru tine, indiferent de reactia parintilor. Sigur te vor certa, dar gandeste-te ca e o singura cearta si capitolul asta e inchis. Sunt convins ca ai trecut tu prin altele mai rele decat o cearta, daca nu, vei trece cu siguranta.
Cu o fata ca aia, sa fie fericit daca nu-l refuza escortele.
Pai nu a reusit, iar gheii de obicei se agata usor, mai ales daca esti hetero, eventual casatorit. E doar tristutz.
Frogs... I was traumatized when I was a child with them, I have an irrational fear towards frogs. fucking frogs
As an extrovert myself, it makes them feel good if I pick up some introvert guy and put him in the spotlight for him to get the attention he desired so much. Like.. sure the introvert guy gets to be seen as cool by girls around, but I always get the attention from other extrovert girls because they noticed what I just did. They treat me like I'm some kind of hero or good guy.
I sent the how to unflood your flooded toilet tutorial I wrote for a friend, to work a colleague. He was like... weird flex but ok.
I wonder if she wants me to make out with her boyfriend... mixed signals
Traveling, music festivals, traveling. I might do some online video prostitution to get money to be able to live, but idk.
They should use EU funds to turn this into an aqua park.
Why would it be shitty? Introverts rely on extroverts to break the barriers of social interactions they can't normally break. If you think introverts don't like being in the spotlight every now and then, you're not entirely correct. Most of introverts I met had this desire, even if they wanted to admit it or not. Doesn't mean it's something they would normally do, but it doesn't mean that given the oportunity they wouldn't take advantage of it.
No, because I eye fuck them too. yeah maybe I don't like it when some other dude eye fucks my gurl but a true alpha eye fucks the dude that eye fucked my gurl. That's how you mark your territory!
More than me? Probably knowledge about things... like geography, history, stuff like that. Knowledge I don't have. Less than me? Lack of self esteem and self confidence.
I like my "toxic masculinity" thank you very much.
If I have a bad day and still go to a date for the 3rd time, I deserve to be ghosted. It's disrespectful to go dating 3 times in a row having a bad day. But that's just my opinion.
&gt;for him to get the attention **he desired so much** So... who's doing who a service? Also: &gt;Like.. sure the introvert guy gets to be seen as cool by girls around &amp;#x200B; and then: &gt; I always get the attention from other extrovert girls because they noticed what I just did Doesn't seem like a dick move to me since I could normally get that attention without even having to deal with an introvert. You know, extroverts naturally get the attention they want and not want for just being there and annoying.
Cause we have this thing in 2019, I know it's groundbreaking, but it's called talking and being friends with someone.
Well, nobody is entirely introvert or extrovert. We are just leaning toward one or the other.
I.. Didn't think how this could be bad intent since I obviously knew the desire of the introvert in the case above, and I enforced the idea of talking and being friends. But I guess for some it's hard to believe that introverts actually have extroverts friends who they might ask to join for a party, music festival, and things like that, that are outside of his comfort zone. If he also wants to be in the spotlight why not give the spotlight to my cool friend that I introduce to these lovely ladies?
Where did I say I'm using? How did you reach this conclusion? I'm obviously helping a friend get out of his comfort zone, but whatever, I don't need to explain myself. Nice day to you too.
1. Dude, you aren't here to decide what girls are for some guy you don't know since you don't even know his intentions. Maybe he wanted sum fuck. Is that wrong?? This board is full of people asking how to human and this is basically how you human when you don't have the right set of skills for something you want to do. THIS is how you approach girls that are maybe out of your league without having to make a fool of yourself. THIS is how you make new friends if you are not a people's person. I don't understand why you keep throwing shit at me for not even comprehending the notions that IT WAS ALL PLANED. 2. No, I don't seem to think anyone who is different than me is inferior and I don't distaste introverts cause they are regular people like myself with different passions than the ones I have. 3. I don't know how to put this without sounding arrogant.... but.... I don't really need to use someone to get laid, I mean, I have female friends up and ready for my and their needs, you know? I mean I'm not above average in terms of attractiveness but I got my way with words and smiles and deep looks and all that stuff which women like. Also, some other body stuff that they may or may not like. Also, for the gold digger ones, I used to be a popular DJ so there's that. As I said, I don't need to use my friends for anything but I strongly believe here you are not defending introverts or taking a stand for them, you felt attacked and you despise guys like the one you imagine yourself I am. You are lashing out your frustration towards me, for no real reason at all. You don't care about introverts, all you care about is you. Let's not call each other selfish now, shall we? But wait... 4. We are all selfish, but I'm not using friends to get anything. I have things that I can use to help my friends be better, because they are the most important to me. They were there when my family wasn't. I could speak to them when I was in need and I could cry on their shoulder then I had, they are everything to me. So yeah if my introvert friend wants to get laid but he doesn't like people and doesn't have his way with words and being popular and whatever the society portraits as attractive these days, and I have a plan to help him, you bet your ass that man is going to get laid, regardless of what some stranger on the internet might think. But would you do the same? 5. Try using it on the internet too. PS. Please don't assume I'm lazily writing anything, I'm not a native English speaking person and I'm doing my best to have proper grammar and spelling, that implies effort from my side.
&gt; I pick up some introvert guy and ... Maybe poor writing from my part, but as I explained here, it was all planned. throwing a random person into the spotlight that I never talked to before is not a good thing to do because that's basically a form of bullying someone. It's high school all over again.
That might also mean that someone wants to end you....
Well... I always told people in your situation to work out. This might be a shitty advice but... put it like this: You eat plenty and you also eat sweets, that have a %chance of causing some health issues and bad mood. If you work out, you burn that stuff out. The % chance is reduced and you don't feel bad anymore either. Stupid, but it works. You don't have to work out for a six pack, you can always work out just so you can eat more sweets!
Maybe she's into "choke me stranger" too, who knows
Well.... I don't want to be a dick but since you are his ex isn't it normal that he doesn't show emotions? Let the man deal with his demons for a bit, talk to his parents if you are concerned and have them talk to him.
If you fuck up the form, don't shave it. Let it be, it'll be fine within a week.
Oh okay, I was suggesting to work out for the health benefits more than the looking good benefits. That's my reason at least. Do you like tea? Valerian tea is good for anxiety and headaches. Also make sure you drink plenty of water. Not sure about your stats, but if you do sports, you need at least 3.5L of water (110 oz?) a day. Water, not soda.
I'm 26 until next month.
14
Cernobyl reactor 4. It will help you radiate confidence. You didn't see graphite on the ground because it was not there! - a confident man. Anyway, are you confident? If not, you don't have any confidence to radiate. If yes, then people already know and it's visible.
A device that can help me feed my cat from work. Nvm, you need gift ideas. 😭 Some other time, one eyed samurai cat Yohjimoto, promise.
The fact that I'm short. It used to be an insecurity, especially in the world of internet dating but as I moved from internet to real life, things got way better and I Kinda got used to it, not everyone likes short guys, and that's perfectly fine because I only need 1 person to like me. Also not all guys like short guys and they see them as inferior, not very cool, but ok again. Some other guys respect me more for developing a thick layer of skin and grow some balls to not be offended by bad intended people. That being said, I got over this insecurity when I freed myself from the notion of having to be perfect for someone or for the society. Self confidence increased, people noticed it and I gained even more respect, which just added more self confidence.
I don't do it and the reward for it is more intense better sex. But if we're talking about cumming, I think it was about 2 weeks ?
What's a Pan dude?
It doesn't affect my adult life, problems of the past remain in the past and the issues I had were resolved before transitioning into full adulthood (I'm 26, this counts as adult right?). I believe childhood issues don't really affect adults as adults tend to be more rational and have a better understanding of the world. Being egocentric is NOT a childhood issue, but it can turn your childhood issues into adult problems as you can't understand the dynamics involved in your childhood. As an adult you can fully understand why your father was a dick and you can let it go because your father no longer bothers you, as an adult you can fully understand why you were bullied or why the math teacher had something against you or whatever, without carrying these problems in your adult life. It gets tricky when your ego is too big to understand that you aren't entitled to anything as an adult (including validation, attention and what not) just because you had a bad childhood. Not understanding this dynamic will lead to a constant sense of unfairness, like the world is unfair to you, and you are a good guy that was abused and doesn't get his way. You're not supposed to get your way, you're supposed to be a functional adult in society that dealt with his childhood issues while transitioning to the adult life.
Nu ai luat în calcul și faptul ca produsul cumpărat de tine se devalorizează. Dacă iei un iPhone Xs în rate pe 3 ani, după un an de plata deja nu mai are aceasi valoare, dar mai ai încă 2 ani de plata. Beneficiul este ca nu iti face gaura în buget, dar nimeni nu iese cu adevărat în pierdere. Producătorul ia bani 3 ani de zile de la tine chit ca produsul e mai ieftin între timp, dar nici tu nu faci un efort imens ca să achiziționezi acel produs.
Ah ok, nu știam asta. Credeam ca reclamele alea la plătește în 12 rate egale folosind cardul x sunt un fel de subscripție cu firma de distribuție sau producător. Singurele chestii luate de mine în rate au fost biletele la Ultra Europe și acolo nu avea treaba banca, trebuia sa am suma respectiva pe card și atât. Nu sunt sigur, dar parca și eMag avea un model similar la un moment dat. Colegul de camera și-a luat un telefon asa, fără credit de la banca, fără taxe, fără comisioane, fără cont nou. Trebuia sa aibă banii în cont și parca avusese de dat ceva avans pentru telefon.
De ce? Dacă cumperi acum produsul cu banii jos dai 3600 lei, dacă îl cumperi în rate pe 3 ani, dai 3326 după cum a spus OP, dar daca aștepți 3 ani același produs îl cumperi probabil cu 3000 sau chiar mai puțin.
The glass of water is shaking too, well done the guardian! /s
Cine era milionarul?
Bucuresti are cosuri de gunoi ?
Ehhh. E frumos orasul in sine, administratia de acolo nu e minunata.
Ah, deci probabil in Iosia vor fi in 2020. Ca de obicei.
Noi inovam HDR-ul prin folosirea efectelor, filtrelor, photoshopului incat sa para poza desprinsa din realitate, ne pricepem la asta din cate vad pe Hot. Comparativ, pe r/Sweden nu vezi nicio poza cu natura frumoasa editata cu filtre, efecte si photoshop. Poate aia in loc sa-si piarda vremea cu "fotografie" de reddit, isi strica creierul cautand idei inovative. Numa zic, asa un pic de hate, in legatura cu faptul ca nu ne avem prioritatile puse in regula. Ps. Cand a fost ultima idee decenta pe Hot la noi? Ca eu n-am vazut niciuna, majoritatea sunt pe new cu o gramada de persoane cautand nod in papura, oarecum incercand sa-l convinga pe OP sa renunte. Cam asa se intampla si in viata de zi cu zi, unde esti descurajat de toata lumea in momentul in care ai o idee, fie ea buna sau rea (daca e rea, nu trebuie oprita ci ajustata). Macar avem natura frumoasa, pe reddit. &amp;#x200B; /rant
La cluj nu avem metrou, deci nu pot sa zic ca articolul e o prostie. dar pot totusi sa spun ca e o prostie pentru ca e scris de Vice. Corporatistii intr-adevar nu sunt cei mai fericiti oameni, se aduna frustrari multe in birou si probabil esti satul de barfe de liceu. De aici pana la faptul ca te deranjeaza ca trebuie sa schimbi linia de metro e cale lunga. Articolul este o dramatizare / exagerare, eu ca si corporatist nu am avut de suferit in acest mod. Pentru simplu fapt ca am o alta mentalitate, munca pentru mine (Eram la Gameloft) insemna doar o sursa de venit care sa ma ajute sa ma intretin (nu prea ma ajuta ce-i drept). Imi displacea sa ma trezesc devreme, sa merg la munca si sa fac aceasi chestie in fiecare zi, dar conta mai mult pauzele in care mai povesteam, mai radeam, si acum fiind plecat de acolo parca imi este dor. Nu am stat niciodata peste program decat daca am vrut si niciodata fara sa fiu platit, nu te obliga nimeni sa stai decat daca vrei tu sa dai bine. Daca vrei sa pari de treaba si sa fi putin lingau ca sa te integrezi in grupul de cool guys care stau cu seful la cafea, atunci iti meriti soarta. Pana la urma aceste consecinte descrise in articol nu sunt altceva decat rezultatul unor alegeri proaste si neasumate. Orgoliul multora ii opreste din a realiza acest lucru si prefera sa dea vina pe altcineva sau pe alte chestii, pentru ca e mai usor sa spui ca sistemul e prost, nu alegerile tale. Parerea mea.
I don't believe religion affects a culture's view on masculinity. The society does and religion is part of a society. I was born as an Orthodox and we don't have anything remotely damaging or enhancing in the bible, nothing the society doesn't do anyway. This religion says that the woman should be loyal to the man and the man should be loyal to the woman, this is valid regardless. Relationships work if there's loyalty involved. Lies, and I don't mean just cheating, can be very damaging. In the Orthodox religion women and men are equal, as they are made as such. Men are seen as head of family and providers for women, which still stands true in the society. That doesn't mean women are inferior, they are equal to men, but they have different roles in a family. Men are the head of women as well but men have to sacrifice themselves for their women, which in the traditional families who are still religious, still applies to some extent. The man suffers a little bit more, but the women are submissive to men.
180 plus heels. I'm 165cm so they can't really be too tall. Thankfully, most of girls here are somewhere around 170-175 anyway.
Get male friends and step out of your comfort zone. When they invite you to do things outside, go outside. Conversations are easy to made out of memories and experiences, even if they are good or bad. People are boring because they don't do anything and they don't have any good or bad experiences to talk about.
Not really. The filters broke the quality of the images and the beauty of the pictures.
Through your bio. Make interesting stories (or teasers) and have people go to your bio to click the link. My bio is like: Wrote an interesting article, check it out below + link. And I made a story with a screenshot from that article, advising people to go click the link in the bio if they want to read it.
I wouldn't click on any shady link. I think the best way to interact with your audience is to directly speak to them. Not.. hey there's this list of articles go read them. Make it more personal and unique, people like that. At least until you're big enough to afford to use a list of articles.
Yeah, go ahead, tell them you want to do things because you feel like you're not doing much these days.
How?
Still don't understand how that's inferior. Being submissive doesn't mean you're a worse person or inferior.
Explain how if you disagree. I can explain why they are not inferior. Men are generally physically stronger than women, there's no debate here, this is a fact. Also men have great problem solving skills, which is why these 2 things define the roles men have in a household. Women can empathize better, they have a better sense of responsibility and they are some what more selfless than men, making them way better than men in terms of childcare, household care and some other things. A woman will manage the finances of a family better than a man, especially on a tight budget. Men, on the other hand, having more strength and better problem solving skills are better for work, especially heavy physical work such as chopping wood, lifting things, fixing things, building and so on. They provide, women take care of what they provide and together they make things work great. This is strictly in a traditional family, the society has developed beyond this and a family can be made of 2 women or 2 men, (we're not talking about homosexuality) one of them always takes the role of being submissive and do what the woman was supposed to do in the traditional family. Women can provide too, they can train to have the skills men have because they are not limited in this regard, it's just that they don't have them by default. Just as men can empathize and be excellent care takers, it's just that they don't have this by default. It all comes down to the circumstances. In my family, both my parents work, but if I am to say who has the hardest job, I'd totally say dad. Given the fact that he works for the entire day and my mom is home by 3PM, it would be disrespectful of her to not cook and expect dad to cook when he comes home. So she submits and cooks, does laundry and whatever housekeeping needs to be done. At the end of the day they are both as tired, sit down, eat, make love and sleep. Nobody is inferior to nobody, they just have different roles. Dad doesn't tell mom what to do, mom already knows what she has to do even if at times she doesn't like it. Why? Cause if she'd sit on her ass and watch soap operas until dad arrives home, their marriage surely wouldn't be as good as it is, we (me and my sister) wouldn't be as good as we are, we never lacked a good meal and our mom was never lazy or arrogant to not submit to the needs of the family, just like dad submits to the needs of the family and bring money, fix stuff around the house, clean in the weekend, and so on.
A king is nothing without his followers. God is nothing without his followers. A man is nothing without his woman. (Terms and conditions apply, society has changed, a man can be perfectly fine with another man, just like a woman is perfectly fine with another woman) Also I said this isn't religious system, this is how society works. You can yell sexism all you want but you're not going to change facts or how the society works. I don't agree with religion in most of the aspects, except the maybe lets be loyal to each other part. My original post states it doesn't do anything to enhance or damage anything, it has no effect on a culture's view on masculinity. Society does. And society changed, there are dominant women and submissive men too, doesn't mean that one is inferior to the other. Ps. Submission: sub·mis·sion (səb-mĭsh′ən) n. 1. The act or fact of submitting to the power of another Men are more powerful (physically) than women, generally speaking. This is a fact. You can google.
It's a persona, that stuff gets many clicks.
I'm not writing an essay, I just tend to write a lot. Practicing it on the internet basically. Well, in a society both hold the power for different things. At least that's what I noticed.
That's up to OP. Clicks means revenue or validation. I personally wouldn't date anyone with a persona online, but that's just me. Edit: I used to run a music channel as well, I used stuff I normally don't use to get these clicks and that sweet revenue. I called it musical prostitution.
Well.. this is gonna sound bad, but I don't date people with that kind of anxiety... But as far as I can tell, you need to respect her wish. If she has an episode, and she wants to stay quiet, you can just stay quiet with her and hug her, if you try and she pushes you away, just go away and ask her later if she's better. You don't have to do much, you have to do what she needs you to do and show that you care and respect her wish.
I think it's a thing you feel. Like.. if she only starts a conversation when she needs something or sends me a meme or whatever, and doesn't care to say hi and checkup on me in the morning, I wouldn't call her anything more than a friend. Same goes if I start a conversation and she answers with single words.
I think online dating just fuels frustrations even more, rejection didn't feel so bad when dating was mostly offline. I'm short too, and this wasn't really a problem.. but the fact that I had to go through a bunch of one-word conversation to actually speak to a decent person was frustrating. I need to be able to hold a conversation with someone before I can go out with them, I'm afraid of that awkward silence and online dating just fuels this fear even more. &amp;#x200B; I'd just swipe everyone and see who says hi first.
I never said I view them as equal in the first place, did I? I just said what the religion book says about them. I disagree that being submissive means being inferior as a whole. Maybe you're just dumb at math so you're submissive to someone who isn't dumb at math in a situation that requires math. Doesn't mean you're a worse person than someone who is good at math, it just means you are not good at math and probably good at something else. This isn't about what I believe, it's about the interpretation of a text. The orthodox bible sees men and women as equal "in the eyes of god" but different. I don't see them equal in the eyes of anyone. Men and women, men and men, women and women are not equal. And they will never be. But religion does see them as equal, which is what this topic is about.
More importantly, don't take your pets for a walk. Their pretty paws will be burnt.
That is correct, yes. Also it's not my religion, I was born with it because you as an infant don't really have a choice. I'm an atheist, or spiritualist at best, but I don't follow a certain religion. I follow what's good and bad for me and is within the applicable laws. I don't believe society is going to change and religion isn't going to disappear, unfortunately. I would love to ban religion, but I don't have that kind of power. There are movements to have at least an equal playing field for men and women, which is a good start, but in the end it will only matter if we embrace our differences instead of trying to cripple the other gender/sex.
Political correctness. Freedom of speech is a constitutional right as long as what I say is not illegal. I am very happy if I speak my mind, even if what I say or do might offend a bunch of people, but it is not illegal. Political correctness is a form of censorship and the punishment for breaking this form of censorship is usually hate, a few threats, and such. I'm a diplomatic person when the situation asks for it, but I am not politically correct unless I consider I need to be. This gives me the (false?) sense of control over what I can say and can't say, which enables me to be self confident in what I say, one thing leads to the other and now I'm self confident and happy.
Yeah, gotta check those gains. Feels like small hard tits.
As far as I know, we don't really care about that in Romania.
Yeah, something like that, basically political correctness is being nice to people so you don't say anything that might upset them a bit.... It sounds nice but there isn't much you can say that isn't offensive these days and this is my problem with it. I bet someone was offended by my comment too.
Well the society is getting worse and I tried to express opinions and I was attacked each time so noooo thank you. I'm just going to sit back and watch how it destroys itself in confusion.
A zis bahmuteanca ca daca nu ai dry cooker nu esti gospodina adevarata.
Not a troll either, but you can see a society flaw right in your comment. You are not allowed to express an opinion without someone labeling you as a troll, bigot or whatever. Have a wonderful weekend.
Yes, I am aware of that and you are correct. I wouldn't consider someone disagreeing with me or stopping me from saying something as a violation of my rights, but if I am allowed to talk, then I have the freedom to say whatever I want to say as long as it still complies with the applicable laws. There are very few cases when something an individual says is not complying with the applicable laws, e.g death threats. Other ''on the edge'' things like "Trans women are men" are not illegal, but the society punishes you for that by even restricting your access to a service, which is not illegal. These fall into the category of "society rules for political correctness". I think the UK started to enforce law for society rules, labeling certain society rules violations as "Hate Crime", this is, I believe, a case where your constitutional right for freedom of speech is violated. (e.g the woman arrested for calling a transgender person him instead of she, if the news sources were actually reliable). Since there are no applicable laws for a situation like this in the EU and my country as far as I know, I don't have to be politically correct if I don't want to. And this ''freedom'' feels quite nice to be honest. Sorry for long comment, bad habit of writing too much.
&gt;Roman Catholic 67.8%, &gt; &gt;atheist 9.1%, &gt; &gt;other 2.2%, &gt; &gt;non-believer 18.4%, &gt; &gt;unspecified 2.5% (2016 est.) Yup, they are. Not sure if exactly "white" white, but they are a mixture between Mediterranean and Nordic types, which is basically white and tanned white? Not sure.
Photoshop
Mia Khalifa is a Muslim girl right?
Update my Instagram story with "LOL gonna die in 60 minutes. Big mood"
Might spend the night playing civilization 5. Just came home from an office party.
Roller-coaster of emotions.
I did not do that. No making out with co-workers policy. But I had plenty of Cuba libres. We played beer pong too so some Civ5 right now would surely be interesting. 😂😂
You just proved my point 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Down vote more, your inability to do anything to change something is even more satisfying. 😂😂
I listen to my EDM &amp; world spotify playlist. It has about 450 songs so I'll never finish it if I keep it on shuffle.
I don't think there are happy stories about that. They went through a divorce probably and that child probably has some issues, like most children who's parents go through divorce.
I'm not sure. Accents, yes, like the Transylvania/Ardeal accent is a little bit different. The Moldavian accent is different as well, but for some Latin speaking person, the Ardeal one might be a little bit harder as it is influenced by hungarian and maybe German. As for dialects, I'm not sure we have many, as far as I know they are different from accents.
Nah fam. These are examples and he jumped to insult me right away without even taking this into consideration. Also I was never banned on Twitter cause I don't post shit like this online in the first place, unless I'm in a weird hater/asshole mood. In fact, politically correct people and politically incorrect people are both asshole on different sides of the coin.
Do we still have people who speak these dialects? I'm aware of aromanians living in Dobrogea (might be wrong),but others, not sure.
So this is how it feels when the acid kicks in
She wouldn't be my girlfriend anymore. I'm not really tolerant towards any form of political activism.
Do they give you fliers if you pass by? I mean one out of 60,000 surely wants to impress and wants to recruit even during a convention.
Stay hydrated! Also avoid cold showers. Cold showers are not good during the summer. Hot showers are good, here's why, in case you don't know already. Your body functions will always try to keep your body temperature at that sweet sweet spot, doing so, it either heats up your body to reach that temperature over the course of a few hours, either cool it down. Now, if you have a cold shower, your body functions will try to heat it up back to the normal values, and once you are out of the shower, you will sweat like a pig and it will seem hotter than before that shower. On the other hand, if you take a hot shower, your body will want to cool down because you raised its temperature, so once you get out of the shower it will seem colder than when you got there, because your body tries to cool off. This will give you the feeling of a nice cold breeze during the summer.
Or not rich enough.. ☹️
The batista bomb
U
No :(
Night mode on?
La nova 5t ii zice night mode sau Ai mode 😴
I cut my hair myself, one day I did some fuckup and ended up cutting my hair very short on the sides. Thats how I found out military (and all variations of it) suits me.
Tom Holland, David Beckham....
Maybe 1-2 minutes? I was 14 and very embarrassed about my poor performance as my only reference was porn back then.
Someone called me fragile masculine because I don't like doing certain things. I just said "whatever helps you sleep at night". I didn't really feel attacked, I had no reasons to. Also reading the left wing us/UK propaganda, I kinda laugh at how retarded they are, and whenever they say I should feel bad because of whatever reason, I don't, I feel good.
People are who they want to be online, if someone doesn't like you online, it means they don't like your online persona. People are who they truly are offline, so whatever happens online should not define your offline person.
Look at a corner and sing a dumb child song in your head. Trust me it works.
Joker Zombieland: double tap was pretty good too.
Isn't love a lie?
Ask Katie what movie she wants to see on Netflix.
Women's what?
Asking for money and never return it. I hate it when I have to bring it up to people that they need to give me back some money.
I'm comfortable. Some friends have seen me naked plenty of times. They aren't comfortable being naked in front of me, at least not as comfortable, but doesn't bother them if I'm totally naked in the lockers or whatever
Well going to the therapist is still seen as something people with issues do. Which is not very far from truth, people here go to therapy only when they already have issues and expect some magic fix.
I think I felt out of place in Basel. I was there for a brief period of time, but I kinda feel uncomfortable about everything. Like.. Why is it so weird to eat Mc Donald's at 10 in the morning, or why do people look weird at you when you ask how to buy tickets for buses, or.. Why is "is Uber working here?" such an odd question. Plus, I felt too fancy dressed compared to how people dress there, or maybe it was the rain. I don't know.
I don't think people think about curly hair enough to have an opinion about it.
Unfortunately we can't really betray the US and Iran can't really give us anything we don't already have.
N
Sooo... They don't like protests, lgbtq and fat people on their app, their app, THEIR APP, so they suppress the content (or remove it in some cases) and people raise their pitchforks? Sad that the same people are perfectly fine with censoring free speech and creation in other areas. If you think about it, limiting the reach of special users is good for them, that way, their content won't end up in countries where the said content is not suitable. Make up your mind. Do you want free speech or controlled environment?
Portugal and Spain maybe?
Also the best channel on the internet.
Not sure what's that in cms, but I don't know my size either. What I can say is that sometimes it wasn't enough, sometimes it was more than enough. Depends on who you click with. You should not worry about that now. Have sex, get feedback, then you will know what you need to improve. Hint: it will not be your size.
N-am mai avut de mult o invazie
Eu am twitter, dar il folosesc numa sa mai citesc propaganda din vest si cateodata sa ma cert cu retarzii lor de stanga.
Count me in, I'm sick of this shit.
We were playing football (soccer) on the street and the ball went under a parked car, so I wanted to do slide under it and push it out, which I did, quite spectacular actually. Then I noticed my leg was full of blood because I cut myself in the some rusty thing under the car. I still have a dark 2cm scar on my leg (dark because for some reason the black residues were tattooed on my injured skin) Why couldn't I just get the ball like normal people?
People who send me voice messages even if I told them 2 seconds ago that I'm in a meeting or with someone.
Yesterday, I didn't know why my penis is so red. False alarm because I know why it was so red.
It made me think that I am not worthy of attractive people. But that was in the past. Now I know what lures them to me. 😂
Spotify uwp app.
Gen Z won't run anything except Anxiety OS with depression update 3.0
Donde esta la biblioteca jajajajaja
Free movement and no need for passports or things like that.
Super white teeth creep me out, but a nice smile, regardless if teeth are crooked or not will always be appealing to me. People are generally more beautiful when they smile, including you.
Hey wanna have lame sex and cry 20 minutes after because it was lame?
I destroyed a kalista when she was relevant with BT + IE + Hurricane soraka. Don't underestimate how annoying of an adc soraka can be especially in low elo or normal games.
Ei n-au făcut la fel după ce au fost ultrasii nostri rasisti?
Is "non heterosexuals" the inclusive term? 😂 We call them homosexuals, or gay people.
Înainte de plângea lumea ca nu se implica, acum te întrebi de ce se implica?
Hey, at least it's not another stadium, right?
I think it's a bad competition that is way too expensive and our country should just pull out, without a stupid reason if possible. We don't watch it anyway, they can just bail out and not join anymore. We don't send important artists anyway.
Who are you
Nu, dar am învățat ca dacă unei femei nu ii place pula, cel mai sigur problema e la mine.
Nu ma pricep, dar ce se întâmplă dacă faci asta? Crapă asfaltul nou sau nu se prinde?
Ce proasta e femeia asta. 😂😂
Lucrare făcută de mântuială, am tot văzut dinastea.
I came here to say this. Nothing netflix touches doesn't go too well.
"Au furat, dar macar au facut si ei ceva la schimb... "
Cine?
Mulțumesc pentru informație. Nimeni relevant pentru mine.
Ai un pfa? Cu pfa e cel mai ușor sa prestezi servicii de genul, cum ar fi acest server.
Credeam ca e o tara libera 😯 Snowflakes
Apa, shake de proteine, Coca Cola la doza, vin, Jack. Ordinea reprezinta "cât de des" beau.
Este. Când ești prea sensibil la părerea altcuiva care nu te vizează pe tine, ești snowflake.
Acolo o sa fie saga festival
So will she still play Rachel in suits? I didn't catch up, but she had to stop playing that role didn't she? &amp;#x200B; Asking the important questions
Deci nu o sa se facă. Cei din plus nu prea ii tolerează pe cei din usr, dar știu ca au nevoie de ei.
As avea câteva probleme pe care sigur le-ar putea rezolva. Sexy e femeia asta.
N-am nevoie, sunt pro. Dar tu tot analfabet ramai
\&gt;The guardian &amp;#x200B; \&gt;Science &amp;#x200B; Naaah, I don't think I'll click on that. The guardian really messed up their reputation for me.
Maybe Europe didn't like the bombings, idk, maybe that's just the root cause for Islamophobia? On a more serious note: Religion is dropping in Europe, why wouldn't europe drop Islam as well? Religion is simply not compatible with the current European values.
I think it's DIGI group. They have the DIGI internet network as well, pretty popular in some European countries.
In Oradea we used to go every weekend in Hungary for shopping.
I'm okay with that, I think that's the way to go.
Vaslui, Moldova. Interesting things are happening there.
Garlic sauce. It's the go-to for pretty much everything, I'd say. Figures, since we had an alleged vampire problem.
Czechia, they have dark humor and politically incorrect humor, just like us.
Ce scutire de impozit ? Aia prin care daca ai diploma in domeniu si firma este eligibila, platesti mai putin impozit? Oricum nu-s eligibil nici eu nici firma.
People's rights, specifically LGBT. Freedom of speech. Freedom of choice. Stuff like that.
Remove religion entirely from Poland, and Europe. See what you get. Will people change overnight? No, but their arguments will no longer be religion based. Poland is basing their laws on religion.
It was in the past, we refer to it as a region
No, we don't really care about the British royal family, or about what happens there to be honest
I stay hard through the entire duration of foreplay, which includes going down on each other, during penetrative sex and after it. The downfall is that I dont last that long.
I'm not one of these, but I know some people built their following by following a bunch of people, posting daily and well.. Being attractive or traveling a lot. I'm not sure if following a bunch of people works anymore.
To not ghost them. I think it's rude to ghost people. I'd rather let them know I didn't like it, and why. Without being rude.
Yes we do. These mean mom and dad (tata in Romanian).
Anywhere you feel like it. Mostly depends on people, if they are in the mood for that.
So if I read this correctly, the prices for houses went down but the rent went up, in Romania? Seems about right. I plan on buying a house and pay 10 / 20 years because it would be cheaper than rent tbh.
Dublin, i didn't hear good things about London.
Unfortunately passion turn into business and my soul died with that passion. I was a DJ. I made nice money, about $5000 before I gave up.
I thought I'm on the wrong section 😂
In the snow, outside in the balcony. Can't say it was the best stuff ever.
It bacame stressful, contracts were pilling up and I just didn't feel like I'm enjoying doing that.
You can drink coke, and maybe order nachos (bars here serve some sort of food type)
I was underweight too, then I got lean through gym and diet (eating more but balanced and healthy) then I took supplements and it all went to shit. It was a mistake, don't take supplements if you are underweight, you'll get a belly..
Sometimes I give birth to some stuff, just for friends basically. But I don't have the same drive I used to have.
I don't have a wife, bro. calm your anus.
Depressing, isn't it?
Can't relate 😭
Ai zis s&amp;d și ai tras apa.
Of course. There is a library with curses from most of European countries on github, I can link it if you want.
Unt / margarina, rosii, salam de vara uscat / muschi afumat, telemea, gogosar. Cam 2 felii de paine una peste alta. Asa mancam cand eram mic, doamne bun era.
Prin 2000 nu prea imi placea untura de porc, era margarina delma delikioasa si cankeroasa.
European center right LGBT alliance. Whaaaat. How do you expect to be included in a society when you create an alliance that literally segregates you? As for the topics, the directive is nice, but it is risky to force some values onto some countries that are not yet compatible with these values. Cut the funds for Poland and Hungary and you will give them one more reason to leave the EU, the LGBT people there will be directly hit by this because the eu can't protect them anymore, at all. See Russia.
Thats fascism too bro.
Just like hetero people, basically.
I had the chance to move but I said no, I don't know what's wrong with me tbh
Check the heights in europe... you'll do just fine. I'm 165cm and I have no issues tbh.
They formed political parties (S&amp;D) to fuck the country for about 20-30years.
Aren't 99% of people in, or looking for a monogamous relationship?
I would just point out that sometimes it is important to understand why the SO does it. Sometimes it might be that he/she is narcisist and enjoys the compliments, attention, etc, and he/she doesn't want to hurt you. That way you can help him/her workaround this trait to stop flirting especially if it bothers you.
Prove me wrong please. Seriously, please do it, I'm not aware of what the current stats say. It's just an assumption based on what I see in my social bubble, country, region or even continent. You don't have to be rude.
These are values of the union indeed, but you know why this union exists? To prevent war and preserve peace. Kick central/eastern Europe out, see how fast these countries will start causing serious trouble. Instead, the union can suggest things and approve budgets for education that will teach people to be tolerant. Educated people are usually tolerant. It's always better to give incentives rather than punishing.
The need for validation and the fabric of the society is slowly breaking.
"they aren't like us so they cant exist" sounds pretty fascist to me. Allies were not fascists because they allowed everyone to co-exist, including the fascists. Besides the casualties, the people supporting the old regime were not murdered. Anti-fa is fascist as well, no matter how much they claim to be against fascism. You can't claim that you are anti-fascist by applying fascist logic to your actions. If you want to stop the acts of these extremists, you should come up with other ways, like jail time, education, satisfying their needs (people turn to fascism when something goes horribly wrong) as a government.
Well the need for more money / resources that can be converted into money is a pretty good reason to start a war. The EU prevents that by enabling countries to trade and keep the poorer ones above a poverty threshold, through funding. It's a slow process tho.
I never said they were. Never implied that either.
If only. You are either a communist or a nazi, to antifa. Come on, they are a terrorist organization nowadays. Please don't kill me because I have a different opinion that yours.
Beating and assaulting people because they have different views is pretty fascist isn't it? I'm not talking about the link, those are not different views, that's radical right wing stuff, plain stupidity or fascism.
Tell that to antifa, not to me. Cause I'm not calling it anything, I'm just following an established pattern. We're on the same page.
I've been called to Hungary, Serbia (neighbors), Italy, Spain, Poland and The Netherlands. I denied all offers for a reason I don't understand. I don't understand what keeps me here.
I guess we have different views then, agree to disagree.
They do seem pretty organized.
So you're a hooligan?
How does he look like when he is not smiling and enjoying something? He doesn't look very happy in this Pic.
You mean like Jehova's Witnesses? They aren't many but they are visible, like that annoying wish dot com ad you keep seeing on Facebook. They just have book stands outside, they are fairly quiet.
I think resources running out will most likely trigger a war.
Barbeque, Paprika, Onion and Yogurt, Salt, Cheese, Hot Salsa. Each has 2+ variations, normal chips and the one that is crunchy.
We recently adopted more laws in this regard, you can face jail time for abusing animals. In urban regions there aren't as many street animals as there used to be, there are some cats and dogs but I haven't read anything regarding them, good or bad. Where i lived there were some trashcan cats, that were basically getting food from people that lived nearby and some improvised shelter as well, just to protect from snow, wind, rain, stuff like that.
I think it's Poland and Austria. We don't border them but in my social bubble, we consider them neighbors.
It's not about the prey, it's about the hunt. The hunt is thrilling and makes the prey much better. Apply this to anything and you understood men.
Fixed, swift key didn't like prey it seems.
Did you see me dance? What else do I need? 😂 No joke.
White people are trash - not racism Black people are trash - racism Twitter logic
Reward center. Everything that triggers a hit in it will feel much better. Examples: what I said earlier VS nudes on the internet Making your own food will make the food taste much better compared to the exact same food, but ordered. Putting new sheets on the bed and sleeping on them will feel much better than having your mom put new sheets and then you sleep on them. Every reward that you receive thanks to your work or actions will feel much better than having it effortless / free, because it will trigger a hit in the reward center of your brain. This is how the male brain works, dunno about female.
I like how they say "her speech" even if it was proven just 5 days ago that none of the shit she says is written by her. I'm waiting the next meltdown of this annoying child.
Yes, obviously. I'm as impartial as possible. Like.. those speeches you see at the golden globes, they are all scripted, work done by marketing/PR team. If I like the speech I will praise the PR, not the person delivering the speech.
Free speech is fine, activism in universities is not. You can say that you like X Y Z political party, you cannot condemn anyone not liking the same party and you can't militate for that party and carry a campaign for them. It simply doesn't feel right. We don't have that stuff in our universities yet, except during elections where people discuss politics as a cigar/coffee topic instead of small topic, but never argue about it.
Romania is 70, not great, but terrible.
I'm not getting frustrated, that's the first thing. The second thing is that most of people who have a PR behind them don't deny that, Greta denied it several times. And considering this lie, she still gets praised. Hypocrisy and ignorance are always irritating. I would like for her to disappear from the spotlight entirely and leave her father do the work.
Of course they turned into an "equality" article. I hate journalism these days. I hate how they downplay females like that. Congratulations to her, hopefully she will do a better job for Greece.
I unsubscribe from channels I no longer watch, and I no longer watch them because I changed my preferences on youtube not because they are doing something wrong.
Chad's flag looks very good
Does my ex count?
Older generations need to go tbh. But it's a natural process that happens anyway, time will fix this issue.
Anyone got this one? SaiyaJiin Jan 23, 2:15 PM PST I keep getting a message that darius needs to level up before battling, and I did that, but for some reason I keep failing the mission. I already sent a ticket. I left the mission and then it got completed and I was awarded xp.
Yes, but I don't remember when someone actually won the big prize. 6 out of 49.
I think it depends on what each of us considers abuse. There are very few things I can consider abuse, because I have a high tolerance threshold, and I don't remember last time it happen. Dick size remarks or jokes don't bother me. It would if it would be my main selling point.
There are 3 bonuses xp when you win per day, after you pass that, you will only get 100xp per win.
Pretty much. I have one with piltover &amp; Ionia I think. Got 3 alt f4s in a row. The deck is weak, but very frustrating to play against.
We need more emotes in this game. The blitz ? One would be great for this scenario
There is a unit summoned by a spell with 30 30 and overwhelm
Maybe they don't want you to play the game all day long so you could have time to play League and tft as well? After getting 100xp per win I do feel like finishing up my quests in league.
Posted on Twitter, with a verified badge, complaining about media. Hmmm.
If she checks your phone, you are doing something you shouldn't do in a relationship like... Spend time on your phone while she is around. Or ignore her but still prefer to talk to other people. Or not give her enough attention. Or indeed you aren't doing something wrong but she is crazy.
Pai nu avem pentru ca momentan e incompatibila cu societatea noastră. Dar și dacă ar acorda drepturi egale, situația gaylor nu s-ar schimba cu nimic. Tre sa te placa cineva ca să te poți căsători. #Queer nu e deloc sexy, la fel cum nici o femeie cu mustață nu e sexy. Numa zic, no hate.
Tot gulaș. Dar eu îl fac cu mai multa carne și cartofi.
De ce crezi ca societății ar trebui sa ii pese de nevoile persoanelor gay atunci?
De ce mi-ar pasa dacă cineva e discriminat din moment ce părerea mea nu contează? Intri foarte ușor în acest cerc vicios.
Ca și cetățean votezi acel stat, nu? Deci vei vota pe cineva care se apropie de valorile tale.
Tocmai, ca nu suntem o democrație moderna. Un politician nu poate sa propună treburi sensibile fără sa se sinucidă politic, iar problema este societatea.
Nu o sa se schimbe nimic nici după ce se adopta parteneriatul civil. Câțiva ani cel puțin, pana se mai deșteaptă lumea.
I think so. I created one with the sparks ar studio, but it's a card picker.
It shows that I have 1 view, something is going on.
I think you are shadow banned, you have 20 upvotes but your comment is hidden.
Would you rather buy an European phone or an iPhone?
This is the consumer attitude we need to create a demand for European tech.
Deja vor sa dea jos guvernul Orban?
Me neither. I have a Huawei nova 5t. Fantastic phone for my needs.
The impaler joined the game.
Rural areas and small cities, yeah this is accurate.
They invest the money because the Hungarians in Romania would vote for them. Isn't it annoying for you that someone born and living in a different country has the power to elect your PM and government?
The hungarian PM propaganda works in Romania too.
They don't see Hungary as their country either, but they feel like they are not represented if they don't vote for them. Which is fair, i think.
Yes, but they are born in Romania. In transylvania you can be fully romanian, apply for hungarian citizenship with minimum knowledge that anyone here has, and you get it. You don't even have to have hungarian parents. You can vote and all that. I know people who used this scheme to get visa waiver for US using hungarian citizenship. I agree on you with the stadium part, I learned about it when I was in Budapest this year. Wtf is that about? Money laundering?
Red is bad. That's all i have to say. We learnt it the hard way that "socialism" is not good.
Noo, it's the best company i ever worked for. It had the HQ in BP and an office here, in both offices there are Romanians and Hungarians, getting along just fine. That's why I feel like this internet propaganda is just that, propaganda based on the actions of a very small portion of the population.
Democratic socialism, yeah right, it's very democratic. Much like the soviet union democratic. You'll see. For the record, in my original comment I was referring to our s&amp;d. Our socialist democrats. Boy they were shitty, almost as shitty as Sweden s&amp;d.
Type C super charge? I hope. I don't know how I lived without supercharge until now tbh.
I don't have anything nice to say about the UK so I'm just going to say that I wish you all the best.
What does "at risk of poverty" means? I mean how is it calculated? Someone who bought an iPhone and can't pay rent &amp; bills this month isn't at risk of poverty, just bad at managing money.
I can agree with that, totally. In the end, money rules politics. We've been under s&amp;d since the revolution, it was bad, now we hope that with the new political powers things will be better (both socially and economically). I don't think we will ever elect any social democrat party again.
It's not their romanian time, it's their szekey town. They never said romanian town.
Yeah, I admit I am salty. But she was nominated last year too and lost. I just think there are people who did remarkable things and they were completely forgotten.
It was just an example. There are other people. Like the guy that is 17 and discovered a new planet on his 3rd day of internship, that is something I was impressed by, because I can't possibly do that. I can totally be a climate activist, anyone can.
Because I have a job and better things to do. Activism is not really my thing.
I didn't say this is bad news, for start. It doesn't affect me, or the country, at all. They never said it's their romanian town, because they don't consider it that. I was just pointing out the flaws in the title and article. I'm not blaming the Szekely / Hungarian ethnicity, I understand why they are angry about this, I don't agree with it, but I don't have to agree with it to understand it. They might have hungarian ethnicity, but they are born in Romania, therefore they are Romanian as well. Pointing out the flaws in the article doesn't take that from them.
Ethnicity and citizenship are 2 different things, as I highlighted here. Just because they are ethnic hungarian doesn't mean they are not Romanian citizens.
I think so, but they are traditional for this region, not traditional in the global sense of traditional. There's been a change in whats traditional and what is not as well. For example, many many years back, female were supposed to stay at home and men be the providers. Now, since the standards of living are going up, females can and are pursuing a career instead of being stay at home moms. This also removes some of the social pressure for men, because they no longer have to provide as much as they used to. Paternal leave exists now, where dads can stay at home with kids. Doesn't seem out of the ordinary, that is why it is seen as traditional. There are still traditional in the global sense roles for both men and women, for example, women are still seen superior for certain tasks, men are seen superior for other tasks, which comes from our biological differences. As a country, I think we embrace our biological differences and nobody seems to be bothered that there are more men working as IT engineers but more women working as doctors. More men working as police officers, more women working as lawyers. The so called gender gap is pretty low, and the gender differences are given by the choices each gender makes. Of course, there are bad things as well in some regions, as in, there are still places in the country where men are bullied for not providing enough and females are oppressed because the food is not ready. This comes from frustration, lack of education and so on, which we still struggle with as a country. There is still an attitude that women are expected to cook well and men are expected to be able to fix things, but as people move from their rural regions to the big cities, this expectation is dying. Men can do everything by themselves and so can women, but we still chose to have different tasks in a household simply because the biological differences makes us better for these tasks. Feminism is seen as an abomination (which it is, all that man hate is not good) by both genders and both genders just laugh at western civilization feminism. The concept of toxic masculinity doesn't exist either, instead, we label individuals as toxic regardless of gender. But this is just my social bubble.
I understood pretty much everything about their Old smuggler whisky in spanish.
Replace Hungary in the title with any other country from the EU, you get the same article.
I still leave my phone to charge over night for a reason I don't understand. Old habits die hard I guess.
This is a sensitive topic nobody really wants to deal with. I'm out of the loop, what's the Lybia war about?
Vice, what do you expect?
The charger has to be supercharge enabled too. I can't use my old charger with my new cable to supercharge my phone for example
Isn't that a good thing? If you have good quality of life, why would you mass migrate?
This is so accurate. But your ex still thinks of you :(
https://i.imgur.com/5MkHEN5.jpg Yes, same thing. This is called supercharge. The previous one was "quick charge", but was about 50% slower than this.
No, it just charges large batteries faster.
Articolul e bullshit, dar aparent e și pe alte site-uri, folosind sursa similara cu aia din articolul de propaganda.
Good job guys! Make sure you remember I like my mc burgers without pickles.
Android holds 80% of market share, iPhone is not the popular device.
Split beaches. I'm in love with them..well the Croatian beaches actually.
Making a U turn on double continuum line. We call it "o românească", which means "a romanian one"
None at all, just memes basically
I'm pretty sure you know why I can't say anything nice about the British tourists and because of them, I don't have anything nice to say about the UK. If you really want me to say something nice about UK.. Scotland. Scotland is fucking nice and the people there are amazing.
We never liked the gipsies, it's a known fact that Romania (the people in it to be more precise) is racist towards gipsies.
Nope, none at all. Just the memes, as usual
Outside of the social media bubble, nobody really cares about brexit.
It's pretty common, I started very early as well. We have some bad stats about that as well.
Bau bau That's the translation of it.
I understand some hungarian words, nothing from Bulgaria, some Serbian words, and everything from Moldova..
Accept cheating and forgive it, just to have a few more nice months, then I got cheated on again.
Techno, tech house, electro house and psy trance.
You react to their stories with something that isn't an emoji
Maybe this is a cultural difference between us but I find it easier because girls in my league aren't picky, or I just look better than I think. I'd go for the first option because I'm short.
Same... Now I gotta play it.
Well, it depends on how the regulation actually is. Maybe you can only set a minimum and a set of guidelines, and everyone can work with that. They will eventually be the same chargers more or less, but branded differently with small changes. Until someone comes in with innovation and EU has to update their regulations.
Nu își merita banii. Dar niciun flagship nu cred ca își merita banii, pentru simplu fapt ca o persoana nu folosește telefonul ala decât pentru: - social media - youtube - netflix/hbogo - muzica - reddit - poze - ceva joc afk care nu cere specs și merge și pe un cartof Daca ai de gând sa îl folosești pentru jocuri mai pretențioase, da, atunci poate își merita banii, sau dacă ai nevoie de o camera super performanta. Dar in rest, găsești telefoane rapide, stabile cu camera bună (selfies, zoom bun, night mode, hdr etc) sub 2000 lei, pe care te și poți juca.
Instagram ads. Nu te încurca cu influencers pentru ca ai expunere mica. De exemplu, mie mi-a dat share cineva la o chestie, pentru ca i-a plăcut nu pentru ca am cerut, și a generat 5 clicks. Din 22,000 followers. Chestia e ca followers rămân la tine pe profil și nu prea sunt încântați de ideea de a da click pe ceva ce au făcut acei influentari. Fă-ți un profil de instagram, cauta hash tags relevante pentru munca ta și postează des cu acele hash tags. Ocazional poți folosi pozele ca și reclama. Cu 30 lei poți ajunge și la 70,000 dacă ii targetezi bine. Din 70,000, 100 poate îți dau like, dar dacă 1 cumpără ce ai tu de vânzare ți-ai scos banii. Acum depinde și cat ești dispus sa pierzi
Ah, the victim card. I-auzi bre ce fac romanurile din usr cu noi, comunitatea maghiara, chiar de rusalii!!!
You can come, but we don't have guns here and laws work slightly different. The European culture is much more fragmented because there are many countries in it, but I'm pretty sure you'd find one that suits you best
Dancila in acțiune. TE PROVOC LA DUEL
I used protests to protest against protests
Defend from what? From propaganda? Cause he is not doing that. They keep playing the minority card but when our information services want to reveal data about how ethnic tensions actually are, they freak out. And you know why? Because it would cripple their credibility. If they are mistreated so bad, why did they oppose the information services?
Were feminist marches ever relevant in Europe?
We are at a solar minimum, I blame the cold weather on that.
USR: *dă afară membri pentru că își exprimă opiniile, sunt membri care se confruntă între ei, are un lider acuzat de fraudă cu bani europeni și cu o imagine de 2 lei, iar partidul per total se duce atât de rău pe apa Sâmbetei încât până și Caramitru a fugit* USR Tineret și Generația PLUS: "haha cafelutsa, PSD și PNL vin din PCR!!!" Poate zoomerii de la paginile astea ar trebui să se uite în propria curte mai întâi Copy paste de pe fb.
Let's switch! I like warm weather.
Isn't social distancing enforced in NL as well?
I like that reply, diplomatic but also savage.
But I didn't question anything, we are at a solar minimum, meaning we should expect odd colder weather, but because of the global warming, we actually feel normal (not abnormally hot) weather. We'll reach solar peak in 2025. I don't understand how this is controversial or anything. If there would have been no global warming, we'd probably feel a mini ice age. There's data about this.
The search results are pretty good on duckduckgo.
Many apps like Tinder and Grindr are offering plethora of options, from Tinder Passport to getting to view more profiles. It’s actually kind of exciting, because now you can have fun with anyone across the world. Wait, isn't grindr just for gay men? Some of my brain cells died reading this article.
Oh I don't mean by the grindr thing, I mean they died because sex is illegal. Like... What the fuck. Tinder is not just for str8 people, FYI. I know this because instead of deactivating my profile, I just switched to "I am a man looking for men" thinking it will show me in no feeds, but then I got messaged on Instagram with things like "I saw your profile on tinder"
Si eu, imi place sa nu mor la proteste.
Another reason to visit Norway. My first reason was that wolf park where you can pet wolves under some circumstances. I hope that's legit..
War
I don't understand how violent protests are going to make everyone less racist.
3. Portugal -- we're essentially the same, they seem to be having it somewhat better tho. 2. Czechia -- I like their culture and they seem to be balanced in terms of everything, I think I'd easily be assimilated by them, the only problem would be the language. 1. Germany -- They seem be having a mentally of not complaining about everything and anything for no reason, they seem to have that ''get shit done'' mentality and there are lots of opportunities there. Most of my job offers come from Germany (and the Netherlands) and they seem to appreciate skilled people and do anything they can to acquire and retain talent. It was really hard to say no to them.
I saw the protestors (US) abused a dog on TV and then they killed it. It was a white dog. Racism went through the roof.
Yeah I guess that's like white people owning black dogs just so they can own something black.
So it's illegal for festivals (or concerts bigger than 500 people) to take place due to the coronavirus, but it's not illegal for them to protest. Yep, politics in a nutshell, double standard in a nutshell.
Black faces, not really, but darker than white shade yes, because we tend to associate them with our favorite minority here, so I guess this is accurate.
Opinion incoming.... Negative sentiment is not the same as racism. Racism is basically acting on it. Acting on that negative sentiment is either by saying something dumb and not keeping your feelings for yourself, or discriminating based on that.
Yes. That's why I don't think we have negative sentiments towards black people. Cabral is a legend, probably more romanian than some romanians to be honest
Yes, that's the "acting on it" part of my opinion.
Here's a chart for you: Black people: 👍👍👍👍👍 Latino: 👍👍👍👍👍❤❤❤ White people: 👍👍👍👍👍 Gypsies: 🙄👎
It's xenophobia in our case, I'd argue. That minority has pretty much the same skin tone as South Americans, yet we can distinguish between them and we like the South Americans, probably more than we like each other. (they like us too for some reason).
Really? That's dumb. I type fast because I played league of legends and I only have about 2 seconds to tell my team how trash they are, guess that would make me a racist in this test.
Bitch, please [https://i.imgur.com/xfLH2wS.png](https://i.imgur.com/xfLH2wS.png) Romania tolerance score: 2 billions
They won't understand that this is illegal either. I'd use something like firefighters trucks to simulate heavy rain on them. I think that's inoffensive and a mild way to enforce the law. Otherwise it just creates a weird precedent and nobody will take the social distancing rules serious
&amp;#x200B; Why am I punished for breaking the same law as them, but they are not?
There's also the fear of not being racist, I think. Like.. you actively try to do the right thing and you end up doing the ''wrong thing''.
So, what you're saying, that if you have a reason, you are allowed to break the law. Why are they protesting then? The cop had "a good reason" to break the law. case closed.
The law states that no gatherings are allowed. The phrasing here states that no protests are allowed. So, why is this a law If there is always a reason to break it? Use your 200 iq brain to figure this one out. I get why people feel the need to protest in the US, I don't get why people feel the need to protest in France. Especially because it's illegal and creates injustice.
Yes but I wouldn't be labeled as racist if I type negative things fast about white people. That's what my statement implies. You can be racist against white people, but these studies assume you can't.
If that is the case, my argument is no longer relevant.
Are they making all of you look bad in the eyes of other Europeans? Possibly being the argument of brexit?
Poți face ads. Buget de 20-30 lei ai avea disponibil pentru asta?
I find festivals much more useful than these BLM protests.
For me to become the Supreme leader of a United Europe. Until then, my opinions are irrelevant on so many levels.
I agree, but nowadays racism tends to be used for other political purposes, which essentially leads to ineffective ways to combat racism. Such as, employing people based on their skin color, giving promotion based on that, voting based on that and so on. Like... I am woke company x and I want to employ black people only to combat racism, even if other candidates of other races are more qualified. This is not good, but the company can do whatever it wants in the end.
Oh I'm not afraid. As in, if people say I'm racist or fascist or whatever word like that I usually reply with something sarcastic. I know the best if I am any of these things and why.
Well yeah, rain is annoying and being wet outside doesn't feel so nice.
Oh yeah. Or they bring umbrellas and rain coats. 😢
Big tasty si cinema doar. Viata!
Pathetic. Weakness disgusts me
Blessed be the fruit
I don't think so, it's the interpretation of religion. People use it as an excuse to do bad things, but I wouldn't consider it the reason for everything that's wrong in the world.
Splinta - shock therapy (rising altitude mix) 🥰
PTSD
Mom come pick me up, Hungary is up to something
PRESUPUNERE: cred ca a fost accident undeva în apropiere, pentru ca acum s-a fluidizat traficul. Era ora 11.30 când am făcut poza, deci nu tocmai ora de vârf în care toată lumea merge la munca.
I'll just post the tracklist of a mix of mine and you can get inspired from there, that good? [https://imgur.com/INRDDwd](https://imgur.com/INRDDwd) I can send you the mix if you're interested.
Probably to be on the winning side.
I live stream using my android phone's camera, an audio interface, the laptop and a controler. Worked like a charm.
Am votat agresorul. Vreau doar sa mentionez ca desi e bine sa consideram tot timpul agresorul ca fiind vinovat, de asemenea e bine sa ne uitam la dovezi. Am fost acuzat de abuz sexual si nu am facut nimic, dar nah, internetul si prea multa wikipedia strica anumite persoane de cap.
I believe i was in the wrong in all relationships, but that doesn't mean the other person was a saint. We were both toxic in different ways. Why? Every action has a reaction, or overreaction.
Sincer? Nu stiu ce a fost. Pur si simplu persoana respectiva nu isi are viata sub control si da vina pe mine pentru chestia asta, fiind intr-o perioada foarte stresanta. Din punct de vedere legal, nu am facut absolut nimic gresit, conform unor specialisti (trebuia sa intreb si sa ma pregatesc). Din punct de vedere moral, imi pot asuma faptul ca am fost distant, rece, poate nepasator fata de persoana aia in perioadele grele si asta o fi contribuit la perioada stresanta. Nu exista o plangere pentru chestia asta, a fost doar un cacat online. Evident ca am anuntat la lucru treaba asta, in caz ca va trebui sa imi iau liber si sa fac praf in tribunal persoana aia.
Era cel mai bun PRIETEN. :))
Nu, prieten bun din copilarie. Dar ''acuzatiile'' s-au intamplat online si atat. Nici macar o discutie nu am avut despre asta, am aflat de ele prin sora-mea.
Well he can kill you under your tower.
No idea, never played that bad, I usually go steal jungle camps if I'm 0/6 and the enemy kills me under the tower
M-am uitat pe maps la locatia aia, nici macar nu stiam ca exista in Cluj. Zona obscura de la periferie, ma duc acolo daca vreau sa fiu jefuit, cred.
Da baba aia violata care zicea ca nu a fost violata cum trebuie, este subiect de caterinca, nu? Adica am ras bine toti de faza aia.
Nu prea am de ce sa ma plâng.. Poate doar de mine, ca deși am de lucru, nu ma pot motiva sa fac ceva
Eu am 0-20, dar nu detest UE. Nu-mi spune mie un quiz de pe reddit ce ar trebui sa detest și ce nu! De asemenea nu-s patriot, dar ma enervează aia care o ard cu ce nașpa e România. Ma enervează groaznic, ei n-au scos capul din sătucul lor sa compare cu vestul, dar e groaznic aici, adică, nici măcar nu avem burger King si un ifon costa 2 salarii!
Probabil ca să nu intre in faliment acele afaceri. Plus ca o parte din noi evident își dorește sa ne întoarcem la sala. Cât despre răspândirea virusului, ai șanse mai mari sa îl iei în tren, autobus sau la birou.
Îl cumpăr și fac festival de techno la el.
https://youtu.be/MIM9-wOClmQ N-ar fi rău zic eu
Nu. Cred ca videochatul e genul de "loc de munca" temporar și nu cred ca cineva ar trebui să-și dorească sa faca asta toată viata. Plus ca, îmbătrânești la un moment dat sau ai o relație, brusc ți se duce din venit. Nu judec persoanele care fac asta pentru ca au nevoie urgenta de bani, sau care fac asta pentru ceva bani extra, sau între locurile de munca, dar n-aș fi mândru dacă fata sau băiatul meu ar face asta pe termen lung.
Ah, arhiva în format complet electronic nu e o idee buna dacă nu exista un backup in format fizic. Recomand kill chain pe hbo ca și argument.
Nu poți da pe nimeni afara din UE. Tre sa plece de buna voie
Amintirile pe care le avem dinaintea vârstei de 3-4 ani sunt false.
E adevarat ca de fapt nu vrei pe cineva, nu ca nu poti sa ai pe cineva? Gen, nu vrei sa depui munca necesara pentru asta.
Partea cu aratatul nu e foarte importanta. Nu cred ca pe reddit e cineva de 10 obiectiv. La partea de inapt social tre sa lucrezi, probabil esti anxios sau depresiv si asta te impiedica din a face anumite chestii. Esti pe tinder macar?
Nu este fata de Tinder. Iti bagi acolo 2 poze facute afara, preferabil in soare, incearca macar sa zambesti si aia e. Da swipe pana te plictisesti si poate si vorbesti cu cineva, acolo e partea grea, ca o sa trebuiasca sa cari tu conversatia.
Toate pozele cu tine am sa le rup pana maine..... in mod neironic, o ador.
Mie mi-ai dat vreun tag d-asta?
Play stupid games win stupid prizes. O stii pe aia? Noa, ea aia a castigat.
Thanos Cristos
Pai dacă tu trimiți video nesolicitat cu tine când te futi, nu crezi ca e abuz fata de persoana aia? Cine pe cine abuzează aici, persoana care trimite sau persoana care distribuie mai departe videoul? Ambele! Tipa care a trimis video-ul e vinovata de abuz, persoana care a dat mai departe e vinovata de bullying. Este acum ceva lege care te oprește din a da imagini intime cu cineva fără permisiunea persoanei în cauza cu scopul de a injosi sau umili acea persoana. Edit: Abuzul mintal e o forma de violenta psihica, care afecteaza mintea, facand subiectul abuzului sa simta ca nu are nicio valoare si ca este neputincios in orice situatie. Faptul ca trimiți video cu tine fostului sau fostei cu scopul de a-l injosi sau face sa se simta nașpa se poate considera abuz. Depinde de percepția individului. Eu de exemplu m-aș simți aiurea mai ales dacă am ținut la persoana aia, dar nu as merge atât de departe încât sa o acuz legal de abuz. Pana la urma barbatii nu sunt luați în seama oricum când vine vorba de abuz.
It's for free at work, but vending machines sell it in other places like train station or outside a shop for 1-3 RON. I don't have official data, but based on my observation from all the workplace, it's 2 coffee cups on average. Some drink 1, some drink none, some drink 3-4. I don't have official data, but I'd say people use vending machines daily to get hot drinks, if other options aren't available. Cost of a coffee from a vending machine is the same on supermarkets as well. 1-3 RON.
Vorbea pana acum cineva despre asta în scoli?
De acord. Hai sa rezolvam probleme majorității înainte sa ne ocupam de problemele celor 0.1% - 5%.
Iti dai seama cum ar fi fost dacă am fi avut expert de diversitate și ar fi forțat firmele sa angajeze diversitate? Nepotismele ar fi arătat asa: Vreau sa îmi angajez nepotul și sa ii dau salariu mare: 😠😠😠 Nepotul e trans gay rrom: 😍😍😍🥰🥰🥰
Ce-i cu ei?
Nemulțumirea liberalilor se leagă mai ales de atacul recent lansat la adresa PNL de către președintele USR București, Claudiu Năsui și președintele PLUS București, Vlad Voiculescu Ma bucur. Sa se învețe minte sa nu dea cu căcat și apoi sa se milogeasca pentru susținere.
Sigur nu aia pentru refacerea sezonului 8 din game of thrones 😭
Nu cred ca are rost sa faci ceva, nici eu nu am voce groasa, dar n-am problema cu saru-mana la telefon. Nu cred ca te afecteaza cu ceva ca nu ai vocea groasa. E o chestie superficiala sa vrei sa iti schimbi vocea ca sa para ''masculina'', iar aceste superficialitati costa si pot fi periculoase.
Sunt impotriva legii pentru ca limiteaza libera exprimare, din punctul meu de vedere, dar de asemenea sunt si voi fi impotriva necesitatii de avea astfel de studii. Pot fi optionale fara beneficii scolare (gen fara note / credite), cam cum ar trebui sa fie si religia.
Asta e lângă muzeu? Zona aia e în panta, cum de sta apa? Wow
Pai la 15 ani ești clasa a 9 a. Sau nu de la 7 ani începi școala? Nu mai știu
La 14 ani începi sau termini a 8 a, depinde în ce luna te-ai născut. Dar cam aia e vârstă la care trebuiesc chestii mai complexe pentru ca încep hormonii sa o ia razna. Și.. Persoane inconstiente ca și mine își vor începe viata sexuala la vârsta aia, e bine sa știe de protecție, prevenție, consens în ambele direcții, chestii de genul, pe care le acoperi într-o mare măsură în clasa a 7 a semestrul 2, dacă nu s-a schimbat programa.
Ahh, am uitat complet de zona aia. Merg rar acasă și nici atunci nu prea merg în direcția aia.
N-are atâția lgbt în total Romania
Poate tu! Da' mie imi trimit astia mesaje pe reddit ca vor sa faca niste chestii pe sub birou. Ma gandesc ca e grava treaba
Yesterday our 1/6 adc was spamming with jgl diff. I was 4-0, 2 drakes, 1 herald. These self centered people are annoying as fuck
Faci baie unisex pentru adulți, problema rezolvata
Do you care about how much you will penetrare with it? Because if that's so, pressing pubic fat will only give you false results. Take a ruler or whatever and as you look down to it, put the ruler there. That's your size. Don't cheat if you really want to know your size If she likes average size, she means the part that can penetrate her, which is not the one under fat.
I won't? I already have a happy life.
the best research to date on the topic, as the subjects were measured by health professionals, rather than self-measured, has concluded that the average length of an [erect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erection) human penis is 13.12 cm (5.17 inches) long, while the average circumference of an erect human penis is 11.66 cm (4.59 inches) They mean 5.1. But they don't know what 5.1 is anyway, average is subjective to them.
Hey I have instagram in bio! Because I go on long breaks from Tinder (not logging in, not swipin) and when the account gets removed from the feed for inactivity, my matches still know where to find me in case they want to "find love and totally not have sex at 3 am". I do remove followers tho cause numbers on the screen mean nothing to me and they are often annoying. Last time I checked, I had 900 tinder matches but only 290 IG followers, because I kept removing the follow for follow or follow and never talk ones.
Nu exista cultura analizelor, in general. Noi mergem la medic cand ne doare foarte tare.
Si apoi te miri de ce nimeni nu vrea sa aiba o discutie pe tema asta, din moment ce sariti ca arsi cand cineva spune ca ce credeti voi e gresit? Of of. Suprematia barbatului alb.... Daca 48% din populatia continentului, sau 3% din populatia lumii, ingenungheaza restul populatiei, cam meritam sa fim superiori. Numa zic. Deci ori exista aceasta suprematie si meritam sa fim asa pentru ca suntem in minoritate si tot reusim sa dominam, ori nu exista.
Eu nu vreau egalitate. Vreau meritocratie, indiferent de sex. Doar sansele ar trebui sa fie egale intre sexe, ceea ce se si intampla. Ca cineva sa castige, cineva trebuie sa piarda - Gica hagi.
Nu stiu cine sunt persoanele respective pentru ca nu ma prea intereseaza subiectul. O sa ma intereseze daca devine o problema si valori de genul vor fi o problema in societate, cum e in US de exemplu. Pana atunci, functionez dupa regula "nu fi o persoana de cacat si daca nu-ti place ceva care oricum nu te afecteaza, nu te baga ca nu e treaba ta".
Sunt pe telefon, checkmate atheists.
Nu prea am inteles cum ne arata wattpad de ce e nevoie de educatie sexuala in scoli. Mai mult arata ca adolescentilor ar trebui sa li se restrictioneze accesul la internet... Mi-as dori si eu educatie sexuala in scoli dar genul asta de articol ma face sa imi doresc si altfel de masuri.
Stau cât mai puțin posibil pe internet. Merg la birou, merg la sala, merg pe jos acasă. Seara dau 1 meci 2 de league of legends după ce gătesc și mananc și la 12 sunt în pat. Ai putea încerca o parte din ce am scris, poate te ajuta, limitează timpul în fata unui ecran pentru procrastinare la maxim 2 ore pe zi. Nu știu dacă faci ceva proiecte sau vrei sa lucrezi într-un domeniu în care te folosesti de un laptop, dar dacă da, când faci asta nu sta pe reddit/fb/instagram etc mai mult de 2 ore în total pe zi.
European union is doing that
Pentru ca nu are nicio șansă. Tre sa bagi bani ca să faci campanie și șansele sa câștigi sunt mici. Plus ca nu vin cu ceva nou fata de ce este propus deja. Nu știu dacă presa e cumpărată sau nu, dar în oraș nu e ca și cum cineva vrea alt primar, vrem doar sa prioritizeze alte lucruri.
USR nu a castigat alegerile anterioare in Cluj-Napoca. Alegerile anterioare relevante sunt Prezidentiale Tur 1. &gt;Iohannis: 73,051 &gt; &gt;Barna: 48,844 &gt; &gt;Paleologu: 18,319 &gt; &gt;Dancila: 14,040 &gt; &gt;Kelemen: 13,254 &gt; &gt;Restul: 18,962 Ar trebui sa distribui voturile celor care nu au votat Iohannis sau Barna (64875) in proportie de 70% catre Barna ca el sa fi castigat la 2K voturi diferenta. Este irealist sa crezi ca 70% din voturile alea s-ar fi dus catre Barna. La Europarlamentare USR a castigat detasat in Cluj-Napoca iar la nivel de judet, cu 8000 voturi extra, cam 3%, dar la primarie nu votezi partidul, votezi omul, exact ca la prezidentiale, motiv pentru care acelea sunt alegerile relevante.
Ce anume ai vrea sa se faca?
Pai hai sa vedem: 2 tronsoane noi pentru autobuse in 2019, cine stie cate altele in anii anteriori. E misto sa faci 25 minute Manastur - Marasti. 147 zone care au fost amenajate, intretinute, reparate (practic turnat asfalt nou, largit banda, etc ex: Strada Regele Ferdinand, cel mai recent exemplu inafara de Buna Ziua). Sensurile giratorii sunt pentru fluidizarea traficului, vezi Oradea. Garaje daramate, aprox 600 locuri de parcare facute in locul lor. 2019 Podul de la Cora a fost renovat, 2019. 500 cladiri renovate in 2016-2019 Parcul Rozelor, foarte fain acolo, sa mergi sa vezi. Malul somesului unde sunt pistele alea extraordinare. Baza sportiva Gheorgheni Piata unirii si strada Eroilor au fost modernizate. Podul traian, 4 benzi, 2 piste de biciclisti. Parking Neagoiu Parking Primaveri 28 de parcuri au aparate de fitness \+ altele pe care nu mai am chef sa le caut acum. Da bre, nu face nimic, voi astia care il laudati sunteti orbiti de propaganda, sigur esueaza proiecte, ca deh, exista politicieni care reusesc Z E C E din Z E C E proiecte. Da, probabil, dar nu la USR.
Da, au prea mult timp liber oamenii ăștia.
Nici blocurile alea de caca, care ar trebui dărâmate din punctul meu de vedere.
What kind of shit? Small talk? Pick some common hobbies, like sports, gym, games, whatever and develop a passion for them. These will be a way to start and mentain a conversation until you get to know each other. Random talks are relevant, even if something you say might seem irrelevant to you. For example, I can say that this dumb thing happen at the gym, and nobody is interested in gym, but the topic itself can start another topic.
Da
Windows defender. Nu cred ca am nevoie de altceva.
Just like season 8 of game of thrones basically.
I mix music. Probably it helps me relax because I'm not thinking of what stresses me out anymore
Se vede de la noi eclipsa?
Must be nice. I still have tabs open from yesterday so I don't Google the same thing for my extremely simple problem generated by my absolute lack of Javascript knowledge.
I was on a Twitter thread during the pandemic and I was surprised to see that in the US, if you are not on the same side of the spectrum, you are discarded. People have their political leaning in their bio.
eating for two is a myth used by women to satisfy their food cravings and get fat for no reason. The amount of extra nutrients you need totals about 300 calories, like eating a snickers basically. The stimulus should exclude pregnant women because these unborn children don't need money. They need you to eat as you normally would, not smoke and other things like that. You don't need to buy anything for the unborn baby, while for the born one, you need to buy plenty of shit.
Doctor visits are free here. Diapers, baby clothes and a crib are not for the unborn. Supplements are also free, based on doctor's recommendation. Once you take the decision to have a child, it is assumed that you already have the necessary resources to have one without the state interfering, doesn't matter where you live. Meaning, it is assume that you have the finances to buy whatever your child will need after birth and pay for the services needed (if they are not free already). A child is a big responsibility, one that you should decide as a couple, not make one and then complain nobody is helping you with it. Much like getting a pet basically. The state shouldn't give you money or interfere with your unborn child at all, that includes abortion as well, that's entirely your active decision, your body your choice, right? Then stand by that when your choices cost money. The child should get state benefits after birth, including money, but until then, no. What sense does that even make? You can make childs for the benefits then abort them because why not, us is weird like that.
How can someone force you to have children? It's not like they inseminate women to have kids. Women and men take that decision, be it voluntary or because they are dumb fucks who don't know anything about protection and contraception. Don't want a child, don't fuck unprotrected / without contraception. Assuming women can't check if the guy is wearing a condom is pretty sexist, because it assume women are too dumb to know. You can also be on the pill if you are fucking around too often and have trust issues, but that won't save you from hiv, hep b, hep c and others. Abortion should never, ever, EVER be used as contraception. It should be used in the situation where you initially wanted a kid but now something happens and you can't raise the kid anymore, so you don't want it anymore, or you get raped and other things like that. The leftist argument is just as retarded as the right wing argument pro/against abortion.
Because I live in a country where couples make kids for benefits, not because they want a kid.
Si eu vreau sa vad videoul
Eu nu ma uit la porno deloc, eu îl fac!
Accurate because gym dudes have to cook and they don't seem unmanly. 👌
Cine?
Sora-mea n-ar nici bacul luat și face mai mulți bani decât mine, eu lucrând în IT. Trebuia sa ma fac și eu frizer / barber.
Dacă știi sa cauți pe stack overflow și sa înțelegi ce scrii acolo, da.
Nu știu sa fie ceva sub pentru asta, pe nature is lit Nu merg videos.
Mulțumesc! Eu folosesc slow mo la 240fps din telefon, prinde cu câteva sutimi înainte sa apară fulgerul, dar nu de multe ori ies clipuri faine. Am și asta, de exemplu https://i.imgur.com/bMwG5SW.gifv Dar nu îmi place la fel de mult pentru ca e foarte multa lumina și probabil s-a panicat senzorul telefonului, sau a fost prea multa informație pentru 240fps. Voi încerca aplicația respectiva, mulțumesc încă o data pentru recomandare!
Huawei Nova 5T, ceva mid range cred.
Rasa alba sunt doar 7% din planeta, deci cu alte cuvinte, putem fi haters pentru restul de 93%. Chess not checkers.
