That's a weird way to spell Wisconsin
I'm nicer here though... I don't want you guys seeing me in full Fandom
Lol Greenville SC is a shit hole
Shoulda stayed in the Big East for non-football
yeah, it wasn't bad at all.. the locals made me laugh since some people were frightened by the whole thing.. I told them to just stay indoors, stay off the streets, and wait for it to melt away in a day or so... a day or so later, everything was gone except for some frost on grass and trees
NJIT is usually towards the tops of these lists.. it's just, you know, nj.com
I don't know if I'd put Herm all the way up there..
There are some gas stations in rural NJ that are self serve
do you really want this to happen to us? https://media.giphy.com/media/qdIvmmdF3mNvq/giphy.gif
poor attendantless bastards
Where in gods name were you? I don't think I've ever had a problem with a gas station attendant. "Hey, how are you? Fill it up, super, credit" A min or so later, I get my stuff back and go.
Brave of him to take a pay cut
That was before 2018 though, and you didn't claim it in 2018
yeah, check it out on the web whenever... it's presented differently. I'll remember that next time I need to shitpost though
Art Briles is going to Tennessee in two seasons
Tremendously smart
Does he owe the ncaa eligibility now?
Reading this was like.. If you moved to a new school, and you made a new best friend.. and you found out that your new bff was in a clique from the town next to you who bullied you and stole all your old friends... but then one day that new best friend of yours whooped their asses.. especially the one who back in 2006 said you'd be together forever but was taking advantage of you while they were cheating on you with Nike the whole time.. you moved on first.. but still, that wasn't cool. You deserve better than that.
I am whelmed by this hire. Likely an upgrade over Bernham in recruiting. Possible downgrade in coaching.
the NCAA learned they don't have authority to punish a school for doing something that terrible
Chris Ash really needs to boast about our pizza, fat sandwiches, and destination dogs
You're welcome
oh shit... /u/huazzy making it to /r/All you're making us knights proud
fucking EMU
lol it's nowhere near that bad
Nice!
MMA? I wasn't saying it was a sports scandal.. I'm saying any scandal
http://www.al.com/news/index.ssf/2018/01/irivington_man_appears_in_cour.html#incart_river_home_pop
doesn't look like a bad deal for anybody
I'm happy with this grad transfer... I was excited to see this guy and saquan Barkley play at Rutgers before the Flood happened and we lost everything
I honestly don't know haha, I just googled rutgers fat bitch and picked the best looking pic
Even Jim Harbaugh can win 10 games with those athletes you have there
Hopefully we find an under the radar guy named Byron Leopard to come to Piscataway
Small potatoes for slick Willie
[Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffalo_buffalo_Buffalo_buffalo_buffalo_buffalo_Buffalo_buffalo)
Me reading this: you motherfuckers
Buffalo
This is going to be a little too on-topic.. but Blake Bortles was one of those evil QB's from the 2013 season. we played: Bortles, Carr, Bridgewater, Gilbert... on top of that Tom Savage had a good year at Pitt (former RU QB).. while Flood continued to drain the team of talent. Now back to off-topic.. I've been addicted to botw.. I'm almost close to "beating" the game.. it just doesn't feel like I'm close to beating it since I feel like there's so very much I haven't explored
This is why we need the Eastern American Ten BIG Metro Atlantic Conference * Rutgers * Penn State * Pitt * WVU * VT * BC * Cincy * Louisville * Syracuse * ~~UConn OR Nebraska~~ Michigan State * Maryland * UVA * Ohio State * Michigan
we ain't got no money :'( a New Brunswick BBall / Hockey arena would be amazing, though, I'd imagine if we actually got hockey.. the location would be in Piscataway
So you're telling me he's not not-elite?
Feed.
Middlesex County does
What a flop.. Thiam is like 85 lbs
Wow
Bunch of savages.. God damn that was awesome
NJIT demands ranking.. 5^th place in the Atlantic Sun is practically guaranteed a trip to the dance
Rutgers-Newark and NJIT in city.. NYU, CUNY, Columbia across the river.. Rutgers-NB, Princeton, UPenn, Temple, etc. not far away either
Not to mention all of the good engineers NJIT, Princeton, Rutgers, and Stevens pump out a year.. you have a good supply of workers, high caliber engineers, and high caliber management
Having a top 75 offense and going to a bowl game would be pretty nice... aside from the D-Line, the defense is looking pretty good next year.. special teams took a leap in the right direction.. we just need offense
So that's how Notre Dame's been doing it all these years
I don't understand this move.. however, I suppose he fits into T H E P R O C E S S H E P R O C E S S
Ah yes, Kyle Flood
[Kinda reminds me of this](https://res-4.cloudinary.com/rivals/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,t_large/hsyozvoa0leceg3z2yxh)
Cops in NJ work 20 years and they get their pension.. If they work 25 years they get a bigger pension I don't know it's a statewide thing.. But I know cops and firemen who are counting down the days Here's a link from state police, I understand this to generally be applicable for municipalities across the state: http://www.njsp.org/recruiting/salaries-benefits.shtml
heads up OP, this is a repost
Geno Smith
maybe "encourage" donations? that could help prop up some FCS programs instead of having them play Alabama and get murdered on the field (Full disclosure: Rutgers murdered Morgan State last season, pretty sure 4+ Morgan State players were injured/taken out of that game)
That's a great move for his future career as a Pac-12 ref
California University of Pennsylvania - a thing
Big year for Lovie if he gets the QB situation figured out.. You have a ton of returning talent since you guys started your freshman squad last year.
The meme Auburn deserves, but doesn't need right now
Oh dear Lord and Savior Pat Hobbs.. please deliver us some field hockey improvements next season Amen
We should just stop coaching offense... Just practice foul shots, rebounding, and defense... Don't even have offensive plays.. Just flop every play you get the ball and score all the points at the free throw line
-Changed accounting methods -Still paying the old coaching staff -Are getting less than ~~25%~~ 33% of full B1G membership
In the context of Rutgers it isn't. Rutgers is a school with a weird athletics past, we were booming in the late 70s to move into 'big time' sports... and then the anti-athletics crowd pulled the e-brake and set us in a tailspin that no other school could find itself in. The move to the B1G essentially highlighted how far behind we were in terms of facilities (needed to upgrade the RAC, needed to upgrade HPSS, needed to upgrade all of our other facilities, needed to build facilities, etc.) 2014 was an anomaly with all of the fees and whatnot from moving out of the AAC to the B1G, alongside of adjustments to marketing deals and whatnot. Basically, it's easier and cheaper to startup a new AD than it was to rebuild the Rutgers AD due to decades of neglect and mismanagement. Hobbs has us in the right direction -- fundraising is way up, performance of all sports is moving in the right direction, and we're operating at a level of university alignment I've never seen before.. hell, the new governor was at the basketball game the other day -- governor fatass would campaign outside of stadiums but would be absent in the venues.
Why are you hanging around 8 year olds?
Does anyone more respect for Hugh freeze than Joey Freshwater? Anyone?
Yes - Army
you guys were in just as bad financial trouble as we were.. probably worse since your AD was spending so much more than we were because we were/are just broke
oh god damn. oh god damn. #TEBOWTIME
Fucking A
Booooooooooo!!!!!!
I appreciate that thiam is using his height more... But it would be really great if we could consistently start making shots
I got all excited, then I realized it was Miami University of Ohio.. I feel underwhelmed Also, the thumbnail pic is creepy
you're talking my language.. can you rate their whole foods, starbucks, and beer garden?
Raritan Bay Federal Credit Union http://rbfcu.coop
That poor bastard
TSLA + AAPL = Yacht
never heard of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EF3g4Ua5e7k
https://media.giphy.com/media/165fHFANxAdiw/giphy.gif
He's not even going to be the starting QB next season.. fake news
It makes sense to put industry by the airport and not in residential areas.. who would have thought?
Do you guys think it's a bigger culture shock going from the north in a place like Syracuse to a place like Oxford, MS... or a place like Oxford, MS to Syracuse?
I'm not sure about all that.. we have places in this country that are underserved with sports, and some cities are straight up militant with soccer (looking at you Detroit) -- besides, think of all of the boarderline guys who *don't* make it.. we have potential professional talent to spare in this country Also.. while we do have some really good athletes in baseball.. but as a Yankee fan, I need to point out that CC Sabathia is the size of an offensive lineman, and has the athleticism of a Walmart greeter
I think there's some questions about the viability of UConn football over the next few years, IIRC there was a UConn fan talking about potential cuts since the university may be dealing with a budget crisis over the next few years
Didn't you guys also modify the donation structure as well? A buddy of mine has a pair of season tickets.
if by any means necessary, you mean free two day shipping and excellent customer service and selling their excess computing capacity for profit.. they've been successful
anybody ever use wayfair.com ?
147? one TD per year?
I'm not convinced this isn't Gunner Kiel after getting some work done
Different.. LA ex is cool
Those buildings won't be filled.. As more companies *finally* see the light on coworking, work from home, and hybrid arrangements.. office space will continue to free up
/r/consulting had this gem today: https://youtu.be/3rGzR9OIeds I hate business speak so much right now
&gt;When almost double the number of people decide to rent as buy that is indicative that there are issues No, it's not.. it's a preference. Yes, real estate prices are too high, and interest rates are too low.. but why would I want to pay a bank for 30 years, plus maintenance, insurance, etc. to live in *the burbs*? Alternatively, why would I want to pay for everything I mentioned earlier to live in a city which I may or may not get sick of within 10 years? I mentioned it was like burning cash because I know what I want, and I know buying residential property for myself is a stupid risk for me. That whole house and yard and all that bullshit isn't for me right now.. I'm not interested. You could hand me a bag of cash and (I'd first run the numbers to see if I was making out on the deal) but I almost guarantee you the headache *still* wouldn't be worth it for me.
No, you give Lovie another two years. This is his first year with a somewhat built team, and next year should have bowl expectations
Crazy how similar Ash and Lovie's situation were.. both teams had bare cupboards and bad apples, both coaches were hired at the same time... Ash relied on grad transfers a bit more than Lovie though, and I think Ash might have had a few more bad apples than Lovie (a couple of which were at the fault of Ash's year 0 recruiting class).. I'm looking forward to seeing you guys take out Nebraska, if Nebraska attrition continues I think they're going to be vulnerable
The Tuscaloosa frat boys vs the Stanford band would be epic
TEXAS ^^^^A&amp;M IS BACK!
oh man.. between this and the interim president.. that's awful
It's wild speculation.. She's 70 years old and is about to get her 1000^th win.. I don't know how much longer she's going to want to coach
Oh then you're good.. ignore my other advice about rush hour if you're hanging out in Brooklyn.. they should be far more chill than Manhattan since tired/hungry people like me usually want to get out of the city as fast as possible
College basketball has shown us that the name on the front matters more than the name on the front since you can go right to Europe to play out of HS.. though I'd still point out the NBA forcing the one and done rule is still a bullshit rule and guys like LeBron who went pro right out of HS should still be allowed to do so.. I'd also say the NFL/NFLPA's 3 years out of HS rule is messed up too; ~~I'd like to see a stud cfb player sue the NFL to get into the draft out of HS, but that would never happen~~ Edit: oops
POTUS commencement speech
MATLAB needs to stop drinking
SEC scoring some points It just means more
&gt;You know what we need in the B1G.. more Indiana! -Random B1G fan
(speculation) he gon
That.. sucks..
deal!
I'd be happy with 3rd place in the division in 2018
That's unfortunate news to hear Hostname not found
I would have thought Kentucky would be that (in football) especially since we could mutually trash talk Louisville given the old Big East dynamic
Kind of like the B1G East and B1G West.. Or the SEC West and SEC East But it's not like the 90s era north teams were too shabby - with a couple exceptions
&gt; Instituting the 700 series for EDI routing instructions could help, but that's a technical challenge. I know several warehouses I've talked to can't make it happen, as well as not fully supported by some of the EDI providers as well. What do the 700 series messages do? I Googled it, but couldn't find anything in simple English.. it's confusing since the 715 sounds like it could be inter-changeable with an 856?
under normal circumstances, 420Boobies69! would be considered a secure password though
And now they're in three different conferences
Neat.
Was that 44 or 45? Apparently Liberty is making a movie about how 45 was chosen by God
I dunno.. even with the whole Michigan/Caps thing
I don't know why people are downvoting you... The shared national championship with UCF this year was impressive, and Nick Saban is the GOAT
it was SuperNova aka Gary fuckin' Nova, it was not TurNova aka fuckin' Gary Nova If he had the fridge for five years with a resdhirt year, that dude would have been something special
Any idea when he's going to be rated? nj.com has him as a 3\* OLB but that rating isn't from 247, and I didn't even check ESPN since their ratings suck.
it's okay.. players should be paid because tuition, room &amp; board, and food isn't worth anything anything according to a bunch of dudes on this sub
https://i.imgur.com/jrix9W6h.jpg
Eh... Shit happens after your starting secondary gets arrested, half a class transfers, a couple guys quit, your head coach gets fired in an embarrassing situation, then your AD gets fired shortly after, and the new guy is stuck cleaning up the mess and playing five NY6 bowl teams in his first season
Yes, absolutely. Probably not the best in the business... But he's good and he's been there for a long time.
America is hiring :'(
I rely on spell check in these instances, but spell check doesn't help with proper nouns
Chris Ash isn't going anywhere anytime soon lol, I know his record sucks and he's been blown out a few times, but he *still* has the second youngest team in the B1G behind Illinois, has the most exciting QB (and maybe RB) pickups in years, and has helped fundraise over $10M in improvements With all that said, fuck the Indiana and EMU games last season
It's amazing how much money they were able to launder into their program to make deals like that happen
Grad transfer?
Nothing really matters, really. America failed and nobody was fired, Bruce Arena quit.
I'm at 70% offseason hype.. I'm thinking 7 is achievable with a McNulty led offense, our RB rotation, and the reintroduction of the forward pass... sweep OOC, beat UMD, Illinois, Indiana, and Northwestern... or strike a big upset *somewhere* But I know to pump the brakes since I'm a Rutgers fan.. and the OL and DL are unknown/unproven.. and depth, especially on the DL is a concern... Pacheco looks to be a beast but is unproven.. Gio isn't a great passer, Sitkowski is unproven, and JLew is still a project; Chatman is a redshirt... and I doubt we could replace Ryan Anderson anytime soon.. we also have no idea what our WR's are going to do when they actually get the ball thrown in their direction
5) Realignment, because there's still some left, and people aren't going go to be happy with it
&gt;Aren't these the most beautiful oil pumps? I put them in using American steel. The best and most beautiful.
Top 5 easiest OOC schedule Top 5 most difficult schedule What a time to be alive
lies.. we help perfectly balance red in the B1G, balanced as all things should
Hoboken is in North Jersey and is very dog friendly, but is a bit on the expensive side There are dogs everywhere though, I'm looking at someone walking their dog as I type this
PSA You don't need to have points to take the defensive driving course online.. I get a discount every year because of it.. not saying you're wrong, you're right
I don't see how the Pac-12 works without a team on the eastern slope of the Rockies
&gt;NO HUDDLE, NO PLAYS, NO RECRUITS, NO PROBLEM! EVERYONE CAN THROW THE BALL! -Chip Kelly
Didn't we wind up with the same record last season?
San San Te?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ_8hx4FwwE
He'd probably make a better hockey goalie
Year 1 tackling was pretty bad, year 2 was a leap forward.. Much better tackling than Flood's last year.
I'm not OP, but I'm sorry, I can't hear you with this raging endowment I have
12.5% will remain
Seems reasonable logic... Why not make a scholarship in his name instead? That seems like it's equally good
Right, so we agree.........
The ACC has Louisville these days, I think Pitt/Syracuse/Louisville wouldn't mind having them even if they'd drag the average academic ranking of the conference down
Florida is a shitty place to live, but a nice place to visit
god damn this Brazil v Costa Rica game is getting pretty intense
As someone who's seen urban Meyer in Rutgers gear and Greg Schiano and Chris Ash in Ohio State gear..... I enjoy this and hope butch becomes way more visible at Alabama
We a hammer throw school
Ni hao bitches!
I'm a bit on the hungover side.. Mexico v NK was a lot of fun today, prob my favorite so far (minus the announcing)
We easily win the B1G thanks to our technological advantage and/or military training School | W/L/T | Manner of victory ---|---|---- Ohio State | W | chop that tree down with an axe Michigan | W | stab with sword Penn State | W | stab with sword Indiana | W | stab with sword Maryland | W | hammer/axe/stab not sure, one of them Michigan State | W | battle, but siege weapons and superior armor and tactics win the day Wisconsin | W | stab with sword Illinois | W | battle, but siege weapons and superior armor and tactics win the day Nebraska | W | stab with sword Iowa | W | shoot with bow / stab with lance Purdue | W | This is tough since their live mascot [is a homicidal maniac](http://theblacksheeponline.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/1-14.jpg) with a big hammer; we're trained soldiers though, not counting the train as the mascot since they're the Boilermakers... tl;dr stab with sword Northwestern | W | stab with sword
&gt;Virgin Aresco has a $1.8M/year per school deal for the AAC &gt;Chad Swofford has a $31.5M/year per school deal for the ACC
given Ronaldo just got a yellow for punching a guy in the face, I don't blame them
we're fucking cursed
Which one? I know there's a nicer bar the alumni association likes to go to by msg but I forgot its name... Also, if there's a different bar, that's also good info
That's the one
not bad after 3 consecutive lost seasons.. we just need PJ to teach Ash how to row the boat
high character potato salad, he's not looking for the generally highest rated dishes based on people not involved in the decision, he's looking for a dish that best fits what we're trying to do at this picnic so we could build a better picnic
He could also punt - I think he had two or three punts for us, and there's a video of him kicking a 60 yard FG (not in a game, just at Rutgers Stadium fucking around)... and he holds the Big East's reception record, taking that from Larry Fitz.. that dude, is a dude
I'm thinking we're moving to a 3-3-5 or a 3-4 set.. Maybe even play some dime base package... It would explain why DL crooting has fallen off (that and I question Bernham's coaching) and LB/DB crooting has been hot. I'm probably wrong though and we should hit the panic button
You are a Jedi. I don't know who downvoted you. But stuff like this is why we had one of the best/worst rivalries.
It's going to be so weird seeing him and Gerry Dinardo arguing on BTN
The fake news on /r/cfb keepts talking about Throws Poorly McSorely.. the unfairness towards Sam Darnold is everywhere
that was pretty bad.. started the trend of Greg Schiano unable to win the next game after a big win
Pulaski is opening up, they're fixing up some more shit.. not bad.. Now finish up the rt 7 bridge (allegedly scheduled for 2021)
o/u on he gon?
It's beautiful.
If you take out that side story, it's a much better movie... The side story doesn't do it for me
wow, a 5 hour thread? I'm not starting a new one.. i get my karma from commenting, not from posting
Lovie Smith is way too low... I suppose it's because he cut off that beard though.. Lovie Smith with a beard seems like a good guy to have a beer with
That series we had was a lot of fun, wish we did a 5-game with a neutral site somewhere.. your fans were awesome, and both games were intense
2010 was bad because it was the LeGrand year... I wonder who the OC was.. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_Rutgers_Scarlet_Knights_football_team **Kyle Flood**/Kirk Ciarrocca #\#TRIGGERED
Also.. some old timey B1G fan would be bitching about how the lack of a bowl tie-in was Rutgers and Maryland's fault
If art starts imploding in this game, we'll just abandon the forward pass
If you have NY TL&amp;C plates, I already hate you
holy shit, I did some good in the world.. and you're going to do some good in the world what a great day!
I have no idea.. all I know is they're like Pennsylvanians.. they hate our way of life and wish to sow discord
let's pump the breaks... you're getting a bit hasty
it's not about the size of the playoff, it's how you use it
It's simple.. you just need to outboost the boosters
I should wear a paper bag until we win a game
/m\ /m\
My communications professors always told us to get to the point early or your reader would lose interest
Underrated video
We might have lost to Fordham in MBB, but Hobbs wound up stealing something on his way back
is that place more or less expensive than the usual hoboken prices? ($300/mo)
The waiting area for the transaction to post will be the most popular part of those pizza places
I only spent a couple weeks there for work.. the people were nice, and there was a lot better food than other places around the country I've been.. at least the BBQ was okay, and the mexican place I ate at was pretty good With that said, I wouldn't go back there unless I had to
he just had a Rutgers OV, man.. that would be a nice get, we need WR's who can get free and catch.. don't need them to be tall, fast, etc.. just get open, catch, and fall down... I'd be thrilled with that
Between that comment yesterday and the potential of hiring Butch Jones.. Maryland is going to try to Lane Kiffin us and get back on the cfb good sides using meme magic I'm not opposed to this strategy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcNKRnha7Rs
Anti-Catholic bias perpetrated by Liberty
Ah, makes sense
Isn't the latest rumor they're in high level talks with the B1G? This especially makes sense if we ditch divisions
Thankfully, I only ever had to take the ancient midtown ferries. At least their staff is cool, I never had a problem with anyone who works for them.
The defense was a nightmare for half the season
Fire Chris Ash
yes, but it's probably going to be great for big market teams
Lol
Yes
Looks like they need a seasoned defensive coordinator like Jay Niemann
This, folks, is democracy in action.
and at least one silver by the guy who DD'd on $SHLD
You too pika, I'm hoping detective Pikachu will win an Oscar
We had a freshman tackle play TE for us this year
I wouldn't be surprised if this wound up being slapped on NJT buses lol
I'm actually happy about Snyder, he might not be the height of a P5 QB, but his JR year film looked really good despite being behind a swiss-cheese OL.. with that said, we're still screwed at that position
True fact /u/BonerHonkfart is my alternate account for when I'm infiltrating the deep Michigan state
&gt;something something THON thon thon thon, thon thon. Thon thon thon. -OP, probably
Oh.. So pareto is useful once again
never forget https://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/college-football-player-kills-raccoon-takes-selfie-article-1.2035967
So much unfinished work :(
&gt;Why any university still maintains a compliance department baffles me. The money would be better spent on fueling trash can fires for the homeless. Hey now, sometimes it's there to report a hypothetical head coach who calls up compliance to tell them he's contacted a player's professor, to which the compliance officer said that's a big no-no.. which caused the hypothetical head coach to then email the professor using his private email address to avoid records keeping requirements, and then mention that he's sending the professor an email using his personal email address to avoid public scrutiny (records keeping) and asks to meet this professor in Princeton while not wearing any gear from that hypothetical head coach's school as to not arouse suspicion - again, all of this explicitly mentioned in the email from the hypothetical head coach sent to the professor using his personal email address
https://twitter.com/HuntMonterio/status/1075827683920105472 https://247sports.com/Player/Monterio-Hunt-81364/ https://247sports.com/college/rutgers/Article/Breaking-News-Monterio-Hunt-commits-to-Rutgers-Football-126685303/ I am so confused by this commit.. unrated, his 247 page doesn't even mention offers, he was a 3\* that played for Marshall? I think he has 3 years to play 2? From Mississippi? Our second Mississippi dude, I think?
she has her own reddit handle, I've seen her post here and there -- her handle has zu in it I do not know her personally, just have read her writing and interacted with her on reddit
If he somehow fired Powell, I would need to figure out how to spend all of my money on gasoline, guns, security, water, canned food, and toilet paper before money becomes cheaper than actual toilet paper
Wait.. are you saying that the numbers and data models actually mean something!?! I was misled!
Poor compliance, department
Look at what happened to us when we tried that
Not nice
Not cool, not cool. Art was a Freshman.
And like that... The immigration debate was completed
I feel nothing but pain
https://youtu.be/l_MyUGq7pgs
[drops politics at the dinner table and walks away as chaos begins]
We should just start our own league With PAID players, with rules to let teams give away whatever they want, with rules to keep one team from getting too powerful with all of those resources.. we should also decouple these teams from schools, conferences, and other sports.. because it's not the job of an academic institution to have paid players.. and they should be unionized, because this labor force will be elite and extremely competitive.. we'd need to make sure that the players can collectively bargain with all the money going around These teams will be national.. and we'll make it competitive with multiple conferences, with divisional pods! To keep it interesting, it'll be important to win your division because each division gets to go to the playoff! Yeah.. this is awesome! We'll have to call it something simple.. like the League of National Football.. yeah.. the LFN! wait.. wait.. that sounds like a TV channel.. I need to come up with a new name... damn it.. I guess we'll have to keep the system in place
&gt;Pinstripe Bowl $40 a hot dog and a beer later
Piney? I thought it was a Brick town person.. or at least Tom's River
Thank you.
Taxes/tariffs impact the supply curve, you're artificially forcing the price of foreign goods up - the demand curve will shift to find the new price for domestic+foreign goods. A tariff is just like any tax.
Lol why talk shit?
The B1G refs hate us more than traditional B1G fans
We lost to Michigan
You should have a talk with your commissioner, 3 losses for the Darnold can only happen if someone cheats the GEQBUS
BRETT MCMURPHY
We all are I'm convinced there was some tampering
given how our games have gone, that's a potential spoiler game, *especially* that early in the year.. it would be called the Janarion Grant revenge game but.. if we're anything but huge underdogs walking into that game, it'd surprise me
* Player wants to transfer from school * Player works with their NCAA compliance office to enter into the transfer portal * Schools may contact the student * Student can remove themselves from transfer portal, or transfer * If player is not a grad transfer, not a walk-on, not FCS, or not a JuCo.. NCAA voodoo whether the player is eligible immediately, or needs to sit a year\* * Otherwise, the player is eligible immediately\* \* there are some additional intra-conference transfer rules, but those have been largely ignored
Larry Scott is going to run for president in 2020
Also known as boomer juice!
We're here for you *cries*
Brb.. Going to extensive therapy so we can hit 9+ wins with my tears
I'm sorry, I thought this is was America?!?! Sounds like Michigan needs a little freedom 🇺🇸
Oh man.... I'll give this comment thread ten minutes before it becomes a shit show
I really wonder what the full story on this looks like
I don't know anything about the bar... But I think it's going to be a wild exam
North Jersey is awesome, it's the traffic that sucks
Are people outside of the area I grew up in aware of the existence of Long Island and Staten Island?
Less risk and same reward potential
That's an amazing statistic, that sounds like hell
So who gives out scholarships?
They'd riot at Rutgers, hence our many issues
In many places, like Massachusetts, the same person votes for the Pats many times — you've probably heard about that, they always like to say 'oh that's a conspiracy theory' — not a conspiracy theory folks. Millions and millions of people.
Yes.
Infinite wishes
I think they'll both survive since this will be a discussion which conclude with a political/legal decision. Had this been a duel, I would go with Phil Murphy as he's physically larger than Ravi.
**6**8 Days to Kickoff **6**8 yard Alabama Drive **6**8 yard Clemson Drive **666** Happy birthday Nick Saban?
That's what hope feels like... I remember when I had that
Inefficient name, made efficient by an acronym.. the engineering school way
The reasoning behind the case was weird.. I had no idea that half of a legislative branch (up until now) would have the power to bring a case like that to the Supreme Court, I would have assumed if a state wanted to bring a grievance to the court, they'd need at least a full branch of government
I got the coronor on speed dial.. I'm a Rutgers fan, so they know me by name
before Kratch, I hated nj.com since Politi's columns ran really wild/dumb, but luckily Dunleavy couldn't fit into the loaded press room and left to cover the Giants
Damn, Lovie managed his roster better than I thought.. Ash has already mortgaged a few 2020 spots... We're only taking 15 croots this cycle, allegedly
The year is 2043.. Every man, woman, and child was hired and fired by ESPN. The Stephen A Smith lies dormant in stasis slumber, waiting for the day the Marrow Doctrine is removed from public discourse. Life is difficult, but the people have made the best of it. ESPN has been forced by the mouse god to show sports which have traditionally not garnered much exposure, while Sportscenter now focuses on highlights and analysis. The reduction is hot takes has stopped climate change, the air is clean, and poverty/crime are at an all time low... but no one is arguing about whether Joe Flacco III is truly elite. End days are upon us. Hopefully soon Marrow's doctrine will be overturned, so Stephen A can undo all of those wrongs.
Olakunle Fatukasi, every time I've heard his name announced it was always Olakunle Fatukasi. Too many syllables. But he has a name like Liu Kang where you have to say both names in full.
Hopefully their QB's are all elite
Unrelated.. does anyone know what the construction on Sinatra is all about?
The illegals made Lime scooters and made young people have fun.. back in his day, Pier 13 was just used for lumping 50 LB bags of Maxwell House Coffee.. now these liberal elites go out there and have canned rose.. with their dogs, and their babies! How dare they spend $14 on pizza when they can pull up their boot straps and eat some fish, raw, right out of the Hudson! Just spending money on stupid things! ^^^^^/s
You should hit up Texas Arizona and drink some of those CAPS LOCK moments away.. based on all those caps I assume you're a Penn State fan, and TX AZ is a Penn State bar
This is possibly the worst trade deal, in the history of trade deals, maybe ever
Not only are we leagues better, but we're leagues bigger than UConn. In terms of total enrollment, endowment, budget, sponsored sports, scholarship athletes, research dollars, media market, etc.. They don't even sponsor men's lacrosse or wrestling. UConn has the advantage of having a somewhat competent athletics department which had the support of university administration.. but UConn's AD's financials are in wayyyyyyy worse shape than ours... they were $42M in the hole last FY.
Alabama... Huntsville. Time to start up a football program, and let the UA system screw over Birmingham once again!
I've said it once, and I'll say it again: lol @ UConn
This is the most exciting thing I've seen all day.. hopefully they sell Japanese beer
26,000 students? What is that, a school for ants?
If we made that move, I would support the governor firing the University President, the NB Chancellor, the AD, the deputy AD, every Dean, every tenured professor, the HC, the OC, the DC, the STC, every administrative assistant, everyone in HR, everyone in legal, the entire finance department, everyone in facilities, impeach the president, impeach the vice president, impeach the speaker of the house, impeach the house majority leader, impeach the governor... you know what.. everyone. Every single person alive with a job, they deserve to be fired. Sorry OP, you got a job? FIRED.. good luck on that unemployment line because the person giving out the checks would also be fired. Try to get a gun to defend your family in this dystopian future? Sorry, gun store guy is fired and the gun factory is empty because everyone got fired.
2012 Big East
I just want them to play Memphis again
Yeah.. Definitely way more expensive to get into the B1G, especially when you don't have much leverage in the negotiation, and your old AD likely botched the negotiation (but he still got the deal done, at a great cost) We paid $11.5M which the B1G increase subsidized.. But we were/are still making peanuts compared to our conference mates to the point we're taking out loans against future earnings to help fund all of the many things we need to fund to try to compete in all sports (except volleyball, volleyball has gotten no love)
Gotta replace that lucrative New Haven market
Or they can poach UTSA and the San Antonio market, or da faU and the West Palm Beach market.. Both would he upgrades in population UAB and Birmingham would be pretty good too So many possibilities! https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_television_markets
GOOD THING SAM DARNOLD DOESN'T NEED VACCINES, HE IS THE LITERAL ONLY HUMAN BEING EVER WHO DOESN'T NEED VACCINES AND EVERYONE ELSE NEEDS THEM BECAUSE HE IS IMMUNE TO EVERYTHING, **REDDIT ADMINS CANNOT QUARANTINE SAM DARNOLD!**
Hopefully this teaches a lesson to all the guys out there who will drive with weed in their car *and* drive with a bad tail light
*~~UConn~~ Cincinnati has entered the chat*
&gt;THE 2% OF THE STATES HAVE OVER 90% OF THE BEST BEER -SENATOR FROM VERMONT
What if it's UCF?
Nope, just about missing out on the dog mascot
We got ourselves a team of Pachecos
UConn and BC have a history when it comes to conference realignment
Correct
IIRC that's pretty much how it happens, still doesn't take away from this being a solid recruit.. His tape looks really good for a 3\*
if we're still alive in 5 years, and reddit is still a thing, and you still actively use this handle... that'll be some good karma whoring.. future 12-13 years old recruits will read about it and think this was a wild time, and they'll use a new slang word which replaced 'wild'
Rutgers has a full but young team, it's not like when Ash came in and the program was in shambles with roster and facilities.. in less than 3 months we're finally off NCAA probation thanks to Kyle Flood - and the roster is packed to the point we can't even take a full recruiting class this cycle If Ash were to leave this season, the new HC would have to wait a single year until full B1G integration with more funding with a roster way closer to 85 scholarships than what Ash walked into back in 2015. So yeah.. hypothetically.. Fleck would come home to Rutgers with brand new facilities, a full squad, and a free year before he could get a bigger budget to hire high powered assistants.
I'm okay with this
I don't know what transpired, but Deba Dutta was generally liked by the student body - if there's anything I'm bummed about him leaving for UM-Flint. What I'm not upset about is the university using a common contractual clause for high end and strategically important academic administrators like the chancellor of the New Brunswick campus. The university did the right thing by giving him a competitive contract, since we don't know what exactly happened, I'm disappointed at Barchi for hiring the guy then firing him over unspecified differences. Does it suck there goes $500k down the hole? Yup. Does it matter when you look at the big picture? Nope.
crazy that Rivals gave him a 2\* rating though
Grad transfer OL? YES PLEASE.
If you follow the link from that post, it winds up at a dead page. Appropriate.
That's a fine lookin' Campanile you got there
Top 10 Reasons Jim Harbaugh should be sent to North Korea, written by John Harbaugh and the mgoblog staff. Number 8 will SHOCK YOU!
That's Texas, unironically though
More money, out of the shadow of Gundy's offense, and he's from NJ. Assuming he's as good as billed, this is a great job for him to get some visibility before becoming a HC. He could be the next PJ Fleck.
Giants fans would murder their mothers if it meant they'd win a Super Bowl
Also true
Compete on the biggest stage in the country's biggest media market.. or continue compete on the 2nd biggest stage in the 3rd or 4th biggest P5 conference. Either way you're a rich guy doing what you love, one has money and glory with lights/fame/tons of resources.. the other has less money and less glory but you can help shape some players after slogging around the country trying to sell an experience to a bunch of teenagers, while having to play politician shaking hands with boosters and asking them for money. I think he'll stay at Baylor, he doesn't seem like a northeast guy to me anymore.
[removed] *User has been banned by self*
Ron Prince.
Says you
This is a great move in the event your diety of choice requires you to hit some free throws to get into heaven, you'll have nothing but time to practice
And arrested by the SEC (the finance one)
https://www.sec.gov/news/press/2011/2011-268.htm
At least he didn't commit to us Edit: a flipped commit would have stung more
I was referring to JT flipping his commit.. That stung more. Him committing now at least let's the staff prioritize accordingly for Feb... Hopefully flip him back to Rutgers.
This is correct
Alright Kentucky, this nonsense with your basketball team needs to stop now /s
Man, I can't wait to see you on the news... Oh shit.. My comment might be on the news.. Hi everybody! Hi Mr. Or Ms. Newscaster! I know you probably have part of your soul crushed because reading off a teleprompter may not be considered real journalism, and your employers might make you read about stuff you don't care about like this article when there's the potential of WW3 looming around the corner. But I'm still proud of you. I'm Ron Burgundy?
Gotta be.. hopefully he's too busy hiring offensive staff so we can get AC back
👀 @AC Also, Hafley is putting together a crew of up and coming Schiano men
😑
While not wearing Rutgers apparel as to arise suspicion
I do know people looked down at me while I was working in rural SC with my jersey accent and whatnot. But that has more to do with my Yankeeness than a particular dialect.
You better keep your hands off Fran Brown, Rhule
Guys being in the right position will be great, guys playing lights out again... I miss those days, so much
I'm at a hotel bar in Michigan and they have the game on mute
#RON FUCKING HARPER!!!!
Hopefully we'll still be ranked in 9 months
We have liberated you from oppression and tyranny
Maybe
Given it's basketball season.. Can someone show me what this means in graph form?
Ready for MAC-tion?
I was going to make a joke about this post until I read about the reality of the situation... This sounds awful.
People are laughing at Purdue basketball, but Perdue Pete is getting ready for his ~~s~~laughter
The Tim Beck conundrum
You forgot Randy Edsall
Looks like somebody screwed up compliance education
I don't care for either Gary Patterson or Mike Gundy
Looks like they need some Gatorade
Bobby Boucher took today off, huh?
Deal is done.. Robb Smith is our DC.. yikes.
I too am feel an overpowering sense of being whelmed.
I'm not an NFL guy, but I know a lot of Giants fans. Very.
Losing: Blackshear Gaining: Everything Better: Everything Worse: Missing expectations, because there *are* expectations
🙄
Meanwhile... *waving hands erratically* Folks, we have the best and most beautiful, beautiful players! There are people in the world who are trying to steal Trevor Lawrence from you, yes, he's just off a National Championship win, how wonderful is that? And who would have known that Joe Burrow would have won the Heisman, you can't believe it. But the crooked lying NCAA wants to take that away, yes they do. And what do we say to Mark Emmert? That's right Mizzou gets the death penalty! Back in the day, you wouldn't even *see* a Mizzou on the street. Now look at things, Mizzous are everywhere. They're running the spread, their mixing in some RPO.. I gotta say, what the hell is this? So when they say that things are going to be alright with the transfer portal they are lyinnnnng.
the couch?
Would suck for Blackshear
this all seems like a lot of work
&gt;we had more players on scholarship at WR than on the OL and DL combined. Al Davis would be proud
You are also an enlightened state who believe that the people shouldn't suffer under the tyranny of gas stations. You have liberated the people by requiring full-service gas pumps across your great state. NJ and Oregon may not always agree, however on this most important topic, these sister states have their arms locked as we continue our brave march towards freedom and liberty while the other 48 states wallow in their own oppression.
MSU knows in their heart that losing to Rutgers in 2020 will cause their administration to fix a lot of their problems. They just need to go with it, get weird.
JT Barrett can't keep getting away with this.. That's not even a good alias!!!!
THE RAC LIVES!!!!
Uhhhhhhhhhhh
Young is fired up, but under control
Cutting administrative staff and decreasing spending other sports isn't exactly the best situation either.. you wind up with potential compliance issues, bad coaches who stay in their jobs forever, facilities in disrepair, etc. Cutting sports isn't popular either, when we cut 6 sports in 2006 it wasn't exactly lauded despite the fact we went from 30 sports to 24.
Was it announced? I thought sources stated it was a done deal, then we hired Robb Smith and everyone assumed it was settled.
Hooray! But I'm sure Harbaugh has connections. IIRC there's at least one more former Rutgers guy on your staff
I read his lips.. He said "you a bitch"
Why don't we all have San Diego weather now?
How can anyone say no to that?
You can be sure I ran the video through a series of sophisticated algorithms to come to that conclusion.
the monkey paw curled... We have the same weather
Might as well play at UPenn or Nova. Maybe the community would stop their NIMBY bullshit and let Temple use their land for an entirely reasonable construction plan.
Huh, here I thought we were going to talk about the Switzer Sweep Edit: Unrelated to my above comment, but related to my full comment before I edited this, the curse of Tim Tebow has been lifted
And so it begins
I would rather bring back fencing too.. But I don't think the B1G sponsors that sport. They must practice and play at the barn. That's the only thing that makes sense. No idea about tearing down the college Ave gym.. That does make sense to knock it down and build a new one.. That place was rough the last time I was there, it's had to have only gotten worse.
What were this thoughts on mojitos and cocaine again?
[how I feel right now] (https://youtu.be/nRTjNEP6v2U)
Not an ideal start
B1G refs don't forget
What even was that?????? That was amazing
Lol wow refs
Young is everywhere
How about a paint job?
Rutgers
it's our annual student athlete myth myth
&gt;barring an injury or a suspension Ah.. that's how Bengals fans get their revenge on the league.. they jinx 'em
You make not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like.
trapezoids are fucking awesome, dude
I imagine everyone on College Ave is like 😎
The Hoke Slayer
I don’t know what that was supposed to be. I think Ash had the view of using a 3-3-5 some downs, a 3-4 other downs, a 4-3 in some situations, and I’m pretty sure I’ve seen some other weird alignments. In theory it’s a pretty good strategy since he recruited a bunch of guys who could play multiple positions. The problem was nobody could coach the linebackers to operate in that defense. Also, these guys didn’t seem to have a mastery of any position so they just couldn’t get the job done. So many times these guys just fucked up their assignments. Sure, there were times they were beat by the OL, but a good amount of time they just filled the wrong fucking gap and the ball goes 10+ yards because of poor coaching.
Worst offense.. they excluded USC. No preseason top-25 is complete without Texas and USC.
what's up with Pac-12 teams and their fascination with bubble screens
You're this thread's MVP
All this confirmed was that not everyone in the NCAA has their head in the sand
Thank you for this awesome description!!!!! I learned a good amount from this!
Worst case he'd be 6 or 7 at Rutgers. Syracuse's line was somehow worse than ours so he'd probably be guaranteed a starting spot on their team
Maybe If you don't count /r/the_Darnold
It's going to be really nice when we get a full share of B1G revenue
N/A
I'm in a bar in Hoboken eating some fresh made pizza, playing trivia, talking about how people should go fuck themselves. This feels like the opposite of whatever is going down in Iowa.
At bar
he looks like he was created in an eastern European lab
You're not even going to throw in a goat? What's all that green paper ESPN gives you every year go to?
Can we also talk about how Ron Harper Jr. basically had the same stat line last night?
I deleted the post big dawg
THON
No idea.. but when I had some business going on that brought me to Jonesboro, Arkansas they asked me what kinda coke I wanted at a Burger King (IIRC)
Young is having a really bad half
The team needs to just sit in the ice bath after this one.. The Iowa game obviously took a lot out of them... Especially Young. He needs to get out of his own head.
When we get cold, we get cold
My heart.
I think Geo Baker just killed a man
And Rudy is 0-1 against the SEC
OBJ was a 4\* https://247sports.com/Player/Odell-Beckham-Jr-1557/high-school-19235/
&gt;espn.com ah, there's the problem right there
That'd be cool, Joel Bloom would have to continue his real estate march near the Broad Street train station in Newark (or less ideally, share the Red Bulls arena). Honestly, as an alumnus of both NJIT and Rutgers, they need to merge those two schools into one. It's kind of ridiculous how close they are, how they're both public, and how combining would raise the stature of both schools. After that, build that FCS stadium, upgrade the hockey team, and get ready to move up to have a mid-major basketball program.
Yikes lol
Facemasks obstruct your vision, shoulder pads obstruct your throwing motion, and helmets are way heavier, less comfortable, and don't protect you as much as you think
He's underage, should not have any affiliation with Johnny Walker. Death penalty to... UNC!!..Asheville
My best guess.. WR.. he's probably too short to play QB at the P5 level unless he has Russell Wilson level skills.. and he's not bulky enough to play RB
Ni hao. I volunteer to figure it out next weekend.
Losing Knott is going to be difficult for the tied
This is contrary to a lot of reports and a lot of stories from friends, family, and acquaintances
Source?
Thanks OP for posting this thread. Thank Hobbs for giving us this coach Thank Pikiell for giving us this team And thank you for the fans who made this possible Fuck all the Rutgers haters, and especially fuck Penn State Also, thank you Hoboken for having a shit ton of bars
My job is going to literally kill me tomorrow. But I'll die knowing we beat Purdue at the RAC. (And hopefully I'll setup Automod to post these threads soon, it's on me.. Bitch at me.. I volunteered) Thank you Hoboken.
This does not always work.. Giants and Jets players are more than happy to practice in the Rutgers bubble.. but we need to build a field house
https://mobile.twitter.com/BarstoolRU/status/1222365378921357312
The app has free articles (I think it's like two a month?)
I tried to find a friendly gif where the person is unsure of whether you're talking to them.. but this is the gif that's all over google when you type in "are you talking to me?" https://media2.giphy.com/media/3oEjHO6kED0gWOSpCU/giphy.gif?cid=790b76118064ab12114f2c8ae103216e42571b2456061a05&amp;rid=giphy.gif
&gt;Rutgers (A): Former coach Greg Schiano. &gt;Colorado State (D): Former Boston College coach Steve Addazio. This was by far the strangest hire of the whole carousel. Crazy part is, Addazio probably would have been a target if we didn't hire Schiano and then didn't hire Hafley
Lol I mean.. If Access works in your work flow, I can't hate on it.. I just don't know when I would ever use Access since pivot tables, PowerPivot, and Power Query can do a lot.. Alongside whatever Excel functions I'd need.
Let's pump the brakes.. it's only a done deal when it's a done deal. The proper term is still sub
I thought they were just going to split the Austin part of Texas into East California
Does he count towards 85 unless he medically retires?
Good job Jim Harbaugh.. you did good
Holy shit..... You're right!!
Hopefully a benevolent AI will become our global government by that point.
Who's the sociopath who chose that typeface?
Texas would like a word with you
I've heard all sorts of war stories from older coworkers where the guy who worked themselves to death wasn't necessarily the one the company decided to keep around when business conditions got tough
I have a meeting with a few executives later today. I'm so fucked. Not that I'm in trouble.. I just don't have enough time to fully prepare.
How did he feel about your old backup QB that transferred to Rutgers?
OTIF
I found footage of when the lead negotiator spoke with Ian McCaw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHeNsynAMgE
*/r/CFB has transferred to FAU*
So.. you're complaining about the system that doesn't hold people in power accountable.. because the governor was in a protest about the system that doesn't hold people in power accountable?
He's getting paid in karma
https://i.redd.it/e5eieo1ejuoy.jpg
&gt;Ezekiel 25:17. "The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of the darkness. For he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know I am the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you." I been sayin' that shit for years. And if you ever heard it, it meant your ass. I never really questioned what it meant. I thought it was just a cold-blooded thing to say to a motherfucker before you threw a touchdown pass. But I saw some shit this mornin' made me think twice. Now I'm thinkin': it could mean you're the evil man. And I'm the righteous man. And Mr. arm here, he's the shepherd protecting my righteous ass in the valley of darkness. Or it could be you're the righteous man and I'm the shepherd and it's the world that's evil and selfish. I'd like that. But that shit ain't the truth. The truth is you're the weak. And I'm the tyranny of evil men. But I'm tryin, Purdue. I'm tryin' real hard to be the quarterback.
Got an attaboy from my CEO today.. does that mean I can take the rest of the week off?
Yes
Not like home field advantage means much this year. Unless you consider jet lag, but a bit of stretching, hydration and sleep will fix the worst of those problems.
Under Joel Bloom’s ever watchful and beautiful eyes. Praise be.
Joel Bloom plays 8 dimensional chess. ASun Commish invited Liberty.
1. Wash your damn hands 2. Wear a damn mask 3. Stay at least 6 ft away from people
Northwestern? Good for them, I know they had a young team.. but that's a bit surprising
We fucking did it!
tl;dr some parts of the country are fucked.. and that will hurt sports in the US
reasonable
Please, Pat Hobbs.. please test them the second they step on campus so we're not an embarrassment like Houston.
We can only hope the staff helped them find free testing.. I know our R0 is pretty good.. but it's not that good
We bring our guys back in tomorrow.. while we've contained the virus and dropped our R0 below 1, kids from Newark and South Jersey are at higher risk relative to the other parts of the state.. our out of state dudes are the ones I'm worried about.
The B1G East, Monmouth, and Syracuse
The body language looked like he was forced to be there... Almost like there was a deal that was made immediately before that video.
That Vanderbilt offer though
Katy. Perry. Day.
This makes way too much sense
Do your part. Wash your damn hands, wear a mask.
I was feeling bad because I think our QB room is going to be hit hard by the transfer portal (I know, they're not good, but depth is nice).. then I remembered Powell could fill-in as an emergency QB if we get desperate... and so can Johnny if he decides to stick around and move to TE.
Taking hard earned karma from us public school flairs to the top.. typical Harvard /s
[Seeing this comment this low in the thread](https://youtu.be/ZmTiBIcNCQk?t=35)
Hey.. you're not allowed to use common sense that examines a complex problem, which requires solutions that recognize there are gray areas which will wind up with a huge benefit for the masses, with inconveniences resulting because of an evolved way to look at how our towns are cities are built that reflects upon the fact we have 2020 technology, not 1960's technology. You're supposed to root for mcmansions for the rich in the suburbs, and 600 sq ft studio apartments in the cities that cost more than the mcmansions.. that's what this sub likes! This way, everyone can bitch about how the state is simultaneously overcrowed and housing prices are too high!
Dabo, Gundy, and Leech moved the needle for me. Still not fully there, though.
https://www.axios.com/nebraska-coronavirus-masks-f45cee42-628d-41c3-8c1f-21f8cbc383c8.html Is it time to kick Nebraska out of the B1G?
Test accounts for election season IMO
Let's shut down the streets for cards, and hand out scooters. This is the best possible solution to all problems.
&gt;But instead they had to shit on Rudy for no reason so instead Rudy is the subject of the conversation. this sub does have an SEC bias
New Jersey now basically lets poor kids get a 4 year degree for free (conditionally)
Those ~~Slap dicks~~ Fuck sticks at GCCC are gonna do big things.. assuming Kansas gets their virus containment in order
He's a fun follow on twitter
Are you suggesting that a guy who spent his whole life in Jersey and who last worked at Princeton would have a culture clash with Gundy? But in all seriousness.. he did a great job at Princeton and I'm sure he learned quite a bit working in the Big XII under Gundy.. I'm looking forward to seeing what he could do back at Rutgers.. even if our offense is kind of a disaster.
[All Catholics on here looking at numbers from ND against Liberty, BYU, Baylor, etc.]( https://m.imgur.com/gallery/KqS5JMh)
So I work/worked(?) in Detroit quite frequently.. I'll never forget the time I was listening to sports radio and they were damn right militant about soccer and building a soccer stadium in Detroit. I never understood it.. more sports are a good thing, the construction jobs coming to the city would have been great.. and it'd be interesting if Detroit eventually became a host city for when the World Cup comes back to the US. For the record.. I'm not a huge soccer fan, but the World Cup is one of the tournaments in all of sports, if not *the* best tournament.. and it's embarrassing that the USMNT was such a dumpster fire last time around. It pains me the world laughs at US Soccer.
From a business standpoint.. The H1-B thing really fucks a over a lot of businesses.. but also just moves the problem to remote outsourcing lol. It accomplishes nothing, jobs won't be protected, wages won't go up. You'll just slow things down.
Train wreck of an election cycle is my middle square
&gt; Though I know that Republicans are also trying to kill those student visas too. Jack up the costs, then lower the taxes.. it's a shell game
I'm in full support of a B1G ban as well.
It's okay, we scheduled them. I'm still disappointed. From comments I've seen in *some* Rutgers circles, I imagine a subset of our boosters encouraged/paid for that game to be scheduled.
By this time next week, we will be a fully integrated B1G university.
&gt;I hope it's a hockey game to settle it! We need cash for hockey stadium.. our closest hockey stadium that can fit people is a few blocks away from Rutgers-Newark. Can Rutgers-Newark be B1G, too?
Norries Wilson and Nunzio tied for first
&gt;They are set to have an extremely deep lineup for next season. The lineup within the first three weight classes will likely include three All-Americans in Nic Aguilar at 125 pounds, Alvarez at 133 pounds and Rivera at 141 pounds. Former no. 1 recruit JoJo Aragona wrestled at 141 last season and gives RU excellent depth. The back end of the lineup is bolstered by the return of Christian Colucci and the recent addition of JUCO national champion Boone McDermott. In addition, the 2020 recruiting class brings top tier talent to the upper weight classes in Kyle Epperly and John Poznanski. Well. God damn.
&gt;No matter how we got here, no matter how many other states have similar Confederate undertones Georgia
If the transfer portal were a thing... He could have been the next OJ Simpson
Notre Dame would rather opt to stay at home than play a bowl game against Liberty
Time to go to Florida... Nothing but sunshine and beautiful sandy beaches
n...nice?
I imagine he could write the prosecutor a letter.. they might agree to something lesser just to get rid of you since it's a waste of their time
