I don't get it, I find Winter Bones extremely boring.
Oh sweet holy Jesus imagine that!
I like to think micro and macro scales are, ultimately, the same, so the Universe is an atom of itself.
My friend killed a dog like this :-(
Sexual forces are primal, and the same as spiritual forces.
It also follow the spiritual tradition of the shadow, and integrating and accepting your shadow.
Something useful to do. As in, do my homework or help at the house etc.
I am 40, my husband 54. He has an adult son from his first marriage. I never wanted children, and I am very happy I don't have any. No regrets whatsoever, quite the opposite: a feeling of satisfaction I made good life choices.
I agree. This is horrendous.
Me too. Who wants to be a powerless child?
Very popular in Poland; also ketchup on pizza.
Zombie apocalypse ..?
You are amazing, that's a great post! ❤️❤️❤️
This is just very bad writing.
That's the objective way of reporting, although the word 'claimed' is a poor choice. It would be better to say 'they said they were starving'. If you are a medic/police that's the way you are taught to write your reports. You cannot write 'the patient had a head-ache', as you are not experiencing it first hand; you can only report that a patient 'complained about having a headache', or even more neutrally and sticking tonthe facts 'the patients said/reported a headache'.
I was thinking the same!
I suppose it happens when there is no generational malnutrition (?). Reports from Warsaw ghetto were exactly the same - grown up people looking like kids.
Neighbours said they saw an older daughter driving on her own.
Imagine if he had an accident.
How do you know she didn't? She managed to get 3 of her children out after all.
Yes, it is badly written indeed.
immortal jellyfish https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turritopsis_dohrnii
I agree! The feel is definitely there.
Yes, when you take their ages into account it all looks completely different.
apparently that's spiritual enlightement
I had a quiet sob myself, I admit.
&gt; I find it hard to imagine the Japanese would spend too much time trying to ID the body, and I'm not even sure if they can. Japanese society is hugely bureaucratic, they would go out of their way to ID the body if they could. But if they don't know that someone is missing ..?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coffin_birth
In my times (Poland early 80s) cheating was not discouraged, and we were told 'you are allowed to cheat, but be smart about it', and when we were caught we were punished not for cheating per se, but for being stupid to be caught So, I used to keep notes in my pencil case written in Cyrillic. If a teacher inquired, I would say these were my notes for the Russian class. In reality, these were normal notes written in my language (Polish) just in a different alphabet.
Exactly! God knows what else will come out :-(
I do. I don't like complaints myself, even though I completely understand where it's coming from. That's why I stopped going to support group, it was like victim competition, not constructive at all.
I wonder how many kids have died.
I bought the same piece of jewellery twice: I bought it in a charity shop, then lost it, then went to another shop (months later) and saw it there - someone must have found it and donated it - and bought it again.
First if all, forget about a concept such as a 'friendzone', it's something that emerged in the last few years and its only role is to unnecessarily categorise complex human relations. Once your mind gets stuck on it, you lose the way to think broadly about what it means to relate to other humans.
Calling it something doesn't really explain it though.
'If it's black, attack' ... after you my friend!
We were all given iodine, I grew up in Poland.
Of course it doesn't, but that's what we've got.
They would DO things instead of JUST TALKING.
Like for example, it may be good to wear a pink ribbon for a breast cancer awareness days, but wearing a ribbon in itself does nothing if is not followed by, for example, an information on what symptoms to pay attention to (which, again, makes no difference whatsoever if the waiting time for a screening is six months. What's the point of telling women they have to be vigilant if they are later, as my friend's mother, put on a 9 month waiting list for a scan? More structural changes are needed then).
And once you realise like are dreaming you can bend time and space, just like in a lucid dream.
It would be like reading comments on youtube.
Anne Frank wasn't German, she was Dutch!
There are, you can find them online. There was also a speculation that she was skinned when she was still alive.
No, hypertelorism.
In Polish it's 'klapki' or 'japonki'.
Thank you! La la land was IMO boring and predictable. The songs were dreadful.
I gave cards and chocolates to my co-workers for Christmas. All women thanked me and also brought me cards, men ate the chocolates (I saw them stuffing their faces) and didn't even think to thank me. No 'thank you', no 'fuck off', nothing. I was quite upset.
You are right, she was German born. But she lived in Amsterdam.
I am scared of that too! Let's just hope it will happen at 3 am and I will be able to un-like it before someone sees it ... On the other hand though, accidental like in the middle of the night ... ugh :-O
The Sweet Hereafter
Evolutionary speaking, people have never been lying in bed for 8 hours; there are still tribes in which people have two hour naps throughout a day. What's treated as a 'sleep disorder' nowadays it is often a normal human sleeping cycle, sadly unfit for the modern lifestyle.
It's about - how to put this? - desacralising something that should remain in the respectful shadows. There are some intimate, poignant things in life that should not be flaunted about to the daylight.
That's a cool story!
He had three different women in Europe with which he had children. The children reconnected when they were adults.
He had THREE different families in Europe.
I don't think that is always the case. If we assume there are other realities, we simply move to one where the person we think of has the desire that we expect. We are not messing in anyone's life, just shifting to the option in which this is true.
Steve Pavlina recommends imagining not the first stages of your desire, but two years ahead, when the situation gets stable. If you visualise guys and then your imagination gets hazy, that's what you are getting - it's working, but you can't maintain it. Visualise yourself two years forward, in the relationship that is already established.
It's the same with every law. Civil law does not say it's 'bad' to kill others, it just states the penalty/legal consequences for doing so.
I wouldn't even want kids with people I love ...
I was like you, and everyone told me I would change. I am a 40 year old woman now, and God I am happy I have no kids. Best decision ever.
Life is a dream, reality is subjective.
My husband is the same. He always calls when I am paying at the till at Tesco, sitting in the bathroom, napping, meditating, or someone else just called me.
This is all a dream.
How many times in your life have you actually had a need to name a caterpillar? :\-)
No, that's Grimsby.
Casual kitten 😺😎
I agree, sounds awesome! 👍❤️
Please read this, it will help you: https://www.stevepavlina.com/blog/2006/05/subjective-reality-qa/
Not simulation. A dream. https://www.stevepavlina.com/blog/2006/05/subjective-reality-qa/
https://www.stevepavlina.com/blog/2006/05/subjective-reality-qa/ This will help
Very true!
Become educated and get a professional job where you can have flexible hours and work from home on bad days. Consultant, academic etc.
You mean you can spot continuity errors in films/books? Some people earn money doing this.
Coś podobnego, trudno uwierzyc 🤔
I have no idea what 'brain freeze' is either - we always thought it was some strange American thing. Only heard of it in films.
I was hypnotised once at the show - I was doing all sorts of things, have no memory of it.
Mess your body clock: sleep late, read Reddit all night, eat lots of sugar. Also have zero daily routine. You will feel crap in no time!
Never experienced this in my entire life.
I wish I earned 30k a year, and I have a PhD. Academic jobs at the post-doc level don't pay that much.
Just human nature
Legal almost everywhere in Europe and Middle East.
There were 45 in mine.
I was too late for the cum-box, so at least will be immortalised here.
Google attachment disorders. What you described sounds very much like one.
Eh, who actually IS in love with their spouse after years of marriage?
it's 'masturbate'
I will never understand - and I am a woman - why people think an 'emotional affair' is worse than the 'physical affair'. I don't care about the emotional stuff.
You can borrow a dog though. Look up BorrowMyDoggy website.
Oh my 🙀
Not only a language in this case, but cultural identity and a sense of belonging as well.
You really think that 'having bad days sometimes' is a clinical problem? That's what life is - sometimes good, sometimes bad. Not everything is a medical condition.
In the UK you have to give the candidates feedback by law.
I am from Poland and grew up with rationed cards and shortages, but noone is really obese.
For the lard probably, you spread salt on it. A peanut butter sandwich in the 80s in Poland is science fiction though. There were some hazelnuts spreads, but very much different than now.
It seems childlish, but a similar escape worked for those two who went to Sweden under the truck - God I don't remember their names now.
First rule of forensics 'every contact leaves a trace'
How can anyone doubt that? Ever seen Dachshunds and other weird breeds? How do people think they got here?
Religion is a part of culture.
Could still be from the future, just not a very far one - say next week.
You jumped out of the water and disappeared?
Thank you!
Thank your explaining this. I still find it shocking. And in Shannan's case - not only you get murdered, but your private conversation with your husband about your marriage is aired to all and sundry. I can understand why court proceedings are public; but witnesses' and victims' texts? If I'm not charged with anything, I wouldn't want my correspondence with someone to be reprinted in press, just because the person I was writing to ended up murdering someone. I would surely give an access to the police, but why wouldn't my rights to privacy be respected in such cases?
I still think this is out of line. How's that company's business what two adults do in their free time? If it wasn't affecting their work, why would that be unprofessional?
Totally agree, thank you for your comment!
Everyone is capable of murder, the layer of civilisation is very thin. Look at what happened at former Yugoslavia - people were murdered by their neighbours, people they knew, hosted in their home and befriended for years ... the breaking point is not very far for any of us - further in the time of peace, but during the war and the slightest survival scare we lose our civility in an astonishing speed.
I don't think that was planned either. However, the idea of 'planning' is vague in itself. He could have been, for example, fantasising about murder as a way out - many people do, but there is a huge gap between imagining that, and actually doing that (vide Raskolnikov). You know like sometimes people come across a place and think 'ha, that would be a great place to hide a body' - they usually think of some crime series they watched, or have an interest in true crime, but this is not a serious thought. Until, one day, maybe they murder someone, and they think about that place again ...
Bundy's girlfriend suspected, and reported him to the police multiple times.
Exactly, she was an easy target. You may be right about the mother - I don't remember that very well.
Ronnie was probably guided before this talk. I'm sure he was told what to expect, otherwise his reaction to the news his granddaughters were dead would be different.
No, there are only saints on this forum, who never had a stray thought in their lives.
I thought she was very laid back - I know the type, just not very prone to emotional upheavals. What would you expect her to do, cry all the time? I would probably react in a similar way. And of course she was talking about herself, because that's what they were asking her about, she wasn't leading the conversation.
Judging by the comments here on this sub, she was right on point to make sure to protect her reputation. You are right about slut shaming.
How would she help? What exactly did she know?
Tamar! That's beautiful. I only knew that as a girl's name, Tamara, but Tamar is very cool.
But what about clothes and a nappy? The bones? They would be found sooner or later. As for Shannan, with such shallow grave she would have been found in no time no matter what.
I’m sure the FBI is reviewing his life to check if there were no other victims ... NK could have a lucky escape herself.
And the nappy ...
I don't even remember my own passwords ... I also don't know our home phone number. It's all automatic these days.
I think that engaging coworkers made it all more real ... as long as he was alone, it was almost like it didn't happen, like some sort of personal nightmare. You know, it's like informing family about someone's death makes it more real ... I guess that was the moment the shit hit the fan for him and he started realising the repercussions of what he did.
Maybe her breasts were swollen due to the pregnancy, and keeping them in the bra was actually more comfortable ... or maybe it was something along the lines of keeping their shape etc., many women do that. I think it's very hard to read anything into this.
No idea ... but there is a huge variety in how people behave, so it's almost impossible to tell ... I'm a woman, and I can imagine sleeping in a bra - uncomfortable, but stranger things happen.
This case has so many layers ... perplexing. In a way, nothing makes sense, like there is one vital piece missing.
She wasn't the daughter of Chris's boss, that's just rumour. Christ told her they still lived together with Shannan, but he sleeps in the basement.
I'm on the 459 page of the crime report, and I have to say, the level in which Shannan's friends were involved and were interfering in their life is cringy to me. I would go properly mad if some nosy friend started calling me at work to say she couldn't contact my wife for an hour, and was already snooping at the door when I arrived. The files describe how, when Chris and police arrived, the friend ran around the house to look for clues etc. Later on - I'm reading friends' messages - they were inundating him with questions, always knowing better what he should be doing, 'are you a believer in prayer?' and so on. People interviewed mentioned they unfriended Shannan because of her constant posting, didn't believe in all the conditions she claimed she had, and even suggested she disappeared for attention. Now, knowing what we know now it was, of course, good they all got involved and started looking for her etc. - but God isn't it annoying to read. If I went missing, noone would notice for at least a month ... my husband is often away for weeks, I speak to my mother on the phone maybe once a month as well max, I guess I don't get this kind of involvement/intrusion ...
Heard of no-poo movement? It's about not using shampoo.
He used 'smothered' and 'strangled' in the interview with the FBI, and also 'choked'.
According to the transcript he said he didn't know what happened to Bella, and with Cece he only knew that 'Shannan was on top of her'. Agent Coder asked if she was strangling her, and Chris answered he wasn't sure, as she couldn't see.
Why arguing? We are talking :-)
He probably died instantly when the car hit the water.
The problem is people who are like that often don’t understand the difference between the ‘truth’ and their subjective opinion. Saying to someone ‘I don’t like you’ may be a brutal truth, but ‘you are ugly’ is a subjective opinion of not much value.
Oh God, it was so boring, and the songs were atrocious.
Umbridge is the personification of Hanna Arendt’s ‘banality if evil’. She was worse than Voldemort.
He can send his foot there in the rocket!
Exactly! Boyfriend or not, it’s nice to have an admirer too ❤️
Yeah, Reddit is like a Moral Police in action.
Oxford University does it.
Not really. Nothing in the books about that.
The third option is to lose sight AND the memory of sight as and adult; that can, actually, happen. People don’t realise they’ve lost something.
Oh you poor soul! :-(
Grow up
Yes, but not every close relationship must be, by definition, sexual ... they were clearly fascinated by each other, but that can mean all sorts of things.
i don't think that makes much difference, to be honest. The bodies would be found sooner or later no matter what - there was no way to take them from the tanks, and Shannan's grave was very shallow, and the bed sheet was lying nearby. Remember that they've been poking around disturbed ground of Shannan's grave before Chris confessed. It was only a matter of time. Even if the police was notified 24 hours later, and he would hide Shannan's phone/stuff, she would still be found.
In the Glitch in the Matrix sub people posted that, in a time of stress/need/relaxation they suddenly understood different languages they had no way of understanding.
I've always wanted to see them, and - as I travel to Japan often - I decided to make a special trip of it. I went to Yamagata; at the end I saw three of them (there is more, but not all can be 'visited'). One temple was in town, and two others in the mountains. You have to take a bus to Oami, and walk from there. These temples are beautiful :-) There are two Sokushinbutsu there, one in each temple. Shinnyokai Syonin is best preseved one: he's dressed in orange robe (although they do re-dress him in 15 years or so - I don't remember how often exactly). He looks very tranquil. I was so excited to see them I almost cried out of joy! :-) It's not creepy at all, it's very peaceful: I can imagine spending night there meditating 'with' the Sokushinbutsu. They are indeed treated as in-beetwen life and death, and not like dead bodies, so it's not like seeing a mummy, but more like meeting a monk. There are not many visitors - it's not very well known even among Japanese, and people were surprised I knew about this. I spoke to many people in Tokyo who have never heard about these monks. This was one of the most exciting experiences of my life &lt;3
A bottle of water. Wind-up torch. A face-mask.
But how would he move her? He would have to either go there in Anadarko's van, and be tracked again, or use Shannan's car - and it would be seen on neighbour's cameras he moved it out of the garage, they could swap the tires etc. He was toast the moment he murdered them, I really don't think ANYTHING would help him at that point. Would he take off though? He made no attempt to do so ... which would, actually, make more sense, as the whole family would disappear ...
They were already poking around Shannan's grave before he confessed. They knew he was there on Monday, they noticed disturbed ground and found the sheet.
In the crime report it says he moved her to the bedroom and wrapped her in the sheet there.
Circumstantial. Very unusual, but not 100% impossible.
We know she didn't buy any hair products, she simply received an email notification on the purchase she made beforehand.
That all makes sense. But why kill the kids?
&gt;I also think his mistress was most definitely putting on this facade of being completely opposite of Shanann. Why a facade? She seems to be genuinely a different type of a woman - laid back, outdoorsy, calm. That all comes out in her interviews.
&gt;Why should we believe that, even though &gt; &gt;presenting so many circumstantial evidence &gt; &gt;, the judicial system is failing Christopher Watts if he couldn't even tell the most important part of his confession without contradicting himself? Because, technically speaking, lying and contradicting yourself is not automatically a *proof* of guilt.
From what we know to date, the investigators actually praised NK for her help, publicly said she was indispensable to the investigation, and provided her with legal protection/counselling. How's that Reddit knows better?
&gt;SW was searching skincare at 2:30 She wasn't, she just got an email notification about the earlier purchase. He also never said he saw the kids blue on the monitor - if you read the crime reports.
\-- his story doesn't add up, if he thought she was killing a kid, he'd try to save that child, but according to him, he didn't try to save her or call 911 (that would be very unusual behaviour for a parent) &amp;#x200B; Or it could be 'my coworker will not be there so this is where I will take the bodies' - an opportunity unknowingly created. CW was actually asked why did he take bodies to Cervi and he said 'I was going there anyway'. &amp;#x200B; To be honest, the whole ice-cream debacle is cringy to me, and I don't really get it. What exactly was the problem with other kids having it?
This is a crime sub, we are discussing the crime. These are reasonable questions. You can just as well ask what is the point of defending Shannan - she's already dead, so what's the objective?
Ok, but is the alternative more believable? I mean, WHY on earth would he kill those kids? Everyone interviewed said he was a good father, and he loved his daughters immensely. No red flags whatsoever. So why?
So explain why on earth a dedicated father, someone who *literally everyone* said was loving and caring, suddenly murders his whole family in cold blood? That doesn't make any sense either. No affair explains that.
Why abandon? He was discussing 50/50 custody.
Maybe they were not invited. How rude of you to make such presumptions about people you’ve never met.
Meh. This is a pretty new standard; from my perspective it’s a fad.
I put dessicated coconut instead of salt in my scrambled eggs once ...
Trust Reddit to turn an interesting, existential question, into ‘everyone would want to fuck their daughters’ debate ...
I’m a woman and never met anyone who would actually want to be a stay at home mum ... I’m from Eastern Europe though, and the intellectual ethos was high in my time. I’m a third generation of Phds myself.
In Poland you just put one symbolic coin inside
❤️❤️❤️
I’m a woman, and I honestly don’t care about ‘emotional affairs’. It’s fine with me.
Sometimes feelings are so strong it’s almost impossible to not act on them. People have problems to stop themselves from eating one more piece of cake, so what to say about a strong physical attraction?
I went to primary school in the early 80s. Teachers used to smoke during lessons.
In the UK a male doctor will not examine you without a female chaperone present. I wanted a GP to look at my mole (below panty lines) and we had to wait for twenty minutes for the nurse.
The point is, a private dispute between the victim and her mother in law should stay private.
If you read the crime report you will see that, like, at least five people involved had variations of that name ... it’s confusing to read. Nick, Nickole, Nichol, and more ... I guess just popular. Also, Shannan’s mother is Italian, and it’s an insanely popular name amongst the Italian community.
Exaggerated illness is close to Munchausen by proxy, and that would shed a very different light on the whole thing ... In crime report there was a statement some people thought she faked her diseases, but I have no idea what was the situation.
Relevant to the judges and lawyers, not the Daily Mail readers ...
The rich people’s one
Job interviews through Skype should be banned.
Now try this, but imagine you have to use your second language.
I have no kids and zero interest in leaving a ‘legacy’ of any kind. What do I care what happens after I die? How can anyone care?
I would do exactly the same. Who wants their private messages aired to the suddenly more righteous than thou public?
Same at universities. I know someone with a PhD who worked through a temp agency for 9 years.
It doesn't. Many people have affairs and don't murder their spouses. The agency is clearly with the perpetrators.
They will be sooner or later, this whole Universe will go.
You are amazing! Wow.
It's not about embarrassment - it's about privacy and intimacy. If I were writing a secret diary I wouldn't want anyone to read it - not because I'm posting something embarrassing there, but because it's private. I had a similar discussion with my mother when I was a child ... she couldn't understand why I didn't want her to read my poems/diary etc. 'If you have nothing to hide you should show us' ... erm, no.
Assimilation and integration are not the same things too ...
Dumping your problems on others and dragging them down is selfish too.
Big ass 🕷 was great! 😃
If you are worried about what other people think about you, it’s sometimes easier to kill them, then to face their disappointment ...
There’s no such thing as gay-radar ... seriously people. You haven’t even met him in real life.
I have no idea what my husband spends money on - there are no secrets, but I can't imagine monitoring his account, or investigating his receipts. I would go absolutely mad if he tried the same to me. I didn't even want to share an account with him - we have separate accounts. I may just as well share a toothbrush ... never understood checking your partner's phone, account etc. What's the point? You can't force anyone to love you - if they don't, you will not be able to stop that anyway. My parents were very controlling when I was growing up, my mother trying to read my diary etc. and I am very sensitive about my privacy. I don't have any secrets, but I need my boundaries to be respected. But again, I wouldn't be snooping at my husband's restaurant bills ... Giving my husband my phone passcode is a sci-fi for me. I have nothing dodgy on my phone, but it's my phone ...
Yeah, he should have been honest, but it's not easy (as I've said before) to tell a pregnant woman you love someone else and want to leave ... she had health problems too, he had little choice but try to spare her feelings, I can get the lying in such situation. Also, things are complex, maybe he wasn't sure what he wanted etc., maybe he loved both, but desired only NK etc. etc. etc. You make it sound so easy, but noone with children will suggest separation (lawyers, selling the house, custody etc.) just because they have feelings for someone else, no matter how strong they were. They would try to juggle both until they know where they stand, or until it all crashes on their head. Maybe he hoped he would be caught and the decision will be made for him.
&gt; He just panicked. He took them to the very job site he was scheduled to be at that morning. He was asked about why he took the bodies to Cervi, and he said that 'he was going there anyway'.
That, too, would be easily tracked to him and his location.
Actually, it could be a police doing this. They monitor all big gatherings these days, especially after Bataclan and Ariana Grande concert. All events with that many people could be potentially targeted.
He destroyed his life and so many other lives. There are no winners here - a tragic situation all around. I think he’s now like someone who jumped from the bridge and half-way down realised that all his problems were actually solvable. I believe he felt he couldn’t cope, but in a hind-sight it must seem to him the way out was so easy, and no harm would have been done. He could be with his lover now, and still have his kids - there would some drama, but it would be fine, they would all work it out, and it wouldn’t be comparable to what actually happened. I wouldn’t want to be in his shoes.
Yeah, but that’s not her fault. Why would company police their adult workers free time is also beyond me.
I’ve never been anyone’s mistress, and never cheated on anyone. That doesn’t mean I am some sort of saint who can cast a stone at someone I don’t even know. I’m not even in the US - who cares what my ‘moral opinion’ is? Is my opinion that important anyway? I don’t see what she did as particularly wrong; not ideal, but who am I to judge? She owes me (and ‘the public’ no explanation). There are much worse things a person can do than have an affair.
The investigators publicly praised her for her input and even organised her a councillor. What else would you expect of her?
The thing is, your or mine opinion of her doesn’t matter at all. Who cares what we think? Those involved in the investigation praised her for her input, and it’s not really up to us to judge her moral condition or whatever. The police doesn’t think she lied, and stated publicly she was very helpful. What else would you expect?
Maybe she didn't need it after all.
I honestly hope you will never be in a situation where you will find that you are more than able to do even worse things. Look at former Yugoslavia - people who were friends and neighbours for years suddenly started murdering each other. Primo Levi wrote that people who met in the camp never kept in touch with each other after the war, as they've all felt they did something compromising to survive, and couldn't look each other in the eyes. Two months of hunger in the war zone, and we all turn into monsters ... the veneer of civilisation is very thin.
Morning after pills are illegal in my country (Poland, middle of the EU)... in theory, you can only get them if they are prescribed by the doctor, but in reality no doctor will see you that quickly, and almost no doctor will prescribe them, and even if they did, a pharmacist may not want to sell it 'on religious grounds' etc. So, in practice, illegal and almost impossible to get.
Or, like, wearing super-thin gloves from some - I don't know - mega absorbent material?
World is a strange place ... I don't even sweat in a sauna ... just sit there, all dry.
You were very young and obedient in a face of an authority (the manager). Don't be too harsh on yourself, you didn't have today's mental tools.
Contraceptives are available, but not super freely ... if you live in the small town/village, you rely on your doctor to prescribe them, and they can refuse citing religious objections etc. If you are in a big town and middle class, and go to private doctors etc. then things are easy of course.
The point is, it's very easy to get diagnosed with depression - in the UK you can go to your GP and, if you know what to say - and they are more than happy to actually guide you towards it - you can get a diagnosis and antidepressants in about five minutes. Being sad from time to time is not depression, it's a part of life.
I wanted to say ... will you look at yourself differently?
He couldn’t use her car though.
If he didn’t sleep then you have to account the lack of sleep for his incoherent actions too.
Have you read ‘Crime and Punishment?’ Raskolnikov planned and premeditated the murder, then lost his nerve and everything went wrong. He got into such shock he started engaging in some inconsequential stuff, and at one point he wasn’t sure if his senses were not lying to him. He thought, maybe I’m all in blood, but can’t see it? He was losing his mind - he didn’t even rob his victim after all. It’s hard to estimate intelligence by looking at what someone did in such extreme situation.
No way the nappy would decompose either.
They found a sheet and disturbed ground before he confessed.
Of course they would, what else was there? It must have been somewhere at the site.
What does he need money for anyway?
Yes - if people as disconnected as us can be that interested, surely people who are involved are even more interested ...
Guys ... stop this sentimental drivel. This is a private picture, first of all. Second, yes, it’s sad, but she was a grown woman, already divorced once, she would have managed through a break-up, she seemed quite strong and driven. She was already murdered, don’t victimise her further. Also - all this ‘look at her she’s suffering so much’ is exactly the way of thinking that made ‘why didn’t he just get a divorce?’ impossible.
My experience is the doctors are too eager too label you with a depression instead trying to the bottom of various problems (autism/PDA in girls, and many physiological issues that may mimic depression). What is also worrying to me is that diagnosing so many people with depression or any other mental problem is shifting the responsibility from the often shitty contexts to individuals. For example, the way Academia operates is highly pathological, and many people start cracking up - instead of changing the system they get labelled as 'mentally ill'.
It would be very difficult for him to explain why he used her car - in theory, she was supposed to be at home with the kids and would need the car during the course of the day, so why take it? And that would be also filmed, and then mud/soil samples could be taken from the wheels.
It’s even more moronic here in Poland - some brain-dead guys are doing the Nazi-salute: their grandparents fought in the war against the Nazis! How stupid can you get?
Then he should go to the university! It’s only a couple of years difference, so he could pull it off, and he could study various things, instead repeating high school ad nauseam.
By that time you probably internalised a lot of the limitations they put on you - leaving is scary and unfamiliar, but you will be free. Try step by step, and good luck to you ❤️
Gaelic ...
👍👍👍
Systems, law and beliefs change though, in 35 years conjugal visits may be a thing again. Impossible to predict where the world and technology will go. BTW look at Breivik - he has a very comfortable life, and he got less than CW so can still be free.
‘I didn’t want to kill her, I just wanted her to stop screaming’
Everyone is dealing with something, that’s an adult life, and hardly makes anyone a hero. Still, private things should remain private - not for the sake of protecting public image we all try to project, but because they were not intended to leave the private sphere.
Probably they tried to feed newborn babies once the mother died in childbirth ... very logical.
Women used to die in childbirth, they probably try to feed newborns...
All her friends were walking over him as well ... look at how Nickole and her son tried to get into the house, called him from his job, bossed him around and ran around the house to look for things ... Why didn’t he tell them to hop it? Well, we know why, but in a normal course of things he would simply tell her not to interfere in his family business, thanked her for alerting him, and spoke to the police alone.
I don’t think I would mind, to be honest, but I wouldn’t buy the house as I would be worried about selling it later with such record.
Yeah, she would be worried, but wouldn’t immediately call the police and snoop around the house herself.
Still, if they were NOT murdered ... they were still missing less than a day and could be visiting friends somewhere ...
I don’t get all the hassle about the toys/blankets - what difference would that make either way?
I think it was one mistake or misjudgment or a sudden impulse that escalated. Once he killed Shannan he was digging himself deeper with every single move.
Everyone has a dark side; some of us are better ‘tamed’ and civilised than others. The real evil here was murder; everything else (maybe even killing the kids) was a desperate try to cover what he’s done, which went from bad to worse.
I was thinking of stopping the kids screaming
It is unhealthy, but it includes emotions and empathy.
It was DNA Ancestry. Yeah, both my parents got tested separately and the programme linked us, indicating parental matches. We live in different countries and ordered tests separately, we also have different surnames. I live in the UK, but have no British roots whatsoever, my parents live in Eastern Europe.
If ANYONE is an alien reptile, it would be her ...
Gifts from family
Interestingly, many people who shout about victim blaming and saying nothing SW did could be discussed in the context of the motives are more than happy to blame NK for CW’s behaviour.
I don’t get the blankets etc. stuff - why does that matter?
Nah, the stats would be different, you need to limit the base group to those who can write/read English, and women of a certain age.
That’s exactly what happens. We subconsciously treat people the way we treat ourselves, or think about ourselves deep down.
The whole good/bad dichotomy is a judeo-christian concept non existent in many Eastern value systems.
It’s impossible to predict really.
Is this an American thing? I was raised in Eastern Europe and we were never told anything like that.
Some context supports ‘bootstraps’ more than other - in some cast societies no amount of effort would elevate you.
More like ending on the street with no place to live ...
What?!
I am in Europe, good luck suing me and asking my government for extradition ...
I know! English is my second language, and I cringe when I see all these apostrophes ...
Self-discipline to build self-trust
Me!
Not necessarily, you assume a lot. You have no idea how this kind of news would be received.
Avoid mirrors, maybe they are what’s causing your age 😀 maybe you are disrupting the transformation ...
Morgan Freeman, serial killer vibe.
He already murdered two people though, so it is - in a way - serial.
And yet, Jake Patterson ...
Or ‘I’m nervous before the exams, I have anxiety issues’ - no, mate, it’s just life, that’s how we all react to stressful situations.
I don’t have any problem with that, it’s a part of our human history.
Why differentiate? I mean, who cares so much that we have to specify this?
It’s a big thing in Japan, there are literally clinics that install braces to make straight teeth crooked.
Don’t feel sorry for the second lead, his purpose is to give a female main character a choice 😀 So, he has to be nice, so we know she didn’t end up with the main guy just because she had no other options.
I love this theme - that’s why I’m watching, for a fated fairytale. We have enough realistic compromises and disappointing relationships in real life :-(
They showed her once on Skype, when Dan-i called her during her work day, and she was mentioned at the very end. I am not bothered by that at all, because I accepted that the daughter was, so to speak, figurative, and her role in the series was to keep Dan-i out of a job market for many years. I don’t expect these kind of dramas to be realistic, they are beautiful fairytales, and that’s why I watch them.
I think it was brilliant, and very nuanced. Also, fantastic soundtrack.
I mean, who can you trust in this life, if you cannot trust drug cartels? 🤷‍♀️
I don’t think it matters; he has an access to the same investigation info we all do, and - considering we don’t have an access to a crime scene info BG and LE have - we haven’t posted anything particularly insightful. At the end of the day, all we do is gossiping about publicly available information. I really can’t see how reading this sub could be in any way helpful or harmful to BG. Reddit itself is pretty niche, to be honest, not everyone is into online discussion boards.
Come to Eastern Europe, the customer is always wrong here!
Could they be pushed off the bridge?
Lack of property rights creates the same, if not more, amount of conflict. Source: I was raised in a communist country. People were so happy with no property - no-one was allowed to own their flat, it belonged to the state - that the tanks had to come and cool our enthusiasm.
Liberty in North Korea
What was that 🤪
There are some clear cases though, vide Breivik, who should have been shot on the spot.
Teens have all sorts of strange feelings, she will grow out of it most likely. If the girl doesn’t get much love at home, she’s probably gravitating towards someone who is kind and around; again, that’s pretty standard. Informing the parents is the worst possible thing you can do.
Cultural differences/beliefs about the nature and reason for hardship, for example.
Yeah, overcompensation.
Overcompensation. Inflating the ego to overcome insecurity.
Yeah, like rich kids who scold some poor souls on not boycotting Primark, and feel very self-righteous about not shopping there without realising they have a luxury to make such choices.
Especially PTSD.
But it’s a dispute about *beliefs*, and should not be approaches as such.
In Poland the government runs a programme that pays people to reproduce, and the Church teaches ecology is a ‘dangerous ideology’ and vegetarianism ‘anti-Christian’.
I was completely fine until I lost my job and had no money. When my situation improved my depression went away.
Why call yourselves ‘expats’? You are migrants.
I am 42. I find the new generation extremely judgmental and moralistic; it’s like a new moral police on the rise. We used to be much more liberal and open-minded.
Planned obsolesce is another issue altogether ...
I am not sure: hopefully not! I haven’t had any problems after Chernobyl, and - hopefully - Fukushima didn’t affect me either. I suppose I will never know for sure, and it would be very difficult to conclusively link any health problems to radiation if I get ill later on in life.
My hunch, as a Pole with a knowledge of the post-war European/Polish history, would be that he was indeed a son of gentry/minor aristocracy - maybe Austrian, maybe Polish/Prussian, impoverished and messed up by the war. There were hundreds such people hanging around after the war, traumatized in strange and unpredictable ways, often ex soldiers or camp survivors. Spy theory makes zero sense to me, rather a complex trauma that looked unusual simply because the man was uncommonly intelligent and educated.
If the cops thought she was unfit, they should have looked for the kids with twice as much energy. No matter who their mother was, they were vulnerable kids alone God knows where.
It’s like a Brexit campaign in the UK.
🐙🐙🐙
I used to lived there, plus food was rationed.
Another one was Natasha Kampush case.
It’s almost like things in life were complex ...
Sorry mate, points system.
Why assume a demon? Maybe he was a rain god? Or a witch? Why demon?
The only inbred moron here is Trump, who - in the time of peace - assassinated Iranian military official on the friendly soil. That’s the definition of terrorism.
After Trump threw Kurds under the bus I think no ally is safe. You’ve been stabbing your allies in the back for a while though, come to think of it.
Why would they hand it to anyone? They can analyse it themselves, it happened on their territory.
I thought it was after betraying the Kurds.
This sentiment is correct. The US cannot be trusted.
What exactly does she do for ‘her’ people?
He’s already a grown ass man. Seriously.
So why assume anyone should be sad? Some people could be happy in such circumstances.
Kate morphed into the Royal Family and no longer has any personality of her own. She adjusted herself and her life to the royal life, and - in that - is a perfect grand-daughter in law. Meghan has more chutzpah and her own career and - shock horror - didn’t want to become the Royal Stepford Wife, like Kate.
Meghan’s family is far less dysfunctional than Harry’s family.
Harry’s family is much more dysfunctional than Meghan’s. The only difference is they are not rich, and she doesn’t have a peadophile uncle.
You’d prefer the grown ass guy to do everything his granny tells him to do?
Will and Kate are much worse parasites, plus they are sprouting kids one after another.
I heard faking an accident while diving in an exotic location, in some Third World country preferably, can go a long way. My old friend’s husband disappeared like that while cave diving abroad - he had a lot of debt, they never found the body, and his country declared him officially dead after three years or so.
There is no such thing as ‘real self’ - we *are* a product of our environment, society, culture etc.
Chiuge Sugihara, a Japanese diplomat to Lithuania, who used his position to stamp ‘fake’ visas to escaping Jews. He saved around 6,000 people by ‘abusing his power’, lost his job and was disgraced - he used to sell lightbulbs after he came back to Japan as he lost all of his privileges. https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2018/10/15/opinion/sugihara-moral-heroism-refugees.amp.html
Elementary particles are conscious. No need for the spirit, as matter is conscious itself. (Philip Pullman writes about this)
‘Russian planes don’t crash!’
I’ve read ‘Redditors’ and was marvelling at your visionary idea.
Lyrics bank or something?
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
I love this thread!
Better late than never.
A bunch of civilians died needlessly because two fuckheads with overgrown egos were comparing their dicks. Sickening.
That’s what happens when you provoke people unnecessarily, and the US is partially responsible.
He’s probably a scapegoat anyway.
If we all refused to go to war though nothing would happen. We really should stop following stupid orders.
I’ve read about that in Robyn Davidson’s book. She was traveling on her own across the Australian outback (with the camels), and she mentioned she let the blood flow freely, quoting Aboriginal customs.
Doesn’t matter. Polish migrants are white, and there is still discrimination.
I like Meghan, but hate both Corbyn and Johnson equally. What now? 🤷‍♀️
🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️ Right? What difference will it make, they don’t do anything anyway?
Racism in the UK is very often channeled through classism. Many people realise it’s bad form to be openly racist, so they talk about being common, ‘trailer trash’ etc.. but their intention is exactly the same.
Imagine being a grown ass man having to report to an official meeting with your gran to explain to her you want to live your own life and ask her permission. Lol. Talk about dysfunctional families ...
Same with DMZ.
https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/petra-pazsitka-german-woman-comes-back-from-the-dead-after-disappearance-31-years-ago-a6677561.html%3famp
I am a Pole living in the UK - I have a PhD from the top English university, 15 years of residency and a mortgage, and I had problems applying for settled status, and am in the middle of the kerfuffle with the Home Office. With the Brexit approaching, I was considering Canada, but it’s incredibly difficult and I would probably not be successful. So *what is this shit?* 🤷‍♀️
He was economical with the truth.
Healthcare itself is secondary here; if you have money you are more stable, safer, less stressed, more educated, and less prone to many conditions brought on by chronic stress, lack of sleep while running from one job to another, bad diet, long commutes, lack of rest, living in dangerous neighbourhoods, and other everyday struggles.
Sandwiches with cheese and jam used to be very popular in Poland. Actually, many people use cranberry sauce with cheeses and meats, although that’s less sweet.
... on the photo. In real life the resemblance may not be that high.
How can anyone say they have 100% certainty in recognizing someone from the picture?
Sadly, communist states are very much slavery oriented.
Also Philip Pullman and his trilogy ... That’s what His Dark Materials is about.
‘The last sign of life was a debit card record showing Aroha11 buying roasted chicken pieces in the local market. Aroha11 is, however, known as a life-long vegetarian, so there was a lot of speculation as to who used her card’ ... well, yep. Sudden food craving after 9 meatless years.
It was the same in communist countries in Europe with vaccines. When I was a child we were simply lined up and vaccinated, and at no point were the parents consulted/asked permission, it was the state’s call.
Anyone here familiar with His Dark Materials?
I wanted to say, it’s a pretty rational and sensible reaction.
Same in Poland.
Yeah, whatever happened to him? He used to be ok :-/
It takes ages to apply, the app is faulty and not linked to any database. It’s an absolute shitshow, took me three months to finally get it. All the additional info I had to provide they should already have.
Mine was also rejected at first, despite the fact I’ve lived in the UK for 15 years, studied here, paid taxes, got married to a Brit and had a mortgage. I got it now, after sending additional papers, but it took months.
5 of my friends applying were in an exactly same situation as me. One of them has lived in the UK for 30 years and worked throughout all that time. Same story.
Not yet
You guys have jobs?
Whatever happened to them?
Who cares what they say?
Lol anyway. CoE is a joke, they are not even properly evil like the Catholic Church.
any relationship, doesn’t even have to be abusive ... you don’t love each other anymore? Tough shit
I’ve never understood how that was a scandal in the first place.
It’s probably a mixture of both - she’s not well, AND she’s being used.
I think that inter-generational conflicts are rooted on this; every generation has their own narrative, and think their’s is the correct and true one.
I have an issue with this though, as a woman. It’s a woman who goes through all the pregnancy crap, and I don’t see why she should not be, for once, appreciated for all these difficulties, and why should a man appropriate the pregnancy as if he was actually making an equal contribution.
Impoverished aristocrat vs garish nouveau riche ...
Perfectly bland
I thought of collecting them as gifts for my EU friends, and taking them to Poland to my family as souvenirs/curiosities.
And Kate has been almost canonised!
And is Reese-Mogg more in touch with the working classes, you say? Or Johnson?
Reese-Mogg, on the other hand ...
They knew each other for three weeks, and there were two other roommates in the house. Their parents lawyered up immediately, so you didn’t hear much about them.
https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/www.newscientist.com/article/2217483-plastic-tea-bags-shed-billions-of-microplastic-particles-into-the-cup/amp/
I’ve been married for 15 years and never had sex without a condom.
Do you think Japan and Tepco are more trustworthy?
I grew up in a communist country, and you are spot on. Workers’ agency was an illusion, food was rationed, and big party officials were as corrupted as any oligarchs anywhere. I invite people who idealise this kind of system to try to live in such place ... I give them two weeks.
Me? I would run out in less than a week.
No worries, it’s impossible to get a GP appointment in my area, they call you first anyway.
Also, annoying kids repeatedly putting everyone in danger for no reason. Alien attack, Nazis, tsunami, there's always one whingey kid not listening to any instructions, moving around drawing attention etc. (I've just watched Extinction: Jesus).
Lol, sounds cringy indeed!
You should become a matchmaker.
You may like this song: https://youtu.be/0H9sajkuQXw
Altruism doesn't have to be about sacrifice, but about striving for win-win for all parties.
It's worth exploring. People have much weirder experiences.
The problem with geographical stuff is that people are not talking about geographical *locations*, but their representations on maps. And maps are not, and in most cases are not supposed to be accurate.
Sensory issues are also often ignored and chalked up to anxiety, depression, paranoia etc.
Even if he fired him now, it's too late, his reputation is ruined.
You are right, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do this, either.
In Poland British stag parties are banned from some pubs. Same in Estonia.
It’s way cooler when it’s foreign.
What evidence? This is an online chat, not a scientific journal.
If you think about other people as being the same as you, not less or more worthy - in other words, if you remove ego from the social transaction - there is nothing more noble than such an action that benefits both sides. Imagine that someone asks you to prepare two plates of food - one for you, and one for your guest/stranger, but you don't know which plate is for you, and which for them. The most sensible and ethical action is to put the same amount of food on both, otherwise you will be depriving one party. It doesn't matter if the deprived party is you - looking from outside, you will still be a person that gives someone less. And that should be our goal, to make sure everyone's needs are met. Of course, this is an ideal, but even in real world of limited resources there is nothing honourable about unnecessary sacrifices that do nothing but feed one's ego. The fact you benefit from something (for example you feel satisfaction) does not take anything out of your good deed.
Oh 😳
No! Dog is friend.
There is nothing to forgive, I dislike some people for no apparent reason.
It's not dangerous enough. Even 3 million deaths would not make a dent in overpopulation.
Right?
Sadly, no matter what the situation is, it can always get worse.
Yes, that's what I meant. I was writing quickly on the phone while watching the briefing.
Exactly!
me too ...
How come they are only finding this now?
But we don't know how prominent her coloboma would be when she's older. It could have changed shape, and became less visible etc.
Elizabeth Fritzl spent 24 horror years under the ground, raped by her father and raising children born of those rapes. Three of her children, at the moment of rescue, spent ALL OF THEIR LIVES in the basement; the oldest was 19. She was born under the ground, and she only saw an outside world at the age of 19, think about that ... And yet, they are all alive, and Elizabeth (reportedly) has a boyfriend. Humans are incredibly resilient. But from the parents perspective ...
Yes, they are extremely similar, I was also confused.
My grandfather ran away from home at the age of 12-13, at that was in the middle of the WWII in Poland.
It's also very easy to change a name. She could have even applied for NI in her middle name, or after changing name, and it would be still ok. When I came to the UK I was working for almost two years on a temporary NI (in a legal job, big corporation), and then applied for the 'permanent one', but I still haven it in my maiden name, despite being married for 12 years. It was never an issue.
I thought it was a goodbye, and thank you. Nothing sarcastic about this.
Reddit is like an Iranian moral police sometimes.
Rocky relationship with a stepmother is nothing unusual; most teenagers have rocky relationships with their parents, this is a turbulent time, and maybe she would have had an equally difficult relationship with her biological mum. She was 3 when her mother died, so she probably doesn't remember her anyway, and she was literally raised by her stepmother from very early on. Stepmothers always get crap for everything they do, but a teenager having conflicts with her parents, biological or not, is really nothing new, and maybe played a very little role in her disappearance.
You don't need any spectacular drama for a teenager to be unhappy, in conflict with her parents (biological or not), and wanting to live elsewhere.
But he's right - these things are always more personal for us if we know people involved, then if we've just read about them in the press. It's an automatically different perspective. Same if you read about, say, a terrorist attack in the city you know well.
You could sing to pass the time.
Such ambition!
Maybe he doesn't remember, or he dumped the body at sea, or even asked someone else to get rid of it.
Or if they find, say, her clothing in his van or something.
They've been actively inviting investigators and press for years, spent tons of money, and relentlessly campaigned for the case not to be shelved. It would have been scaled down/closed ages ago, if not for them lobbying everyone they could think of. I can't see guilty parents trying to attract that amount of unnecessary attention for years and years.
They strip us of our rights, exclude us, and then complain we 'don't integrate'. Fuckers.
Remember when David Cameron was the worst? Hell, I would take Theresa May over these incompetent and corrupt wankers.
Just sell that yacht, mate.
Right? If he just told himself to be healthy, he would be healthy, but what can we do if he insists on indulging in some 'schizophrenia'. So inconsiderate.
Gerry works as a university professor now, he has money.
Rest of Europe have introduced it back in March...
Not to mention, there us nothing wrong with actually seeking attention anyway. It can be a sign that a child, well, needs some attention.
It was a phase.
If someone wants to sing, there are music schools. These programes are not about singing, but about entertainment. You may want to read 'Chart Throb' by Ben Elton.
Both 5 year old and 72 year old fit the same profile of a vulnerable female, though.
Tears in my eyes, honestly.
Have you watched 'All is lost' with Robert Redford?
He should be removed from office for not fulfilling his duties. Engaging with his constituents is literally his job.
The world has always been like that, and worse. There's nothing unusual about current times.
Well, it's not easy to leave a shares life after 20 years. There are financial issues etc.
Most, not all.
It's the virtue signal of the worst kind. No matter how noble the cause, the middle of the pandemic is NOT the right time for protests.
I am white, but Eastern European, don't drag me into your colonial guilt.
That would require work and dedication. It's so much more fun to smash some windshields and get into a brawl.
I don't remember the details, but there was recently a woman found in the family's freezer. I think it was in Romania? Everyone thought she was working abroad, there were even postcards sent etc. Also https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.walesonline.co.uk/news/wales-news/woman-claims-arrested-after-finding-10691408.amp
Maybe it was the delivery guy, then. He got the pizza at the end.
How old was he?
All cops in the UK are unarmed, except an anti terrorist squad. But again, citizens don't have guns either.
Also people getting all moral police on people they don't even know. There was this case of a couple caught having sex in the office - they were visible through the window, or filmed/photographed from the outside. The story - happening in Australia - went global, someone dug up their identities and found up one of them was married or engaged, and next thing you know, they have to leave the country. Like, wtf? I mean, I would be upset if my husband was caught cheating, but it still would be an issue between us, not some moralistic pricks online, who think they are owed an apology, and have a right to barge into othet people's relationships with their self-righteous views. Like, mind your own business, folks.
That's such a neurotypical thing to say. (joking, of course. I hate this sort of exceptionalism - we are not special)
I am on a spectrum myself, but I honestly hate the word 'neurotypical'. And yes, I think it encourages the exceptionalism: oh, we are not typical, we are special! Well, we are not. Not victims either. Shit happens, and we need to cope - everyone has issues, ours are not special, or cooler.
Also feeling entitled to apologies/explanations re celebrities private life. If a footballer cheats on his wife, he should apologise to her, not his fans.
She was, overall, a very beautiful and successful woman, knew celebrities etc., and when she was found people who knew her were more shocked that she was on benefits than that she died. They all knew her as a glamorous, posh socialite. Her tv was still on when she was found, it's a sad case.
You can't apply Occam's Razor to unusual cases that haven't been solved for years, because they are the outliers left from the majority of solved cases, which had a predictable resolution.
Maura Murray maybe?
They probably didn't trust strangers.
They also fought for the case to be reopened.
I don't get why people always talk about 'change' and 'being able (or not) to change' in that context. Cheating is not something people *are*, but something they *do*, and we all make all sorts of mistakes and bad decision in life. Why should they define us?
As they say, everything is about sex except sex, which is about power.
Like phobias, maybe? People have strangest phobiad, maybe it is similar.
Good Lord.
I find it quite optimistic.
He's also linked to the murder of Peggy Knobloch, who looked very much like Maddie.
I honestly lost the plot with what's allowed and what's not.
I do that already, and I've been wearing face masks since half-March. But fuck me, these instructions are increasingly convoluted.
I never have dreamless sleeps. I am always, in some way, conscious.
It does. That's us.
Most my dreams are lucid.
Never.
Literally noticed this and wondered about it 3 hours ago.
Treated like a pervert for masturbating? That's standard Catholic upbringing.
Sounds like normal Eastern European breakfast.
I love Tomorrowland, watched it three times.
With today's technology, the data is collecting itself.
What? Mine doesn't move.
Have you seen Prince Philip recently? He looks like he died 20 years ago.
My theory is she knew she was very ill, and this trip was assisted suicide.
I don't know, are they? We have no idea what they do.
Yeah, makes no sense, especially as the older girl wasn't really a child, and could easily move out and live on her own.
I don't even own a wallet. I keep my debit card loose in my handbag/pocket.
Yes, something like that, but more with financial/political transgressions.
Nurse? What nurse? It was but a, mirage.
No. Not comfy.
We may feel wrong in our bodies and want to be someone else for many reasons that are not related to gender at all.
I wouldn't say 'question' - I would say 'transcend'.
Also, Gerry's mother (and Madeleine's grandmother) has died from coronavirus a month or so ago.
That's why we have Interpol. But you are right.
This is the funniest thing I've read this week 👋👋👋.
Aesthetics, clothes, hairstyles etc. were excellent, done with a great attention to detail.
Me.
Yeah, I'm the same. I've never had any interest in children or having children, the whole thing seems super boring and unnecessary. I am a woman in my 40s. Totally the right choice.
Most of my dreams are lucid, but I never trained for this, it's been always like this, which must be some sort of neurological thing, I suspect.
In my country there is a saying 'intelligent people are never bored', and parents use it all the time! Mine did, too.
'because we used to be intimate' would suffice
These were not hints though, this was a very clear and loud message.
When kids say to a parent 'I hope you die', they usually don't mean that literally, but it's the strongest verbal way of expressing various emotions they don't know how to deal with. You can't take this personally, but rather see what is it they are trying to communicate.
Where do you live that you are allowed to meet friends in the pizza place, and where cafés are open?
How cruel :-(
Not to mention, kids usually don't choose what they eat, but they eat whatever they are given. If there's pizza for dinner, that's what they will eat, they will hardly be able to request baked salmon with green beans.
Good for you - it's still a mess in the UK :-(
Who knows, if they were into spiritual stuff, maybe they thought of some ritual in nature or something. I don't think they intended the trip to last 3 full days, though, it's just what they said.
Wanting or getting a divorce is hardly a 'clear motive' for murder, though. Many people get divorced, but it's still pretty unusual to murder your spouse.
This is completely OT, but they have bathtubs like that in Japan. You press the button and reheat the water to any temperature you want.
I would dare a suspicion he *did* find his mother in the bath, went into shock, closed the door and went to watch the TV in a state of huge denial. There was a film like that once - the girl came back home, and saw her mother hanging; she went out to play with other kids as if nothing happened, and only years later admitted she actually went home before the body/mother was discovered.
Maybe he did. Maybe he found the body, went into shock, and left the bathroom to watch tv as if nothing happened. Happens pretty often.
He relayed what she allegedly said, maybe he thought it was super weird, we don't know.
I always say this, but Occam's Razor. You can't really use it while analysing cases that are long unsolved outliers. EDIT: Also, case being unsolved = police bungling the case/police incompetence. Some cases are simply very difficult, or impossible to solve, and not because the police/detectives made a mistake, or didn't make enough effort, but because not enough evidence was left, and no one has a magic ball.
Remember Amanda Knox? Most people have this image she and Meredith Kercher were living together, and Amanda killed her for some crazy reason. In reality, there were 2 other flatmates living with them, but they don't feature in almost any story/article, as their parents lawyered up at the very beginning, and literally removed them from the case.
That's why I said it was OT, aka fun fact unrelated to the discussion.
Catholic education.
In my school (Poland, early 80s) no one checked on us. If a kid was missing school for more than a week, then some kids would be sent to their house to make sure he/she is up to date with the material. There was no way to contact any of the parents - almost no one had the phone at home.
