Only thing inauthentic is the lighting is a little too bright.
People seem to think that if he really was as guilty as he seems the Republicans would have to do something about it. They still don't fully understand how corrupt the Republican Party is.
Oh wow, I missed that. That's comforting to know, like when Sveta found Weld.
Can't believe they cut away right before the Businessmen celebration after JMatt's TD. Glad I got to see it live at least. Still my favorite celebration.
Klaus already dead lol.
She's my lawyer? Can I pick another lawyer? Where's Jewish heaven?
Likely [Talen Energy Stadium.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talen_Energy_Stadium)
Dallas blows.
The refs won’t always be there to win games for you.
A pure healer will never have carry potential if they can’t prevent team member mistakes from being fatal. Carrying requires, you know, carrying them.
Not platinum? Fuck the refs.
Gonna remember that the next time I hear immigrants are a threat to America. Pretty sure the continent isn’t going anywhere.
Nah. Giants won the Super Bowl at 8-8. Eagles just starting slow.
Nothing but pure unbiased football analysis here.
All we got, and all we need.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6l_9reaLz0
I'm not one to say ["I told you so."](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/9k28kh/yes_the_eagles_are_better_than_the_rams/) I find it to be boorish, crass, and poor sportsmanship. Not nearly as boorish, crass, and poor as I want. So instead I will only say: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! EAGLES FUCK! RAMS SUCK! DALLAS BLOWS! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6l_9reaLz0
The Eagles beat the Rams with the worst injury report in the league while the Rams are about as healthy as it's possible for an NFL team to be at this point in the season. We did it with our backup QB even. There's absolutely no comparison between these teams, the Eagles are a thousand times better if not for the injuries. That's what this season as a whole tells you.
That and he clearly didn't have 100% of his speed back after the ACL. I expect a Wentz next year better than anything we have seen before.
Most backup QBs are good at that for some reason.
No true fan would back down on any of that. Would be totally bad karma with the football gods.
&gt; BSG - Ship jump into the atmosphere of New Caprica [Battlestar Galactica | The Adama Maneuver](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AjXgY35iZg)
He was right.
Shut your mouth.
Shut your mouth.
Shut your mouth.
Wrong.
They lost to a backup QB. But you're familiar with that.
Should be more worried about yours, eh?
&gt;No, we are not. Wrong.
Incorrect.
Did the reminder not come through?
Ayup.
Yup, lol.
$$$
Ye of little faith.
He did.
This comment aged well.
Our backup is better than Goff.
Thread wasn't about the Titans.
It was knowledge and insight.
This is true at least.
Wrong.
You lost to a backup QB.
Good luck, Brees deserves another.
Scoreboard.
Both. And the Rams are trembling now at the idea.
Good luck with Andy. I'm rooting for him. I'm sure it won't end in another heartbreaking inexplicable playoff collapse with massive time management problems.
Nah, someone else had a RemindMe and brought it back up this morning.
Thanks!
Seven of diamonds?
The Eagles D has obviously been all different kinds of flawed this year, but they have remained pretty solid in the red zone. It's not easy to get it in there, and it hasn't been easy to beat us, although a ton of teams have done it anyway.
Yup. [Some of us knew all along.](https://old.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/9k28kh/yes_the_eagles_are_better_than_the_rams/) mmmm: them salty "I'm embarrassed you were right and I was wrong" downvotes.
A comment that has aged exquisitely.
Better than the rams.
Well aged comment.
Eagles started slow and had some injury issues but they are back to form now. The scoreboard proves it. Even with a backup QB, the Rams are no match for us. With Wentz, it would have been a blowout victory.
If it makes you feel better Bucs fans, I'm still burning with rage about that NFC Championship game.
Heh, 2017 made almost all of my Eagles past angst go away. But that one and Carolina will always be with me.
hahahahahahahaha, so not salty.
Well, see you on your next one.
That press looks like it should work great. You are gonna have some good kraut. Only problem will be you will eat it so quick you may start to want a bigger press. :P
It would be very interesting to see the long term metagame impact of that. Leaves a lot of very difficult decisions for front offices about who to short on and about who to stick with long term. But it would pervert the fuck out of individual seasons right before the playoffs, so obviously no.
Crazy is a weird way to say, “right.”
Hahahaha. Foles could win 5 Super Bowls in a row and people would still be like, “Yeah but has he won six?” He’s a good QB. Get over it.
They couldn’t even beat our backup QB and we are so injured it’s like playing our practice squad. The Eagles are by far the better team from top to bottom.
Scoreboard.
I would be more right then since the Eagles were a much better squad before all the injuries, and they are still better than the Rams today.
&gt;Eli won 2 and nobody is calling him a good QB. Nobody with two brain cells to rub together would say Eli Manning was not a good QB. There is a difference between good and GOAT you are failing to appreciate.
I would rather the Patriots win the next 50 Super Bowls than another NFC East team even sniff one. Don't listen to this lovey-dovey bullshit.
Your team name is racist and your owner is a disgrace to professional sports.
Chefs?
What in the fuck are you so upset about?
I'm American and never heard of it before this thread, heh. Yay life in Suburbia.
Means nothing. The Eagles had a slow start, but they just put all the proof on the field. If the Rams want to take another shot at the champs, we will see them in the playoffs if things fall right and beat them in their house yet again.
&gt;This game Foles was not good Okay, you are just trolling or didn't even watch the game. The only "at times" Foles looked awful was with a Rams squad that made everyone look awful. Every QB looks awful in some circumstances. You are cherry picking. He is consistently a respectable starter. The power of the "Foles looks bad most of the time" talking point is a triumph of the strength of narrative and group think over observable reality staring you right in the face. Nick Foles is a good NFL quarterback.
You are downvoted to hell but I agree. I have no idea what my athletic potential would be because I never had the mental fortitude to commit to anything. Also I would probably lose my shit and punch a ref my first day.
Also, FedEx is a terrible stadium.
The coliseum is pretty god damn beautiful. New stadium will be better for the fans and make everybody more money but I will miss shots like this from NFL games.
Season one has so many classic episodes though. I know the Bush politics joke stuff wore thin and Roger wasn't at his full potential yet, but I can't imagine skipping season 1 in a rewatch. [Stan Knows Best](http://americandad.wikia.com/wiki/Stan_Knows_Best), [Roger Codger](http://theamericandad.wikia.com/wiki/Roger_Codger), [Deacon Stan, Jesus Man](http://americandad.wikia.com/wiki/Deacon_Stan,_Jesus_Man), [Star Trek](http://americandad.wikia.com/wiki/Star_Trek), [Rough Trade](http://americandad.wikia.com/wiki/Rough_Trade), [Finances With Wolves](http://americandad.wikia.com/wiki/Finances_With_Wolves), [Tears of a Clooney](http://americandad.wikia.com/wiki/Tears_of_a_Clooney)...how could you skip these? MOST of what made the show great was there after the pilot. And I've never seen someone discount season 2. By "Camp Refugee" the show is pretty solidly already firing on all cylinders as far as I'm concerned.
[Daddy's Gone.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wltTIJiIBiw)
It's kayfabe dude, they don't actually hate the players personally. You are being ridiculously oversensitive.
Like I care? They laughed when I said the Eagles would win this game too. A lot of fans here don't understand the sport nearly as well as they think they do and let a few flashy early season games completely take over their reality. You are gonna be on the other side of the groupthink sometimes and it pays off in situations like this where you get to see furiously embarrassed people try and make excuses for how hilariously wrong they were.
Think it's always kind of been there. You could convince yourself for a little while Bradford would be an improvement but that feeling did not last past seeing him play.
&gt;Sam is clearly a better QB than Nick Get out.
[FAMILY!](https://i.imgur.com/3kmS5Mx.gifv)
Not a problem, Dallas sucks.
Need two teams in Philly really, a Wentz squad and a Foles squad. Could bring back the Yellowjackets name and those powder blue and yellow jerseys.
We will build a playoff run and make the Cowboys pay for it.
&gt; And all that racist name shit is so annoying. Please don't encourage and support racism. It will give Eagles fans a bad name.
And the (historically racist even beyond the name) Washington team was also the last to integrate in the entire NFL. So horribly racist that even contemporary commentators were outraged. &gt;For 18 minutes the R------- were enjoying equal rights with the Cleveland Browns yesterday, in the sense that there was no score in the contest. Then it suddenly became unequal in favor of the Browns, who brought along Jim Brown, their rugged colored fullback from Syracuse. &gt;From 25 yards out, Brown was served the ball by Milt Plum on a pitch-out and he integrated the R-------' goal line with more than deliberate speed, perhaps exceeding the famous Supreme Court decree. Brown fled the 25 yards like a man in an uncommon hurry and the R-------' goal line, at least, became interracial. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/sports/longterm/general/povich/launch/integration.htm
Yes it is. It's pretty much the dictionary definition of racism. &gt;"R-------" is slang term for Native Americans in the United States and First Nations in Canada. The term "r------" underwent pejoration through the 19th to early 20th centuries[1] and in contemporary dictionaries of American English it is labeled "usually offensive",[2] "disparaging",[3][4] "insulting",[5] or "taboo".[6]
It means watching the show after the scheduled live broadcast is over.
Video anyone?
It didn't help that Foles played like shit because the Rams at the time made every QB look bad. If he had been in a good situation he would have lit it up and the folly of the trade would have been more immediately obvious.
&gt;Foles just wins, Its inexplainable It's easy to explain. He is a good QB.
No more dogs. We're armed robbers now. We're gonna go into any stadium in this league, kick some ass, and take what we want.
Or more Trey Burton TD passes.
&gt;I love Foles but he's so inconsistent. How so? He sucked with the Rams who made everybody look like they sucked. I've never been nervous about a game Foles started for the Eagles.
Thanks Saints!
I mean I'll change my name to Nick if he does it again this year. I've never liked "George" anyway. [And I mean it. ](https://old.reddit.com/r/eagles/comments/a6woz4/eagles_fans_made_promises_on_social_media_before/ebymhsz/)
But my middle name is Norris and that rules. Think I'll go with "Nick Norris." Or "Nick Richard Norris."
Saying he's good ain't saying he's the GOAT. But the facts are, head to head, Nick Foles kicked Tom Brady's ass and caught a pass when Tom Brady instead pissed his pants and choked when he tried to catch one. Fuck Tom Brady, he's no Nick Foles.
LIONS!
Yeah, Dallas sucks.
Hole in one.
I'm probably the biggest AD fan in the world but I'm hoping The Orville surpasses it. Seth deserves to have a show that is about more than comedy become a true hit. He has more to offer than just the absurdity of American Dad or lowbrow genius of Family Guy. The man is a smart and insightful artist.
Greg without Terry and the show will never be quite the same again. Really wish he could have stayed for voice work at least. They are my favorite couple in TV history.
&gt; Well I’m about 10 seasons behind. [My reaction when I hear an American Dad fan is somehow ten seasons behind.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_vK_H-Cg5w) [Your reaction once you start binging.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgqLpMy6pj8)
Thanks. I've booed injuries I thought were fake before (It was routine for teams to fake an injury to switch out defensive personnel when the Eagles got in the red zone under Chip Kelly) but I wouldn't boo that one. There is enough contact it would be plausible he was really in pain to me. But if I had to bet money, yeah I'd call it a dive.
Moss as bartender.
Homer tackling the loafer at work.
Only a racist would own a team with a racist name.
It’s understatement, frankly.
Yes, the reason is Wentz is significantly better. But Foles should be a starter in this league.
Attendees of the Oakland game last year laugh at your 45 degrees.
I think ownership has to be the most likely issue with teams that have such improbably long droughts of success. I'm really happy Jeff Lurie owns the Eagles. He has never hired a total disaster of a coach. Reid and Pederson I don't need to say anything on them. Rhodes and Kelly both started very strong and made the playoffs before falling off but left behind squads that with better coaching could make things work. There was never the sort of total debacle that made everything really have to be rebuilt from square one. The continuity matters. But like I said, also hiring the right coaches. People complain that the Browns were too quick to move on many times and needed to commit to someone like Hue, but Hue sucked. He sucked as a HC from day one. The problem here is very likely the people making the hiring decisions, not being unwilling to commit to those decisions once they prove disastrous. Lions and Browns, 0-16 seasons are completely ludicrous. Things need to be seriously wrong with an organization for that to even be a possibly. If these were publicly traded companies the CEO would have been out the door along with the coach.
Haha, I sold my tickets for that game for a lot of money earlier in the year. Suckers!
&gt;Vick was a generational player but still never should have been signed. But understandable to take a chance. Really disagree on Vick. The prison time was a serious punishment already. You do that time you deserve another shot at life. One of the issues that generated outrage with Rice is the perception that he basically got away with it when it comes to the legal system. The NFL, in the end, punished him more harshly than the court did.
&gt;He very much is, but a traditional actor...he is not. Heh, I think even he knows he isn't the first guy you would cast for a role like this otherwise, but this show is his dream and he wants to be that guy. I'm hoping doing the drama elements of the show over the years helps him develop some more chops.
All well deserved. Congrats guys!
They are never gonna stop talking shit on Bright, are they? I loved it.
As a big fantasy fan, I'd love to see something original (That is above the Hercules/Xena tier) go direct to the screen especially from someone with Spielberg's pedigree. Adapting books is fun and all, but I'd like to actually be surprised when I watch some day. ;)
&gt;It only gets worse from there. Is it any wonder Chevalier, Valkyrie, and Legend are avoiding the city? Imagine the damage they could do if they've been brainwashed, and it goes off while they are in the city. Wow, fantastic point. I've been assuming there was a threat to them in the city, but they could actually be scared of the threat THEY pose to the city.
Victoria did a really great job there. She knew he was competent but out of his depth and didn't challenge his authority. She let him choose who should be in charge and he made the right choice, and when she needed him he had her back. Breakthrough could use someone like him and some more non-parahuman minions full time, honestly. Stuff like monitoring Kenzie's surveillance reports could be done by a non-parahuman since Breakthrough isn't bringing any thinkers on it anyway. They need to save their energy. (Or what do you call good guy minions? Helpers?)
Don't forget to bring a trowel!
I feel you, it was a serious offense. Offenses, more correctly. I'm actually a vegetarian because of Mike Vick. Felt terrible about rooting for someone who abused animals that much and I wanted to balance out the karma. Turned out it worked for me and I stuck with it. But people need second chances here on Earth to make our society fair and just in my opinion. If he burns in hell, he burns in hell. That's not for me to decide.
Never go against a Simurgh when death is on the line.
Sorry I came on too hard there, no reason to delete. I'm just frustrated cause mass res Mercy was basically the perfect video game to me. I would have played that Mercy every day until they unplugged all the servers if it stuck around. I don't want classic WoW, I want classic Overwatch. If I had never had that original Mercy experience I would probably be a lot more enthusiastic about the current design, but I just can't get over what I'm missing.
&gt;Parking around is usually expensive I’ve heard $80 for close in reserved lots (buy ahead), $40 for official lots, $30 for some private lots further out. Not sure on what the Uber prices are but getting to the Broad Street Line is almost certainly the better choice than taking an Uber all the way there. &gt;What time should I get to the stadium to ensure I’ll see team/player intros? I'm with the other guy, start heading in about an hour before. Assume up to 30 minutes in line for security. Team/player intros are worth seeing, the Rocky montage intro with the stadium going wild before a big game is exhilarating. &gt;What is security like? http://www.lincolnfinancialfield.com/safety/ Expect these rules to be enforced.
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
[So what you're saying is...I'm indestructible.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aI0euMFAWF8)
It's like, I don't trust the offense to score if they get in the red zone against our D. But, I don't trust our D would not give up a TD before they even get in the red zone. Our O isn't better than our D, but our receivers are better than our corners.
Which is terrifying considering how much laced food is playing a role in the story.
One year anniversary of the stink bomb heard round the world just came and went.
Would watch.
Do they not have any troops on board so their mechanics can focus on their actual jobs?
Which is funny because even if you just go by who has the prettiest pictures the OT still wins. Would anybody seriously trade anything in TLJ for Luke and the Tatooine sunsets?
It's pretty annoying because it's plainly so vapid and surface level compared to the analysis you get on STC or even from serious TLJ defenders elsewhere on Reddit. You can make a much better case for TLJ then this dufus did, even if I would still disagree. This isn't professional level film criticism. They act like they give a fuck but they write like they just want to troll for clicks. It's a scummy job for not great people to spend your life provoking people into negative emotion for shitty little ad impressions.
And of course the review feature was removed from Netflix soon after.
That's honestly surprising to me, I didn't realize any state was even close to that milestone.
They never stopped trying to interfere since the cold war began. It was our domestic problems and poor choice of Democratic nominee that made us so vulnerable to what really was an amateur hour operation when you look at it.
but he give candy!
Love the idea of taking something from the Indian menu. The spicy paneer burger was more what I wanted but vegan is better. Hope this goes nationwide. When it’s something that comes off as “exotic” and different rather than just a fake beef burger it gives omnivores more reason to try it.
I'd find a hoagie or cheesesteak spot and eat in the parking lot or bring it into the game. Saves you money. If you intend to bring it in, when you order it tell them to wrap it in clear plastic instead of paper. Outside food in clear plastic is allowed through security. Hoagies are obviously better for this than steaks.
I remember the Eagles with a winning record when he was in.
&gt;Editor’s note: This story was corrected to say military personnel shot tear gas at refugees approaching the border and not mustard gas. ROFL. Why are people this ill informed published?
Yes, turns out he wasn't allowed to leave the resistance either so he was an abducted slave soldier yet again.
Yeah, she's dressed the way she was in ANH because she was a diplomat on a diplomatic mission, well she was playing that role anyway. When she was in a military role, she wore military clothes.
Yeah, Hux over the top ranting at the FO rally was literally just playing Hitler at a Nazi rally. Heavy handed imagery but it works for the Empire/FO imo. That's how Hitler spoke at those, it wasn't funny, it was terrifying because he was actually convincing the people he spoke to to reach those levels of violent rage and launch a genocide. This also happens in the movie. Where exactly is the funny?
&gt;The fact that they've allowed the fanbase to be painted as such does not bode well for the franchise, as a toxic fanbase is as good of a reason as any to not get into something. Yup, and that reputation never, ever goes away once it's common wisdom. Eagles fans still hear about snowballs being thrown at Santa in 1968.
Yup. The best kids entertainment appeals to adults as well. Star Wars should be expected to be at that level considering the franchise's pedigree and the amount of money spent on production.
Doesn't everyone in Philly have a Foles shrine? [Here's mine.](https://imgur.com/a/cDAw1LY)
This is the kind of thing that drives me nuts. Defenders so often need to say things that are just factually not in line with the truth. It's not like we are just talking a matter of taste here.
I don't really understand the complaint there. The large roster with specialist roles nature of the game is one of the key things that makes it so unique and interesting to me. Once you dial down on the brutal gladiatorial violence aspect as the sport is rightly doing, the human chess strategy should take on a bigger role.
Already have practice squad for that though.
And dignity.
Almost did the same in the second half against the Eagles too.
Catholics will let you in if you are a good person. The depiction of the rapture the way they did it was really more of an Evangelical thing, but since God seems cool with Stan in the end when they meet and Jesus seeks out his help I'm assuming he is Catholic God. https://www.catholic.org/news/hf/faith/story.php?id=51077 https://www.franciscanmedia.org/ask-a-franciscan-only-christians-in-heaven/
Haha, love that scene but surprised anyone got it based on your vague description. The way Stan gushes over missing Roger's shenanigans when he gives in is just adorable. "This! Him! The non-existent letters! There's nothing written on this! That's all off the top of his head! I missed this silly son of a bitch!" The way Stan just knows him so well he doesn't have to look first to know it's blank...
Not a book and sci-fi instead of fantasy but I've always felt like Stargate: Atlantis was an underrated show. Also, includes Jason Momoa in one of his breakout roles. Funny how life works out.
doh!
Mayyyybe had McCain won. She was not a total disaster as Governor for the most part, much less than Trump would have been in the role. But all the hate and mockery during and after the campaign (mostly deserved, some well over the line like all the conspiracy theories on her kids or policing how much she spent on clothes) really drove her to be the same sort of vicious asshole who only cares about angering the other side and throwing meat to the base that Trump is. The worship from the hardcore tea party types also gave her the same sort of bubble as Trump has to retreat to and she lost herself in it.
r/WeWantWetNaps
Imagine if the first few Star Trek movies had killed off the entire original cast despite some of them being really into continuing and the audience still wanting them. The franchise would not have lived to TNG. They couldn't even leave Spock dead. Obviously we don't want the OT cast to dominate the entire trilogy because they have aged out of being fit for that, but one last hurrah in a dynamite movie like Wrath of Khan while introducing the new characters and passing the torch without disgracing the originals would have put Star Wars on a much better path going forward. (Also, just like Spock, it's FINE to bring back Luke.)
1. The Wire 2. Game of Thrones 3. The Sopranos 4. Rome 5. Carnivàle I want to fit in Oz too but it's hard because Rome and Carnivàle are so great despite being cut short. Deadwood for some reason I felt more bitterness about it being cut short so I don't include it but it's at that same tier of quality level. GoT transcends fantasy genre, it's just good storytelling. That's why it's so popular. Most people aren't exactly fantasy fiends but this show is a global megahit. But hey, I haven't given The Leftovers a chance yet either so who am I to talk?
Yeah. It careens wildly between too melodramatic and too silly without ever hitting the "je ne sais quoi" sweet spot of the OT that flirted regularly with both of those descriptions without going too far.
Fun thing about Catholicism is it doesn’t matter. What the Pope says goes. It’s better than being beholden to old doctrine because old doctrine often simply is not compatible with the modern world.
There is some free parking in the area yeah. Just get there early though.
Don’t disagree. But the thing is politics exist even in authoritarian states just like capitalism exists even under communism. It’s a natural state for humans. You can only pull a conservative 2000 year institution forward so quickly. But if “my institution organizes mass child rape” isn’t enough to get you moving than your institution is kinda worth crap in the end.
Character building is a great point. The humor of ANH is all about defining and clashing the personalities of the main characters. It's not just one liners.
Yeah, part of why I hate Valk is the movement is less fun. It's more powerful movement, but an ult should be fun too.
&gt;I'd like to see Rez go back to being an Ult (with 3 seperate charges, like the 1st ver. of Valk), but I don't want Blizzard to do anything, because I don't think they'll actually do something good. It's sad. I used to blindly buy any game they released because they really could do no wrong and now I look at every single thing they do with suspicion.
I think that means the way you can jump forward after GA is complete.
I just leave voice. I'm too easy to tilt otherwise and frankly there are almost never good callouts going on with teams like that anyway.
I was three when New Coke was first introduced. I had no concept of the marketing campaign or history. I preferred Classic for my entire childhood. Reading about the controversy years later, I had no idea in hell how taste testers preferred the new version. Thanks for explaining. &gt;(actually today’s Diet Coke is derived from NC’s formula). And losing market share to Classic inspired Zero.
Same. And I never even saw Jumanji 1. (Kind of hate Williams.)
One down. Washington team sucks.
Personally I would rather be the darling of a mob of sewer mutants.
See I don't know I feel like the writers themselves are confused on that from episode to episode. In "I Can't Stan You" when Bullock is giving out CIA shit Stan is disqualified when Bullock says God's autograph is for protestants only.
From a business perspective I would argue they should provide options because people eat in groups. Every group I eat with goes to a restaurant with vegetarian options listed on a website. I'm not going in to be surprised. 8% of people are vegetarian or vegan but more than 8% of parties going to a restaurant will have someone who wants to avoid meat among them. You aren't really worth your salt as a chef if you can't come up with one vegetarian or vegan dish that could also appeal to omnis. The inability to do so suggests a below average kitchen to me.
I would laugh in the face of any chef who said that to me and my group of people would leave. It's basically the same thing as announcing directly to customers, "I am really shit at my job." Like that's an okay answer if it's a greasy diner or gas station or something but that's about it. But heck, even the gas stations here in Philly have regular menu vegetarian options. https://www.wawa.com/fresh-food/nutrition/february-2018/must-try-vegetarian-friendly-meals If a chef isn't able to do as well as a gas station, they should probably find a new line of work.
1,243,075 views in a couple days for an amateur fan fiction? Not bad for a fanbase suffering from fatigue.
&gt;what kind of dumb ass debate are you having "Is there any topic r/nfl will not argue about?"
16-0, 3rd Super Bowl Championship.
That's more r/unethicallifeprotips
&gt;A severe economic depression could be the best thing, for the environment and the health of the planet. No, this is not how recessions work. People give very less of a fuck about things like environmental regulations when they are starving, and the rich take advantage of that.
I wonder if Santa was an organ donor too.
Not OP, but I'm in a money league for $250. CJ is still somehow on a 0 roster moves abandoned team. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
It's DISNEY. They will have another movie of theirs in the theater you can buy a ticket for so they still get the money but the message will be sent.
Buy in was 50, $250 is for first. But yeah, zero roster moves abandoned. I also wanted to trade them for Golden Tate after he went to the Eagles so the abandonment prevented that disaster at least. :P Instead I traded for Marvin Jones Jr. lol
Believe me, that is no roast by NFC East standards, it's respect.
Why didn’t emissions go back up when the economy did?
For drugs, yo.
Fuck the refs and fuck the Tex. Good lord Watson is a monster. Clowney too. Bow down before Foles. League made a mistake not trading for him.
You know what would be even funnier? If the Bears kick their ass, the Eagles beat Washington team, and we laugh all the way to the playoffs together.
He strikes me more as the orthodox type, whatever religion it is. I think we just chalk this up to American Dad valuing humor over continuity.
Sign both Foles and Wentz, sign arena players for every other position.
You know what spearing is, right?
You can, apparently, tackle them by the facemask.
That the refs suck.
The Clowney call was legit and does not deserve to be mentioned alongside this abomination of a call. The non-call facemask on Foles would be a better comparison.
I want to laugh at conspiracy theorists but I don't know what I would tell them at this point. Calls are being made that suggest legally blind refs. It's not usually THIS bad.
Yeah, the fine on Malcolm Jenkins was ridiculous. What do you expect a player to say when even replay officials can't see something that is plain as day after the live refs missed it plain as day?
Foles is trustworthy enough for this to work.
I don't care if it slows the game down and I have to dull my brain with even more commercials, I want the fucking calls to be right 100% of the time or as close as technology allows. I'm sick of this shit week after week, and not just in Eagles games. I know some people view e-sports as goofy for various reasons but when I watch it's refreshing how little of this subjective bullshit we have to deal with. The better players just win or lose on their own merits that day.
Can't challenge it.
People to be investigated for ties to organized crime: 1. Every Ref. 2. Nick Mullens.
People to be investigated for ties to organized crime: 1. Every Ref. 2. Nick Mullens. Real talk, did he think it was third down? Only possible option I can see. Or he just got it into his head that it was the last play because it was 4th down so he thought he had nothing to lose?
There wasn't a timeskip because Rian Johnson changed Luke's character from the previous plan. A timeskip can't work with TFA's ending if Luke is gonna be a dick and refuse to train her. It works with him going with her and training her and the next adventure begins with her as his Padawan.
Yeah, like Jebus, Anakin's arrogant rush in despite his inexperience was the entire point. He IS stronger than Dooku but it didn't matter.
So what? We cut Luke mourning Han. The director/writer doesn't give a fuck.
A good QB who sometimes plays bad who inexplicably continues to be viewed as a bad QB who sometimes plays good.
I'm pretty sure Brienne could take her in a fight even if all she had was her non laser sword.
JJ's original ending was Luke levitating a bunch of rocks and shit when Rey shows up. It was never planned for him to be cut off from the force and would refuse to help Rey. He's wearing Jedi robes which he changes out of by the next scene in TLJ.
Yeah but race horses...we have more important priorities here.
&gt;Canto Blight has no connection to the republic. They supply arms to all sides across the galaxy, of course they have connections. Why does TLJ defense have to be so ridiculous? It's okay to concede the movie isn't perfection even if you still like it.
No clear recovery.
Yup. Clearly stepped out AND THE WHISTLE HAD BLOWN. We now are forced to consider if they are blind AND deaf.
Time is an illusion, lunchtime...err...less so.
What you need is for Seattle to lose twice. Keep your priorities straight. :P
Right in the area of the QB who is holding the ball. WHAT ARE THEY LOOKING AT?
Considering Kylo's moving scar, [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypDqH7kPQpI) is the better Men In Tights reference.
&gt;“I would be worried if everybody across the board was like ‘yeah, it was a good movie’ it’s much more exciting to me when you get a group of people who are coming up to you who are really really excited about it. Then there are other people who walk out literally saying ‘it’s the worst movie I’ve ever seen.’ Having those two extremes is the mark of the type of movie that I want to make.” -Rian Johnson, on the type of films he wants to make.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrxeRPMbj2w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrxeRPMbj2w Longer staredown: https://streamable.com/285nb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrxeRPMbj2w
Fuck Chip Kelly
You should not have disrespected with the Rocky statue.
&gt;Some ~~desperate~~ incredibly smart team is going to give him so much money But not that much because for reasons completely beyond comprehension and logic, people still insist on talking like he isn't a good QB.
2014 he was average but led the Eagles to a winning record, but frankly I blame Kelly for a lot of that average play. After that he sucked for one year with the Rams squad that at the time made every QB look like shit. Otherwise he has always looked pretty decent. He is a good qb who sometimes plays bad, not a bad QB who sometimes plays good. It's ludicrous people continue to disrespect him. He's a starter. Maybe not a long term franchise guy, but if you think your team is just a good QB away he should be first on your list to sign.
And already has a statue at the stadium.
I'm trying to search my memory, but I have no clear recovery of that happening.
&gt; lot of people call Worm "grimdark" (which I disagree with) Same. It's grim, and it's dark...but it avoids being the sort of story that uses those things purely for shock value which is the sort of cheap approach that would lead me to define something as "grimdark." Everything that happens in these stories happens for a reason and the horror and darkness is balanced with moments of happiness and joy. My favorite thing about Ward so far is Kenzie defeating Monokeros' power through pure strength of will. She applied lessons she learned from mistakes of the past, genuine friendship, therapy, and personal growth and it made her stronger and more resilient. That moment shines so bright because of the grim darkness of where she came from. When I think of "grimdark" I think of fantasy that subverts simple good vs. evil fantasy tropes by...well...basically having everybody and everything be evil and cynical and sucky. It's as trite as any formulaic example of a good vs. evil story when poorly done.
&gt;(we still know so little about broken triggers, and that's a hell of a gun to leave lying on the table) Breakthrough does seem like quite an ominous name if something "broken" is the big threat.
Weaver WAS her second chance though, right?
I think it's because people don't like cheating. That pushes people over the edge of their normal rooting taboos. I personally don't mind the Patriots that much despite that, I rooted for them against Atlanta because at the time I didn't want any no SB ring teams to win one before the Eagles. Honest truth, I was telling people not to count out Touchdown Tom at halftime.
&gt; 1994 Eagles Brought to you by the brilliant coaching mind of Richard Edward Kotite.
Should be a touchscreen there to order whatever you want and have it brought out.
Stronger in the "Wow he has eleventy billion midicholorians!" or whatever sense. He had raw power but could not match Dooku in technique, tactics, or wisdom.
I didn't know he had it in him.
Goldfish are pretty big when grown. They easily outgrow bowls if you can actually keep them alive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MF283pORG2E
Same reason I'm confused about why we need a Cassian Andor show. It's like they fucking insist we get no movies or shows about characters that we can't be dead certain will meet tragic, violent ends because we've already seen it happen.
Yup. When the TV version eventually comes out some day I'm gonna be annoyed by not having two episodes a week every week non-stop. :P Everybody but WB is a lazy bum.
Just bet everything you have every year until it happens.
That was just revenge for the original Rocky. We still have II, III, IV, Rocky Balboa, Creed, and Creed II to get through. For Rocky V the revenge is you all have to watch it.
That goalpost shift rofl.
It will still be divisive because the TLJ fans will, without any appreciation of the irony, be livid if their darling TLJ is subverted.
ROFL. Sure, thanks for the brilliant analysis, guy so ignorant of Wentz's career that you don't even actually know his injury history. It sure is such a horrible problem to have two good QBs and a Super Bowl win to show for it, I am so sad! Did you really think any of this through before you started typing?
What did America do to you to make you like Russia so much more?
&gt;But he declined to answer questions about sexual misconduct allegations aimed at Neil deGrasse Tyson, host of MacFarlane's other space project, "Cosmos," and whether that will affect the series. Why the heck would it? This should not even be in the article. It contains no news and is off topic.
We prefer pickle juice.
Gold Linings Playbook?
&gt; If you ask any of their fans which they would rather have, I'm sure almost all of them would say Eli with 2 rings. They would also tell you it was a bad idea to hold on to Eli for as long as they have just because he won two rings when it is clear he is not really that great a player. &gt;Also don't act like that somehow Foles got carried by his team to that superbowl victory or is getting carried this season. Both the defense and o-line had to step up to ridiculous, unsustainable levels to make the Super Bowl happen. The D certainly carried him through the Atlanta game.
If it was up to the Eagles, sure, but we have to rely on the Bears first.
I BELIEVE IN YOU, BEARS BACKUPS AND PRESEASON PLAY DESIGNS!
It's not actually different morally but it might be more of a PR problem. Head coach is the face of the franchise constantly in front of the media, DC is a little more anonymous to casual fans and the general public. I'd say he earned the position though. It's different when they work their way up verses a deliberate search. Vick coming in as a third stringer really helped soften the blow instead of just immediately making him the guy somewhere.
Good point.
He just wants to try and take the nestea plunge back from Agholor.
Fuck Tom Brady.
Finn/Poe was a good ship though, in my opinion. I don't really give a fuck about representation, they just had chemistry together and it would be neat to do something different with that. Obviously I was expecting that to be too risky for Disney. But I did not expect they would straight up not even let them have any meaningful scenes together when they had that chemistry. Wasted potential everywhere. Rose and Finn completely lacked chemistry.
&gt;Finn was immediately concerned with whether or not Rey had a boyfriend So what? Maybe he's bi. Good writers can believably write around obstacles if they want something to happen. It didn't have to be RJ level contrived bullshit.
Same here. Never shipped any couple before in my life. It just made sense, and I know Disney wants to virtue signal so that would be a nice chance to do it. But in the end they don't have the guts to do anything but play it safe despite all the pretension about subversion.
&gt;The Leia and Han relationship didn’t add to the overall story It added to the experience to watch them evolve from genuine hatred to playful hatred and finally to love. Plus the closest thing to a romantic rival being her brother remains hilarious. OT would lose a lot of heart without their relationship.
&gt;He may be bi, sure, but there was NO POINT AT WHICH HE SHOWED ANY INDICATION HE WAS ATTRACTED TO POE - how you do not see that is just myopic lol. He never comes out and says, "WOW YOU SO SEXY POE LET'S HAVE SEX!" but the platonic bromance between them is obvious. They have more affection for each other and have a closer relationship in TFA than Han and Leia did until the very end of ANH when Han proves he isn't a total scumbag by returning to the Death Star fight and they spend most of ESB at each other's throats anyway. A skilled writer could easily build a believable romance plot on this foundation if they wanted to.
&gt;I hated that they split the crew. That was not a smart move by the authors. In my experience reading books, it’s always a downgrade in quality whenever they split up the main group, and for the simple reason that the authors aren’t good at writing those characters standalone. It especially sucks when the authors don't ever get them back together again or take way too long to do so. At that point it feels like reading two entirely different stories in the same universe. I often don't like or care about some of the characters as much as others, so even if the author is writing them well I may end up being bored for half the plot. That said, I'm still into The Expanse books. I like everybody well enough that the split still worked for me.
&gt;What is your point? My point is that I disagree with this statement: "A romantic relationship between Finn and Poe never had any chance to develop at all."
Yup, agreed. It would be subversive in a way that would scare the Disney bean counters, so that was one subversion too far. They should worry more about bad writing than controversial writing if they want to keep this franchise healthy.
&gt;Exactly, I don’t think it’s a failure to the gay community as much to themselves and them trying to gain a “new fan base”, the POC are all jokes and in the last one all of them are shoved into one story line that goes “people of color don’t listen to their white leaders, get hundreds killed because of it.” Finn in TLJ is borderline vaudeville. If RJ got his "black guy can't figure out a tuxedo" scene in too I wouldn't bother with saying "borderline." If they wanted to write him as funny they should have cast a comedian who could give input on the writing. Chris Rock or Dave Chappelle would make a great funny ex-stormtrooper. Dave could basically just reprise his janitor role from Half Baked, because that's essentially who Finn is in TLJ.
I think that I did explain my position quite well and you have replied mostly by being a combative and insulting, and now are just repeating yourself. So, we are probably done here.
No. I said absolutely nothing even remotely like that.
Well, I can't see how my words could reasonably be interpreted that way, but you will be happy to learn that is not what I am saying so we don't need to argue about it.
&gt;Insulting? The only people who I did take shots at were Oscar Issac and Jar Jar Abrams &gt;how you do not see that is just myopic &gt;What is your point? All of your comments seem so utterly pointless.
Great quote. I'd put it on top of the OP. :P This series has left me baffled again, thanks for doing it. Even for the reviews that generally ended up positive, it's nice to see a lot of the points we make being validated when the usual response is gaslighting. I can understand liking TLJ despite the flaws, even if the movie is opposite to my tastes, but I can't understand the denial on the points you focused on. To the degree analyzing art and storytelling can be objective, the movie has some easily recognizable objective flaws.
https://old.reddit.com/r/eagles/comments/aadl59/join_our_tailgate_in_dc/
For me it's American Dad. That's my go to sleep with it on Hulu show, like everyone else apparently does with The Office on Netflix. Just exactly my sort of humor, with jokes that consistently entertain me even though I've heard them all a billion times. Roger adds a wildcard element that consistently keeps the show more varied than most sitcoms, even other animated ones. I'll admit overall Bob's Burgers is the better show, it brings more heart to the family comedy genre than anything else I've ever seen, but for pure laughs give me Roger every time.
AD kind of has that problem too. "GOOD MORNING USA!" isn't exactly the best message for sleep. But I got used to it. The only time I had a problem was when Hulu for some reason started autoplaying other shit instead. I'm sure The Handmaiden's Tale is great but being woken up in the middle of the night by loud screams from women in labor has left me with an initial negative opinion, haha.
I am forever going to look crazy for saying Wallace was a good signing, but he would have been I think. Shit, I even got him late round in fantasy and thought I had a steal.
You are downvoted to hell but I mostly agree. Subjective refereeing is an open door to corruption too.
Drives me nuts when it's described as purely bloodsport or just for "dumb jocks". It's human chess where 53 players have to be ready to be in the right places at the right time because being an inch off means defeat.
Nothing pisses me off more than no replay shown on what looks like a controversial call real time. Instead announcers droning on about irrelevant stats and pointing the camera at the owners box or something. I wish I could watch the NFL with any commentating crew I choose live because I'm sure there are plenty of people out there who could beat the network crews in popularity just by actually focusing on the game. MNF focuses on trying to have personalities when the biggest hit at commentating lately is Romo for actually knowing what the fuck is going on with NFL offenses and defenses.
Big enough to beat the Rams anyway. GO NINERS!
I only have that feeling on the walt whit after Eagles losses.
Cool, thanks for posting about it. I shied away when it was on the air cause I kind of felt burned by Ally McBeal and Boston Public despite a lot of great things about those shows. And I'm a big Shatner fan too. The streaming era is great with the ability to dive on in on these older shows. I never watched ER back in the day and then doing a marathon on Hulu this year changed my world. Additional question, should I watch The Practice first?
&gt;Outside of high school and maybe early college, this isnt a thing. I'd say that depends a lot on the sort of people you hang around. Homophobia is real, trust me, especially in more conservative parts of the world. &gt;There is literally no indication of this between Poe and Finn. They're bros at best. Yes, allow me to repeat: I'm not saying it HAS TO for Poe and Finn, but I do think it could have been a worthwhile addition to the story if a skilled writer went that way. &gt;See, the problem is it wouldnt add a damn thing, because the ST doesnt have a single good writer in it. Sure, but half the content of this sub is saying what changes could have been made to make the ST better. All of that discussion is similarly useless because RJ was always going to be the writer. It's kind of makes little sense to bother pointing it out in this case.
The two parties in America would never go for that reform. It would force them to break up into smaller parties.
Same. There is no point in watching TFA again. It would be like re-reading the first third of a book if you hated the rest of it. I'm only seeing the next one because of sunk cost, might as well see how it ends since I invested (wasted) so much time already.
It never worked for me because the guards were never established as badasses on screen. They were like statues come to life. They are guards but they didn't do anything until the boss was already dead? What is going on here? Who cares? They might as well have been stormtrooper cannon fodder for all the impact the scene has emotionally or on the plot.
I wanna be a bomber pilot! By the 40th hour of gameplay I might actually arrive at my first target! Oops, TIE crashed into one of my wingmen the whole squad is dead and I need to start over. Why did I buy this game again?
"You want god mode" is such a friggin pile of bullshit anyway, nobody is actually asking for that. Most wanted to see him in Obi-Wan's role, and guess what? Obi-Wan dies too. He just doesn't have his entire legacy shat on first.
As a Pennsylvania resident...fuck those people. They should be in jail. Just car after car slamming their breaks, all day and night long. &gt;In the United States, the state with the highest number of deer-vehicle collisions is Pennsylvania, with an estimated 115,000 collisions in 2013 causing $400 million in damage.[8] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deer%E2%80%93vehicle_collisions
Loving it. This is shaping up to be a great TV year for me. 31 episodes of American Dad and The Orville with extended runtime, I am in TV heaven.
It's a double edged sword, because the football lead in really does incredible things for the ratings. With a show like this that can have wide appeal if it gets eyeballs on it, that is great longterm for the show because a lot of those people will stick around. Besides, football is almost done. This isn't like a Futurama situation where the entire season will be fucked with. The Orville is in this slot because Fox has faith in it and wants it to reach new heights of success. If the Eagles manage not to make the playoffs new Orville is going to be great therapy for me to forget my troubles. :)
Correct answer.
Foles making his incentives while [Brady isn't making his?](https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2018/12/29/tom-brady-set-to-earn-none-of-his-incentives/) Is there anything BDN can't beat TB12 at?
Sonny had a championship. It wasn't a Super Bowl of course but he beat the guy they named the SB trophy after so that should probably count for something. Lombardi's only playoff loss.
Yup. If Rivers is in so should McNabb.
["Don't be afraid to fail."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUvaSDT6YEk) "If you got something in you that say we ain't winning this game, you need to get that out you right now." [-Brian Dawkins](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qe5B8W8ZyR4) Washington team is going down and so are the pathetic Vikings. LET'S GET THIS PARTY STARTED!
Snow Bowl in Philly. Went on the subway and it was clear out without a major snowstorm predicted. Came out of the subway to [this.](https://imgur.com/a/7wd32) It was like a subway ride to another world it was so unexpected. Only got tickets off the last minute sales they offer for season ticket waitlist people for leftover tickets that were sent to the opposing team and not claimed. If I had known what the weather was going to be, I never would have bought them. Now I have season tickets in the one of the few areas of the stadium that is under cover and am happy as a clam with it, lol. But that game was special, I'm so happy fate put me there with my Dad who is almost entirely the only reason I am an Eagles fanatic for one of the signature BDN and Shady McCoy games.
Depressing and infuriating to read in context of what we know of the Disney process. But, this is the sort of salt mining we need to hopefully get to a better place in the future. Respect to you and everyone else here who ventures deep into the salt mine for original content. Some people say this sub is a place for hate, but posts like this are to me obvious reactions of someone who was once in love and wishes they still could be.
Tailgate: https://old.reddit.com/r/eagles/comments/aadl59/join_our_tailgate_in_dc/ Tickets: https://www1.ticketmaster.com/washington-redskins-vs-philadelphia-eagles/event/1500546FDD4556A3 Go and BE LOUD for the Eagles D. This is not the Washington team's house, not if fans like you have anything to say about it.
They may not be further right, but they are DUMBER right. There is no other way to explain Palin and Trump being their heroes. Just a reaction to being revealed as colossal obvious morons for electing W. isn't enough to explain it.
That's idiotic. If you are a partisan politician, don't piss off your party.
&gt;Her time could be better spent learning from how to be an effective congressman from party leaders rather than seeking out ways to get media attention. lessons from the incompetent dipshit who just got voted out in a blue wave year? Look, I love what ACO has done so far. But, I'm not one to anoint her as a saint yet. There have been some mistakes born of a naive level of experience. But the solution to that problem isn't imitating people who have made tremendously worse mistakes even after decades long political careers that should have taught them better. That just doesn't make any sense.
KICK SOME ASS BEARS! FUCK THE VIKES! [win, WIN!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABg0c_E7OOI)
That's FedEx, haha, you can't get tickets that cheap at good stadiums for non-racist champion tier teams.
I haven't followed the Browns closely enough to have an educated opinion so obviously feel free to discount me on that basis, but this feels a little iffy from the outside looking in. I can see not anointing the guy, but not even considering him a top prospect? That seems a bridge too far to me for someone who has managed a reclamation job on a franchise that has spent a very long time resistant to improvement. He deserves to be in the frontrunner conversation for the job, imo.
Lol
Well then fuck it Saints suck we'll kick their ass.
Can't fade me, r/nfl. Now you're in a fight to the death with Big Dick Nick and I don't like your chances. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6l_9reaLz0
You beat us the second time because of refs. Dallas is a complete fraud of a playoff team.
The vikings and salt?
&gt;super bowl riot gives you a free pass, you’ll understand one day. Wide left on that prediction.
They suck ass. Terrible, disgraceful team.
I honestly have never had less hate leading up to a playoff game. I've been rooting for the Bears all year because I ended up with a ton of Bears players in fantasy and now they just made it possible for us to even get in the playoffs. My hate for pathetic teams like the Cowboys or Vikings is based on genuine enmity, I just don't have any for the Bears right now.
Trash talk from basement dwelling teams, priceless.
We don't want a bandwagon. We all we got and all we need.
I bet Toby is a Dallas fan.
Thanks.
Damn straight.
I think it's annoying that your clownball organizations gift playoff berths to the Patriots every year. Cut it out.
Some portion of the visiting fans engaged in disreputable behavior towards the Rocky statue. I don't want to do a fanbase attack because that is lame, it was just a minority of people doing so, but it did anger many in the city.
It's gonna be a good game I think. The Eagles have an impressive and experienced O-line so their battle with the Bears up front is going to decide things. I trust Foles to protect the ball for the most part, but if too much pressure happens turnovers will too against an incredible turnover producing defense, and the Eagles won't be able to recover from that.
Yes, Dallas sucks and Russell Wilson is a magic man. Unfortunate, because we want revenge on Dallas personally.
I think it was 40% this week. Seemed more likely than that to me. The Bears are just better than the Vikings and the Eagles are just better than Washington after the injuries depleted them.
It's a possible scenario. The argument against it I can give is the Eagles o-line is outstanding and experienced. They do belong on the same field with these opponents and it's going to be a battle. If they can't protect Foles, it will be turnover city and the Eagles go down. If they can, the Eagles will score points and we'll have a game. The thing is, every time they have been asked to step up for Foles they have done so. I can't rule out that they do it again.
Yes. Wentz is the QB here for the next ten years regardless of what goes down with Foles. You have to think long term at that position.
It was actually Connor Barwin in an AMA. https://www.crossingbroad.com/2014/05/apparently-nick-foles-has-the-biggest-dck-on-the-eagles.html
Honestly a lot of times people who post that kind of (pre) breaking sports news are karma farmers. If the account gets too much negative attention it's useless to sell to the spammers. I don't think it was likely to be an actual Vikings fan.
It's been bad luck with injuries. He was playing at an MVP level last year before injuries and played at a high level this year as well. He seems to me to be a smart and mature guy who understands the situation. He has the team and fans still in his corner and he's a competitor. It's motivation for him, not just frustration.
I never lost either. This isn’t even the biggest long shot playoff appearance I’ve ever seen. The Eagles were BARELY losing games besides the Saints. It was clear all the way through they can play with the best if they get their shit together.
Yeah, Doug almost certainly told him just to throw it away unless it was wide open, not fair to hold it against him. He did what he was told.
Haha, Agholor just loves them. Can't help himself.
That interview was great. Agholor was just happy as hell for Nate.
Yeah, in hindsight the trade probably wasn't a great move, but as a player he's doing everything he can. I don't regret having him on the field for us even if I do regret missing the draft pick.
He missed it by like 1%. Bruised ribs looks like.
No, sorry for being unclear, agreeing and emphasizing.
Some clown named Evan Silva.
Haha, I'm with the 87% on the poll there, kick it right at him. Clown behavior from a clown organization.
Let him get thrown out of the game for assaulting our kicker if he wants.
&gt;Yeah and what do the redskins have to lose? I would say pride but that organization doesn't have any. And I don't mind losing Jake, Grugier-Hill can do kickoffs and we can just go for two/go on fourth if we want anyway.
Okay dude, why are you taking this so seriously, rofl? I'm drunk and having fun. Even in the world of serious though nobody is going to assault a kicker before a game to the extent that they can't play, they would be criminally charged, forget being thrown out of the game. Peace!
Insane rookie season. Absolutely insane.
See, u/koopey? How can you not get a kick out of this shit? Cheer the heck up! There won't be many football fandom days where shit goes as right as it does today and the salt of other teams flows so freely. We might be 0-16 next year, enjoy this shit while we have it. e: ROFL there is even more below now. How can you not enjoy this?
God's true time zone.
Chip Kelly HC, Rex OC, Hue DC, Kotite special teams.
It’s not that it’s the first, it’s that it could be the last. You gotta savor every moment.
Or the Iraq War and the bipartisan vote to authorize it.
BDNBDSM
Maybe the restaurant could avoid the problem of servers being forced to mind read people to remember children exist if they served food on items intended for serving food in the first place.
You can, however, switch for 2 of the 3 final movies apparently, while not giving anyone any indication whatsoever the original bad guy is back or needed for the story at all. Also Palpatine was barely in ESB and not in ANH.
The groundwork for this was set up in TLJ. It wasn’t explicitly a romantic relationship but it was personal for some reason instead of the relationship you would expect between a hero in a movie for kids and a villain who up to that point had been portrayed as a violent, immature madman akin to a school shooter or something. There is a reason they had him shirtless, they were creating sexual tension.
I’m gonna go out on a limb here and agree that the Sith and Empire were abusive. Like everyone else I feel bad for the regular Joe construction guys on DS2, but they knew what they were signing up for.
A friendship would also be creepy as fuck.
Other teams are already locking down hires and bringing in coordinators and Dallas is sitting on their ass playing nice nice with a tired failure. Hilarious.
Cowboys - Jason Garret
Joe Lieberman is with us on everything but the war.
Progressives don’t believe their victory is inevitable, they feel it’s necessary. They are going to keep fighting even if the wise elders of the party that lost an election to Donald Trump assure them they have a better way. They have to because they feel like we are pretty much doomed if they don’t.
It’s not that political pragmatism is bad, it’s that scoldings about pragmatism ring hollow when given in clown makeup and full clown regalia by the party that lost an election to Donald Trump. Moderate has to vote to confirm rapist because moderate lost to generally loathed rich rapist. You know what the problem here is? Progressives.
No. I said the same thing in 2016 and will in 2020 too if you nominate Biden. I’m in the swing state of PA and registered independent. That is your real world now. How do you gain my vote for Biden?
Ahh, moderate pragmatism. Cold, unbiased, logical political calculation that somehow always reveals moderates are absolutely blameless for their many failures. We had to vote for the Iraq War! It was so pragmatic! That meany Bush tricked us it’s not our fault! We’re wise and pragmatic still not like those loser protestors who opposed the war!
The problem you’re facing isn’t that I’m inpatient for change, it’s that climate change does not care about your timetable. So what now?
Many people can’t do sports because of their physical limitations and if you want you can do many games walking on a treadmill. The endorphins for exercise don’t care that it’s a game or sport. They work just as well if you walk alone down the street. The competition and test of skill is the attractive part.
Well I didn’t like the books and never played the games but I guess I’ll still give the show a chance. Might translate better.
If you are a Sorkin junkie yes, otherwise it’s not really that interesting. Some redditors are in love with it because the opinions expressed agree with theirs, but the show failed to find a large audience over the years it aired for a reason. It’s just not that good or saying anything nearly as original or deep as it thinks it does. The West Wing was similarly shallow at times, but the characters were much more interesting and easy to root for so that side of the show made up for it.
The peppers issue is confusing. Peppers are a perfectly acceptable optional topping. What gets people pissed off is assuming peppers are the default. It’s like if people referred to New York Style pizza as always having pepperoni. The issue isn’t that pepperoni pizza is inauthentic, it’s that it’s not the default.
Interesting times.
Hoping you are in fact joking, lol. Sacrificing your brain health is how you win the battle and lose the war.
Comparing box office money from decades ago to today definitely signals you are making a genuine argument. How did TLJ haters end up labeled the trolls when defense of TLJ as a success for Disney always relies on various hand waves and tricks like this? The bad faith provokes people to angry responses and then they use the angry responses as evidence that the haters are the trolls. It makes fandom exhausting and I’m getting to the point where I’m just done with it.
I don’t come to decades old franchises for radical differences. I come for the decades of investment
Revenge of the Sith was 15 years ago. Again, this bad faith is just illustrating my point.
You absolutely know you are making an apples to oranges comparison. Quibbling about word definitions when you know your overall point is flawed is bad faith discussion. My question is, why are you really doing this? What emotion is motivating you to post right now? What urge is satisfied when you post comments you know are misinformation likely to make people upset? If you successfully convince people you are right that box office numbers between now and 2005 and earlier are valid for apples to apples comparisons, how will your life be better?
Again, just bolding, underlining, and capitalizing everything I’ve been saying.
What emotion are you hoping to feel as a result of that post?
Enlightenment as to the human psychology that leads people towards thinking posting comments they know are misleading or false is a worthwhile use of their finite time on Earth.
Thank you. It’s a very valuable trait that takes effort to maintain. Some negative emotions can drag you down into harmful thought patterns and behavior if you don’t self examine them.
What sort of behavior makes one a salty troll? Engaging in bad faith hatred and being unwilling rationally justify it?
So you are taking pleasure in watching other people suffer because they are angry at the success of a movie. But they say that isn’t what they are angry about. You also use to establish success an apples to oranges comparison. Doesn’t it give you any pause that you can’t actually rationally defend this behavior as justified? What if it isn’t justified? Doesn’t that make you kind of a bully?
I disagree that this sub is not aware of inflation’s impact on the box office. But even if it was I’m more interested in reality than what a subreddit thinks.
Same exact movie? No. I want a series like Star Wars to proceed like chapters in a book. There needs to be some things that stay consistent. Some things need to change for the story to have conflict. Those changes are the journey that makes up a good story in my opinion. One of the problems with TLJ is changes happening off screen. Change isn’t good or bad in isolation. It’s about the quality of the execution. The details. The craftsmanship. Anyone can change something. A three year old could change Star Wars. Would it be any good? Probably not. People with actual talent for originality can build their own worlds, they don’t need to work in a world someone else made 40 years ago. Often, they simply don’t want to. Look, here is a plan. Star Wars but the Death Star is a cube like the Borg ships and Palpatine is a lady. There, it’s different. Award me with accolades for how difficult that was if it’s so hard.
&gt;”The people who disagree with me are trolls also inflation isn’t real because I don’t like it.”
Why would you care if I were to think that of you?
The prequels do seem like the same book to me. What makes that not so for you? Yes, a three year old would also screw up a remake. My point is you are implying change is good in isolation. In other words, you think the three year old’s original work would be superior to their remake because original is to some degree synonymous with good to you. My point is both movies would likely equally be a mess because the decision to be more original or less is not the determining factor for the success of the project. The competence, resources, and work ethic of the creators is. Again, you may be part of the vocal minority that hated TFA for being too much like the OT. (Masterpieces of film). But audiences loved it. R1 did great too. The downfall starts with TLJ where the formula that had been working is changed for the sake of people who are bored of what everyone else had been waiting decades for. Maybe the audience of people who don’t want more of what Star Wars has to offer aren’t the people to market to? Like if you have a contingent of people who are sick of Big Macs do you change it for them? No, because the Big Mac still has it’s fans. Don’t use a Big Mac to appeal to people sick of the Big Mac. People want to avoid working on something like Star Wars because it limits your creative freedom. You have 40 years of canon constraining you and 40 years of fan expectations building. If you don’t take note of that you end up with a mess like TLJ. A script with plot holes and nonsense like an implication you should be happy about freeing animals even if you left child slaves behind. I want attention to detail to remove dumb shit like that. I don’t care if it’s in the context of a familiar story or a radically new one.
Then why are you apologizing to me?
It’s a questionable investment of time, but human psychology does interest me.
Personally I think it’s about on par with the rest of the movie. The insanely groan inducing attempt at an animal rights message is the only thing that really annoyed me.
I’m an ethical vegetarian, lol. I hate the animal rights message because it plays into the silly stereotype that people who believe in animal rights prioritize animals over human life. I would welcome well written animal rights messages.
Which candidate is the general electorate actually behind?
So you don’t actually know the answer and it very well could be Bernie. Good to know. Look, you’re playing a meta game. You don’t think we can run left because it will lose like centrism does. Stop playing a meta game. Support the left because the left is right on policy. Centrists thought it was pragmatic policy to support the Iraq War because voters wanted war. No dem who voted for it has since been elected President. Just do the right thing and hope for the best.
You can see it pop up in the free college discussions. “But...but...but that would mean help would go to everyone instead of just the specific demographics I want to help!” It breaks their brain when Sanders supporters don’t care about that.
The loudest leftist moralists are also the biggest hypocrites. That comes with the territory.
Peter is declared officially retarded in one episode. But Family Guy canon isn’t really a concrete thing, heh.
How do you think we ended up with a reality star President? Jon Stewart was not joking when he called out "Crossfire." CNN has been shit a long time.
I know Warren is lying because she admitted it to me in a private, unrecorded conversation.
I can say she's lying. She told me she is.
Who should be blamed? Who is responsible?
So if Trump announces Warren told him she thinks black people are inferior the day before rhe last general debate...you would say nobody would be to blame for the results?
If not believing conveniently timed political hit jobs with zero evidence behind them is “buying into nonsense” to you then you aren’t thinking rationally. Warren was my #1 choice before this debate. She’s second to last above Biden now.
I watched her do her rehearsed and prepared applause line on it. Why are you denying reality? It doesn’t help Democrats or Warren to lie about what happened. Every time Democrats act like shitheads you give Trump an opportunity to score points.
What claim have I made that is false?
All Hail TBS.
“We are pushing a nearly identical candidate and the rhetoric in response a similar. This must be an evil conspiracy!”
Did Joe Biden vote in favor of the Iraq War?
Ahh yes, the experience of voting to authorize a war to find imaginary WMD, killings hundreds of thousands and helping to create the anarchy conditions exploited by ISIS. Can’t wait for more of that tier of decision making in office!
So he does well with the people who nominated Hillary and lost to Trump once already. Fantastic.
So the incidents depicted did not occur ?
I will vote for anybody but Biden from this dem field. I’m an independent voter in the swing state of PA. If defense of the Iraq War is that important for Dems they can nominate him but I think beating Trump should be the priority.
Dems nominating losers is not an inherent part of the process.
I’m not forgetting that. Please back up a sec and explain why you come to the conclusion that I did.
If they refuse our options eventually become to either die or to hijack the bus.
I wish I could give it a break, but people are trying to nominate someone who makes that impossible.
I’m not a pacifist and I don’t prioritize gun control over issues like global warming. Look, vote for who you want. If mass murdering people to find imaginary WMD is something you think is good, go ahead and vote for the people who authorized it. I’m not stopping you.
So if he thinks science matters why did he support the war on drugs going hard against pot if the science wasn’t even in yet? He locked up millions of people without science backing the necessity? He’s a fucking monster.
Or just enjoy having sweet beverages.
The only way to get things done is to elect a supermajority of Sanders supporting senators. Does that sound impossible? I kind of agree. But for that criticism to hold water I really need you to explain to me how Biden is going to negotiate for the positive change we need with the Trump Party. It seems just as impossible to me, so why not Sanders?
This is the most predictable thing of all time
It will be. Democrats do not understand that him not winning in their 2016 primary does not mean he is weak in the general. It’s a different electorate. Hillary was the #1 choice of many Democratic partisans which gave her the primary edge but was not the ideal pick for most other people.
What evidence do you have that starting the negotiation closer to what Republicans desire will be more likely to result in positive change? It seems to me like the last time Democrat’s tried that the Republican response was to elect Donald Trump. At a certain point you aren’t demonstrating civility, you are demonstrating submissiveness.
&gt;You don’t get to write the preference of most actual democrats out of history. Agreed, we should remember what a terrible choice of nominees they made in 2016. We can’t let it happen again and need to do better winning them over.
It says that it’s hard for an independent to win a party primary against a party figurehead in a race run by the party.
Take the average shitty driver. Now make them deal with complete strangers in the car while driving in heavy traffic in an unknown area while relying entirely on GPS to know where to go. Probably sleep deprived, stressed, and exhausted as well because this doesn’t pay well. Mistakes will happen.
And opposed gay marriage until it already had majority support.
If true Democrats are people who voted to authorize the Iraq War then no I’m not gonna try that.
Democrats need to stop calling them Republicans. It’s the Trump Party now.
Also normalizing them is Democrats who campaign on the importance of bipartisanship.
What they know is Democrats have a long record of not investigating them after their corrupt administrations leave office.
Great comment. 100% truth. I don’t understand how the Uber driver app can be as bad as it is. I find it actively dangerous at times, urging illegal turns frequently for example. How can the repeated infinitely voice commands issue make it into a live release of an app people are asked to work with in stressful situations? It speaks to virtually zero live testing. How can it still not be fixed? It’s baffling.
You’ll vote for him if he wins the nomination though, right?
I’m not understanding how anyone else in this field handles those challenges better. But in general I agree 2016 was a much better moment for him. I would have preferred he didn’t run this time but as an independent I would be lying if I said I don’t love to see his success.
Hillary Clinton supporters saw Sarah Palin.
An Independent loathed by party machine should be judged on electability by how they poll for the general. In the primary he’s playing an away game and his opponents are at home.
I blame the primary voters for nominating Hillary when Sanders polled better against Trump.
Like Biden, she was basking in the glow of Obama’s popularity.
If a person votes to authorize a war to find imaginary WMD, killing hundreds of thousands, on the excuse of being tricked by George W. Bush...moron seems like a word that applies.
Bernie exceeded all expectations in 2016. Nobody thought he was going to be Clinton’s top rival. Barely anybody even knew who he was. That is momentum building.
It wasn’t a two person race to start, lol. You can make a more convincing case against Bernie than this, why are you being lazy?
They remember it as a two person race because Bernie’s momentum shot him past the other contenders, rofl. You need to do better than this. Arguments as bad as you are making make it seem like there is no case against Bernie or else why would you resort to something so desperate? You are helping Bernie have a better chance to win so thanks I guess.
Clinton was more popular with Democrats because she was a democratic figurehead. Democrats need to not assume their primary electorate is the same as the general. (Or that the difference is a simple left/right issue only.)
What Republicans voted for Obamacare to make it bipartisan?
She was popular among Democratic partisans. They have much more influence in the primary than in the general for obvious reasons. I think Bernie’s appeal to left leaning independent voters is what can put him over the top in the general.
Turns out voting to authorize an invasion to find imaginary WMD, killing hundreds of thousands, is not a crime. Maybe we should revisit that.
Seems like you are just hunting around for a disagreement.
So what you are saying is Rogan is an extremely influential and persuasive endorser?
It would have been a five dollar toll, right? For a U-turn. Amazing.
I’d advise a prominent note about it regardless of the law. It’s courteous to let them know. It also encourages them not to do anything stupid. People also like to talk about them.
The bubble is much worse for Republicans trying to participate here. That’s just life on Reddit.
How does she intend to get her health care plan passed?
Just out of curiosity, how many votes do you think this public commiseration about how much you dislike voters who support your opponent has won you?
How is Warren getting the votes? Obama ran on the public option too. Didn’t happen.
What does Warren plan to give the Trump Party in exchange for helping her to pass her healthcare plan?
Then why criticize Bernie on not having a plan when nobody does?
Any Democratic nominee will have healthcare as one of the cornerstones of their campaign. That said, I would say wealth inequality is a better candidate for his real keystone issue.
So, how does Warren plan to persuade the Trump Party to support her healthcare plan?
It boils down to the same thing. We move at the pace we win seats. I think Warren’s slow roll or Bernie’s all in amount to sales tactics in the end. Nothing more. It’s campaign time. Obama had a borderline supermajority. It wasn’t enough. We need more than that. We won’t have a single republican. Centrists will betray us. This is why I feel Sanders use of revolution language is appropriate. Do people really here revolution and think “easy”? I don’t. We need an incredible amount of progress to get anywhere. On the topic of climate change at least we have to fully reject incrementalism out of hand for practical reasons. We can’t afford to wait. I don’t see a viable alternative to the political revolution plan even if it seems like a long shot to achieve it. Hail Mary pass. What else can we do?
Okay, good night. Thank you for demonstrating that your criticism of Sanders equally applies to your own candidate.
Protestors will be in town too. Get removable magnets for each side. Profile people based on name and picture and hope you put the right magnet on.
Why hasn’t your candidate already done their plan?
Doesn’t matter if, like for Obamacare, moderates force the bills to be watered down too much. It’s not a team sport where you win for having the high score number of seats. You need to actually effectively wield that power. The moderates are more concerned with keeping their seats. We need to campaign until we find the progressive messages that work, not surrender to centrist policy defeatism.
Could you guys quote the portion of the article that calls for censoring speech?
No. It’s difficult to get around the fact that nobody wants their team’s players risking injury for it and adding stakes would just make them have to go all out and take more risk.
What’s mean in the article?
The article points to a minority of Republican lawmakers showing signs of a flickering conscience and concludes this means Krugman is wrong that they are bad people. But I come to the opposite conclusion. That they go along with Trump in every single thing every single time despite having a conscience telling them it’s wrong is THE BEST EVIDENCE THEY ARE IN FACT BAD PEOPLE.
Can someone list for me the top ten non-binary candidates for Secretary of State?
We’re running in your primary because you told us not to run third party in the general. What do you want, it just to be mandatory for everyone to support you at all times?
Had a regular who ordered Italian hoagies with ketchup.
&gt; Again, it doesn't refer to all of Sanders' supporters, &gt; JFC, can you Sanders' supporters Woah ouch whiplash
Well duh. That’s why the so much of the campaign against him is about how his supporters are evil.
Could we mount cameras on them?
Because there are always 2-5 rideshare drivers in a Wawa lot.
Which is why we should elect those who showed a steady and thoughtful temperament when everyone else lost their head. That is a key leadership quality.
I support that vote.
OTOH every Trump supporter absolutely loves the Jews and has nothing bad to say about them.
The only people who don’t know it are moderate Democrats. They are so used to compromising their values they didn’t notice when their compromises became appeasement.
Meanwhile, if you call for a war you never even get asked to explain where the money comes from.
If they don’t nuke the filibuster at next opportunity I stop voting or even caring about politics. It’s not worth it if at the end of the day winning doesn’t mean we even get to try implementing our agenda. A full on minority veto is the opposite of how democracy is supposed to function.
I think if Democrats had been able to rhetorically defend what they did to their voters they would not have been swept out of office by the passage of a Obamacare. They outraged Republicans but instead of energizing their own base their decision to surrender and submit meekly made people throw up their hands and give up.
If you are running to be the most powerful person in the world you must be the best of the best. Rigorous, high standards are appropriate.
You better vote for Trump if he puts a D next to his name; don’t want to bully him.
This is a political race for the most important position in the world and you are treating it like a kindergarten class.
There were Non-conservatives there back then too.
With the filibuster you will be lucky to be able to name post offices next time around.
Okay, which portions of Trump’s agenda do you want to give them in compromise?
Yeah, a lot more, because Obama had a borderline supermajority and then a very large majority and did not get the job done because of the filibuster and because to get that high a number you needed to elect Dems that went turncoat on the issue to protect their seats. And if the Democrats won’t even support the bill why in the world would a Republican? So what do we need with the filibuster in place? 85 seats? 90? And even then centrist Dems can sink it anyway again? Why in the world would I go to that amount of effort when the last time we gave them a large majority it didn’t work? Do centrists have any plans for change that haven’t already been tried and failed?
I wouldn’t rule a Senate run out if he is having fun in politics. But my point is it’s his party now. His agenda and the Trump Party agenda are identical. Now, what portions of his agenda are worth passing in exchange for Republican votes?
Dodge.
&gt; Alternately, you break your plan into more than one step, and make sure you can pass it through budget reconciliation, while working to gain public support. I’d prefer avoiding the exact plan Obama had since it helped lead directly to the election of Donald Trump.
I don’t understand. Why would saying you want to compromise with Republicans be a bad idea before the election but a good idea after?
Well you admitted you would vote for Trump if he supported a list of positions you named. It seems to me you should do more soul searching than blaming me.
The people who are strong and smart enough to consistently hold onto good values despite misinformation and conservative media presence are the pool of people from which we should draw our leaders. We have 300 million people in this country. Find the best, don’t settle for the rest. Otherwise you end up with a party full of people voting for the Iraq War.
Okay, which portions of Trump’s agenda is Biden planning to pass?
The Trump Agenda is what the Republicans want. Which portions of it are you proposing giving to them as part of the compromise plan?
So you propose we are going to get them to compromise with us by passing the TPP and abortion restrictions?
Then which portions of the Trump Party agenda do you propose we give them as compromise?
Probably. But it’s unwise to count out Democrats willingness to commit political suicide while screaming at the top of their lungs that what they are doing makes them electable.
The issue is name recognition can buy national polling numbers.
Oh hey it’s the same thing people said to me in 2016 right up until my state went red. How about instead of trying the same loser strategy from last time you just find any democrat who didn’t speak at the RNC or vote for the Iraq War. I think that means anybody but Biden or Bloomberg from this field. If that is impossible for your party then you can see why I loathe your party.
There has to be some threshold to make the format work, none will be perfect. I prefer to err on the side of just letting more people on the stage. I’m an independent so I basically get nobody on the stage for me in the general. But earlier is better for bigger primary debates.
Nope. Not gonna vote for Biden or Bloomberg. Anybody else in this field is fine.
For a party that frequently complains that Sanders isn’t even a Democrat it’s interesting they want to expand the field to include a guy who endorsed Bush and spoke out for him at the 2004 RNC, helping publicly, directly, and intentionally to defeat Democratic candidate John Kerry.
