A lot of people in here have hated winning seasons, they're still so used to thinking only about what they are going to get in the draft. I think that's why everyone's so excited to see this change.
Cadwell's Lions only lost to the Zimmer vikings like twice in four years.
And none of those guys played after Caldwell's first season
Lol, what? You keep inventing statements to argue against
Of course I watched it. I mentioned the most convincing reason he gave during it. The problem is the belief that changing coaches is more likely to improve things than it is to make it worse.
Because Caldwell has winning seasons and playoff contention. The NFL is weird and has high volatility. Consistently putting a team in playoff contention is remarkable. Simply being in the playoffs is the first requirement to winning in the playoffs. I'd rather regularly make the playoffs than go back to winning four games a year.
&gt;horrible online capabilities All those hours I spent playing PSO were a lie! In 2001 nobody expected the operating system to manage the things that Xbox did. You played a game and the game handled your friend lists and stuff. I still consider most of the shit modern consoles are doing to be unnecessary bloat.
&gt;Dick Cheney has a lesbian daughter who was out during the campaign. ** He actively supported the legalization of gay marriage** despite Republicans being against it, and his daughter married her now-wife whom she was dating while he was in office. &gt; More like he just kept his mouth shut on the issue.
You don't see difference between your hobby and whether people are able to be full participants in society? If you're against your family members being legally allowed to marry whomever they love it's because of beliefs that suggest they're fundamentally lesser than you are. That's not a simple difference of opinion.
Do they know about duct tape?
What? How?
There's a difference between telling people "disbelieve everything" and "don't believe everything"
Brian did a good Frank Oz sounding voice
Avoiding letting McDaniels blow your team up because he really wants whoever the Patriots backup QB is to come over is a pyrrhic victory?
In the thread, Bills fans pretending they didn't knowingly acquire a guy with a problem of saying racist things
I'm not being literal here. I'm saying it's super hyperbolic. He's still been an asshole, but he's avoided any serious incidents. Even if this one pans out to be true it's not nearly as bad as the things he's infamous for. I wonder why you think it's so hard to believe that just because he hasn't had any publicized racist incidents in recent years means he gets a pass for this one.
I'm curious if you've ever played an organized team sport.
That building hasn't collapsed yet, so it's relevant.
They turn their opponents into the Detroit Lions? That's not good for the Titans opponents.
The monster manual is what you want. You can read about a monster to get inspiration for an adventure, stat block are also super hard to create from scratch. The DMG is really useful, but the mm us essential. It basically IS dungeons and dragons
&gt; l this said, I would like to see him in Detroit and help turn that franchise around What, you want us to start having losing seasons all the time again?
Just because only one guy is using this garbage statement doesn't mean the ticket is anything but garbage
This doesn't make it for her selling out with nothing in return on the tax thing.
I really like Drunks and Dragons. They're all over the place, sometimes role playing well sometimes not, sometimes too drunk to make any sense at all.
I think Marisha has spoken about this point in particular a few times.
I was thinking of Astro
Jim Caldwell did this with Detroit
&gt; And its also a world where Cure Wounds and Lesser Restoration is a thing, so that balances the scales somewhat I'd imagine. Magic isn't so prevalent for most folk
Furrey's one of my favorites
Truth isn't about your feelings.
I would love it if he got another opportunity
Yeah, it really makes no difference either way
I liked the depth of perspectives present in that season. We saw the school through the perspective of the students and the faculty, whereas the Turk/JD show was very much myopically presented through JD's delusional viewpoint. Doctor Cox in was particularly well written in the final season.
Water isn't wet.. It makes other things wet.
&gt;I dont know why people ate giving the **woman** grief who had a great plan that would have worked when the **guy** literally fucked everything up by breaking orders. Switch the roles and you tell me, would they still be attacking the male leader or the uppity woman who didn't know her place? The reason is plainly obvious
Why though? I cannot understand why she'd want to do that
I think I'm the only person who really enjoyed Fable3. I never played 2 because I've only played Fable games on PC
He tried to stop her at first when she was calling for it herself. Eventually, he understood that his pressure had been defeated and called it himself. "I don't want hate you" Points at his dick to suggest she suck it "You don't seem to hate me" Gross and wrong. I don't know how anyone is reading this like he's the good guy here.
The author at Babe wrote this in a way that did the woman no favors.
Yeah, I agree, but probably for differing reasons. She wrote it with what seemed an intent titillate with salacious detail instead of just writing the woman's story. I don't think the author cared that the audience would do the predictable thing and look at this much more common, but still troubling behavior as if Aziz is being treated unfairly.
If you want someone to use words, tell them that. This isn't a discussion about crossed arms while at dinner, though. This is a discussion about a man pressing his dick against a woman who's already said that she's not interested.
eventually, she did. Again you're putting the onus on her to avoid his advances instead of on him to stop being a creepo.
Yeah! I got super excited when I saw that
Nintendo themselves are going to post the designs for free
I thought the whole time that Ford was going to be an Eldritch Knight until he cast hex
Even if we keep Cooter we might change to an [earhardt-perkins](http://grantland.com/features/how-terminology-erhardt-perkins-system-helped-maintain-dominance-tom-brady-patriots/) play calling system.
&gt;There are firearms in most homes in the South. This probably isn't true with how low the gun ownership rate is in the United States. Few of us actually own and keep find in our houses. Those of us that do, though, own several
Could you explain why this part matters?
I'm paying the NFL directly and I doubt my numbers count because they think I'm from Europe
?
What is "half American?"
Not just girls
The Patriots don't need help, but they get it all the time anyway
Your full of shit dude. He would have outright killed Keyleth if she hadn't rolled a natural twenty underneath Whitestone. Vecna kept trying to cast feeblemind on her. There's not much point in trying to do hitpoint damage to her in a fight.
Did you see him get destroyed on that touchdown run?
The call log doesn't corroborate the timeline, though.
What did they give up? I'm not certain you know what it means to cave. They literally gave no concessions
&gt;giving in Could you please explain what you mean here? What did we lose?
If it gets shut down in the house then it's Paul Ryan's fault because there are enough votes in the house for a clean DACA if they are willing to piss the freedom caucus off
I would ask that you make a dex check for the trick and give advantage/disadvantage on the CHA intimidation on the threat that follows. The other one, you gather the information with whatever skills and again have a CHA intimidation check. The third one doesn't require animal handling at all and is just a straight up CHA
Yeah, I don't see those situations as being ones where it's a good application of the variant rule. Obviously the only thing that matters is that everyone is enjoying themselves.
&gt;They used to be elected by the House members Appointed by governors or by state Legislatures depending on how the state decided to do it
What was fresh about Bernie?
He probably considered stealing candy bars from convenience stores shopping, too
So we can have a decade like 1950s again? Id like that
The person I'm responding to says it.
In this case, the PFT article is summarising some tweets https://twitter.com/davebirkett/status/955783093880872960
Why are you adding in their parents? The proposal explicitly denies the parents of DACA recipients eligibility for sponsorship by family members
How quickly one forgets
Now I regret enjoying Chi Chi's. I didn't know! I was a kid!
It wasn't that kind of place
Just save the URL for the Wikipedia article and repost in April for free karma
I don't think this is that bad. Sometimes parties get created together. Sometimes they don't.
The fig tree makes no sense out of context. It makes perfect sense when you remember he's explaining actions with the whip and tables to them immediately after it happens.
Because their simulations are taught using elo only as well. It also has the benefit of not doing what Vegas did an overreacting to things like Wentz going out.
And? It's not like that stuff is normal in Atlanta. It was cold in Orlando the last few weeks, too
He's going to be very good at this role I think
Louis CK spelled it out himself you can read what he said.
I think that's the point of the movie
Rufus is gone and Bill and Ted are having trouble dealing with it. Rufus's daughter takes up his position
They're going to insert middle aged Alex and Keanu into scenes that were shot thirty years ago
The movie was funny. The biggest problem with it would have happened regardless of the cast, because the studio forced a stupid big CG action climax
If you don't have a link amiibo borrow one or use an NFC tag and the tagmo app on your phone.
Not just that they admired him. He was in some situations their boss and in others a person with a lot of influence in their career fields. He could hurt their careers if they refused.
100ft is only 10d6 in 5e 20d6 is the maximum fall damage
Damn I miss looking at that set. I know it sucked for them to have Matt so far away. I liked the Living room game feel of it. I hope the next set redesign goes back to making it look like someone's living room, they can keep the awesome table and microphones, though.
Joey Harrington
So long as the policy contains no implementable details and is a vague broad concept and the message is "Democrats are as bad as the Republicans" Sure.
&gt; This sort of black-or-white logic is tremendously detrimental to democracy. That's rich when said trying to defend Sanders. &gt;Please don't mistake him not being a Democrat with not liking Democrats. I wish that's what I was doing. https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2015/08/bernie-sanders-2016-democrats-121181 &gt;“You don’t change the system from within the Democratic Party. &gt;"My own feeling is that the Democratic Party is ideologically bankrupt.” &gt;"The main difference between the Democrats and the Republicans in this city,” he said in an interview in Burlington in July with a Cornell student writing a master’s thesis, “is that the Democrats are in insurance and the Republicans are in banking." &gt;"They have no ideology. Their ideology is opportunism.” He does the same bullshit Ralph Nader did where they say both parties are the same. It's a lie and when he attacks Hillary Clinton and other progressives by pretending they're the same as Republicans he hurts all of us. His main driving force in politics has been to try to do what he did in Vermont and raise his profile by diminishing Democrats and making them the third party.
Why would he use mask of many faces if he's a changing?
You did LMOP over Christmas? It's been over a year for my party lol
That the economy had the highest polling it's ever had since they started asking in 1998 is nonsense. 1998 - 1999 were probably some of the very best years this country has ever seen economically
The assumption is that the legislation was possible. The Democrats only had a short window with sixty voted and were focused on health care. Any labor law increases would have been filibustered in any period outside of a couple weeks between Franken being seated and Kennedy dying
Oh, wait it's the Wii shop channel that they're closing. My bad
Matt has tweeted stat blocks for like Kvarn and a couple other monsters in the past.
Is there a 5e water dancer? Seems to be a Pathfinder thing
On Talks she said her robes were blue for reasons
I get it, you hate Orion. Doesn't mean that Kraghammer, the underdark, Vasselheim and the appearance of No Mercy Percy aren't entertaining. How can you skip out on buttflap pajamas murder time?
Not that anyone except Laura could wear decent armor
A swashbuckler without any CHA. I'd love to watch that disaster
I doubt it. And I doubt even Lindsay Graham would support removing him over it
I love the Russians comments early in the morning
Also, legislation that he himself signed
If you want to see the video he liked, searching Ted Cruz on pornhub works
In Uneathed Arcana it's described as being the weapons [source](https://media.wizards.com/2017/dnd/downloads/20170213_Wizrd_Wrlck_UAv2_i48nf.pdf) &gt;The Hexblade You have made your pact with a powerful, sentient magic weapon carved from the stuff of the Shadowfell. The mighty sword Blackrazor is the most notable of these weapons, several of which have spread across the multiverse over the ages. The different text in Xanathar's isn't really all that different form UA either. &gt;You have made your pact with a mysterious entity from the Shadowfell - a force that manifests in sentient magic weapons carved from the stuff of shadow. The mighty sword Blackracor is the most notable of these weapons, which have been spread across the multiverse over the ages. Both of these read as having a pact with a sentient weapon to me.
It could be one of the solutions, basically anything other than answering the fourth question
They always have been, yes.
The shield is in his left hand. Guess where the control for the shield is? The jump button is also the top most face button.
This is still different from chattel slavery which was decisively ended by the thirteenth amendment
Migrant workers are little different from dreamers
Man, your character that wants to be a wizard is going to have so much fun roleplaying magic study
They're paid for their work. It's not quite slavery. I think they should be paid a lot more, though. The reason that it exists is that Americans are callous towards "Criminals" Taking up the rights of the convicted is often an easy attack ad for your opponent. "So and so wants prisoners to make more money than an EMT" or whatever.
I wish my office printer had A4!
Camelot unchained!!
It's really irritating watching Molly be a shitty bard instead of a decent swordsman.. That being said, I like Molly the character and love talliesin. I think he doesn't look like he's having fun during combat.
It kind of sounds like he was introduced to DND by something like The Adventure Zone. Griffin does cutscenes and talks about camera pans and stuff. The party needs to have a conversation with your DM outside of your sessions about this kind of thing. It's not iredeemable.
And also, why would it only affect men?
?
Cart has fewer than vehicle
You have to be able to actually do it yourself to program it to do that, though
Time to retire this one?
First time one of these made me laugh
Tanking is never a good idea, no matter how much Mike Valenti will preach that even teams still chasing a spot should tank
Ice didn't exist until 15 years ago
I'm seeing a lot of anti abortion activists and white supremacists. Significantly more than people named Muhammed
"in the America?" Who talks like this? And yes, easily. Your link shows it.
&gt;My link shows a vast majority of terrorism post-9/11 being executed by radical Islamists, with many groups even taking credit. What is your delusional self seeing? No, it doesn't show that.
I think they're only going to do hybrid kinds of books for those things from now on.
I know he brushes each part 100 times
I think I'd ignore doffing for most Shields, but require an action to don them. In reality it would depend on what the shield is like, right? Some shields are simply held, but others are strapped on.
I think it's clear that Jay was Adnans weed hookup. I think he was closer to Stephanie than to Jay. He wanted to make sure his friend's birthday wasn't forgotten
&gt;There was no signs of restraint, so yeah there was "real evidence" (even ignoring all the circumstantial evidence, jay, jenn, ect.) It happened in the afternoon. Restraint isn't required for her to have missed picking her cousin up
Or use it to ask a powerful Deity to help him remake the world?
http://www.draftsharks.com/shark-bites/12525/matt-stafford-leaves-with-knee-injury
Should Link's Awakening count? He was just dreaming that.
&gt; He is the smartest person in the group Nott's the smartest.
&gt; Laura honestly didn't have the right to get so pissed since she's the first person to ever do it on the show. &gt; &gt; Talk about the pot calling the kettle black. That's the point here. Laura got SO MUCH SHIT for stealing Gern's broom.
I really really like ~~tasty~~ tatsu
&gt; maybe rex/pyra in smash. I hadn't even imagined this! I want it now.
I meant to say X, not 2
Your distinction doesn't matter. The crimes he was convicted for could carry more than ten years. A few years at least are worthy of what he did. Also he penetrated her with his fingers, that rape whether California legally defined it as such at the time or not. Further, having worked with a defense attorney who did his job well is a mark against someone?
Cool, so there are no rapists in Michigan?
Trump's not being evil enough yet with these. If I were a evil toad abusing the President's power to pardon, I would start pardoning political opponents for things they haven't done, but that the right wing conspiracy crowd believes Pardon the Clintons for killing Vince Foster and the scores of others people who they are claimed to have murdered. Pardon Podesta et al for having a child sex ring in the basement of Comey Ping Pong. Pardon Obama for immigration violations and the terrorist attacks on 9-11
So, not Bernie? (edit: a lot of people in this thread think Ds are failing grades instead of abysmal, but passing ones...)
I don't understand what you're trying to get at. Ds are still not failing grades. Bernie Sanders got a 60+% from the NRA - a (barely) passing grade.
The issue is that Sam is a guy and the internet loves him. He's not going to get the kind of shit Laura got.
Man, my computer died last week.. now I'm behind!
The word is "evening"!? I've never been able to understand what he was saying there
&gt; Out of the book they might have a problem. It's a pretty gnarly foe, but only Mercer knows its actual stats. From the book it was very close to dead, but I'm pretty sure Matt gave it a lot more HP
Beaus a monster for not wanting to kidnap someone overnight, but we're all in support of players threatening to kill each other.. OK
Talk to him about how you're feeling.
&gt;Democratic Party doesn’t allow for its young leaders to move up like the Republican Party does. It’s a flaw in their rules and really the only thing I can think of that the republicans do right. Wut?
That's fine, but there's a reason they made the rules the way they are. You can't act like others following the rules are doing something wrong
Beau and Caleb today is excellent payoff for putting up with all the complaints about last week
It's a hexblade thing
&gt;Easy now dude, I don't disagree, don't put words into my mouth. I never suggested the civilian is always at fault, I'm just saying that improved education and a more uniform, clearly defined way for a person (and a cop) to handle themselves during traffic stops should be an "easy, non\-controversial small step that could be taken." Where is the harm in raising awareness on how to tell a cop you have a gun in the car or how a cop should handle themselves when a person tells them they have a gun? Because philando castille was murdered anyway? &gt;I'm not trying to say that's a perfect solution or only thing that needs to be done to address this issue, but I do think it better awareness of what may be perceived as aggression could minimize miscommunications that can lead to incidents in what can be high\-tensity situations. &gt; &gt;I absolutely 100&amp;#37; agree with you that there should also be reforms as it relates to repercussions for excessive force or when police are authorized to use lethal means, but that can get controversial because civilians and law enforcement can disagree as to when exactly those thresholds are met or when they feel certain types of force are necessary. I fully support having a dialogue to try and find a solution that can address that, but it's not quite as easy. Why do you have to come at me all reasonable and shit? I wanted to overreact like an jerk and now I'm all defused.
And?
Your horizontal velocity isn't slowed by going up ramps or roofs in this game
It's been a while, thanks for clarifying
They'd better not reserve it for that, the MegaMan final smash was amazing
Probably because you're really committed to melee and it's tournament rules and think they're the only way to play the game
I don't need my videogame machine to do any of those things... I have computers, mobiles and a Chromecast
Ridley!? I didn't think we could fit him in the game because he's so big!!!
How do we tell the fake Smash balls form the others?
That they've all got battlefield AND Omega is an even nicer touch
&gt;You have to admit that it's a grey area, though. It's more like a remix of all smash titles with most of the samples coming from Sm4sh. Not quite a sequel, not quite a port, but somewhere in-between. They changed some of the mechanics around, but most of the structure is from the last game. &gt; So what you're saying is that Sonic the Hedgehog 2 isn't a real sequel? Tomb Raider 2?
&gt; &gt;Nintendo just isn’t that interested in catering to ~~a majority of the competitive~~ the melee community. .. &gt; Look how big Project M got. Not because he was a good game, but because it catered to your desire for every smash game to be esoteric and difficult to play.
So... You're open to just the one thing
Boo hiss
It seems Beau has been the most interested in pressing others for information and none of the others are interested in asking her about her past.
?
Just like with other platforms it fills same platform and puts you with opponents same platform unless you're playing cross platform, in which case it'll fill your squad same platform and load you into a lobby of with teams from both platforms
I'm hoping it'll be similar on Switch
It feels like more of a Patriots move than a Lions one. They like to shop their aging stars.
It's both. It can be a standalone OR part of XC2 DLC
You're the Jenny McCarthy of computers
ROFL
I've never once had to avert my gaze while using one of these stalls in order to avoid making eye contact with someone, nor while washing my hands or something, in 30+ years of using them. I'm guessing you're the one who's never used one.
&gt; So this is acceptable when CAE says it but it wasn't OK for the ELOE said it last year? The ELOE was about eliminating everyone except ELOE, you wanted to go in together. CAE is about eliminating the ELOE.. We just want to go forward without you.
&gt;An affected target's speed is halved, it takes a -2 penalty to AC and Dexterity Saving Throws, and it can't use reactions. On its turn, it can use either an action or a bonus action, not both. Regardless of the creature's Abilities or Magic Items, **it can't make more than one melee or ranged attack during its turn.**
Which parts?
What do you mean nothing changed in shield mechanics?
Feather Leather
He's saying that the drawing aren't user generated. There's just a pre-determined set of drawings.
I think the results now have shown themselves, yes? The CAE has never been what the ELOE is.
In my opinion, Cats have to bail early. Birds are too popular compared to cats.
He was suggesting it as a way to implement the miiverse stage without the miiverse.
That you've got the Saints and Texans in your list kind of puts the lie to this doesn't it?
Are they with the ELOE this time?
If you don't have a copy of Windows, you aren't too be using Windows in your virtual machines anyway
What's that got to do with whether people need licenses to run Windows on a VM?
Read something real instead of Republican propaganda
I prefer the filler to the main story
I don't understand everyone's issue with it.
If you need help deciding you can check out the catteambrotherhood sub
It is?
I've provided enough information about fast and furious already to refute the claim that this was the purpose
Depends on your 3d implementation which gets labeled with which letter
I never played Mass Effect. I'm sorry you had an experience where you felt cheated like that.
Paul Ryan really needs to ditch the child molester Hastert rule. They're are enough votes between Democrats and sane Republicans in the house to pass a dreamer bill
Ok, but their argument is that you have to challenge the action district by district, but that's not how the maps were drawn. They were drawn with the whole state in mind.
Since WW2 is getting far enough away that in not too long Magneto will need a new trauma than the Holocaust... This is exactly like the opening scene of X-Men.
The reason the Giants went out is because too many of your people didn't get the memo and kept voting Vikings - it's not because we "betrayed you" It's because ya'll done goofed.
It's almost exactly the difference in totals..
Maybe you shouldn't have gotten cute and tried to target a non-bird. It may be too late for us to rescue you if hundreds of your coalition are still voting Vikings.
All because you had to try and flex your muscles and target a random team.. Such a shame.
Your faction's vote-power still gets reduced because fans don't want to participate as much if their team is out.
&gt;A ton of stuff that the majority of gamers don't care much about. MS and Sony showed off several AAA titles each. Nintendo had only one. That they had nothing to do with
Operation Wide Receiver was not operation fast and Furious. Why are you pretending the inspector general report doesn't say that the went to the prosecutor who told them no?
"strategy" There's no strategy. Cats just want to eat birds. The confusing thing was targeting the Vikings. It's a major cock up when you were having success targeting birds to pick the Vikings. Packers and Bears screwed evil and cats
Evil fucked themselves by caring more about getting out an Packers and Bears division rival than about surviving. Had they continued the wise path of targeting birds, this would be a different game.
Yes
Sounds good!
Aaron Rodgers has an underserved comeback guy reputation. He threw a couple Hail Marys one season and his record of always losing of his team is behind by 9 or more at the half has been forgotten.
Republicans in Congress are making their own lives miserable by having no spines
I have poppibuster I'm not playing ng+
It being it's own agency is part of why it's become much more abhorrent in the last decade and a half. You get a culture that's only about their one mission. If you believe there shouldn't be anyone enforcing immigration law that's a separate topic, I think
&gt; He doesn't yet have the greatest stats either yet. It might have been better at level 4 for him to increase his dex instead of going for the tough feat... I don't know! I think tough was the right call there because it offsets the damage he does to himself. Going forward he should be increasing his DEX, though IMO
&gt; If Cats want to survive, they should be voting Vikings. But knowing the league is after you, you may as well jump into the grave hole you dug up for yourselves. Ya'll dug it by choosing a target you didn't have the votes for.
Vikings.. I was on your side and now you're coming after me? You suck. This will be remember for next summer.
CAE is not a good boat to hitch ourselves to. We should always be in favor of taking out Birds when we are able, because with evil completely removed they dominate too strongly. I was with voting Birds alongside a weakened Evil team. I was never for an alliance with anybody. We need some strategy for next summer that isn't the same as yours which boiled down to "Do what birds say" we're cats. Fuck birds.
Yeah, that's why I voted eagles and Seahawks. Then they decided to target Vikings for no good reason.. Ugh
Finishing the birds first would have done it
You have to admire the tenacity in spite of the stupidity
I'd rather have shitty QBs than cheer for a rapist. I don't know what I'm going to do this season with Patricia
No women face the kind of bullshit you're thinking about this stuff all the time. You're not the only one, unfortunately.
&gt; It did behind closed doors, and a judge picked by both parties found him not guilty The school paid the woman $950,000. That's all that in courts that I'm aware of. We don't have secret trials in America. Are you talking about a fucking Student Conduct Hearing!? give me a break.
Maybe she can become a level1 rogue with all the stabbing lessons. She'd have more hitpoints then.
Just Vikings things
It wasn't even close. I think next year we just explicitly join with ELOE.
Ungulates are being played so hard. What's in this alliance for them?
now I have to go look at peace symbol emojis to see on which platform it would look like Cartman. I don't see any https://emojipedia.org/peace-symbol/
You weren't strong enough to get the Vikings when you went for them. Birds were still active and even eliminated bird teams participated in voting. You remove targets you can get. This year wasn't like last year where you had total control and could eliminate every team you picked. Finishing birds before moving on would have weakened the whole CAE. It wasn't yet a game about individual teams, now you've still got basically the full strength birds on top of the Vikings. The Vikings couldn't have rallied the needed support of the BirdTeams (including the eliminated Seahawks and Eagles voters) if you had finished their whole group off first. You say you were looking at the bigger picture, but you were just looking at team fan sizes. You should have been looking at how the picture was CAE vs ELOE. CAE was still too big for you to get the Vikings, then. Also, The Vikings aren't calling the shots. Everyone over there is playing the Birds teams game (see that they're targeting cats first and not Saints and Texans which was the original plan) Anyway, whatever - we're all boned now.
I thought mine would show me in GitMo, because I spoofed my location as Gitmo because my traveling friends wanted to use an app to keep track of each other while we were in unfamiliar cities. It seems Google knew I wasn't really there. https://i.imgur.com/jWlhLhK.png Are you sure your son didn't actually go to Pier 39 and Vegas?
Part of the masturbation thing was "don't tell anybody about this, I can ruin your career"
And they get to punch you hard on the shoulder
No, because you can stick your finger in the circle real quick and break it and you win instead. Loser gets punched hard in the shoulder
&gt; You can't just put words in somebody's mouth without being able to back it up. Louis CK never threatened anybody, and even in what you quoted it says the women felt like they were warned by Mr. Becky. and their careers suffered for it.
something something jackdaw
&gt;I think I would say that mage hand can shoot the gun, because there’s nothing in the rules against it.. Except for the spell description of mage hand that explicitly says you cannot make attacks with it.
They weren't born yet
This made me smile
There's nothing left of center about CNN
All dozen or so ice power villains between them?
What do you mean? Hotel Mario is a classic
Secret of Mana was being developed for it. A lot of content had to be cut because the cartridges didn't have the storage space that the CDs did
Education and training doesn't stop people from pulling out an easily accessed weapon in a heated moment and hurting themselves or someone else with it.
Take a minute and check out what really happened when he went to the ACORN offices. He gets videos and cuts them to lies that fit a narrative you like hear.
Best question!
Yeah, but the older game is a Sega Genesis game built on like the Madden 92 engine
That's way too complicated to organize You can create an alternative style survivor game yourself and see if you can manage it, though
You're just salty we voted you out
&gt;Why? I mean it makes sense for executive branch as a precaution against people with monarchist ambitions. But what justification is there for something undemocratic like term limits for senators (you are effectively telling people they can’t vote for who they want to). And arguably that they cannot vote the best person for the job
&gt;Most Republicans believe that the free market will result in innovation and increased competition, both resulting in quality and affordable healthcare. Government subsidies and regulations interfere with those things. Again, you can disagree on the implementation, heaven knows I do, but the intention is to provide quality and affordable healthcare. The other side is not full of malicious goons hellbent on destroying America, contrary to popular belief. The intention is to increase profits. The free market argument on this issue is not made in good faith.
I'd like a different way of voting that encourages more viable parties, but it's really not all that much different. The coalition building just happens at a different point in the process. We would still have a sizeable, possibly ruling coalition of racist assholes in a million multi party system, they'd just all have their own flavors (see Israel) And personally, I prefer voting for the chief executive directly instead of having Parliament choose for me.
Sanders juking all the cowboys? Billy Sims running on opponents backs
Lions better have a winning season if they fired a winning coach.
This item doesn't seem to allow the player to use it on herself
I think you mean "don't watch all the games"
I have a $20 bill (the difference between what they charge and what not insurance would pay) that my doctor's office wouldn't let me pay at the time of the visit eventually sent to collections. It's definitely on my credit report
Even if attractive nuisance isn't the right doctrine here, you can be held negligent in situations like this. They might have to demonstrate that the plaintiff definitely read and understood the sign. However the sign itself is evidence that the danger was known to the defendant. Take for example Maussner v Atlantic City Country Club - wherein trying to get players to leave the course during a thunderstorm opened the country club to liability for a lightning strike. http://cehdclass.gmu.edu/jkozlows/p%26r797.htm/
When you don't have cooperation from the victim, you can't do shit in these cases. Quit defending rape.
&gt; weren't both women also incredibly drunk? What the fuck does that matter?
Why are we talking about courts? We're talking about whether he did a thing, whether he admitted to it - not what a court would think of it.
When editing the squares are now a solid gray color instead of see through
Yeah, they might not like being copied. We're targets anyway - we're on their poll every day - Lions are winning right now.
There's an API for stats that the game uses. People have made websites that target that API to retrieve data
No. We're talking about whether a guy did a thing - in a topic about whether they would have survived public outcry today instead of a decade ago - not whether he could successfully be prosecuted for it.
Or even another month or two
Not really.
Fair point
They won't.
Overbooked and animal crossing aren't really what she's talking about
There gamer equivalent would be "well duh" look at all this sexist shit in videogames.
This show has been getting me through hard emotions for almost two years now. I really need it tonight, Burt Reynolds might really help me a lot. I just wanted to thank everyone involved in this show /u/MatthewMercer, the cast and the critter community.
They investigated some more and found the culprits, a group of four people in a boarded up butcher shop sitting on a mound of cash. They made an excellent plan to infiltrate from all entrances and Beau dropped a firework in from the chimney. They charged in to discover a family of gnome children with no parents. Their mother and father were arrested for heresy. After debating whether it was their business or not, Fjord was adamant that they reunite this family before the tax collector comes and possibly relocates the children to an orphanage. He reveals that he grew up in an orphanage and it was not a good place to be. So the party agreed to go to the prison tomorrow, defeat the rogue robot and see about getting these kids families freed.
Bitte
Also, only the tailed Draconians appear to have been allowed to live in the flying cities.
Hey man, I was wondering if maybe you could get some information about Draconia from some of the things Orion did after leaving the show.
&gt; Because you can laugh at how bad they are? Says the two time meme war losers.
They didn't win either meme war.
I don't know how many times you have to lose meme wars to understand.
&gt; Weird, not only were we voted as the winners the first time ROFL.. Your buried thread in a free talk friday that nobody saw has never been valid.
&gt; but instead of passing you give it to the fastest dude on your team for an ez 30 yards And then the game ends?
The cats being a smallish faction has always sealed our fates. We cannot survive a game with any big faction still intact.
Fine, I'll accept that.
I'd put Stafford Night train Bobby layne and Sanders On mine
The fucking English invented the word soccer for it
He wanted to get rid of the fairy tail creatures because he considered then imperfections. He wanted to role a perfect kingdom.
I think you need to take him at his word and not invent altruistic motives when we see him explicitly state them.
Zero something something possible Set coordinates Is what I hear
Ninja started shooting people AFTER they killed Tim.
How is it not cool? Others had already knocked Tim. Was here just supposed to let himself get killed, too?
You really want to try and differentiate when there's bullets flying everywhere? Why'd you write "Tim*"?
This is the shittiest take I've ever seen. The whole crowd in the mountain was already fighting each other.
What was he supposed to do? Stand there and get killed? People started shooting. They had downed Tim already.
I don't see the point of the things you're pointing out.
Why shouldn't he have killed that guy?
Thaniel is doing fine for high Brunhilde
I was not on the whisenhunt train or the fire Caldwell bus. I preferred keeping Caldwell over chasing him out for Patricia
He wasn't like that on Conan's podcast
It really doesn't
What's relevant about this?
The only qualification required of me attorney general is for the Senate to vote Yes. The same as every other cabinet level position.
I'm glad that he's going to prison, but solitary confinement is cruel. I wish there was some better way to imprison him safely.
[This was my check of CorrectHorseBatteryStaple](http://imgur.com/a/F9c1uLb)
Build diagrams sound likely the kind of thing you'd need if you wanted to repair something you own...
It's on the monster's head
Seeing that nobody mentioned demigod, but HoN is getting tons of mentions ... Which game did everyone really forget?
I think it's worth it to stick around. Especially since you've already done the first 11. (although I WATCHED the videos instead of just listening - I don't know if going audio only makes it more difficult) I think the stuff that happens in Vasselheim is really important. And the location and people in that arc make recurring appearances.
That's from backerkit. AFTER funding
That's all from after the game funded.
I was blissfully unaware that anything was wrong until after that was over, thankfully.
Cool, that's not what we're discussing now - though
﻿I like to imagine Ninja couldn't last longer than 20 seconds with Peely no matter what he did. Like she touches him down there and he just shoots his Redbull. How frustrating would that be, you're such a god damn winner at everything you do, and you have a gorgeous wife, but you can't bang her because your shooting rate is so elite that it applies to all your extremities.
That looked a lot like Demise itself to me.
Yes, that's the very specific of my general description.
[yup] (https://i.imgur.com/7QOLHpK.png)
I don't think the edge use case of transferring your Pokemon that aren't in the Galar Dex is really worth a delay to me
This is pretty common for Nintendo presentations. Nintendo doesn't produce bullshots for trailer videos
I don't count that as a person in the photo
A turbo just sends a button's signal over and over really fast as if you were pushing the button very fast
Lol. The only thing that needs justification is the level of outrage over a feature like 1% of users were going to touch
Yes, it would affect apportionment. That's the whole point
There are a lot of suggestions as top posts on this very subreddit
Yes, the phenomenon of these clones is worth having
That's exactly what's done in XY and SM and in SwShd
Lol
I think people got mad at Ninja for reporting a stream sniper and stopped watching him. Critical role is twitch's top streamer, though. https://twitchtracker.com/subscribers
What do you mean big O notation isn't a thing anymore?
This would be tracked as a bug in any software I've worked on. The cause would be tracked as an oversight in requirements or something like that.
Dean doing Detroit stuff after he left the league has been entertaining
They certainly do that on many occasions. However, the garbage FFVI ports not doing that doesn't make them anything other than ports.
Obviously, you have a system of oppression that your livelihood is dependent on.
\&gt;!spoilers go here!&lt;
There will be tons and tons of DM exposition and at points in the future there will be entire arcs that are almost exclusively Griffen telling people what's happening.
The first few episodes were great for me to listen to. The ones I struggled with the most were towards the end when they stopped playing an RPG and it becomes Griffen story hour
I cannot think of a single country with Universal healthcare that outlaws private insurance
So you believe this was done intentionally and nefariously? By whom and to what purpose?
I don't think "just world" is the reasoning behind eating delicious animals
Weird the top three candidates got the most questions. They were extra nice even allowing him at the debate.
It's not a feature of the Barbarian's rage ability ___ #Rage In battle, you fight with primal ferocity. On your turn, you can enter a rage as a bonus action. While raging, you gain the following benefits if you aren’t wearing heavy armor: You have advantage on Strength checks and Strength saving throws. When you make a melee weapon attack using Strength, you gain a bonus to the damage roll that increases as you gain levels as a barbarian, as shown in the Rage Damage column of the Barbarian table. You have resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage. If you are able to cast spells, you can’t cast them or concentrate on them while raging. Your rage lasts for 1 minute. It ends early if you are knocked unconscious or if your turn ends and you haven’t attacked a hostile creature since your last turn or taken damage since then. You can also end your rage on your turn as a bonus action. Once you have raged the number of times shown for your barbarian level in the Rages column of the Barbarian table, you must finish a long rest before you can rage again. ___ It's a feature of the Path of the Berserker ___ #Mindless Rage Beginning at 6th level, you can’t be charmed or frightened while raging. If you are charmed or frightened when you enter your rage, the effect is suspended for the duration of the rage.
The amendment required no legislation to implement. This is a further restriction on it.
How is allowing her to receive a gift that you bought for her "walking all over" you? Taking the gift for yourself was petty and intended to hurt her.
There's a difference between sitting Stafford because the season was lost an suggesting that losing all those games was intentional
Smash Bros victory animation
NTAs I am super into these new rules
The vertical component of the bullets velocity has been reduced to zero before it falls again. The horizontal has not.
&gt; Trends in the incidence and severity of mass public shootings on a per capita basis also show that the rate per 100 million is similar now to that of the 1980s and early 1990s, an expert told us. The 1980s and early 1990s were a bad time for gun violence. Now, today is, too. It's only a coincidence that things were better in that ten year period from the mid nineties to the mid-aughts.
that shouldn't be too hard to make
No you didn't. You linked a politifact article that while the headline supported your argument, the data provided inside didn't. You also linked a chart about the rate at which different kinds of guns are used in mass shootings. I'm not sure how you think that an argument against stricter enforcement. Also, please read the whole article I shared. I only quoted a small portion and you seem to be nitpicking my words instead of engaging with the science. &gt;#9. There's also a clear link between assault weapons and gun-massacre deaths. After Congress let a 1994 ban on assault weapons expire in 2004, gun massacres increased by 183 percent, and associated deaths went up 239 percent. The 1994 policy prohibited Americans from buying military-style firearms with high-capacity magazines, which enable shooters to discharge many rounds of ammunition in a short amount of time. After the assault-weapons ban went into effect, the number of deaths from gun massacres – defined as shootings in which at least six people die – decreased by 43 percent, as the researcher Louis Klarevas reported in his book "Rampage Nation". When Congress let the ban expire, the opposite trend was observed. Most gun deaths in the US are suicides and do not involve assault weapons. But most of the deadliest mass shootings in recent US history involved a military-style weapon with a high-capacity magazine.
Biden's not selecting a Republican VP. And whether he is or not really has nothing to do with your "moving the goalposts" comment.
This law was not written by McCain and Sanders https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veterans'_Access_to_Care_through_Choice,_Accountability,_and_Transparency_Act_of_2014
I opposed the merger. I oppose Trump's methods and reasoning for opposing it as well
I still tell my wife not to get Changry with me
It's not unfair. You've made changes in your life since then and your sister doesn't respect you
Why do you think Yankee candles wasn't making things like that when Mitch told this joke
There's no way this is possible
In this case it did, but I would think in most cases getting a free CC that long would benefit reksais team
Sounds like an honest mistake to me
I'm honestly baffled when I see people who want a Cybertruck
I'm not clear on what method you're suggesting. They aren't necessarily overcounting 50+. That's just the group known to participate in the caucus. This could prove to be an incorrect assumption if there's a different turnout model That being said, in 2016 Bernie overperformed in caucuses (which I find to be an anti democratic process) compared to actual primary elections - so there's reason to believe he could come out on top in Iowa.
&gt;**In the original game, bottle caps only had value because the water merchants backed it with their water reserves. Bethesda omitted this because they're literary hacks.** Bold for emphasis
&gt;Patricia did a much better job managing Stafford's injuries than Caldwell ever did. This is an insane assertion
Patricia slappies seem to have worked really hard to try and justify all these losses.
What exactly is it that your think Schumer could do?
2002 wasn't 19 years ago
Did you not see her current special?
And yet these churches are huge and all over
And?
I don't think his arm talent is any better than some other guys with awesome arms.
Yeah, Sanders and Biden both suck on race.
&gt;The White House is a defacto government building. It's not like she didn't have her own home at the time. That was her home. And no, the Supreme Court has not ever held that religious person cannot pray on government owned property.
You just argued his point for him
The likelihood that they'll show up to your small claims court isn't very high imo
It's kind of shame, but a testament to Matt's character that he too so much time to politely tell people that they don't need to be shitty. And his delivery was spot on. Saying first that he understands their grievances, and wants the same things.
&gt; I'm starting to feel like that threat is actually over and Matt is hoping they'll dedicate themselves more to diplomatic efforts in the war. But the players are definitely stuck on the Tharizdun thread too. I think the players are the driving force for him giving them a peace talks scenario
Of the four viable candidates Warren's my favorite and Biden and Bernie are like poison to me. I can tolerate mayor Pete
Oh fuck no!
My favorite season is when /r/politics turns into the Bernie sub. Wait no it's not
He's not running against Obama and Clinton this time.
You can kill anything in BOTW without any weapon at all
This is the stupidest fucking thing
NTA and it's unrelated, but keeping your tree up until Epiphany isn't lazy.
The only thing that would cause would be an immediate end to all social programs
That's so damn cool
YTA You used every mechanism you could to pressure her into having an abortion and then say it was her decision as if you actually allowed for get to have a choice. Edit: you say your looking to marry her now? Maybe show her this post first so she can see how little you value her
I feel kind of icky about my boy Kellen Moore working with my enemy MM. I always thought Moore would end up a great coach though
Some team is gonna see their offensive line look a lot better next year
No. Don't do that
Why would I want to stop Americans from voting? Just about every case of someone voting as someone else has been through the mail.
Your character looks kind of like Billy Hatcher
A really simple example, place two cards face down on a table. You already know which one is the 3 of hearts. Tell someone to point to or touch one of the three cards. If they select the card that you know is the three of hearts, yeah them to pick it up, but don't show it to you. Then tell them the card is the 3 of hearts. If they chose the other card remove that one and tell them to pick up the one that's left, not show it to you and then tell them that it's the 3 of hearts
&gt; Wheeling your mother in the moment you start nearly pushing was just wrong, and anyone would panic. She said the baby was crowning. This is definitely beyond starting to push
Just from the title of that post I can see that these are different. "Endgame" "no rng"
I think lupos skin should be Chair
Little kitty is wrong, international airports count as borders per this rule
Considering this was the same thing his campaign did in 2016 to Clinton, yes. Everyone that works there - especially longtime operatives like the Sirota - know this playbook.
He absolutely said it. He said it on the debate stage.
Where do you see the accusation that he said anything about her being a woman
If the Lions could mostly manage it, I don't see why the Patriots couldn't
This is the period for debate on McConnell's rules.
God Damn this guy is lying a whole bunch. How's that legal?
&gt; Sanders never called her that directly K. His support post-primary was too little, too late because of how poisonous he made the primary.
This is a debate over adopting the McConnel's stupid rules.
happy cake day
What Senator that voted to table here would vote to allow subpeonas for documents later?
Which Senator that voted "No" on subpoenas today would vote "Yes" after opening arguments?
They weren't false. Clinton didn't name her and called her a "Republican" asset
There's no dilemma at all. Greenwald is barely a journalist and he's a Putin stooge. The charges should still be dropped. They're an assault on a free press.
When he was very clearly pretending we don't know Russia was behind the hacking in 2016. It's more dangerous to pretend he isn't.
I see the word "cuck" I downvote
I downvoted my own comment
It's like you read to the comma and stopped reading
Or after covering up rapes at the University he ran.
It's menacing either way
Just because he's taken a bit of a face turn on this doesn't make your statement true
I have no idea. This might be acceptable behavior in Italy
Thanks for delivering Trump to us Pennsylvania berners
Romney This woman is so craven she stopped using the name Romney because it bothered Trump
Sanders shares a lot in common with Trump. The things he shares with Trump are also his best assets in a campaign
I think I know pretty well https://www.brookings.edu/blog/fixgov/2016/11/11/why-hillary-clinton-lost-pennsylvania-the-real-story/
what poison?
By debiunked, I think you mean the opposite of that.
In a shopping mall? Sometimes kids are just being assholes. Especially in places like that.
The final fantasy 13 trilogy is sort the model they're using for this
The first disc was the cat vast majority of the game
I understand what you're saying, but it's not really analogous. If I make a videogame about the section of the Odyssey with the Cyclops. I can make a full game without telling all of The Odyssey.
Man he's huge!
I don't think I could ever
That's a beautiful sculpt!
I understand where you're coming from, but the question you should ask is, "Who does this to a kid?"
Headline says flashbang when I visit
Hogan agreed, this headline is wrong. Also, Fuck Hogan.
I'm 6'3" My wife is 5'10" our daughter isn't going to be taller than 5'4"
The concept of an alpha male doesn't exist in humans. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/head-games/201412/are-alpha-males-myth-or-reality
Can you explain what harm is being done to you or anybody else?
&gt;That question is quite disgusting, sounds like you’re trying to figure out ways to hide it from your daughter. &gt; &gt;The truth shall set you free. This is bad bad bad bad bad advice. Telling her daughter she snooped only serves to alleviate OP of guilty feelings. Daughter can never know this happened
The police use floodlights to blind protestors
Hinkle's ruling is stupid, though. He's not just saying that you can't charge a poll tax. He's saying you have to have a good system in place in order to charge a poll tax.
NTA in any way. He's a huge one though.
They're confused in that moment, but it's made pretty explicit later in the series.
&gt; So like. How high did they have to roll to get that info out of him?? What's the DC on an athletics check to jump to the moon? Some things aren't possible
I don't see airpods as minimalist
Trump lied and suggested that covfefe was some secret code
The person you're arguing with is way way wrong, but getting all the updoots. I'm sad
The problem is that people don't like stupid comedies like Sandler made back then anymore. Sandler's doing the same stuff he's always done
Only optimizers. Most players find humans to just be boring
They have to put in the work. They no longer have any employees capable of actually doing it.
The Standard journo headline practice erases people of color
Maybe during Sozen's comet Ozai could keep up with endeavor, otherwise
She bends the space metal with touching out just fine
There's no chakra in our world.
In the classic games he just marches through hell and earth mowing down a non-stop hoarde of demons. [Ooh somebody mathed](https://i.redd.it/0ufgi336hrr21.jpg)
I don't think this document is really connected in any way to the Nazi ad
The dream act is the legislative version of DACA
It's the word Redskins in the app I use
I've lived a long time in Michigan and in the South. I've only seen old white ladies in the South doing this at the grocery store.
He can't control what news camera operators do
Saying that you're leaving after being fired isn't resigning or stepping down.
The excuses you all make for him just because you relate to being short fat white guys
That's the whole story. It's just a short AP wire &gt;By Associated Press June 21, 2020 at 11:01 p.m. EDT TALLADEGA, Ala. — NASCAR says a noose was found in Black driver Bubba Wallace’s garage stall at Talladega Superspeedway. &gt;Copyright 2020 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.
They don't require private property owners to allow an easement to access the public waters?
It's amazing how hard this whooshed everyone
Yeah, little known fact, coughlin installed the let the quarterback get hit real hard but survive and have a dude catch a ball against his helmet play during walkthroughs just before the game
Send him to Detroit where Matt Patricia will ask DBs to cover for seven years every down
So he got his vacation extended?
The person asking the question that you're answering here posted the question with one account, deleted it and reposted it with another.
&gt;I am new to reddit and unsure what this referring to. I have no deleted any comments so maybe this is directed at someone who is doing the asking? I was clarifying what we were discussing as confusion was expressed.
&gt;If you make it seem way too complicated, people just won't bother. That's the entire reason those arguments are being put out there
&gt;The location is easily accessible via the interstate. If you cannot reasonable walk to your polling location it's not easily accessible
YTA your daughter's college fund isn't her money that can be used for just whatever. No wonder you had a kid in high school, you still lack the ability to plan.
If Aunt had taken this to small claims, she wouldn't have gotten $15k
She was awesome as Rita I'm really bummed that there's never going to be a sequel to the Breakfast Club power rangers
They're completely different organizations with different backgrounds and histories
You said someone posted data.
Fabio dirty as fuck, and got away with it more than he should because he played for the Packers
Wouldn't he be counted as the hero of time
yes, I know about the timeline split.
I think that's up to you and how much you care about missing stuff in between. I think the scenario they will be in in the next episode will be perfectly understandable without much knowledge of the rest of the campaign. I probably would have been fine here. Others would have had a meltdown of anxiety.
Or... Maybe this personal has a healthier relationship with pets than those who think cats are people
You don't sound like you mean No Asshole Here based on your comment
I had wondered how much of the sentiment in this thread was based in sexism. Based on this comment, it's a million percent based in sexism
&gt;I'm not gonna lie, I'd like to be a microwave on the wall Lol
Yeah the judge did some nonsense
This is the stupidest shit I've ever read
There's zero chance that it's a woman holding Twitch hostage. Although I can see why Dr disrespect fans would latch onto suck a misogynistic idea
We know down to specific bars where people are getting sick. If there was a rash of protestors getting sick we know about it
You're using the fact that the noble savage archetype is a racist misrepresentation of what were real living peoples with complex histories as a reason to excuse the atrocities committed against us by European colonists.
Look at the angry woman's skin. Look at the skin of the kids she's harassing
Japanese cops are so much better
The likelihood of you in particular paying more than you gain from services is super low
He was given ketamine because the police asked the EMT to give him ketamine
Why do I need to know more than who got physical first? Do you think the black woman needs to be a saint to be allowed to defend herself? Even if they are both a little a shitty, it matters who starts the attack
This opinion seems to be relying on the idea of a Unitary Executive theory of the constitution. That's not really in the Constitution.
I'm assuming they're both shitty, so the edge goes to the person who waited to get hit before fighting. This applies in your little imaginary scenario as well
2018, so yep
Yeah, he's too nice. He doesn't want to fight with his boys.
If I gender swap this, it's still everyone sucks. These are three supposed adults
If you want them gone, you have to be willing to pay $90 for a game
