You're still young and life is long and there is time to kill today
Umm. What is survivorship bias?
Does anybody remember the channel Null ? Some bug caused it's subscriber count to include every subscription on YouTube total and it was way into the billions when it was fixed
WYWH also isn't in that time frame
Et TU brute?
about the cuttlefish
My man that's exactly the type of shit this subreddit is for. It was never meant to be about legitimate death threats. &gt;"oh so you don't like the Beatles? I'm so sorry, euthanasia is your only option. "
Literally any element except for Helium and Hydrogen: \*exists\* Astronomers: is this a metal?
I just realized that it looks like a fraction with dots instead of numbers
Damn I didn't like that episode. This whole sub plot with the air vent was so dumb
What a sad and cynical worldview. Openness often pays dividends in my opinion
Ok what? Source? You can't just assert that
Look the left doesn't get to "no true Scotsman" loud annoying college SJWs so you don't get to true completely disavow this taint boil
[es tu](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DcrbpfZV0AAMEwA.jpg:large)
I disagree that wasn't a bad move considering they tried to push the advent of Bluetooth headphones. Gave the industry a little push
It looks right I think
No. They should not be protected. Either they deserve more in which case nobody should have any problem (if all cards are on the table, pay will better reflect amount of work done because those who work more could see if they're being ripped off) or they don't in which case it's good that they're public knowledge. This only empowers bosses who want to exploit the fact that less information means that employees have less information and thus less bargaining power
Maybe they felt that you didn't deserve more than they did. Or maybe they were just shitty people. All things being equal it's better to have everyone know everyone's wages. For the employees at least. It's terrible for the employer because then they wouldn't be able to fuck people over.
Boi's dead btw
&gt;Found the pasty white boy. Look at yourself talk please. You're ridiculing someone who not a racist trying to find a loophole in social norms (he posts on fucking chapo, definitely not a right winger) He' trying to talk about a contentious topic which is actually really relevant. For example there was a case where a black rapper got mad at a white fan for singing along with him, I think that's just unfair to a girl who to our knowledge isn't racist at all and clearly not supporting a narrative of racial superiority
This is hilarious ironic
If they are violent sure. But violence is Nazism's goal, communism isn't inherently violent
👏R👏a👏p👏e👏 👏i👏s👏 👏b👏a👏d👏
How utterly convenient for you
Look I won't debate this point with you because it's a conversation I've had a thousand times. But we can agree on my previous point, I think, that Nazism is inherently violent while communism isn't, even if it has often been enacted and maintained through violence (then again the same goes for democracy). And on these grounds I propose that restricting Nazis speech is noble to prevent the spread of their violence while the same cannot be said of communists provided they aren't violent.
Who?
How was he effected?
you do see how these two viewpoints allign right? And how one holding the latter would never admit to that and instead argue the former. He's not pro rape he's just not anti rape 3:44 he acts as if rape was a rare crime which is contradictory to the data
That is not what a rape culture is. If you define it as a culture in favour of rape congrats, I agree but that is not what people mean. The argument is that our culture isn't very good at preventing rape. It is by far the most underreported crime and victims aren't usually encouraged to come forward. It's a culture where rape is accepted as part of deal. https://www.ncjrs.gov/pdffiles1/nij/grants/219181.pdf This paper argues 18% and it's still a source on Wikipedia. You mind showing me how the paper was debunked?
https://www.ncjrs.gov/pdffiles1/nij/grants/219181.pdf?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app 18% Literally from Wikipedia "rape in the us"
A joke. Wasn't an actual argument
&gt; But any level of intoxication would mean I can’t consent according to that study. Where do you get that from? &gt;&gt; To identify how many women in the U.S. and in college settings have ever been raped or sexually assaulted during their lifetime and within the past year. This includes the number of women who have experienced rape that involves (a) force (i.e., forcible rape); (b) drugs, alcohol, or other intoxicants deliberately given to the victim by the perpetrator (i.e., drug-facilitated rape); or (c) self-induced intoxication by the victim (i.e., incapacitated rape). It says "incapacitated". Maybe you don't hold your liquor too well but most women aren't incapacitated if they're a little buzzed
(d^-1 )/(dx^-1 ) = (x)/(dd)
Isometric pixel art wimmelbilder
I mean stand alone it means very little but combined with other information it does paint a picture of a very unpleasant self absorbed person and right wing politics fits right into that framework
Somebody put it there
Social issues maybe? Currently x axis is economy and y axis is centralisation of power. So gay rights just happen to be more left lib than Auth right not because they're inherently anti capitalist or anti government overreach but because the people holding these opinions tend to be socially progressive. Theoretically there could be pro trans rights fascists
OF
https://i.redd.it/u5tdyo6gn5031.png
Anyone non white anyways
Everyone does
He referenced the word the same way you just did, that's not racist. Racist would be using it as a synonym for a black person. Context you know
Lol what? Does this extend to preventing murder and such?
Well I bought mine back when they came out and my battery was pretty fuckin toast until I finally retired my boy
we'll just all go to PragerU to become Rocket scientists and lawyers dummy
𝒸𝓇𝒾𝑒𝓈
How is there a difference at all? Bikes are symmetric in most aspects (the stand being the only exception I can think off)
Well this one's also cut off somewhere
Not theirs, everyone's. Rich people's wealth is never proportional to their contribution to society. Even when they have created amazing things they were set up for success since their early childhood in most cases. I have rich friends and it infuriates me sometimes how easy they have it in life just because they got lucky with who their parents are. Wealth redistribution tries to right that wrong.
Doesn't matter if it's possible. Rich people are more or less guaranteed a space in university. Don't be fooled by some exceptional oppressed people overcoming the odds that capitalism is solved.
Look the existence of super easy weapons makes using alternatives less fun because worse players outshoot you. Low skill guns should give low reward high skill ones should be good in comparison. This isn't rocket science. I was so happy when they ditched the m16a3 in BF4.
I prefer pound nautical square miles per cube years
What kind of armchair advice is this shit. If someone has your head you're done and people will be able to get your head when you're wearing a big ass helmet. I'd rather fight in normal clothes than gear because three helmets Gina be your downfall
What do you like?
Those are shit
I prefer Segway
Imagine thinking fundamentalist Moslems and leftist like each other because you hate everyone who isn't WASP
It kinda looks super fake
Dann people are incel-y as balls in here
Her: come on let's just leave Him: no my ego, gotta fight Him: \*fights\* Her:\*tries to stop him\* Him:\*wins\* Her: omg please fuck me right now conflict escalation and being ignored make me so wet
The freedom of owning a motorcycle that's a car at heart
Imagine thinking trump is hot and Omar isn't. Denying beauty standards to own the libs I guess https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c1hodp/happy_fathers_day_to_these_men_and_their_loving/erda2wf/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app
Good boy You too nwordcountbot
Yeah someone good looking who's right wing like umm... Uh...
Honestly I can forgive that because he seems to actually view abortion as murder which to be clear is dumb but if you were to believe that because of religion or whatever being pro life would be the moral stance. It's one of the only issues where I can't really argue that my position is true without convincing the other that souls don't exist
x ≈ x
You're not prosperous at all, your rich are just so rich that it makes the country look really well off
That's your personal opinion and since most trains will stay their original paint job you won't mind the few that are defaced with art you human equivalence of a spreadsheet
FF &gt; any car that *doesn't* look like a shoe
So ≈ ≈ = and therefore ≈ = =
Just wait till they realise what the A in DNA stands for
This maybe makes this a joke doesn't it?
This might be humanity's greatest short coming. When confronted with a system that creates problems people are always quick to suggest solutions that completely ignore the forces that give rise to said system. Just duct tape that shit over. This is nothing but and you must excuse my language here virtue signaling. Thinking this will work is indicative of a total and utter ignorance of why people poach at all.
lol miss me with that mx+b shit its y=kx+d and anything else is blasphemy
Literal traitor but ok
&gt;It's just society. Libertarians believe prostition should be legal as long as no one is being forced into it. It's strictly capitalism, one person has the money, the other person has the service. What constitutes being forced into it? Is having no other economic options something that forces you? Can you give consent in that case?
Almost as if autism is only diagnosable after the child has reached a certain age
I loved it in fact you have negative karma in literally all but libertarian.
I miss the large scale album cover on the lock screen. Don't really need it in CC, which is more about functionality imo
It would make sense for the US to create something like this to enable the CIA for example to make illegal payments to terrorist groups abroad. Iran Contra would have never become public
What... What have they done?
but isn't reddit free to do as it pleases? like if the owners want it to be a leftist website why shouldn't they be able to ban rightwingers?
Idiotic assuming what goals? Maybe for whatever they're trying to achieve this is a perfectly reasonable course of action
look man i think he's natty too but jesus how is that an argument?
why not do that indeed? go ahead make your own reddit with blackjack hookers and incontinent frogs
do you know how difficult it is to get voting rights as an immigrant?
Well if payment processors don't want to do business with you then that's their decision. Why not just go take your business someplace else?
So what you're just gonna have the government come to Reddit and tell them what they can and can't do? Why stop there? What about your IPC? what if someone can't afford internet? surely everyone should be allowed on the new town square no matter their personal financial situation. Thanks I'd rather not have taxmoney buying people iPhones because apparently shitposting on Reddit is suddenly a constitutional right
Yes either that or me using capitalist arguments against right wingers because I like when life is ironic like that.
/u/nwordcountbot /u/darioxtc
As a Libertarian I find that offensive
Sure but apple switched to lightning when most phone were still on the much worse micro usb. It made sense not to ditch it immediately once C came along
&gt;Because T_D is the single most victimized community on this website Cry some more
Please it's always been this way. The US kills millions of people abroad and acts like it has the moral high road. Tale as old as... well the USA
[the actual article is even funnier](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-06-20/bmw-billionaire-heirs-say-their-lives-are-harder-than-you-think)
[awww shucks &lt;3](https://i.imgur.com/tzsn2kA.png)
idk they seem to aggregate some places more than others X| X| :) ---|---|---- **X**| **X**| **X** **X** | **X**| **X**
[this but unironically](https://i.imgur.com/tzsn2kA.png)
fun fact almost all important physicists of the 20th century were lib left. but I guess formulating the theory of general relativity or developing the core principles of quantum mechanics is something that is reserved for only the most emotional of all human beings
where do you think you are? /r/letsnottalkpolitics?
dems are neolibs that's unfortunately pretty center center right now
only those without opinions are truly virtuous. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^/r/dirtbagcenter
Because American Overton Window
I know buddy, I know
AOC's fursona
actual libleft reaction
&gt;most important physicists of the 20th century I don't know what in fuck's name makes you this comfortable equating these gentlemen with Einstein, Feynman, Oppenheimer or Stephen Hawking, all leftist but you do you buddy
&gt; what they think is right there's your problem bucko
Someone already said it one comment up
I like it
damn people here be sad af.
sorry they're kinda scared to come out during day hours
Obviously this guy is douche nozzeling a little bit but let's not pretend that issues of social equality are divorced from economic policy. Capitalism is very much a tool in the hands of oppressors against minorities of all kinds.
I mean they are. It's not that the word has been misused (most democrats fit it well) It's just that America has nothing left of them which is why I would put the in the center of the compass if you're just talking about America. Moving the axes shouldn't be a problem since it's all relative anyway. A political compass from the far future might put Karl Marx in Auth right just because people are gonna be so hella woke then.
How is this sub not just named r/sociology already?
/r/copaganda
/r/iamveryrandom
I do the same for small change and I'm poor as shit. You say it adds up but it really doesn't
Yeah but are they though? And even if they love some idea of this country that doesn't excuse the unethical shit they do literally all the time with every piece of legislation. Obama was civil. I don't know how commendable that is when republicans try to take advantage of that
Called it
Today I prayed on some younger kids and then I bible studied Sarah in the ass
And if they hadn't cut funding for sex ed you'd know about contraceptives
Disagree respectfully. I liked it pre OP
Jontron is a big scum
Stay away from him. He’s a bad egg
He’s got the big racism.
The new Star Wars is so bad Ben Shapiro felt the need to jump to its defense
What has he said about NBs?
I think you’ll find that the sooner you let go of the myth that we live in a meritocracy the sooner you’ll start to make sense of trump presidencies and similar events. He’s clearly a rather unintelligent man, already starting to show signs of dementia on top of that, I don’t know why you assume that only smart people can become president.
But people liking you can only be an indicator for intelligence when you do it deliberately based on your analysis of what people want. Trump is just being his self and his supporters like that. Doesn’t mean that he’s smart.
I agree they being a shitbag online kinda doesn’t warrant this response but it’s absolutely ok to wish death on some people. Like I can say with full confidence that if trump Putin Katie Hopkins or Kim Jong Un died tomorrow I would be happy and I don’t think that’s morally wrong.
But there is a reason: it makes people uncomfortable because it breaks convention in a script we’ve all internalized.
Just called volcel police
it makes less sense because it can't be consistent in buildings with below ground levels like the one in the OP. when you go from floor 2 to floor -3 you would expect to descend 5 levels, but in the american system it's only 4. if i tell you that i live in the 6th floor you know you have to climb six sets of stairs to reach me. programers start counting at zero for a reason
I mean. This is one where the world is split pretty evenly but there’s one objectively better option
&gt; disparage everyone else wait who is everyone else?
&gt;Are said and zed homonyms for you? yes. but im not often in the situation where i would confuse the letter zed with the verb said. cee and zee on the other hand are used in the same context
Interpreting criticism as insecurity must be really convenient for you
Had a bad trip. This definitely reminded me of that
The number one terrorist orchestrator? First of all he was a foreign official. When you kill terrorists nothing happens, when you kill foreign officials that’s an act of war and second of all: be honest did you even know about him last year? Because suddenly every newspaper calls him the most hitler person alive despite not writing a single article about him beforehand. Try recognizing propaganda.
Nah that bump is still shit without a case that’s thicker. It can’t lie flat on the table
Twitter is a platform for the elite like any other, and a great way for these people to get a dose of public opinion
To be fair there is a reason that English teachers need to be a little more on the prescriptivist side of things. You’re teaching people who have no idea how language works. Establishing the basic rules makes sense and later they’ll realize when they’re allowed to break them.
And Biden would be as well
Facebook memes with emoji at the bottom that your great aunt suzie always shares with you don’t count
Canola\*
But nobody is claiming they’re morally righteous. That’s a strawman. But they’re more so than the US while the general narrative is the opposite.
That was a response to the us killing 25 people at a milita base which was a response to the militia killing a us contractor. No one died or was seriously injured at the embassy
Why do lions always look stoned
This also is just an empty gesture and they would never do that. They might try to extract him via the CIA or something but anything else is just completely unrealistic
Broke: Bernie is a socialist Woke: Bernie is a democratic socialist Bespoke: Bernie is a socialist and that’s a good thing
So it’s 299,999,365 vs 635
It’s still gonna be a nice number
Slavery as punishment is still slavery
Well I don’t know about that example but an important thing to note is that consent doesn’t imply that something is ethical. If you’re starving and I sell you food for a hundred dollars that’s not ethical. If I point a gun at your head and tell you to give me all your cash that’s not ethical even though I’m both situations you agreed to the trade.
That’s slavery. How they got into the position is irrelevant and the 13th amendment even recognizes it as slavery.
I think we’re agreeing here
You’re talking about [chattel slavery](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery#Chattel_slavery) there are multiple forms such as indentured servitude or forced labour. [The US outlawed slavery except as a punishment for a crime.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thirteenth_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution)
I also love how whoever made this put a pressure gauge on a drive shaft and as far as I can tell the math on the right is all bs as well
It is forced labour. &gt; Penal labor in the United States aims to mitigate recidivism risks by providing training and work experience to inmates,[2] while also supplying a labor pool which can benefit the states and their local economies.[3] Some penal labor is voluntary, **while some is involuntary, with noncompliance punished by means including solitary confinement.**[4] [source](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penal_labor_in_the_United_States) Your shoplifting analogy isn’t entirely applicable. A more apt comparison would be that according to my logic ANY and all work is slavery if it is required to be done for the procurement of food. And I would kinda agree. Food is a human right and people should get it for free imo. &gt; Or maybe you think any kind of imprisonment is slavery and we shouldn't punish anybody? Nah that’s dumb. Imprisonment is obviously necessary, but only for separating the offender from society for safety reasons. Not as revenge porn.
This guy looks like Ben Shapiro if Ben Shapiro wasn’t a twink
Left right refers to economic model. Hillary is a neoliberal capitalist and therefore she’s right wing
I’ve seen this maybe ten times this past week.
ive seen it already, i quite liked it
Honestly what a dumb fuck this guy was. Description isn’t the same as definition. How did people who were so obsessed with "the essence of things” fuck this up?
Look I get how you can disagree with him politically. A lot of people do. But how can you despise him???
If you ride at 20 you’re gonna be better at 33 tho
&gt;far right lol. But seriously. What is this genius fellation. Smart people don’t necessarily make good leaders. Intelligence is orthogonal to morals. A president should be smart and benevolent. Only one doesn’t suffice, no matter how good they are on that axis
I fully agree but maybe don’t call it the “Israel question” lol
Twerp
Elephant caught violating the NAP. Gon send my local policecorp™ after him and see his ass in McCourt®
In the northwest family the difference isn’t that important
preston northwest was on the flight logs
Sure but it does kinda imply the absence of causation. Specifically that guns prevent rape.
Exactly. We could have northeast at the top if we wanted
Actually a democracy is best if the vote represents the people, not those most able to go to the polls. This means it’s actually better for the democracy if over represented demographics start at home.
That’s kinda cringe tbh
I’m very pro antifa but you’re kinda being dishonest here. Antifa is definitely a movement and one can be against fascism without wanting to associate with antifa. The only reason you would want to though is because you drank too much neoliberal cool aid
it was kind of a joke. north south is also how the earth's rotational axis is placed
&gt; Antifa is still not a movement. &gt;It is not a heterogenic movement. 🤔 &gt;And now people like you who never even went to protest fascism repeat exactly the same propaganda the nazis came up with. lol I've been to protests my man idk why you think antifa isn't a movement or why you think being a movement is a bad thing in the first place. what exactly do you think a movement is? none of what you said had anything to do with this argument, you don't need to left-splain to me.
that's just regular uno cards
What you’re describing isn’t minimalism just absolute bonkers fucking fucking reductionism. This set has all you need for UNO. There’s a colour and a number on the card. The font is tasteful and the colour is good too. Original uno is imo super ugly. It’s completely over designed and has a very outdated 2000s look. Product of its time I guess. Evolve or die mfer.
it's very good
https://www.cato.org/blog/misleading-veritas-accusation-google-bias-could-result-bad-law https://www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/a-woman-approached-the-post-with-dramatic--and-false--tale-about-roy-moore-sje-appears-to-be-part-of-undercover-sting-operation/2017/11/27/0c2e335a-cfb6-11e7-9d3a-bcbe2af58c3a_story.html they've been caught lying multiple times
provided they are denounced by the movement sure. at that point they aren't really a member anyways
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRightCantMeme/comments/cxywbw/im_starting_to_think_that_the_right_doesnt/eyp1qps/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf Right then, let's work down that list. 1. ⁠Thanks! I too wish I could have so little care about a subject that while I will happily call people insane over their opinion on it, but still think people are wasting their time when they attempt to to argue against your own position. That's truly the viewpoint of a reasonable person and not just a raging prick! 2. ⁠I'd just like to quote this part of your comment. You only look at data that supports your preconceived notions and ignore data that doesn’t. I'm enough an adult that if I'm given information that contradicts my beliefs, I'll change my beliefs to account for that. So please, if you have evidence to disprove the rest of this, I will happily read through it. I'd prefer you to give me the same courtesy, but since me doing this is a "waste of my life" as you put it, I'll assume that's not going to happen. Anyway, onto why you were wrong in this point. The suicide rates do show a decrease. Here's a copy of the abbreviated results section of "Intervenable factors associated with suicide risk in transgender persons: a respondent driven sampling study in Ontario, Canada" from 2013 : Among trans Ontarians, 35.1 % (95 % CI: 27.6, 42.5) seriously considered, and 11.2 % (95 % CI: 6.0, 16.4) attempted, suicide in the past year. Social support, reduced transphobia, and having any personal identification documents changed to an appropriate sex designation were associated with large relative and absolute reductions in suicide risk, as was completing a medical transition through hormones and/or surgeries (when needed). Parental support for gender identity was associated with reduced ideation. Lower self-reported transphobia (10th versus 90th percentile) was associated with a 66 % reduction in ideation (RR = 0.34, 95 % CI: 0.17, 0.67), and an additional 76 % reduction in attempts among those with ideation (RR = 0.24; 95 % CI: 0.07, 0.82). This corresponds to potential prevention of 160 ideations per 1000 trans persons, and 200 attempts per 1,000 with ideation, based on a hypothetical reduction of transphobia from current levels to the 10th percentile. Here is another study, this one the 2006 "Long-term follow-up: psychosocial outcome of Belgian transsexuals after sex reassignment surgery" (you'll have to download that one as the text is a little fucked up otherwise) : Although the suicide attempt-rate dropped significantly from 29.3% to 5.1% (McNemar test, N = 58, P = 0.004), it was definitively higher than in the average population (0.15%) (Van Heeringen et al., 2002). Here's 2010's "Hormonal therapy and sex reassignment: A systematic review and meta-analysis of quality of life and psychosocial outcomes", which looks at 28 different studies into the topic and says: Pooling across studies shows that after sex reassignment, 80% of individuals with GID reported significant improvement in gender dysphoria (95% CI = 68-89%; 8 studies; I(2) = 82%); 78% reported significant improvement in psychological symptoms (95% CI = 56-94%; 7 studies; I(2) = 86%); 80% reported significant improvement in quality of life (95% CI = 72-88%; 16 studies; I(2) = 78%); and 72% reported significant improvement in sexual function (95% CI = 60-81%; 15 studies; I(2) = 78%). And finally, an article from Cornell University looking at all 56 studies from 1991-2017 looking at the effects of transitioning on transgender patients: We identified 56 studies that consist of primary research on this topic, of which 52 (93%) found that gender transition improves the overall well-being of transgender people, while 4 (7%) report mixed or null findings. We found no studies concluding that gender transition causes overall harm. So, yes, the suicide rate does go down. But see, I've been through this argument before and know exactly why you think it stays the same. I'm pretty confident that you got that information from (but did not read) "Suicide Attempts among Transgender and Gender Non-Conforming Adults". I'm also guessing that you, or whoever quotes this study to you, failed to note that the study didn't look at "suicide rates", but at "suicide attempts" or more specifically, "lifetime suicide attempts". Meaning that if I were someone part of this study who attempted suicide, failed, realised later that my problem was gender dysphoria, transitioned and then was fine, my suicide attempt would still be counted. Not once does this study compare the suicide rates between pre and post-transition transgender people, but that hasn't stopped people "quoting" it as saying "trans suicide rates don't change after transitioning". 3) That last point was a bit of a long one, so I'll keep this one brief. The DSM-5 is written by the American Psychiatric Association. An association of psychiatrists, i.e as even fucking Wikipedia puts it: A psychiatrist is a physician who specializes in psychiatry, the branch of medicine devoted to the diagnosis, prevention, study, and treatment of mental disorders. Not, as you put it, "political activists".
This is intentional. The narrative is that his supporters are white and male which is meant to discredit them
You still can do this tho
Virgin Hillary Clinton VS Chad Bernie Sanders VS GAD Sarah Gad
so what, a rock is worse than hitler because even hitler cared about germany or something?
So 50F is comfortable for you?
Smh not even using electron Volt/k_Boltzmann amateur
Geolocation/time trigger is the best option. Perfectly balanced as all things should be
That’s super fucked up bro
Also a call with Nixon that recently surfaced where one of the two, I think it was Reagan described a UN delegation from Africa as stupid monkeys because they wouldn’t vote the way he wanted on some shit. https://theslot.jezebel.com/presidential-biographers-absolutely-stunned-to-find-tha-1836898704
Well it was an accident and therefore not a war crime. What would be their reason to do it? This only hurt their position in the international community and they lost a lot of public support among their citizens. Trump assassinated a member of a foreign military which is (depending on whether or not the whole imminent attack story turns out to be true, doesn’t look like it) an unprovoked act of war.
Idk what your problem is, Italy is quiet nice actually
&gt; or rankine haha
i mean... it does kinda doesn't it. sure we can't see inside her head but at that point literally anyone could be a huge secret bigot. you included. and you didn't even make a tv pilot that shows minorities in a good light so you're a much more likely candidate
ist top
&gt; actively stereotyping queer characters ?
But it’s real cold tho
Or framed a different way, Bernie is the one who can steal the most votes from trump. working class people want anything but business as usual because business as usual had fucked them for the past decades. It’s not smart but if they can choose between that and trump they’ll choose trump because trump is change. Don’t condone this btw but it is how it is.
The bigger they go up the economier it is.
oh damn that's like 2 waves off
illiad enthusiasts: oh you sweet summer child
Son?
Verily
I’m pretty sure he was the one getting caught up in technicalities when I was trying to illustrate the point that actions chosen between two bad options aren’t voluntary because under that definition everything is voluntary that you aren’t physically forced to do (and I mean that in the sense of “why are you hitting yourself”).
Ok. Crazy theory incoming. Maybe the largely neoliberal media dislike both trump a fascist AND Corbyn a leftist. I know, sounds absurd.
Reuters playing g(64)-dimensional Hopscotch while we absolute goddamn imbeciles are still at 1-D chess
&gt; obviously first reaction is to do what the lady did in this video, really? i don't get this obsession with swear words
&gt; Morally. Morality is subjective, so no point debating it. local man solves ethics, philosopher's of the past 2000 years could not be reached for comments, probably feeling pretty dumb right now. &gt;I'll just say that I don't think anybody owes it to you to help you, in fact nobody owes you anything really. Why should you be entitled to another person's help? because every person deserves to live. because not doing anything is a choice as well. killing through action and killing through inaction cannot be logically differentiated, it would be murder. I think people are entitled not to be murdered. &gt;For a world in which private property is respected and thus we have a prosper and richer society. if i were you id have a look at what you wrote up to this point because all you've really argued so far is that you should be allowed to let people die if you didn't personally get them into their predicament. how you think implementing the core of your message up to this point could lead to a fair and rich society is beyond me. how is it fair to die when you could've been saved, but you fall to your death because the person above you just happened to read ayn rand that day. and how would that make people richer when capitalism (that's right, that's what this all was about) seems to primarily consolidate wealth thereby actually hampering economic activity by incalculable margins. &gt;On the contrary. In the state of nature you either hunt or you starve. An employer offers you another option, which is working for a wage, if you think his offer is bad, you're free to refuse it, but the employer doesn't owe any help to you. interesting. appeal to nature. that's not what we're comparing capitalism to now are we? im arguing socialism would be better not anarcho primitivism. I'm really curious: don't you think all of your positions are kinda, well, asshole-y for lack of a better word? you're out here defending what is basically at-will employment, completely understandable of course lots of people mistake capitalism for a good thing. but when i made the analogy to someone hanging on for dear life, and a figure above them (which i did portray as Scar form the lion king if i remember correctly) instead of explaining a flaw in the metaphor you just doubled the fuck down and said "yeah fuck 'em. dumb asshole shouldn't be dangling like that." which is intellectually consistent, I'll give you that. but it does kinda sorta make you a dick tho.
/r/AreTheStraightsOK
It’s real close tho
Come on that was unnecessary. It’s not like there’s a shortage of ways you could make fun of the woman who looks like she was hit in the face with a pan and the pan had Botox in it.
Could I suggest making the red just a smidge lighter? Would go a long way to making a better contrast to the black and also make the flag a lot more wholesome and less grim.
Nah masculinity is monster trucks, unshaved body hair and self destructive overconsumption of tobacco, alcohol and red meat. Duh.
Assume spherical market with no tax resistance.
sure it means something when talking about taxation. average wealth is the potential, median is what currently is. because of the high average wealth the US could afford higher taxation and better social services lifting the median up
the banana and kiwi are the cock and balls of nature, respectively
Obviously sign it. I see no reason not to. Also this gives people who like your work to find you which is good for the both of you. Be proud of your work based on its own merit and not because of the price because the art market is all kinds of fucky and high price doesn’t indicate good quality at all.
https://www.reddit.com/r/imsorryjon/comments/d0wklf/patrick_must_feed_oc/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf /u/stillinthesimulation
Imperialist powers can have a little Africa, as a treat
https://www.reddit.com/r/Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt/
this is gonna be like the mind control mixers from Batman Forever isn't it
So the formula is 6+(n+3)(n+4)/2 = 6+(n^2 +7n+12)/2
&gt;47/8 What did you bring about this cursed land
Tfw when you almost kill the heart but it has 48/8 health and you only do 47/8 damage
They’re the opposite of three arrows to the the bottom left. For monarchy, for fascism, for communism. Truly an ascended anti centrist
I think as soon as your home is big enough to need staff you’re going too far EDIT: I’m an idiot
Don’t even get me started in half boring people. Jesus fuck at least commit to something you milquetoast piece of celery
Alternatively if they comment “yeah, agreed” on this post like the comedic little geniuses they are
Stopping power is a huge myth that makes you think larger bullets slower bullets are better for self defense In reality a bullet carries very little momentum. A 1 gram projectile at 1km/s has the same momentum as a 1kg stone thrown at 1m/s. a 100mph baseball has 6 times as much momentum and an adult running at 5m/s has 350 times as much. So unless you’re using a belt fed Glock or a 5meter long 350 round magazine you’re not gonna *stop* shit.
r/bommerhentai
Huh, I thought you might’ve gotten it for your birthday
Free speech is often used as a shitty defense by shitty people who are bigots. Free speech just means the state can’t police what you say.
lol, fuckin tankie
By god. I am now
Does it ever bother you that hateful and bigoted people are always members of capitalist parties?
well I don't think you can distance yourself that much purely based on foreign trade policy. Both neoliberals and the right are for capitalism inside their own borders. You can't call these people not capitalists just because they don't stay ideologically faithful to the concept in international trade just like they can't denounce neoliberals as anti capitalists because of market intervention. there is a definite historical trend of leftists being far more tolerant regarding things like sexuality, gender, race, etc
really? can you give examples? because in the netherlands i would classify FvD and PVV as truly bigoted parties and they are both capitalist economically, meanwhile the cda is kinda iffy on a few social issues but they hold some left wing positions economically. in germany you have your woke capitalists like the greens and the FDP but remember my claim wasn't that capitalists are bigots but that bigots tend to be capitalists. And lo and behold the AfD is made up of literal goddamn fucking nazis and they're capitalists, CSU isn't too fond of gay marriage either and they're economically right as well. i don't know too much about france and sweden tbh but i think i can comfortably say that indian politics completely elude me so i can't comment here either. nevertheless i think the trend is undeniable, woke parties are either left wing or right wing, bigoted parties are almost always right wing economically. there is a distinct lack of racist socialist parties and a noticeable surplus of xenophobic capitalist parties. mind you i am under no illusion that the people on this sub are admirers of AfD and PVV and their ilk but they tend to be free market liberals just like you. i was just wondering if that ever gave you pause, that racists and homophobes mostly agree with you on economic issues and why that might be?
[literally the first comment in this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuddenlyTrans/comments/dr1zqe/stolen_from_dnd_twitter/f6eaxcb/)
Yes. Everyone you disagree with is a bot in fact
That’s no libertarian that’s black Alan Moore
those are two different statements. sure there are assholes everywhere but they're mainly on the economic right. not a lot of countries have a racist left wing party while most have a racist right wing party
for which also no proof was given
both the creator's transphobia and the shows homophobia are baseless accusations
&gt; D66. FDP. En Marche. Venstre. Indian National Congress. &gt; &gt; what's your point you're just listing parties? what is this an answer to? i never said that capitalists are bigots, I just said people who are bigots tend to be capitalists. &gt;Free Markets also involve freedom of movement and open borders, who actually champions these issues? because i know that it's a bit of a meme here but i never see anyone outside of reddit advocating for open borders, despite what republicans would have you believe. the only people i witnessed expressing the want for open borders were full on anarchists. &gt;0 censorship, etc. The far right hates this stuff. again, not saying the far right is neoliberal, just saying the both of you are capitalists, on the economic left right axis you're on the same side. i was wondering if you could explain why the far right and their bigots are usually capitalists and why there are almost no socialist / socdem parties that cater to xenophobes.
examples?
jesus. im aware. this doesn't change the fact that the TREND exists, these aren't hugely popular movements. your average leftists is much less bigoted than your average capitalist. nevermind the fact that blue labour is neither homophobic nor racist. and christian democrats are usually pretty centrist all around. not very bigoted and not at all left wing
&gt; You are using guilt by association here. Be careful with that. im aware. this isn't me trying to destroy capitalism. this is me asking you on /r/neoliberal how you, a person who presumably A prefers capitalism over socialism and B cares about minority rights, would explain this phenomenon, that bigots tend to be capitalists (again not all but i'm just saying there's an undeniable correlation). I think that as a leftist I can take comfort in the fact that those before me have been at the forefront of various civil rights movements, and I'm afraid you don't have that luxury. &gt;Blue labour, and New Zealand Labour parties are a thing. ok, i wasn't saying there aren't bigoted leftists. I was saying that bigots overwhelmingly aren't leftists. also what are these examples? how are these parties bigoted? tbh im not to educated on anglosphere politics but both their wikipedia articles state that they are explicitly anti discrimination based on sex race or orientation? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_Labour_Party#Principles https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_Labour#Ideas &gt;Blue Labour is also pro-gay rights and anti-racist
this is a complete non sequitur, you didn't address anything I said I have no idea how this links to the conversation at all. also how does bernie sanders hate immigrants are you mad?
&gt; is quite left economically. &gt; &gt; PVV imo can be said to be proto-fascist, fascists are usually economically centrist, to call PVV quite left economically is a stretch, they are still capitalist. &gt;They support our welfare state, just only for ethnically Dutch people. isn't that exactly /r/neoliberal with racism on top? it's not like you are full on anarcho capitalists here.
&gt; which is that capitalism is not inherently racist well, id argue that capitalism allows racism to flourish. it will necessarily hierarchise society and amplify any racism that is present in this society. under capitalism the rich get richer, which means existing power dynamics are entrenched instead of suppressed. &gt;Sure, there may be a correlation (not even sure if this is true, because if you look at the far-right white nationalists like Richard Spencer, they're not capitalists), well fascists have historically used capitalism as a tool to assume and wield power just as they've used left wing policies in the pursuit of nationalist goals. trust me going into the ideology of fascism is a whole can of worms. so i don't buy your argument here as a refutation of the correlation that you otherwise would have accepted &gt;but correlation does not imply causation. this is a fact that people like to parrot without understanding the fundamental thing it says. in the words of randall munroe "[Correlation doesn't imply causation, but it does waggle its eyebrows suggestively and gesture furtively while mouthing 'look over there'.](https://www.xkcd.com/552/)" meaning that yes causation is not definitively proven to exist BUT it should be assumed to exist unless a better explanation (like a common cause) can be found. simply plugging your ears and insisting that "correlation does not imply causation." isn't a counter argument, you've simply stated that there still exists the theoretical possibility that the two are only tangentially related. arguing a correlation can exist without causation and without a common cause is simply in complete defiance of statistical analysis. don't retreat to "it's a massive coincidence that millions of people fit this theory" because i do not want to be in the room when they calculate that sigma value. &gt;They're not racist *because* they're capitalist and they're not capitalist *because* they're racist. on the other hand i would like to forward a hypothesis that would explain the correlation and it includes both of the possibilities you just ruled out. I would argue racists like capitalism because it confirms their biases. if you think black people are genetically inferior, see that we live under capitalism which is supposedly a meritocratic system that only allows the best of the best to become rich and powerful and finally take a look at the skin colour and gender of the rich and powerful you can only come to the conclusion that black people are just too dumb or "lack the work ethic" to succeed on their own merits. and it is a completely valid conclusion at that. unless one of your premises is incorrect. so i turn to you: which is it? (given that we can agree on scientific truths such as equal intelligence among human ethnic groups) do we not live under capitalism? is capitalism not meritocratic or are the rich and powerful as diverse as the population from which they come? I know which premise i'm throwing out. the other group would be capitalists that truly believe that it is a fair and just system and therefore conclude that it must be the minorities that are to blame for their plight. this kind is more insidious because they're not your slur throwing bigot, they're more like your quilletty phrenologists. &gt;The fact of the matter is that there are more capitalists in American politics and citizenship than any other economic system; so just by pure math, there's going to be higher probability of racism than any other economic leaning. we did include the entire western world didn't we? other countries didn't go through the red scare during the cold war and aren't just now rediscovering left leaning politics for the first time in 50 years. &gt;The progressive party in the US (aka not racist) was capitalist and still mostly is, other than a few on the far left side of it, unless you're arguing that the modern-day Democratic Party is also full of racists. In that case I don't know what to tell you. again, never claimed all capitalists are racist, just saying the left has historically been very anti racist while racists are predominantly found to be in favour of capitalism. &gt;I know what you're trying to do, you're trying to frame capitalism as racist yes and now you know my reasoning. again not *inherently* racist, just very useful to racists. &gt;and it's not just true well that settles it then, im convinced &gt;(and I think you know it's not, which is why you try to back people into corners like you are right now). idk this is kinda disingenuous, what did I do that is "backing people into corners"?
I was a virgin when they announced it and now I’m a grandfather
&gt; Technically all leftist parties are capitalist in Europe.. &gt; &gt; technically not. there are some full on communist parties, one of them is even the second largest party in our second largest city. &gt;Even Bernie Sanders is technically a capitalist. alright but you do acknowledge the fact that there is a spectrum which makes this whole digression rather pointless. also sanders has a worker ownership plan that would give employees a stake in the companies they work at. if that's not anti capitalist i don't know what is. &gt;But the PVV opposed abolishing the dividend tax for corporations for example. The capitalist VVD didn't. again? completely irrelevant. they're squarely centrist in their economics, a vote for dividend taxes does not make them leftist in the least bit.
&gt;Seriously, there are a thousand differences. Educate yourself. you see how I could maybe write those up as superficial when we're talking about a disagreement in which economic model to use. believing in climate change or not isn't an economic issue. &gt;Most of us would probably align with VVD or D66 in the Netherlands. They don't get along well AT ALL with the right (including FvD) here. ah yes. VVD who had a coalition with christian democrats that was supported by the fascists, why I ought to make you all honorary socialists under those circumstances, I had no idea. hilarious.
They’re actually not, stab wounds are much more dangerous, but London still has a much lower murder rate than New York for example. The us is definitely a more violent country and this high population stuff is just bullshit. Europe overall is much more dense and less violent
This might be why people generally cite statistics instead of anecdotes.
So what? 1 murder statistics are given per 100k and 2 those are huge outliers. The population density is much much higher in the Netherlands which usually correlates with higher crime rate.
&gt; Yeah but who lives life in statistics. We instead live in our own bubble. Idk. People talking about how dangerous America is compared to Europe?
That’s not how most people see it. Your letting your bias against Bernie get in the way.
Also it’s Winter so in the wild he would probably be hibernating by now
Doesn’t seem to be Teflon so it shouldn’t injure the pan
Is this subreddit just people getting their magnets stuck
Someone fucked up their dimensional analysis
Our worst enemies are fascists.
At least the left one can’t be. For the lines to connect after just one revolution the orbital period of earth would have to be a whole number multiple of mercuries. In this case that number would also have to be 2 because mercury only goes retrograde once in this graph. Since apparent retrograde motion happens when the inner planet overtakes the outer one this means it could only do that once. Otherwise we would see more loops. In reality Earth has a period of 365 days and mercury of 88 so it should happen 4 times a year.
Please strut
There is none. It’s a famously hard to define concept. What people usually do is describe post forms and note the similarities but the resulting list of qualities is by no means exhaustive and not completely required to qualify as fascist. A good start would be [Umberto Eco‘s Ur Fascism](https://www.pegc.us/archive/Articles/eco_ur-fascism.pdf) in which he lists 14 such criteria. [Here’s](http://www.openculture.com/2016/11/umberto-eco-makes-a-list-of-the-14-common-features-of-fascism.html) a quick run down. Number 8 for example is something that can be seen in fascist like movements today quite often: &gt;8. The enemy is both strong and weak. “By a continuous shifting of rhetorical focus, the enemies are at the same time too strong and too weak.” Robert Paxton described it in Anatomy of fascism as: &gt; A form of political behavior marked by obsessive preoccupation with community decline, humiliation or victimhood and by compensatory cults of unity, energy and purity, in which a mass-based party of committed nationalist militants, working in uneasy but effective collaboration with traditional elites, abandons democratic liberties and pursues with redemptive violence and without ethical or legal restraints goals of internal cleansing and external expansion. I would also direct you to the [relevant Wikipedia article](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Definitions_of_fascism) and to Innuendo studios excellent video on the subject [White fascism](https://youtu.be/5Luu1Beb8ng)
Like any country on earth some areas are more dangerous than others. Overall it’s more dangerous than Europe. Especially if you talk about violent crime.
This site has become infested with train exclusionary railroad foes.
Kobe Bryant: Where am I? Mr. Peanut: You’re in Valhalla! Welcome to your eternal reward. Neil Peart: No more pain or suffering. Jeffrey Epstein: And who’s this beautiful young woman you’ve brought with you? [Source](https://twitter.com/jeffdelicious/status/1221834260123774981?s=21)
Give me a source or eat a dick
the thing to note here is that self awareness x courage is a vector product
Yeah well if you’re not willing to back this shit up then why bring it up at all? It’s just all really convenient for your position isn’t it?
you fuckin bootlickers. The officer is aiming his fucking gun at the cameraman and this guy has the balls to do something about it. Meanwhile you blue knights are stepping over your dicks to defend the fucker who clearly showed signs of violence first.
/s i assume?
Gullible teenagers? Facebook? What are you talking about old man?
Almost none of the 10s or 100s are used except for hectoliter and dekagram
Im gonna piss shidd and cum so hard thank you very much
The thing with NP is that it’s cost ineffective to run and it takes a long time to build and start a plant. Which is why i think it’s kinda unsuitable for an intermediate step from fossil to renewable.
Cuck
Im trying man They’re so fucking slippery
“completely blocking” AKA it obstructs half of one shoulder
ill be honest i don't remember the exact numbers but its what my nuclear physics prof told me. he mainly focused on the money part and said that almost no company runs nuclear power plants without large government subsidies. he's also *really* optimistic about fusion and said that a 10 years after ITER is complete we would have fusion reactors all over the world and that seems kinda unrealistic
No one is *allowed* to strike. That’s what makes it different from a holiday.
[big dick energy](https://metro.co.uk/2020/01/28/french-firefighters-set-alight-start-fighting-police-12139804/)
Virgin police: hides in a water cannon truck, a cheap knock off of a glorious fire engine. Chad firefighters: [take it over](https://twitter.com/sotiridi/status/1222181962200293376?s=21)
&gt;when he died, he wanted his body to be fed to the WOLVES &gt;he’s probably rolling in his grave
It’s also a really dumb definition. More of a description.
Full on transhumanism right there
show them this: https://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/e4sexv/complete_hammerhead_fleet_barely_escapes_ruthless/ ppl eat that shit up
I disagree. A republic isn’t less democratic per se? Republic comes from Latin “res publica” (afaik) which means open thing/process. A republic is a state in which the government is transparent to the citizens. A country that isn’t ruled behind closed doors, without any free press or right to assemble. It isn’t mutually exclusive with democracy and instead is actually necessary for a functioning democracy. Generally I wouldn’t read too much into why people in the US name anything like democrat or republican. It usually has PR reasons more than anything.
Idk, imma say they can have the fasces, they originate from Ancient Rome. Not really a state anyone but a fascist would want to emulate.
no
R
Should cigarettes be illegal?
Almost like there isn’t just one person called Reddit who has very conflicting viewpoints??? Could this be?
&gt; Meanwhile ANTIFA subs on here are actively organizing riots and the admins couldn’t care less Yeah it’s called free speech motherfucker have you heard of it? Right to assembly, ring any bells?
I mean. Isn’t that thinking just a convenient way to shut down those who are most effected by the injustices in this world? &gt;When I was poor and complained about inequality they said I was bitter; now that I'm rich and I complain about inequality they say I'm a hypocrite. I'm beginning to think they just don't want to talk about inequality. Russell Brand
PAITFRTP
Just warthogs is fine
Nah his shadow has a shadow of a badge and a shadow of a gun
The same can be said for capitalism. You are not immune to propaganda and you are the product of a western school system. Why is it that death from hunger is counted towards communism’s death toll of five gazillion but having the same amount of people starve every three years due to global capitalism is fine somehow?
These aren’t the boots I’ll be licking today
How do you explain this game being shit before the port?
Nah he’s talking about dangerous looters and (((thugs))) here
Damn you mad
I love that the only way they can try to comprehend structural issues like racism is in their fucked up frame work where Jews control everything
white supremacy is not at all like a bernese mountain dog
👉😎👉
Your kids will be like us :)
It says the woman has a caretaker who didn’t show for a few days, and she didn’t want to bother her son 😢
Exactly. Caring about the world at large is for losers
that's not what he argued, he basically said: yeah the black logo looks cool and all, but I the protests are dumb
🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩HIS
Lib actually stands for libertarian not pacifist. Violence is good sometimes
Ding Dong
🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cardiomegaly
Disagree. Realize that convincing people is just as much a matter of emotion as arguments. everyone has had bad interactions with the police at some point. Felt how it is to be completely powerless as a man with serious anger issues won’t let you go until he gives you a ticket for something, anything. People, even liberals are enraged by these video threads. ACAB is imo very easy to spread as a message. Now more than ever people are very susceptible to it
Remember when the Pete campaign paid black People to stand behind him in the crowds when he was giving a speech. Simpler times
The difference is probably that watch people die was real life Footage
Who could have guessed this would happen?
Investors sure. Don’t really see how gore porn is a political topic
1
I kinda dislike letting them get away with that rebranding
It’s actually insane how diverse dogs are. Look at a chihuahua and a Bernese and realize: we did that.
🥾👅
How does one enter?
Download -&gt; install -&gt; keybindings -&gt; ooh shit it’s 4am
USA in one picture
Now is not the time for this type of post.
Nah it’s too late now
Nah I lift, just thought it’d be a funny comment
C
Honestly the whole apologizing for being white thing is so cringy. I’ve never seen anyone doing it in my life yet the right acts as if leftist white people are ashamed of their skin colour.
sure but you'd agree that this is far right authoritarianism right? and that the worldwide trend is too?
they made you a moron
Biden: no more death squads, can we have shoot you in the leg squads instead? has anyone had that idea before, i think it's genius, where am i?
those who make peaceful protest impossible... a lot of innocent people died during the french revolution. you think king George handed the colonies over after washington and his mates posted red squares on instagram
not to mention that big stores are insured and a lot of people simply could not afford to buy enough food during the pandemic
he's an ally of peaceful protest but he repeatedly attacked colin kaepernick on twitter
but you know that most gun nuts are authoritarians right? libertarians aren't that big of a share on the american right wing
&gt;Gay marriage, marijuana legalization, and now police accountablity. i mean. same goes for us socialists. i feel like the main reason these things haven't happened until recently is because these are the kind of things that a government might want to withhold from its citizens for its own gain and democrats and republicans aren't as different in that regard as they might want people to think. democrats just put on a sparkly 𝓹𝓻𝓸𝓰𝓻𝓮𝓼𝓼𝓲𝓿𝓮 costume to get the crucial liberal suburban wine mom vote.
Why not use this comment to show me, a big dumdum, why it’s true instead of restating that it “totally is true dude just trust me on this one”
oooooh nice now we get to do it too: tHaT's NoT rEaL cApItAlIsM damn that felt good
racism can't end under capitalism, because it preserves social hierarchies really well. like you'd agree that capital is a beneficial thing to own under capitalism which on average greatly increases the amount on money you can make, right? this implies that the more money you have, again on average, means the more money you will earn. and gee i wonder why it just so happens that black people are still so much poorer than white people under this system?
exactly. vote left wing
try being a little less patronising &gt;Talk to us when your 24. You’ll see we were right and you see the world through a fully matured lease. do you have any idea how much of a pompous asshole you sound like, especially when instead of arguing with ideas you go for the age of the person holding them. especially fun when you come from a social movement that has like 5 women in it total. so idk talk to us once you've gotten laid.
Under no pretext should arms and ammunition be surrendered; any attempt to disarm the workers must be frustrated, by force if necessary
&gt;Which means you know jack shit about the US and US Politics, and your opinion on them are irrelevant. I don’t see how that follows? Politics interest me and I keep up to date. And I apparently know a lot more than you do because, and I cannot stress this enough, the democrats are neoliberals. Maybe visit their subreddit /r/neoliberal where they jerk each other off while fantasizing about incremental meaningless change, and also shit on the left and right constantly. &gt;The reason your European lefty buddy's are shitting on the American left is because in Europe the "radical right" are still to the left of the American left. Are you insane? Our radical right are actual Nazis. Your radical left is probably the DSA, Democratic socialists of America. How are you this uneducated?
This myth is a clearly documented historical fact. The name is not indicative of their beliefs just as the Democratic Republic of Korea is neither democratic nor a republic. Hitler said himself in Mein Kampf that he is no communist and that it was merely a ploy to get the worker’s vote. Communists and socialists were also the Forest people to be sent to a concentration camp, Dachau, even before Jews. Maybe you heard the quote by Niemöller: &gt; First they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a socialist. &gt;Then they came for the trade unionists, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a trade unionist. &gt;Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a Jew. &gt;Then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for me. The order here isn’t coincidence but historical fact. It is your understanding that is clearly lacking. Politics doesn’t revolve entirely on this very limited big/small government spectrum. I’m left as fuck and I want to limit the powers of the government. You confuse left right with authoritarian and libertarian. Jesus Christ man maybe try learning a thing or two before you talk.
The part of the lib right that’s a little more right than it is lib. If you go on /r/libertarianmeme you’ll find tons of comments suddenly very concerned about looting and the NBPP and such.
On paper, sure. In reality, no.
Nuclear power plants aren’t economically viable businesses.
I trust the Vietnamese government a lot more than yours
palingenetic ultra snek grabbery
I think scissors are more of a tool than a machine
Eat shit and grow up. If you can’t be outraged by a sweet old man getting seriously injured by the police **for protesting racism** then fuck off.
T
R
&gt;If you honestly believe that the entire nation was built off of a small minority who's main contribution was picking cotton, you're nuts. Black people did less to build the country than just about any group. is that why the south started a civil fucking war just to keep slaves? not because slaves were insanely beneficial economically but for shit's and giggles I guess. in those times a majority of the population had to work in agriculture. every slave picking cotton or oranges or whatever meant a white person could do a job that's not shit and, y'know, pays money. also good thing for your argument that slaves were only used on plantations and weren't used for construction or other things. good thing that's the case cause otherwise you'd look really dumb like if for example they built the white house or something. good thing that didn't happen. anyway, must be tough having a social life if you start pulling fake numbers out your ass as soon as someone mentions the existence of black people. not that being a libertarian's gonna do you any favours getting laid
Dissolve the department, rehire police
Yeah I’m gonna stop now, there seems to be some fundamental misunderstanding about the concepts of fairness, objectivity, burden of proof and a few other kinda basic things that I really don’t feel like getting into, especially if you’re just going to skip party them. Cheers you strange little man.
Man fuck the senate
Scientifically speaking they’re right.
Because lawlessness can be cool? Not everything that is lawless is wrong. People seem to think this was righteous even if illegal.
There is a thing called vacuum energy. It’s weird and quantumy but just know that it is proven that even „empty“ space devoid of any gas or matter has a certain rest energy (google Casimir effect) Another basic fact is that usually things want to be in their lowest energy state possible. A ball on top of a tower doesn’t really want to be there and if you give it a little push it falls down. Similarly electrons want to occupy the lowest energy orbitals (think Bohr model). Now if vacuum has a certain energy you might theorize that this energy isn’t it’s lowest possible configuration. There might be an even lower level. You could picture that as a ball inside a bowl. From the perspective of the ball it lies in the middle, at the lowest point. But if you put a certain amount of energy into the ball (lifting it higher than the rim) you can drop it to the floor ultimately regaining all the energy you put in and then some. The fear is that our vacuum is the ball in the bowl. And that an event energetic enough could lift the ball over the rim into an even more desirable (not for us but for thermodynamics) base state. Also once achieved this would spread to the vacuum around it at (probably idk?) the speed of light. Maybe to picture that throw out the ball metaphor and think of a long chain laid flat inside a halfpipe looking energy potential. Once one part of the chain is over the rim it will pull the rest of the chain with it until the entire thing is on the floor. This kills the universe.
Vacuum: Mom can I have incredible amounts of energy? Mom: To achieve a very high energy potential? Vacuum: Yeees Vacuum \*actually decays to an even lower potential like a boss\*
because I have chronic analysis paralysis
Look I’m not saying tyranny of the majority, as people like to call it and what I think you’ve just described, is a great thing. But currently we have the exact same thing happening in the opposite direction which is imo a lot worse. It’s tyranny by the minority. And states aren’t voting blocks, it’s not like any NY senators are gonna try to pass the fuck Wyoming bill anytime soon. And by limiting governmental powers in general this problem can be curbed even further by restricting the amount of damage a hypothetical ultra sadistic California can do. But the system that stands, one which gives states votes instead of people has led to two of the universally agreed upon worst presidents in recent history, and it always benefits republicans. The same holds true for the debate only here it’s much less noticeable because it’s not one big race but lots of small ones. When you think about it it’s national scale gerrymandering even if not deliberate. The more or less randomly drawn state lines shouldn’t have any measurable effect on politics. The Dakotas uniting for example shouldn’t have a direct effect on electoral power. The power should come from the people. One man one vote. Anything less is compromising on democracy, a thing which I think is pretty neat and one of the last things we should compromise on.
This is from the daily fucking wire you dunce. Get a real source.
Or maybe, this story is bullshit: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/house-fire-virginia/ The article is from the daily wire, originated from the washington times (two highly reputable and impartial sources right there) who got it from the police (it’s getting even better) The fire department refuted this story
the only reason companies don't get their hands dirty with armed conflict is because they don't have to. They have the state to do that for them. Back in the day when they didn't, they literally had mercenaries, especially for unionising workers. [1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strikebreaker) [2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-union_violence_in_the_United_States) in countries with a less functioning state apparatus the companies still do that job themselves from time to time. who could forget the time that Panamco a bottling contractor for coca cola [hired a paramilitary death squad to kill a union leader in colombia](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/2909141.stm) maybe look up company towns in which corporations were the de facto local government, they issued their own currency and all, combine that with strikebreakers and there is no fundamental difference to a totalitarian government, want to leave town? tough luck you're indebted to the company store where you bought your food, with your company dollars of which you didn't get enough to eat. state power isn't bad because it's backed up militarily but because for people to have freedom no one should hold power over them. the fact that they have guns only makes it harder to relieve them of their power.
Things aren’t sacred just because they’re old.
You know full well that the Gadsden flag was co opted by authoritarian republicans in the us. A flag‘s meaning changes with context.
Enlighten me
Now that’s based
I mean wouldn’t it be even rarer considering there’s more items on most servers. I saw a pan only once tbh
&gt;And finally, as for the kid we don't know for sure, sure seemed real to me the way the cop broke down on TV. Might have been acting but damn if that's the case he's in the wrong business, could easily topple DiCaprio. why would you give them the benefit of the doubt if there are already multiple lies in the rest of their statement.
🥾👅
whiteness is a made up concept that is given and taken according to the zeitgeist. back in the day Italians and greeks and even the fucking Irish were not considered to be white. Jews were non white even though some Jews are genetically no different from their neighbour (in a race sense not in a clone sense). whiteness used not as a race but as the absence of race, the norm. why is obama considered to be black when his parents are white and black. https://youtu.be/5Luu1Beb8ng?t=737
&gt; Because his speech was so real, very believable come on man. cops have lied so much, especially in the past few weeks and literally MULTIPLE TIMES WITHIN THIS CONFERENCE and you're convinced because officer sad face sighs during a long pause like he just ate something spicy? im sorry man but that's just so fucking gullible i can barely fathom how you could compare that 5 secondpause and sigh spiel to a professional actor it's barely good for playing the role of a tree in an elementary school performance. &gt;and the consequences of pulling a lie like this at a time like this would be enormous. they literally killed a black man today for sleeping drunk in a wendy's parking lot, inside his car and refusing to be arrested. they shoot rubber bullets at cameramen on national television. how in god's fucking name could you think the police would shy away from this bullshit because it might be bad optics in a time like this. &gt;Cops cannot be trusted but jumping to conclusions is stupid as well. well guess who can be trusted? the fucking Fire Department. which is probably why I've never seen 1612 spray painted on a bus station. and according to them the cops talked bullshit and there was no one inside leaving aside the fact that that's the fucking null hypothesis anyway. please tell me what i should take away from this, you're either completely out of touch or desperately trying to interpret any and all facts in the most charitable way possible, which i have to say are some really bad optics in a time like this.
Please tell me where I judged them with bias? Not believing someone when they tell you their enemies have killed someone isn’t biased when they have lied repeatedly in the past 5 minutes, have a clear motive to lie and a rich history of lying. It’s being rational. You on the other hand try to interpret everything in the most charitable way possible. That’s not intellectually honest, it’s bias.
No because socialists think that China is state capitalist while Vietnam is held in much higher regard usually.
that’s just sad that you really believe that. Have you noticed that rich people are more in favor of capitalism than the poor? Are they all just so eager to give up their position at the relative peak of society for the good of their fellow man? Sure capitalism isn’t zero sum, but all that extra sum goes to the rich. The poorest 90% still earn as much as they did decades ago, while the rich are richer than ever. Why do you think the US is has the highest GINI coefficient of any first world nation while my european much less capitalist home country has a GINI almost half of the USA’s? The name of your ideology is literally named capitalism. Meaning it is capital you need to make money effectively. The more capital you have the more money you make. The more money you make the more capital you can buy. How is it not obvious to you that this system isn’t stable? How can you not see that a wealth distribution curve looking like an exponential function is the inevitable result of an economic system where already owning things is the only way to make considerable amounts of money?
I'm not sure if you're aware of how far right the US actually is. the [NYT did an analysis once](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2019/06/26/opinion/sunday/republican-platform-far-right.html) where you can clearly see that the Democrats are centrist and the Republican parrty is far right in an international perspective. I'm from Austria and our far right party, a party that was literally founded by Nazi SS officers after the war and still to this day has nazi scandals all the time is literally shown to be to the left of the republicans. the two are only centrists if all you're familiar with are US politics
I cannot wait for 64 year old super genius OP
What about complete ownership of earth and all it’s resources? I’d suck two dicks for that.
I have three taps in my house but only one delivers that ice cold alpine goodness
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⢿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠟⠉⠄⣀⡤⢤⣤⣈⠁⣠⡔⠶⣾⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⠋⠁⠄⠄⠄⣼⣿⠁⡀⢹⣿⣷⢹⡇⠄⠎⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠉⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠹⣇⣀⣡⣾⣿⡿⠉⠛⠒⠒⠋⠉⢸ ⡿⠋⠁⠄⠄⢀⣤⣤⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈⠙⠛⠛⠉⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢹⣧⡈⠿⣷⣄⣀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢀⣠⢄⣾ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈⠻⢿⣶⣌⣙⡛⠛⠿⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠖⣒⣒⣚⣋⡩⢱⣾⣿ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈⠉⠛⠛⠛⠻⠿⠿⠟⠛⠛⠛⠉⢉⣥⣶⣾⣿⣿⣿ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠒⠶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⡿⠛⠛⠛⢻⣿⠿⠛⠛⠛⢿⣿⣿⡿⠛⠛⠛⢻⡟⠛⣿⡿⠛⣻⣿⣿⣿ ⡟⠄⣼⣿⣿⣿⡇⠄⣾⣿⣧⠄⢻⡏⠄⣼⣿⣿⣿⡇⠄⡟⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⡇⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠄⣿⣿⣿⠄⢸⡇⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠄⣀⠈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣄⠈⠙⠛⢻⣧⡄⠙⠛⠉⣠⣿⣷⣄⠈⠙⠛⢹⡇⠄⣿⣧⠄⠻⣿⣿⣿
I feel violated now.
What are you on about? Socialists don’t want the term anymore. It’s just noise that you make with your mouth, there’s nothing special about that exact combination of letters. Take your meds man. “the socialists are so afraid they want to take the word, our word“ please show me where someone gives a shit.
Kinda sad tbh.
Look, all the people answering this are people who voted for trump in '16. It’s good and all that they realized their mistake but don’t expect too much of them.
Frankly, what did he expect?
More👏charismatic👏drone👏pilots👏
The difference is whether you think they’re near each other because they’re on opposite ends of the horseshoe or because they’re somewhere along the horseshoe very close to each other
B
And if that doesn’t work and your choice is homelessness or sex? Don’t act as if that shit gets you anywhere, especially in low income areas.
&gt; That's why you sign a contract determining you first and last day of stay. Except if you’re poor you’re in no position to negotiate such a contract. &gt; No, because it's his house and the tenant isn't entitled to live in it for free. If the landlord instead decided to charge $100k a month, nobody would say that he's staright up robbing the tenant. The tenant is free to choose if the price is worth or not. I don’t think you understand the example. You live there already under an at-will contract meaning. You pay your rent and now the landlord says blow me or I’ll evict you right now. That’s not rape in your eyes?
Anglosphere and using stupid conventions for everything, name one more iconic duo
Honestly I don’t mind sugar that much since I usually only eat breakfast and dinner so I drench that shit in honey but it’s still got great macros since honey is kind of an intense taste so a little goes a long way.
You don’t see the difference between not giving 20$ and taking away someone’s home out of the blue?
Dude, it kinda looks like you’re doing the same thing but exclusively. I’m just here because incel stuff is interesting. You literally only use fucky subreddits. If they’re not incel-y or borderline fascist SemiCel couldn’t give a shit
He’s a Beautiful Lad, Man
Idk why not try getting laid
boy we already live in a society, you know that no one's gonna fuck a fascists except other fascists and idk if you little shits do demographic surveys but you guys are like 50 to 1 male. so whos the faggot now, Röhm?
He just said white moderate
Honestly back then in African colonies losing two limbs was probably a death sentence. No way they had the resources to keep huge wounds like this sterile.
Dude it’s never that, either the police became violent first or they introduced agent provocateurs, both documented numerous times.
Frenchman fucked your wife or something?
Try not to visit /r/libertarianmeme full on boot lickers over there
https://www.jetpunk.com/user-quizzes/285372/countries-that-have-won-the-most-battles
Legend of Korra, Adventure Time, Kipo and the age of wonderbeasts, She-Ra Princess of power, gravity falls,
Book 1 water generally feels like they didn’t really have everything planned out lore wise, but the retcon can be easily explained as someone said below the animals teaching the humans (in Wan’s training montage there’s a shot of him doing the dance of dragons with a dragon). Another explanation would be that the Wan stuff really happened (we have proof of that in Korras vision) and the whole original animal bender stuff are just myths.
Goodbye
are
You know I feel like at that point they figured they have nothing to lose
Just round to 4 please
Republicans were never libertarian in the slightest
that man is an idiot for confusing a systemic problem for an individual one. to be a cop you need to turn a blind eye to your racist colleagues on a daily basis or risk getting fired. black people are not accountable for other black people. you don't choose your skin tone, you choose to join the police.
you forgot an "sh" there
well by shoving your head up your bum you risked yours yet you don't see me thanking your bootlicking ass
say what you will about Jeffrey Dahmer but that man had resolve.
yeah, im saying he's wrong
eleven
[Welcome to my world](https://i.imgur.com/JkCNDZm)
/r/libertarianmeme is actually shit and full of fascists while /r/libertarian seems to consist of 50% leftists at this point
N
And you expect me to buy and read the book or did you grasp it well enough to give me a short synopsis?
I have no interest in reading it and if you can’t define fascism now then I guess you haven’t read it either
This guy literally said the opposite. How are you getting mad?
But they’re literal Nazis a lot of them.
Yeah no I agree, the two are kinda on par but the variance within the republicans is of course much greater because it is a far bigger party.
You act as if the Spartans weren’t just as gay as the thebans
If I could break the circle jerk for a moment, it’s kinda dumb to assume grant fought the south because he’s such a good person. The man was disowned by his abolitionist father and only released his slaves just prior to the war.
Even if that were true it would be irrelevant to whether or not Israel is an apartheid state. You don’t get good boy points for being better than adjacent countries.
So we should be wary of reparations for Black people because the natives got shitty reparations?
Yeah but if I were to say I’m Anarchist but I feel like the traditional family with husband at the top and women and children below is a justified hierarchy than they probably also wouldn’t welcome me. Because then I wouldn’t be an anarchist anymore.
The difference is that ancaps don’t understand positive rights, only negative ones. But if you have to work to afford food so you don’t starve then where’s the fundamental difference to having a gun to your head. Wage slavery is slavery - you refuse, you die. Only more slowly.
Ironically the Iliad is one of the cases where this doesn’t fit that well. It is never explicitly mentioned even though the topic was anything but taboo at the time.
I mean... how do you know though?
How though?
What does that mean
But everyone already knows the universe isn’t infinitely old. Also what does that have to do with math
We don’t have to know that. It’s not like there’s a null hypothesis to the question of “is the universe infinitely old” however we currently have no way of knowing about anything before the Big Bang so this topic is, for the time being, better off in the hands of philosophers.
I’m asexual for 99.9% of all people. I’m also an basically an atheist because I only believe in 4 or 5 religions out of thousands.
The invisible majority
I just play until it’s obvious I win
Already ruled out as a potential candidate for Graham’s number (because of the 5)
For I am libleft. The literal pinnacle of human morality and intelligence. A sort of Übermensch if you will
&gt; The only things that meet these qualifications are abstract objects (like numbers or sets) or unembodied minds Im sorry what? Unembodied minds (who you’ve just assumed exist) have these properties? How can a mind be timeless, when what it is to be a mind is to think, a process that occupies a time span by necessity. A perfect snapshot capturing one instance of a human brain, if replicated wouldn’t be a mind. https://youtu.be/PC2JOQ7z5L0 This video goes into a theory of what might have happened and although this is more philosophy than physics and none of it is verifiable it does raise interesting points.
Anyone else surprised where the mixer turned out to be a dyer
Burn that bitch down like it’s a Wendy’s
An African American young person and a Caucasian youth. Was this written by a fucking alien?
I don’t think he sleeps much these days
There’s about a 150% chance that that man is either an avid joe Rogan fan or possibly joe Rogan himself
&gt; Cyclical cosmology is impossible for the same reason our universe is not past infinite. ok then I don’t thing we have anything to gain by continuing I guess since I don’t really understand what you mean with that.
These people are so goddamn dumb they simply can’t think or reason about society as a system. They can only imagine singular people doing things. Their idea of systemic racism is that it’s a small group of people manipulating the rest. This is also why they can’t think of antifa as anything but an organization.
Tankies what is preventing you from looking like this?
You know, what you talk like after 2 bud light
Americans thinking they have good pizza is something that’ll never get old
Try again. I believe in you.
Sure buddy the US is the best in everything. Good job.
They definitely used to, I drank them as a kid in Europe.
It’s a little bit like All Nazis are bad. They are bad precisely because they are Nazis and police are bad exactly because they are police. A good policeman is an oxymoron no matter how nice they are.
No one to stop rapes lol gtfo what do you think happens currently?
Try is a strong word, look up how many cases of rape are solved each year
Just a typo
Look obviously, everything psychological has material, but that guy I replied to went on about dna changes and make/female brains which is just quackery. Brains are basically indistinguishable except for some gauss distributed attributes like mass and grey to white matter ratio.
I mean, this might just not be sarcasm.
Yeah it’s cause she doesn’t even look. Just straight up eye contact as she calls his bs.
Those are some big propellers on the right hand plane
but boy is it fugly. and probably heavy.
??? Do you think psychological issues can only be resolved with drugs? The solution for burnout can be a change of scenery, the solution for gender dysphoria is a change of genitalia
Well better to take one down with you than uhh, not take one down with you. Less poetic I know.
Well in math the identifying characteristic for the size of a circle is basically always the radius, not the diameter. Tau is the ratio between circumference and radius. Therefore pi is only superior in the context of engineering, machining or plumbing where you rarely work with radii and mostly with diameters. So many numbers would be much more logical. Have you noticed that we rarely measure angles in diameterians, and mostly in radians. 90 degrees = quarter circle = ¼ τ. The only reason you don’t find our choice for pi incredibly random is because a factor two still feels pretty close, but in my opinion pi is only slightly better than most other aberrations from tau. Imagine we used idk fuckin τ/64 instead of τ/2. Completely insane.
But now you have 2π in tons of other equations.
I’d say that in the end I agree that some formulae become simpler and some get more complicated but I found many high school aged kids (I help them with homework sometime cuz I’m broke) have trouble converting between degrees and radians and therefore they have problems with trigonometry. I find that when I tell them about tau they seem to remember it a lot better because it’s just more intuitive. And since it’s arbitrary anyway we might as well use the format that helps people understand the easiest in the beginning.
Which is why transitioning is actually considered a therapy.
*Farmers pour tons of milk down the drain so as not to crash the milk price * *Humanity produces food for 10 billion people each year, millions die of hunger * *Climate change has been kept a secret for decades by oil companies so as not to hurt their bottom line* *Millions of man hours each year are used to build luxury yachts a product with virtually no utility whatsoever* *Jeff bezos richtest man alive for \*checks notes \* being lucky that his internet market survived the dot com bubble crash because he got a big investment just immediately prior* *The advertisement industry * We can only marvel at the ingenuity of the invisible hand for we are meek in the shining light of its might.
&gt; For the food case: That tremendous amount of food was possible because of capitalism, You can think how that makes it possible for less people to die of starvation, as opposed to thinking about those dying. I don't remember the USSR having a better food redistribuition. Source? All the things capitalism takes credit for are actually possible because of technological progress. The reason we can produce so much food is because of advancements in chemistry and machinery. &gt; For the climate change case: corporations do have interests and will fight for them, most of the time using the government. Government has their own interests as well and does have much more power than corporations. Remember that the vast majority of opression seen through the decades was because of governments, not your average car manufacturer. Boy you’re moving the goalposts so hard. You claimed capitalism provided the most efficient allocation of resources. In reality it only maximizes short term profits for the rich and powerful. I give you an example of capitalism creating trillions or quadrillions in property damages for billions in short term profit and you say: well government is responsible for the Holocaust. I mean sure I don’t disagree but you’re acting like companies can only belong to the elite, be it capitalists or the government. Worker owned companies are the answer. &gt; Jezz Bezos wealth is related to Amazon stock prices, that means the company is doing a great service to humanity and is making millions of lives better. It's not like he has the money on his backyard and that's one of the worst arguments against capitalism if I'm being honest. Yeah amazon is great and all but it’s not bezos who delivers the fucking packages. You’re basically arguing that he deserves all that money because he had the brilliant idea to sell product over the Internet. I’m sorry but Im not impressed. That’s the most obvious shit ever which you can tell because hundreds of people had it before him, he literally just had luck. Luck that he had the capital to start his venture in the first place and luck that his company was the one to survive. Meritocracy my ass.
Hereditary hierarchies are unjust. Only idiots like North Korea
grazie mille
well it might surprise you to hear that Kim Jong-un didn't get to be supreme leader because of his snazzy outfits but rather he inherited the postion from his dad, Kim Jong-il who was in a very similar position in respect to his dad whose name was Kim Il-sung. In academic circles we might call such an arrangement hereditary because it is passed down through the generations and a hierarchy because well what is being passed down is a job titled"supreme leader"
That’s a horrible statue. No wonder they want to tear this shit down. This white savior narrative is fucking demeaning.
Bullshit. There are no statues of Hitler in Germany, but a billion memorial to the holocaust. Nobody forgets history and its lessons because every German town renamed their Adolf-Hitler-Street. This statue celebrates emancipation not as freedom for the black man but as an example of how virtuous Lincoln is. It’s demeaning how he cowers. Tear that shit down
O
Maybe proof read your title next time
C O N F I D E N T
The smarter you are the more lib you are, the gooder you are the more left you are. We are peak human. A sort of Übermensch if you will.
Neoliberals: I hate him because he was a socialist
The third position is not at all left wing economically, that wing died all the way back with Ernst Röhm
I love how I made a general statistical statement about the sort of people religious people in first world nations vote for. And you responded by saying: you’re wrong here’s an example of a religious physicist. Sure congrats, being religious doesn’t imply that you’re an idiot but that guy sure is. &gt; Has anyone provided proof of God’s inexistence? Not even close. What the fuck does he expect of us? How the fuck are we supposed to prove he doesn’t exist. Back in the day he lived in the sky and when we built planes he wasn’t there. Good just keeps retreating. The burden of proof is on religious people. &gt;Has quantum cosmology explained the emergence of the universe or why it is here? Not even close. Yeah well has the Bible? Also no. &gt;Have our sciences explained why our universe seems to be fine-tuned to allow for the existence of life? Not even close. This is another very plainly bad argument and has been made previously regarding the earth. The truth is we can only ask that question because our universe is, as he says, fine tuned for life (nevermind the fact that he fails to show how specific these “settings” actually are, a whole range of possible universes could allow for life to thrive.) it’s like saying: my dad produced trillions of sperm cells in his life, what a huge coincidence that it’s me who got to fuse with the ovum. All the other tadpoles who didn’t get so lucky never developed the capacity to ask such questions. &gt;Are physicists and biologists willing to believe in anything so long as it is not religious thought? Close enough. Except there are tons of religious scientists, die less than the national average but still &gt; Has rationalism and moral thought provided us with an understanding of what is good, what is right, and what is moral? Not close enough. Yes moral thought is exactly what gives us understanding of what is good and bad. Meanwhile the Bible says wearing polyester is a sin and assaulting people for disrespecting zoning laws is good. &gt;Has secularism in the terrible 20th century been a force for good? Not even close, to being close. Congrats secularism, you just entered the incredibly exclusive club of ideologies used for evil. not to get too cocky though it’s not even close to dethroning religion as countries’ favorite casus belli. &gt;Is there a narrow and oppressive orthodoxy in the sciences? Close enough. Jesus Christ the gall of that man. This man only sits in the last row at the cinema because he’s a goddamn projector. &gt;Does anything in the sciences or their philosophy justify the claim that religious belief is irrational? Not even in the ball park. Yes. It does. The core concept is that there’s no reason to believe in it so all those who do are wrong. though it’s getting a little tiring how this clown only alludes to the existence of arguments instead of bringing any. &gt;Is scientific atheism a frivolous exercise in intellectual contempt? Dead on. Is there a reason for why scientists are much less religious than any control group? yeah it’s cuz they smart.
I love the mid air dice. Looks awesome
As I said it’s irrelevant how fine tuned the universe is. How special the earth is. There’s a lot more than 700 quintillion planets in the universe. And you can only wonder at the coincidence because it happened. The sun and moon thing is neat I guess but in no way related to the existence of life. Don’t get me wrong a large moon was beneficial but there’s nothing special about being the same apparent size as the sun. I can’t find anything on the physics bulletin calling him the best in his genre but I can see that the man writes exclusively on religion. Read under published works, this is his main schtick: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Polkinghorne?wprov=sfti1 Not trying to discredit his achievements in physics but they do not grant him any authority on matters of philosophy. On the contrary he exhibits basic fallacies clearly indicative of his massive bias.
