Thanks. Just curious but what’s wrong with the secondary market?
&gt; drinking champagne Now that's a celebration
Right next to the chicken tendie ad
He stayed out of the top 10 at least
Memes are all around you
Joey looks a little downsy
Fortunately for you he doesn't care
Millenials don't know that who's = who is.
Tulane also apparently won the basketball national title in 1985. Undefeated season.
How do we know you’re not hooked up with the workers? /s No really.
Bird brain
On immigration: &gt; oh look what George Washington has to say about everyone being allowed in to our great country On gun control: &gt; well times have changed since our forefathers wrote the constitution and we shouldn’t have to adhere to that
I’m saying that if you’re using GW as the authoritarian voice on a current issue without exception then you’re allowing him to be the authoritarian voice on every other issue. In other words I agree that it’s a nice quote but whether you agree or disagree it’s completely irrelevant to apply to this day and age.
I have. And consequently I haven’t allowed their words to automatically become gospel based on their view on one singular issue.
Do you understand contradiction or no? Don’t insult something because you don’t understand it.
Actually I just reported him for a future offense.
&gt; first super villain You mean like millionth
Let’s face it. You’d still do that at your current age.
A Huracan is "only" $30-40k more than an R8.and they're pretty close in speed. Be careful driving your shiny new car when you win is all I'm saying.
Martin Shkreli would have been on his way if he wasn't foiled by you meddling kids!
Ask Roger Goodell why it exists.
Congratulations. You’ve got the job.
I mean East coast time was 9:30pm when the op and this reply was 1:30am. Calm down.
Wow that really does suck Well done
Can I have a garlicoin
People pay to advertise. The concept is basically the same.
"Retirements funds" have been on fire lately, so there's that.
You scared the shit out of me. I’ve got tickets to Lolla Argentina in March!
What do you call shitposting in real life?
You dummy. The edge plays guitar.
I see you too have met my HOA board.
SHEEEEEEEEESH!
SHEEEEEESH!
When is JP coming back?
Well if no ones gonna hit at the position then I’ll take the gold glove caliber guy. Maybe we can trade for Russell Martin.
Talk about what?
Four strike strikeout. Well done SER!
Lol Orel Hershiser is a major nerd but prob not a stoner
But the fact that someone was murdered was never disputed.
Hey guys we aren’t getting shutout. This is a declaration dammit.
Clay Buccholz 7ip, 9k, 1er This makes me unreasonably angry 9k?? Wtf!!
Good news: if you’ll wait it won’t take long
Remember when Neris was pretty good setting up for Jeanmar? Jeanmar remembers Wait is he still in baseball?
Ricky Bo is a fucking treasure https://twitter.com/rickybottalico/status/1002770141287940096?s=21
This is a horrible suggestion to trade those two to boost this current team. Just FYI.
I wonder if the Giants game thread is glowing about how great Suarez should be. These offenses both suck balls.
Not even sure what the hell youre talking about
Might need them to step up a little more. Like start hitting homers.
You’re welcome folks
You’re welcome folks. Gabe who? http://www.reddit.com/r/phillies/comments/8o93gh/jake_arrieta_and_aaron_nola_currently_rank_5th/e01qays
Well I guess maybe I’ll l go interact with my family now
The starters have allowed 3 runs or less in 22 of the last 26 games including this one so I’m not sure I agree
This team will be better with Rhys back in the lineup and JP at short. I’m still pro JP.
Next Mike Trout confirmed
Always treat your weapon as if it's loaded and ready to fire anytime you're performing drunken bar acrobatics no matter how empty you think it is.
At least no one got shot
Minneapolis, MN To see Tom Brady drop the pass and the Pats lose the Super Bowl. Can’t get much better than that in all of history.
If it’s a bust then he also wasn’t the best hitter in the draft lol. The real good news: can’t do any worse than Moniak
That’s not pasta dumbass that’s a copy grilled cheese. Maybe read.
Before you tell me I said one situation is okay and the other isn’t, that is not what I said. There is generally a significant difference in physical danger in one situation over the other. The fact that people conflate that these are exactly the same makes your entire argument a joke. Take that as constructive criticism.
You might want to re-read that first sentence in my post. Then try thinking rationally. No one will respect your opinion until you do, because complaining that no one respects you certainly won’t help.
No. But a 5-0 lead is a 5-0 lead.
We might see SER later this evening. I’m excited.
Another hit given by the shift Sigh
Moniak is the minor league player of the week? Holy fuck is that fake news?
What does that tweet say? How tall is this guy really? Does he have a position? Sacre bleu so many questions
Oso always playing hard. Gotta love it.
Keep the brilliance coming
Carlos up to .220 when it seemed like he’d never get above .200 If he ends up around .280 then he’ll be the most underpaid player in the league for 2/3 of the season.
Obviously you have to nibble at corners when you’re up 5 runs And then a manager who’s managing like its a one run game in October
Screams panic to me. 5 run lead and he throws the stopped in the game. Ridiculous.
Does anyone remember how this team scored 6 last night? Because if you explained it to me I won’t believe you.
Infieldsingletana
It’s like I always said Santana is one of the best table setters in the game
Thanks buttmudbrookz
I HATE the way Jessica Cochran talks If you watch on mlbtv you might know what I’m talking about.
Well done Tommy. Was he throwing just a little harder this time out?
SERANTHONY!!!
Does anyone have a calculator handy? I’d like to know if you can compute Seranthony’s ERA
FUCK YEAHHHHHHHHH!!!!
Morrow is no fucking joke either
Omg
Schmidt bringing the wisdom with the comment that Eflin is continuing. As he’s standing on third base. After Gabe pulled Altherr back from pinch hitting for Eflin. Thanks Mike
The Brewers were playing Phillie defense.
I’d love to not see Hader in a meaningful situation
Never in doubt boys and girls! This bullpen is so money
And you guys didn’t believe in Scotty Jetpax Pssssh
106.2 exit velocity Entering Giancarlo territory!
Sort of feel like he should be there
I’m sure he does but still indirectly the cause of the boos so I’m sure it sucks.
1.000 ops holy fuck The Phils have had three of those seasons in the last 80 years lmao You don’t want Carlos Santana you want Ryanmichael Schmidthoward
We are talking about bad things here FYI
It feels like only one RISP is a calm inning for the pen these days when SER isn’t pitching.
What’s the record for strikeouts advancing to first for a season? I’m thinking he’s closing in.
He plays fantastic for two weeks out of every eight
I wanna blame Gabe but let’s face it. We have one reliable reliever.
Well the good news is that barring a double play Blackmon will come up Wait that’s not good news
Garcia is just here to let us know that Neris could have been worse
Can they just hit a fucking homer and get it over with? Jesus Christ.
A CLOSER IS BORN
Nola on MLB Network alert And Plesac LOVES him
We have two more games where the Phillies could win four games with four hits aka the world famous 4x4
He’s so fucking good he hung the couple extra earned runs on Garcia that we all wanted last night until it was time to shut the door and then he did that.
I’d hate to see what you think of Ben Davis
Two hits down, two to go!
The third baseman was positioned perfectly to field that ball in the shortstop spot on the field!
While I agree with your premise, that’s really not saying much.
Lmfao it’s so easy for Honkter when it’s 7-1 bad guys
WE’RE BACK IN BUSINESS!
&gt; pair of hits Lol just a homer and a double
I like the good VV over the bad VV
Don’t we all
SK doesn’t have the arm strength for third
Maybe Cesar gets a shot at short?
And funny enough that was apparently the reason why JP was played over Maik. As if Maik wasn’t a better option that Kingery.
Six fucking pitches It’s like they’re trying to get back in the field as soon as possible Fuck fuck fuck
Is ⚡️Rhys⚡️ back or is ⚡️Rhys⚡️ back??
Rhys homering and Slamtana drawing walks. We are back ladies!
On the list of guys who mlb network would say are surprising young up and comers Zach was about one millionth on the list. But here he is. I’m hard.
nicecall nicesausage
JP doing what JP does
HAIL!!??
Is this three innings in a row with bases drunk? Let’s try to get more than two that we got in the 6th
I’d like to give praise to my lord and savior Seranthony Christ
Words that never occurred to me would be put together: Jake Thompson in to try to close the game
Jake Thompson 2 for 2 in save opportunities! Our new closer! Oh fuck just kill me now.
The team is flawed. This is a flaw that likely gets corrected with maturity and experience. Crawford and Alfaro also stand out as being potentially great defenders. The bullpen is a much bigger problem that can only be fixed by replacing several of the parts.
https://twitter.com/cseidmannbcs/status/1008474033371930625?s=21
Especially since Knicks probably don’t care about the Phillies
The guy who broke his gf’s eye socket. Cool. Now let’s talk baseball here.
The Phils are one full game behind the Nats right? MLB shows .5 games but based on when this game is attributed I think it’s broken. Like do they still have a three game losing streak? Because that would be cool with me. Also Soto def didn’t hit his first home run today. https://twitter.com/mlbhr/status/1008820406323744776?s=21
I’m on team JP. Especially when he plays SS. He will come around.
Yeah it’s just hilarious that most places including mlb.com are calling it Soto’s first career homer Bad bot
This is such an amazing feeling that we don’t have a certain road block to winning at the end of this game regardless of how the next six innings go
This is the pro position player hitting ninth argument in action and I hate it. Oh well let’s just get the run home Rhys
Have to get that run in 11/10 times with Rhys⚡️ and Doobs up. Let’s go fellas.
Doobs is my favorite Phil and it’s really not close but I hate when he takes pitches off and it’s a meaty fastball right down the middle.
Y’all got any more of them home rubs?
And on this blessed day we are all nick Williams broken nose
I like to call him Second deGrom
And on this blessed day I am all nick Williams broken nose
Fucking Knapp. Are you fucking kidding me?
98% of professional catchers do considering they know what pitch is gonna be thrown. Just sayin.
0/2 save opps. This is exciting.
Is there a way to view 9th inning run differential? Phils have to be -15?
Busy wrestling
No point mentioning that the Phils left a runner on third with one out in the second inning because the bullpen would have made up for that one if necessary lol
&gt; 0/2 save opps. This is exciting. Ladies and gentlemen 0/3
Who was the guy who suited up for Morgan in the second half last year and didn’t totally fucking suck?
Good for TMac throwing Knapp under the bus
Just a note that Heyman tweeted that the Nats are about to get Kelvin Herrera
Don’t you win the game when you get 27 outs and have the lead?
Maybe the Phils can get one so Yadi can hit for the cycle from the 7th inning on
Man that scoop by Knapp was fucking awesome. When did he learn how to do that?
You never know. The next one might knock the right fielder completely out cold lol
Basically that he’s gotta make the play
The Nats did actually get Kelvin Oh.
1-0 in the post Neris era This one was never in doubt lmao
Kudos to you Monocle Man. You’re now 3-0.
So we know this is a flawed team. But if anyone said this would be a playoff eligible team after 70 games I’d have thought you were fucking crazy. Tied for second in the east and the second wild card spot. After the first half they had last year? Incredible.
The real story here is you allowing mlb notification. Those fucking things come thru every 15 minutes. Fuck that.
Won’t take him a week to not know how to catch a third strike
I for one laughed at this post
He’s better than a jakeadamhector
If journalism was baseball they’d be more like the jets of journalism.
Well the kicker there is that it’s not been as high leverage of a situation when Seranthony starts an inning as opposed to when most of the other guys in the pen start that inning
I’m okay with Seranthony making a mistake. It wasn’t a fucking disaster inning like everyone else. It was one pitch. Also Carpenter was on the same TCU team as Jake. Idk what that means but I think we need to put him on his ass tomorrow.
Adam Knapp. Fuck.
Okay so let’s start here: Seranthony had a dominant inning and threw one bad pitch. Every other Phils reliever in tight situations have had multiple base runners and potential for big innings that many times have become a disaster. Seranthony made one mistake. He throws 98-100 with crazy movement and is a fucking awesome guy to have. Fuck y’all if you wanna say “it’s happening to Seranthony”. You don’t need to believe in him. He’s got a great fucking arm and will continue to be solid.
Seranthony has been one of the best relievers in baseball since he got called up. “Seranthony unfortunately included”. Get fucked dude. No other way to say it.
Yeah it was a funny thing yesterday and I’d love for it to become a Phils sub meme. Fuck Adam Knapp.
FIP is one stat I don’t totally understand how it came to be legitimate. It by name isn’t really what it’s called unless I’m totally missing something.
Here ya go lol https://www.reddit.com/r/phillies/comments/8s56us/why_is_adam_knapp_on_this_team/
I’m just going to say last year’s team finished 66-96 and this year’s Phils are currently 38-34. We’ve had two big signings that have been good but not great and will get better. Aside from that there are a bunch of young guys that are going to be really good and some young guys that might not but overall talent is WAY up from last year. What else could we ask for? If you want to bitch about the 2018 team then get fucked and go somewhere else to bitch. This team is flawed and there isn’t one sane person on the planet who thought this team would win the World Series this year. If you’re not gonna be a Phils fan then go some fucking where else.
The Phils are 38-34 you moron Did you watch a game last year?
The bullpen bailed Nick out of the 8th inning last night. It’s debatable whether he should have been out there at that point but Ramos got him out of a bind. Just saying.
Then you’re just stupid?
Hoskins 2 and Doobs 3 isn’t necessarily what I had in mind as the lineup order but it’s worked pretty damn well since Rhys came back
Bourjos is hitting homers for the Barves now? Talk about a useless bat and now he’s going deep The horseshoe will fall out of their ass at some point right?
This bullpen is SO. FUCKING. STRONG.
Yeah when I gambled on baseball it was the worst feeling to see the team you’re against show a run with the play result not showing. Fair to say I lost on a weekly basis too. Don’t gamble kids.
Depends if it’s his week to not do that or the four weeks where he does do that
Did Adam Morgan do it again or did Adam Morgan do it again? Well actually never mind that’s his first career save.
It took 140 years of major league baseball for Adam Morgan to record his first save. Now that’s some damn persistence!
Can you hurl better than the current bullpen? Asking for a friend
Seems a little rough. Maybe just strain his groin nice and good?
I’m there with you. Not sure I’d trust Morgan if Carpenter was 0-100 against him lol
OHOMER!!!
Why do you underrate him so much? Wtf
Can we end the Jesmuel experiment at third?
And the Phillies. Most of their fans expect to lose.
⚡️⚡️ strike
There are flaws but man these guys have heart
What is it without homers? .000?
Ah right my bad bc why else would it be lower than his BA?
Assume you’ve seen this? https://twitter.com/mattgelb/status/1010205021902864384?s=21
More shocking: two homers in a week for Knapp or a multi hit game?
Fuck the O’s. Get a lead vs Max and lose it last night. Now they shit one away vs the Barves. They better keep sucking balls when we play em
Are the Phils testing that new rule where they start extra innings with a runner on base except bases loaded and also except every inning?
Yeah I mean I was pretty shocked they even scored on Scherzer tbh lol
The game is well in hand whenever pftcommenter gets sent to the mound
Future Phil update: Adrian Beltre goes deep for his fourth home run of the season. Now hitting .317 and his OPS is at .829.
Humblebrag
Rookie will be out by the fourth-ish at this pace
Yep I noticed too I don’t have much more to add but you’re right about the picture
Yes the Nats B1 was lucky
Santana will be all star caliber the rest of the year. Mark it down.
Lol @ complaining about Nola. Dumb fucks.
Here’s the thing: it’s two runs. He could go 7 and give up 2 runs and it’s not a bad start anymore.
What device? Amazon fire has been fucking awful. Roku has been okay and my phone is always fine
Nola now only 39 pitches thru 3
We could argue that’s too many hitters thru 3 but he’s in a good spot either way
10 pitch inning Look at our guy settle in No let’s stop fucking up on the other side.
That’s two games in a row he’s cost a run Obvi last night didn’t end up mattering
If we can get Beltre then obvi keep Maik as a late innng pinch runner
Bump http://www.reddit.com/r/phillies/comments/8tbcff/game_thread_phillies_4033_nationals_4034_sat_jun/e16hkip
“ you know, the Hall of famer mother fucker” - me in reply, probably
this made me spit my beer out Granted it was just a little bit of my 16th beer but still
I blame /u/videogangsta
Are you actually even watching the game?
Lol @ how bad Harper played that
I don’t understand where you’re going with this lol
Arrieta is still a clear 2
This game might not end til 1am and I am here for it
Sure doesn’t look okay
Jessica Mendoza must have gone to the school of overemphasize your words to try to drive home a marginal point
Gotta pray we can showcase him and move him to new scenery
What a terrible pitch
Not sure about markets but it’s the National game on mlb network and they have the Phils broadcast. Which is shocking.
Thanks for the gold man. My only regret is that I can’t buy a Phils base hit with my new gold.
Surely I wasn’t the only one holding my breath when Santana made that throw Well done boys. Let’s get a few!
I gotta admit I’d enjoy that ice cream cone right now
I hate this because it was the cheer for Posada. Can I ask that we stop or am I out of line?
Seems Santana would be as well
We should have left Neris in! Lol
And Severino tomorrow. Fuck me.
Which AL reliever is that? Because it sure as fuck isn’t Betances lol
Adam Morgan had a 2.73 era in the second half last year Like I saw it happen. I watched the games. But I still don’t believe it possibly happened.
Well uh they have Aroldis. So I’m with you but maybe not quite as optimistic.
It’s pretty awesome coming from the whiniest guy on this forum lol
I’ve watched baseball for many years and I still get fooled by those big swings off the end of the bat. Every. Fucking. Time.
And you complain about everything else
You’re right. And you don’t have to be a whiny idiot either. Yet you press on. Calling Rhys a punk is maybe the dumbest post ever on here.
Well fuck the Red Sox too. They’re really no different.
Lol I’ll blame you for being a fucking idiot
Let’s face it. No one in the NL is beating the yanks If they’re pitching well.
You dumb fuck. You continue to embarrass yourself every game. There is currently a four team race for the wild card and the Phils and Nats are two of them. Are you really this fucking stupid?
Agreed. Especially since they’re all buyers.
That man has a huge arm to go with his big dick
Why do you type lol after every comment?
Fuck it. Throw at them every time there are two outs and no one on. (Not really but I kinda wouldn’t be mad)
You mean like most of last nights game?
FYI the yanks fucking sucked in 2016
Well exaggerating I guess but a $221 mil payroll for a team that was never once relevant during the season isn't good
Holy fucking shit you mean to tell me the team that almost lost 100 games isn't ready for a deep playoff run? Can you drop more wisdom for us?
This is what's frustrating...they have a handful of talented guys but it's just a problem when the game is tight
I'd be happy to see Nola vs. CC myself
The ghost of Matt Harvey takes down the Barves Reminder: Yankees &gt; Reds
Don’t cry because you come out of the woodwork a few times a year and I point out that you don’t have a clue.
https://youtu.be/5UhfabRmtJw
We are getting one or maybe even two more innings out of Zach right?
Hopefully we get one more out of Eflin but if he’s done he finishes the night #8 in era in the NL
Not only does it perplex me that AA is playing vs a righty over Williams but also that he’s hitting fifth which is totally fucking ridiculous.
I just wish he could figure out what he was doing last year when he was roping the ball
Ok.
Remember when we said we need 2-1-2 in the three series Nats-Yanks-Nats? Guess what? We are on target. All the while the Barves lost 2/3 vs the shit Reds
First two innings were over an hour. Rest of the game was about 1:45
The story of Jake and Eflin from May to June could be made into one of those wacky switching bodies movie remakes from the 80’s. Which one will Judge Reinhold play?
Lester probably 5-0 1.13 era.
Lol he’s not at all “tied” with Nola after one great month
Because he’s a troll
No way he can run in the outfield
I’m actually right here. Not there.
Plesac is the fucking man. Also he loves Nola.
“I just make it up as I go” - Ben Davis No shit Ben.
If nothing else that’s one impressive set of lungs Also it’s better than Yankee chants so there’s that.
Well TMac is it also odd to see altherr at .172?
Tommy Hunter is the Michael Saunders of pitching
Well ideally the tying run wouldn’t be up with none out before you could blink an eye
Who cares? Just get the hitter out Ser
2018 Phillies after 79 games: 43-36 2008 Phillies after 79 games: 43-36 Okay I’m calm. I promise.
You’d think he’d pitch Sunday after Tuesday. No chance he’s pitching Saturday.
You shouldn’t watch any of it. You’re not an actual fan sooo...
I’d have paid money to see Davis blow Harper back another time
Homer on the 14th pitch
You’re so fucking clueless dude. Get lost for good.
This team is far from perfect but fight is something they’ve always shown. I wish everyone would appreciate that part and jump on board like we already have.
No really I speak for pretty much everyone. You’re a fucking moron and that’s why you have to delete posts.
Well if you’re gonna toss bullpen runs aside can we get rid of pivettas runs and call it 5-0?
Beer &gt; baseball Sounds like a great night
If you’re not embarrassed then why are you deleting messages? You’re a fucking moron. Seriously if you could go away that’d be awesome. Really.
It was just pointed out to me that Santana’s pants are up over his knees. I shall call him Slampanta
Can we seriously ban this idiot? Barves are up 1-0 in the 7th inning
Oh yea I agree but that dipshit roots against the Phils at every turn
Care to come on the podcast to discuss?
Well tbf to Hector he never was good in the 9th
It’s not Gabe’s fault here. Neris should be expected to perform.
You left out the part about hell in the cell
Has anyone really noticed that Santana wears his pants like shorts? They’re over his knees!
Is VV’s fastball really topping out at 93?
OMG
Nope. Eickhoff is better than Cole at this point.
That lefty throw was the play of the year. Especially if he’s seriously hurt. Holy Christ.
That’s how you end a fucking slump mother fuckers
Is there a way to see how hard Jorge threw that ball? I know statcast is a thing but I have no idea how to look at results aside from what mlb publicizes.
And I’ll take a free Eickhoff
SPRINTANA! You can’t double him!
Good boy running is the best running
He shoulda bought a boat
“If I can’t handle you at your worst then you deserve me at my worst” Marilyn Lincoln
Congratulations when’s the wedding?
It impressed the Phils front office so much that we grabbed Joey to take precious reps away from young guys in meaningless games.
I don't know what else this post is supposed to mean...
He wasn't asking he was telling
* do something better than everyone else Though I see why you left that out because that disqualifies everyone here.
Relevant Mike Tyson quote on investing. Who knew?
"Someone else's kitchen" isn't her son's or daughter's kitchen. It's someone else's. I'm sure this one is just as much hers as her own....to her.
I just went to this guy's page and I see he's funny and replies to no one. He must be a giant pussy.
You get free vacation AND sympathy from people who think you don't get paid while you do once it's over. What could be better?
If we overthrow OP that's sorta like overthrowing the government! Let's get him!
Never would have noticed. Also I've been drinking so that's my excuse.
That's what makes it great. Also, who's Drake?
&gt; the same soap from TWO YEARS AGO! So they were right?
And then you killed the mood with this reply. Merry Christmas everyone!
This story is relevant to the OP but not at all to the post you're replying to,
Maybe??? He's the savior of this fucking place!
Schrodinger's puppy?
Fuck that pal give me some cash and I'm on your side forever.
by your logic you think we only have 1/15% chance &amp;#x200B; that's ridiculous
Former Heisman winner Earl Campbell took Dan Pastorini and career passer rating of 59 to the AFCCG twice. Hello former Heisman winner Derrick Henry!
I admit. Kikè is by far my favorite non-Phil and I’m just glad we got him out.
As if Sanchez would come out. What’s another 7 innings?
I mean I can guarantee he’s thinking about a solid gym sesh and supplements
Maik plays a better 3B when we are playing against Arenado. However I’d prefer not to. Then again I’d also prefer not to play against the Dodgers
Gabe didn’t invent this
“Hard to believe that Maikel’s batting average is down to .242” There’s absolutely nothing hard to believe about that if you watch this team everyday let alone get paid to do so.
Maik waves off the other guy who might have caught it lol unreal
I mean I can rattle off four or five reasons but none of them are good lol
Injuries dude. Remember when Roman was gonna be the next big thing? He’s hurt. Shall we go down the list of injured arms?
&gt; Vince throws too many pitches when he starts Reliever Vince: hold my beer
I mean I’d say someone who is a plot line of a Seinfeld episode is prob more well known than you or me or most people.
Imagine thinking that’s at all what I said
I’m guessing Entertainment Tonight isn’t on your radar
Seriously what the fuck are you talking about?
This is a funny post
Sadly that’s also best case scenario with Knapp
Sucks and Hector has demons in Dodger Stadium but hard to get too mad at him being lights out most of the season and Bryce making jt a game. Lets get tomorrow.
Me neither. Of course I believed Odubel was the future :(
I have never been so lost in a thread. You folks are smart.
Sorry I don’t see the resemblance
How do you battle soreness after particular tough workouts? Ice, heat, roller, pain relievers?
I’ve got a boner for Bruce
I think I hate bad Vince more than I love good Vince but man I love good Vince
Tbf the new Hector isn’t nearly as scary as old Hector
Gtfo with this shit delaying Hector
How good can Eflin be? Solid 2?
His ERA WHIP and K rate say that he’s actually turned into a very good pitcher and you can pray for something else
Hasn’t happened to me but it’s not surprising. It’s probably the one app on my phone that continually gets worse in spite of all other technology getting better
While wearing them?
You’re a jackass. Is a 1.95 era, 13 k/9 and 0.94 whip any good or nah?
It wasn’t hard dummy. And here you are responding with nothing.
That Jean he’s so clean and mean
Dammit Bub!
The only thing this means is WORLD FUCKING CHAMPIONS
Imagine looking at Bryce’s batting average and thinking he doesn’t have massive value
Bryce “Jackie Robinson” Harper
Yes
Ok I think it’s time to cut this segment
Those prostate cancer segments really brings /r/Phillies to life
Not on purpose so you got a point
Just look at Eick give and give to charity
Lol
Damn Eick is pitching even worse than I thought
Schmidty is that you?
I’m thinking a strikeout would be okay here
Wow Ranger knows how to use a stick!
It’s just awesome that MLB TV is playing highlights during commercial breaks tonight and they’re showing Raimel Tapias inside the parker. Every. Fucking. Break.
Is there a possibility of both?
Why 2? I’ve got him throwing a perfect game through 4
I mean the Twins have hit 8 in a game twice this year so it could be worse Oh what’s that? It’s only the fifth inning? Ah okay yeah we suck
Get your glove
That interview feels like it was days ago
Not changing the tv away from this game is peak laziness
You’re assuming we don’t give up one more bloop and five more blasts
And the Phil with an OPS over 1.000? Obviously Kingery
Just like we planned. Bryce is 4th in the majors in....doubles.
Left field is on the other side Tmac
Except we have them both. Is there a threesome meme?
Soroka getting lit up by his standards. This is good. Go buccos.
VUH-LAS-KWEZ
Scotty is the Andruw Jones of second basemen playing center field
Don’t 👏 run👏on👏JT👏
Roses are red I like Jay Bruce He is the new guy Who hits like Babe Ruth
Is Jackass Joe Simpson working tonight? The pro cancer guy
I’ve always wondered why fans go in other teams subs
These barve fans sure do like to cheer for routine fly balls
2 runs in his last 20 innings Who the fuck is this guy??
He’s an average player at best who makes incredibly stupid plays at times
Tommy Hunter is still alive!
🤘🤘
Attack him Vince! Fuckin right!
Fuckin fuck
Never seen a guy second guessed in hindsight more than Gabe
For you fans of baseball in general: There have been seven cycles by DH’s in MLB history. One of them was yesterday and one of them was today.
Uhhhhhhhh while it’s happening?
Okay Sparky Anderson
At what point is a late run not an insurance run? Answer: when you’re not putting Jose Alvarez in the game
Well we have to be able to get Hector in his comfort zone by getting the tying run to the plate so this makes it easier
Imagine someone ever hoping for Morgan’s return anytime over the previous three seasons lol
High quality tweet right here
Hmmm you might be on to some sort of nickname for Hector
Jerry Blevins sounds like a guy who’d play the father of a Kevin James character
That was an interesting decision And Donaldson made a good play to save a run
It would be great if Hector could finish this in a reasonable amount of time after that disaster of a half inning
Lmao fuck off
WIN THIS FUCKING GAME! LETS GO!!
Holy shit it’s his first blown save of the year! DFA him immediately! You’re an idiot.
This is everything I want in a not really famous post - people think he’s a star - He’s about a foot shorter than Kawhi - why would he even wearing a uniform in the street
When I find out this could help skip Vince in the rotation https://giphy.com/gifs/retro-thumbs-up-XreQmk7ETCak0
https://twitter.com/kaplersbrain
If this game gets delayed there is a 155% chance that Kruk will be drunk when they come back
That inning had all the feels of Nicasio getting shellacked and we come out of it down 8-0. Esp since Fat Adams was up and I feel like he always kills us. Nice job Juan.
/r/madlads
Ok nevermind
Does anyone think we might threaten to score in the ninth? Me neither
If there’s one thing the Phils are great at its making sure there are no bandwagon fans
Three up three down or load the bases and leave them all on base?
Well beside that not being the point, no one dies while traveling?
When I go looking for rock reviews I always go to Wall Street Journal
Not sure if you’re aware but balls are allowed to leave the field in fair territory too
You gotta be fucking kidding me if you’re defending how this lineup has performed
&gt; The offense seems fine Are you dense? Lol
Can you at least wait til the 8th inning for this shit like the rest of us?
Lol no you didn’t. Just stop dumbass.
You’re legit trolling at this point. Kudos. You got me.
It’s like last August til the end of the season when the team legit quit
Bryce sprints to first on a tapper to the pitcher lmao
Hey man I told you to wait til the 8th lmao
The worst part of this game is that even after Nola is 7.1 with 1ER so far his era is still 4.58
Did you know that all managers today are statistics wizards?
Well tbf that’s a hit with RISP
Moustakas just hit his 22nd And he’s on a one year deal AGAIN But we were good with Maik lmao
Can we please get this shit outta here?
The Yankees have 24 straight with a home run and a home run right now would legit give me a heart attack. The tale of two teams.
You’d never get out
Holy Christ are you serious?
FUCK YEAH GABRIEL!!!
Vince once again building false expectations for us And we never learn :(
He got hit by the pitch
I absolutely believe Bryce is running into outs so he gives a good impression of hustling to the fans. Even when he shouldn’t be.
This game is flying by and I love it
Does Tmac not know there were none out? If he turned two it’s a tie game. This is the best outcome with a dp situation in play.
Last six games: Gabriel completes the game: 0-5 Gabriel doesn’t complete the game: 0-1
It will be so awesome when we come back and win this game Lmao I can’t type that with a straight face
But he hustled!!! In completely unrelated news Manny hit #16 today
Imagine not
You can’t predict injuries Also teams can trade prospects Manny is better than Bryce
At the plate
Lol maybe you forget how fucking terrible this team was in 2017
That’s all he was ever gonna do. Zero point in sending him home.
Roman triple time
Lmfao those look like golf shoes Where’s Tiger?
Great job by Roman making this scrub throw wild without any influence
Ill buy your jersey if that happens
Now I was one of the people last year saying Kingery got moved up too early and was going to be good but... Is he juicing? lol
Yeah that’s why I was pro Kingery last year when most were “oh look it’s 0-2 before he gets to the plate” Let’s not pretend that we thought he’d have a 1.008 ops in late June
Is it too much to ask Bryce to hit .270? Hey at least he’s hustling am I right
Well tbf its better than “3 outs to pick up the Phils second win in 9 games!”
Which runner gets on to bring the tying run up? I love hector but that’s a given
Yes that’s what he’s referring to good catch
Love JRoll defending Cesar. I’d guess a handful in here don’t know the shit Jimmy took for dogging plays. End of the day fuck all that Jimmy is a legend and a champ.
Does it really matter? Actually yes bc we want Roman as a PR potentially in the 9th
Cano just was fortunate to not play in the NL his whole career or he’d be a career .223 hitter /s
I recall some morons complaining about Hector after the Dodgers game. Hector is an all star.
Rally caps mother fuckers
I fucking HATE how all these young Phils pitchers strike a guy out and immediately swagger towards third. Pivetta did it last year and this year and I see it more and more. Suarez just did it. Can one of these fucking guys actually put a half season together first?
If you think any major leaguer is late on Sergio romo then you’re clueless. This sub is full of morons.
No trust me there are plenty including yourself. I happen to not spout dumb shit like this so you can leave me outta your group dipshit.
Come back? I’m right here dummy. Could you be any more stupid?
Bamboo best power forward in baseball
Jake is gonna be pissed that there’s no one to be pissed at today *so far
It would cut attendance by 20%
The embarrassing Marlins who have won this series :(
So what’s the point? They’re apparently flush with cash so why the hell wouldn’t they be going for it these next two years?
Dress up as Gritty and the Phanatic
&gt; not great at all Ok
I’d be okay with the team being worse if it meant blasting Odubel into the sun.
Phil Cuzzi is furious!
That’s incredible. What a great group of leaders at that school.
So there’s no doubt we are a fucked up dysfunctional franchise. That said I’m so glad in the midst of all of the bullshit going on in mlb that we love a franchise that doesn’t make us root for shitty people.
Largest contract in twins history wut lol
Teachers unions are good? Tenure is maybe the worst concept in the history of jobs.
Lol the guy is security and sleeping for an hour and a half I’m guessing he doesn’t give a fuck about doing a good job
Not that there’s anything wrong with that
Correct. It wasn’t any deeper than that.
And here I am wondering how it happened in the first place since everyone knew she was a piece of shit all along
Lot of hype thrown on the backs of Cutch and Didi. Because the other 7 were in place most of last year and it wasn’t all that great.
I’ve been having some really nagging soreness in the bottom of my heel and I can’t shake it. The funny thing is I have very little pain when i run but he next day it hurts like hell until I walk around and loosen up. Sit down and it tightens up again. I’m not one to rest over every little pain, especially when it doesn’t really affect my run but it’s such a pain in the ass the next morning every time. I don’t have any unusual pain anywhere else. Has anyone experienced this?
Thanks. I suppose I’ve been pretty fortunate thru the years to not have these types of challenges. Most times I can slow down my workouts and in a week or two I can work through most everything. I guess I’ll have to take this on a little differently.
Thanks. I foam roll when I go thru these sorts of things so that will help. Of course I’d be smarter and less lazy if I did it all the time
