I will never understand people like you. I can understand a monarchist, even if I disagree with their fundamental premise. three centuries ago we searched long and hard for a protestant relative to be a figurehead king, and thus we now have the queen from that bloodline of obscure german princes. But you guys? you want a monarchy, but then want to choose the next monarch based on popularity like it's some sort of bizarrely restrictive reality tv show? Why not just open it to the public and have an X-factor style auditioning scheme.
Like the queen does anything. Her entire gig is to not do anything other than cut ribbons and speak nice sounding nonsense, so that no one gets annoyed at her. You could just as easily replace her with the flag or something if you want people to have an external figurehead to the government to feel lesser to.
I mean, he was in the construction business... But yeah, all government projects are hard, doesn't mean that the government doesn't have the resources to do it.
We aren't the holy roman empire. Are you suggesting that we should change our constitution, but specifically with the goal to become like a feudal state?
&gt; enacting an elector system for the monarch and implementing feudalism aren't liked. think about that for a second. Isolate the concepts in your mind and see how they are not dependent on one another. I didn't say we'd enact feudalism, I'd say we'd become like a feudal state, ie the holy roman empire. I was questioning specifically changing the constitution, but for some halfway house &gt;The purpose of my post was to highlight how misleading it is to say that if you want to choose your monarch that is some symptom of a world in which reality tv exists I didn't say that it was a symptom of reality tv. I said it seemed like some sort of bizarre reality tv show. &gt;when in fact the concept of elective monarchy has plenty of historical precedent. It doesn't in modern UK history - and it's certainly not been a popularity contest &gt;anyhoo we don't need to implement that becasue he can just abdicate. We have a process for that already. Constitutional change is unneeded. Nah mate, it's his by divine right, you don't have any say. Because his mummy was related to the little side note saying george the first on this tree https://www.britroyals.com/stuarttree.asp . The monarchy is not a popularity contest. It is either an institution guiding the united kingdom by the will of a protestant god, or it is a pointless historical leftover.
Yeah all the need to do is get a gun and start shooting on a packed tube station at commuting time, 10s + dead from one guy very easily.
&gt;Not making the cut while also surviving should be the norm for anyone not good enough It is?
they had radios. This isn't a case of leaving them on a hill to die. They pushed themselves beyond their limits, because they wanted to succeed.
do you think men get pulled over at dramatically higher rates than women? Is that sexist, or reflective of the truth you just stated?
No. I don't think anyone wants that. Saying that training by it's nature has to push soldiers to the limit, and hence rely on them giving up for it to not be dangerous, does not mean that them dying is the desired norm.
Imagine if we had a white community refusing to be policed by black police officers...
But are you being shafted, or are you loosing the subsidy given to you by all the non rail using people?
Are you Joking? http://www.autoexpress.co.uk/car-news/consumer-news/89224/only-a-quarter-of-car-tax-is-spent-on-roads http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-19914219 i'm sure the figures have changed somewhat over the past few years, but still: ~40% of the rail network cost funded by the government (ie paid for by taxpayers, majority of whom aren't regular rail users), Vehicle and fuel taxes take in ~4 times more than the cost of road maintenance. Cars are absolutely not subsidized - they are in fact penalized dramatically. Which is fine, but you can't go around pretending it's the other way around.
&gt;A state owned railway would be cheaper. For you, not for everyone who then has to pay subsidies so you aren't outraged at how 'unfair' prices are.
The average price rise was 2.3% or something right? Their must clearly be some rail services which had no change or reduction to get to that average, to balance out the above one. Does that mean the rail companies decided to give those particular customers a New year gift and screw over the users of the 23% line, or does that mean that in a broad spectrum of products some costs will go down and some will go up and there will always be outliers with specific circumstances? As it happens I suspect one of two things happened: -Rail usage on the service was at capacity, so they added extra trains with extra staff. This will need to recovered from a similar number of passengers, so tickets go up. In particular Tickets would go up dramatically if there were only 4 trains and then it went to 5 for example. -Historically this line was under priced compared to other lines, so they've brought it back into other services
&gt;Pollution Doubt the pollution from cars is £20bn worth &gt;maintaining all those little used roads already included &gt;deaths through dangerous driving &lt;2000 die a year on the roads. If you value each person at £1million (very generous, given NICE goes for up to £30k per Quality adjusted life year at the very maximum) that gets you up to £2bn - 10% of the money left over after road maintenance. Incidentally, the vast majority of those deaths are from car/motorbike occupants - seems perverse to include their deaths as an implicit subsidy paid for by everyone else.
The entire policing budget (ie every police officer) is less than half the value left over after road maintenance. You're talking about peanuts compared to the value of road/fuel tax.
You're quoting the marginal cost increase (pg 59 first table) From a full allocation cost you can see the ratio is infact .99 to 2 on the very same table. IE Road users as a whole aren't underpaying - and are in fact likely overpaying, however the revenues of a marginal vehicle (in this papers opinion) aren't sufficient to cover the extra cost of marginal increase in vehicle usage In this very same table we can see that the vast majority of this extra marginal cost is "congestion" (~65%). Another significant cost is "Accidents". The vast majority of these marginal impact are felt against road users, so it seems perverse to take this paper and try to claim road users as a whole are underpaying for their externalized costs by taking into account their external costs against other road users. Now this paper might be interesting from a point of view of efficient allocation of funds and taxation to improve transportation. But what it is not is evidence that road users are underpaying for their external costs.
The excel file only has £1.1bn/yr estimated. Of that £470m is a "Offsetting capital costs associated with field decommissioning" - which to me seems pretty benign and not a subsidy. The business is spending money on a cost of doing business, don't see why that money should be taxed as if it was take home profit pay for the shareholders. the second biggest item, "Field Allowance ($1.68 billion over 5-year period)" is an allowance for a field to pay the normal rate of corporation tax, rather than 62% for normal fields. Again this seems fairly benign and not a subsidy, just a reduction in taxation for marginal fields to what a normal company would pay. This weighs in at £336m/yr the next item "PRT Oil Allowance" comes in at £119m/yr - and appears to be an exemption for pre-existing fields from a oil field specific tax that came in after they received planning commission. Again this seems fairly benign, but also a reduction in an extra tax applied specifically to oil platforms not a subsidy Another major cost at £76m [Fossil fuel R&amp;D](http://stats.oecd.org/BrandedView.aspx?oecd_bv_id=enetech-data-en&amp;doi=data-00488-en#), appears on closer examination to be mostly CCS based. Sure it's fossil fuel based, but it's specifically research aimed at zero or even negative in the case of sequestering Carbon emission fossil fuel. TBH I can't be arsed to investigate the others but I assume they're all similarly bollocks.
&gt;See how your office runs without a janitor for a week and then let me know A new one is hired in 2 hours to do the exact same job. Every functioning adult can do the job of a janitor. Whereas there's very few people who can feasibly do a CEO's job, let alone do it well.
&gt;The fact my working class background means that they don't want to employ me because of thing like my posture and general "attitude" to the world (friendly and jokey) Oh dear...
The CEO isn't some super labourer. He is the strategic guy, that with other highly paid directors decides things like "do we spend £10bn in market A or B" or "When can we factor in a price rise, given recent government announcements and policy". Any monkey can see that you want someone with unique intelligence and ability making the final call on stuff like that. Valuing the CEO in terms of labour is as ridiculous as measuring the value of the human brain by how many KGs it can lift. Answer: 0, but that's not the fucking purpose of the brain.
&gt;If the CEO of McDonalds decides to introduce a new pork sandwich by saying it out loud while he takes a shit nothing will happen. If the human brain decides to stand up, it cannot do so if it is floating in a jar with no body. Therefore we should not value the human brain too much more than a sliver of muscle that makes up our body workforce.
open competition, just like any extremely unique and public job. But it's not like the CEO worth can't be assessed lets take the most extreme example I can find: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dara_Khosrowshahi CEO with a salary of $96.4m dollars.. yet he's managing a company with $5.7bn in revenues, that made ~$6bn acquisitions in 2015 and a market capitalization of $17bn.... you don't think even he could easily make or lose multiples of his salary? And he's an extreme outlier of CEOs with a massive salary and a relatively small company. Goldman sachs CEO made $23m in 2015, if he makes a good/bad decision you're talking small European countries budget worth of gains/losses
I also work in the industry, and actually quite a few people think the government was too slow to cut solar subsidies in the face of falling solar costs. We're overbudget by billions/yr (ie the toories have committed us to more renewable spending than we had set out originally), and a lot of that is tied up in a small amount of capacity getting many times the subsidy of what we'd pay now. [Source: the NAO](https://www.nao.org.uk/report/controlling-the-consumer-funded-costs-of-energy-policies-the-levy-control-framework/)
&gt;Only 64,000 dead people are above the threshold to pay inheritance tax out of the 600,000 people who die each year. So not many people. Do you think that's possibly because many people are planning around inheritance tax?
there's less money for investment in the medium term, because the annual chunk of money from consumer bills that was planned for renewable subsidies has already been overspent. A significant proportion of that money is going to capacity which was built earlier on, and hence had very high subsidies - eg we the consumer got less renewable per £ than we could have got. Given the capital cost of solar panels going down had diddly squat to do with UK policy (it's driven by chinese manufacturing and global advances in the field), this was overall a waste of money - we didn't get anyhting for it, other than less renewables than we could have got.
You should emigrate to Poland then before the UK leaves the EU.
It wasn't forced. They could have always decided to not take the money if they didn't like the conditions attached.
I thought this sub disdained direct democracy and referendums? Anyway it was their politicians that they elected that made that decision. Not the german government or the IMF etc.
But maybe not a 22 year criminal, perhaps? Oh well, I'm not going to be the one who has to pay for a remote stealer to stay in prison for decades, it's the american taxpayer. Have fun with that!
He was presumably already sentenced for those things separately
yes, obviously. The point is that that is clearly gone too far, if you can get 22 years for a remote.
I don't see anything in the article saying he got convicted on these supposed robberies.
That's not what the article says, do you have a source that he was additionally found guilty of new offences? &gt;A DNA sample from the glove matched with Bramwell’s DNA on the state’s database of convicted felons, as reported by the Chicago Tribune. EG he was found to be an existing felon (not in dispute), nt that that he was linked and conivcted of new crimes aside from the remote stealing.
How so? If your income after necessary costs of living comes to 10% of your gross wage, then a 30% income tax hits you much harder than someone for whom the figures is 70%. It's a more complex concept, in that you need to define living costs and how they change for different people etc. But I wouldn't say it's inherently unfair.
Sure, I can get with that. But I think any taxation/spend policy will be dangerous in that regards. You will always have winners and losers. National policy will always be bad at taking into account individual circumstances.
Who weren't noted for their lack of willingness to attack Trump.
Is that value inclusive of whatever taxes would need to be paid on the index fund to make it liquid?
Your issue with overpopulation is presumably linked to resource consumption correct, rather than you just hate people? You need to factor in whatever resource/head it is that you're worried about into the equation. [For example if it's CO2 emissions, then the picture is rather different](http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/EN.ATM.CO2E.PC?locations=EU-ZG-US-JP-CN)
Because the child (and therefore decades of child payments) is his in the eyes of the law. I don't see how being forced to be a father against your will is anything but.
It's very rare that pregnancy results in physical complications. Additionally the woman can get an abortion, so she actually has the choice here. On the other hand, It's common for debt, ie child support the man is tricked into in this scenario, to harm someones health, both physical and mental. I wouldn't argue that it's worse for a man, but dismissing the impact is ridiculous.
That comes with less resource consumption, so less impact...
&gt;It's not only resource consumption in terms of energy per se. It's also water use, land use Most resources probably look the same TBH, apart from really basic stuff like calories eaten. &gt;Anyway, regarding energy you can clearly see from your own links that per capita energy use in EU has been declining for 30 years and it's still an order of magnitude above sub-saharan africa! &gt; and it's about to drop a lot, thanks to energy efficency measures and renewables You missed out the key thing: it's exported it's manufacturing to other countries. If you included the emissions from the net trade impact the EU wouldn't look so rosy and China wouldn't look so bad. &gt;(BTW... when the fuck is US going to start doing anything about their unreal energy waste???) agree, they really are doing badly - especially once you take into account trade deficits. &gt;On the other side look at what happens in your graph with china. As soon as well being arrives energy consumption booms to levels comparable if not higher than EU. That's why you need to plan ahead. Also because, as EU shows, dropping fertility rates results in population decrease 50 years later. You need a China-style approach if you want to avoid a demographic disaster in some countries (I don't know why a former user wrote "brown people". That I know of, the biggest problems are in some african countries and in some asian ones) On the other hand, later population comes with better technology and lower emissions per head in that country. The third world won't start reaching energy parity with the first world for the better part of a century - by that point we'll have either cracked low carbon lifestyles so it won't matter so much or we're all fucked anyways. Obviously more population = higher carbon emissions, but it's clear that there's far more to tackle in the developed world than elsewhere. Especially when you take into account trade deficits.
Can you name all the geographical features near you? I can't..
Why is this a problem? it's a semi regular occurrence that some unfortunate gets photoed whilst carrying uncovered documents outside N10. I've never heard anyone, even the politicians concerned, say it should be illegal... and this is the United 'Fuck your free speech and bend over to the government' Kingdom.. if the documents shouldn't be seen by a journalist, that's on the official not the people taking photos.. The job of the journalist is to find all potentially relevant information whilst reporting. There's no obligation I've ever heard of to not review information someone didn't mean to give you. I mean it'd be different if she'd got the documents by stealing them or by breaking into his house. By she didn't - the dude just left them lying face up and unattended, in one of the highest journalist per square meter locations in the world. Edit: everyone who now apparently has a problem with a journalist not playing nice with the establishment, can you honestly say you'd hold the the same position if it was hillary and someone from breitbart?
how is this unethical and improper journalism? If an official accidentally presents information to a journalist through incompetence, is there some moral obligation for the journalist to ignore the information?
Well he left the papers face up on a desk in a room filled with journalists. Sure he didn't intentionally present this information, but she didn't exactly have to work hard to get that information. EG say there is a journalist called J Bloggs and an official named J Bloggs. Another official J Doe sends an email marked 'Highly confidential security checked eyes only etc etc' to J bloggs, but accidently chooses the journalist. Are we really going to condemn the journalist for looking at the contents of that email? &gt;However, I can understand the argument that could be made that it's unethical to be shady and underhanded in your acquisition of informatin. I think there needs to be an understanding that journalists aren't there too parrot official lines. We shouldn't criticize the media for fawning over clinton, but then expect the same behavior for Trump. The official made a mistake and left the documents open to the public; she did nothing shady.
&gt;It's not my fault that this person left their purse on their chair for a moment while they ran over to get a napkin from the counter and her money and cell phone and credit cards found their way into my pockets. She didn't steal anything. She looked at a document lying face up on a table, in a public place. And then took some pictures. Wake up, you're in a circle jerk. look I'll put it into real simple context for you. Say Clinton some other person you think is corrupt left documents lying face up in a public place. Would you disagree with a journalist, from say breitbart, looking at those documents?
&gt;This happened in congress, and she was sneaking pics of a document belonging to our future Secretary of State Congress is where you most want the scrutiny of the press. &gt;There could be state secrets on that page If so she's no more to blame than if he had accidentally forwarded the state secrets to her... or if she'd read it online after he stored state secrets on an unsecured server. &gt;If you can't behave ethically in this situation you haven't described behaving ethically; unless you take it to mean Kowtowing to the government now that Trump is in charge. &gt;Career over. So sad. she might get invited to less press conferences to get drip fed meaningless drivel from spokespeople I suppose. But then thats not real journalism, as we were all so keen to point out when the other lot where in charge.
Does this mean it's unethical for someone with perfect memory to look at documents lying face up? What if the secretary of state sends something by accident to a journalist by email, is it 'unethical' to read it? &gt;especially if the owner of said documents wouldn't disclose their content otherwise. the point of journalism is to publish things someone doesn't want publish and to hold power to account. The way to do that is not to not take the opportunity to see what they really are doing/think.
Does this expectation cover: journalists will not look at potentially interesting documents left lying around? Because I've never heard of this convention. I thought the purpose of journalists was to investigate, not to regurgitate press releases and ask softball questions. At least it was up until November, I wonder what changed then...
The 'always be subservient to MY tribe of politicians' law.
Not even like Snowden, she looked at some documents left face up in a public place for christ sake. Hell if congress is anything like N10 downing street half a dozen high spec cameras had probably already snapped the notes from a distance.
listening to people make rehearsed speeches in a room filled with cameras isn't real journalism, as everyone was all too keen to point out before the election. But yeah if she wants a job transcribing someone's prepackaged talking points then this might not be a step up.
They could have also chosen the context of hours worked, workplace accidents, unsociable hours worked, experience/time taken off, pay gaps accounting for different fields etc. Context can come from many angles; choosing only one side to portray as 'context' betrays bias.
And how many of those unreported incidents are people taking offence at stuff they disagree with?
They are details which specifically could be taken to explain or mitigate a pay gap. EG we can say that men in their 30s onwards earn more per hour. But if we can show that they typically have X% more experience, work in full time roles more, work in dangerous/highly paid commercial roles.. then that puts context on the apparent disparity.
Genuine question: Why isn't that an option in the current legal framework? I mean obviously people do it anyway, especially on busy dangerous roads...
Could they have just left it at "Yes he's right, here are some ONS stats"? If so, then they chose a narrative to add to their fact checking by including a particular piece of context. I can't see how the wage gap accounting for experience/profession isn't context in any reasonable definition of the word context. [It's even in the defintions of the word: "the set of circumstances or facts that surround a particular event, situation, etc."](http://www.dictionary.com/browse/context)
Answer the question genius. Or have you realized how ideologically blinded you've become but want to shut out that uncomfortable feeling.
More unsuitable than roads are for bikes though?
Add two orders of magnitude to that headline, and have it happen every couple of years. That's what happens without the thames barrier
It's even better than that. The stats work out that the subsistence farmer/new born baby is better off than billions of people. Why? Because those billions of people (including students in the best countries in the world) have liabilities and are too young to have built up wealth. In fact if you got the exact 1.XXbn of people to get 0 net wealth, the African substance farmer would be infinity times more wealthy than those billions of people. Burn the rich, hang the Kulak! This stat is absolutely useless and is a shameful example in massaging statistics to push your view.
There's always been untold poverty and misery in the world. Only one system, Global open Capitalist democracy, has consistently achieved improvement for the very poorest in the world. &gt; All advanced economies are prepping for converging crises with mass surveillance programs Not really a problem with capitalism, as I'm sure the residents of east Germany can tell you. &gt;The ultra-rich are now going to start pulling away not just in material wealth, but in life extensions and body/mind upgrades Again, not a problem in of itself.
&gt;You must be forgetting the anti-capitalist Soviet Union, which went from backwards medieval to global military space racer in a single generation. Bit like saying North Korea is a success because it can build nukes. &gt;What the commies and capitalists had in common was an abundant, cheap, versatile, extremely capable finite fuel called OIL. TIL every capitalist nation has Oil.
Ok, but by that metric the socialist nations still failed to use the resource as efficiently.
It's a series of binary decisions. Either Britain stays in the EU/stays in all but name (EEA option), or it doesn't. There's no 50% in, 50% out. The compromise is we're out but we'll maintain good relations, cooperation and rights for EU/UK citizens.
Other EU members (or even regions, in the case of Belgium) have a veto.
If you divy up half the soft brexit support to Hard Brexit and half to No brexit (eg binary choice between hard and no brexit), then it's over 50%. I personally think this is generous to you, as the soft brexit group in this graph leans to the harder soft brexit option. Hard and soft brexit together come to 64%. Of the remaining 36% only 23% actually have an opinion against brexit. Less than 1/4 of the population wants to remain in the EU. let that sink in; those who want to overturn the referendum represent less than 1/4 of the population. Hard brexit is a minority in this graph, because there are 5 different categories. it's like claiming there isn't support for an ideology by only looking at one party espousing that ideology in a 5 horse race. We can ask people to fill out 20 different categories of preferences and ascertain that the hardest of hard brexits only has 5% if we want, it doesn't magically make it so that the Uk doesn't lean towards hard brexit depending on what terms the EU offers.
Most remain voters are so for economic concerns, not any love for the EU. I'd bet the position of a lot of them (and those in favour of soft brexit) depends on the conditions imposed by the EU in return for soft brexit.
&gt; On top of that the parliamentary accountability on offer is a joke. Parliament has no practical recourse to reject the deal, or oversee it properly, without leaving the country in a worse position. How, exactly, would it not be a joke? Should parliament take a vote at every stage of the negotiations?
How much of the "Decisions about the UK should be taken in the UK" concern immigration though? It's a wide ranging principle but I'd wager the majority of those people would bring up immigration as their first point
TBH I think that would be even worse than WTO no deal Brexit. We're in a situation where: The EU has been inflexible and has given us such a bad deal that we would rather stop the whole process - now everyone has soured their opinion of the EU Parliament has stopped A50 rather than exit according to the referendum/at least a plurality from hard brexit supporters The EU, already annoyed at our instability, is now even more annoyed as we cause more uncertainty for the EU project whilst being unable to even come to an internal position. Even if the EU let us stop the A50 on a vote by parliament (I think unlikely), we'd be in a volatile scenario. I'd give it a few years at most untill a hardcore brexit party steps over the MPs who voted against their constituents and do a hard brexit anyway. In the meantime we face years of instability and arguing between us and the EU.
£20.25m a year doesn't sound like the biggest deal in the world - thats like 12quid a year a person, before you take into account RUK subsidies.
I think that fundamentally the realities of negotiating treaties and it particular A50's tight timelines means that Parliament just has to accept a Yes no role at the end of the day. Ultimately if they think that a total brexit is better than what the EU is offering, then they can chose to do the former. But anyway I start from the position that the democratic mandate is there, is clear as is possible for such a complex thing, it's down to the government to get the best deal possible.
&gt;If 39% supported it then 61% did not, regardless of the combinations of groups therein This is not factual. It means hard brexit is not the top preference of 61%, not that they wouldn't support it. &gt;So pray tell, am I your convenient strawman, or is it that you are insecure? You tell me, I'm not the one trying to magic support for brexit in name only from this poll.
I suspect most US presidents will have death tolls comparable or far higher
National grid isn't owned by the government currently, hasn't been for decades...
It's regulated to high heaven; the charges are set by industry and regulator reviewed cost models and the infrastructure requirements are set based on capacity required. They can't overcharge vs their costs (and if they do they'll not only have regulators but also the big six and the distribution network owners breathing down their backs - big corporates don't like paying over the odds). If they don't invest sufficiently and the network becomes unsafe then they will lose their transmission owner license. Anyway more to the point this infrastructure has been privatized for decades, this is a change of private owner not a sale form public to private.
FYI: National grid has been privately owned for decades. This isn't a government sale to the private sector.
http://investors.morningstar.com/ownership/shareholders-major.html?t=NGGTF I see a lot of american/international funds in this list of shareholders, I don't think the picture is fundamentally different from yesterday. We could prevent foreigners from investing in the UK, but I'm not sure this is a good idea..
Obama - continuing Iraq/Afghanistan, libya, at least some responsibility on syria/fall out in general from Arab Spring, however many from the drone program (no one knows, but it's known to be 1000+ in multiple countries) Reagan/carter easily from funding the war in Afghanistan against the soviet union. Any of the presidents involved with Vietnam obviously Any of the presidents involved with WW2/Korea obviously I'm not going to put numbers on these because frankly it's impossible to allocate blame to a US president precisely like you've done with the iraq war. For one thing you need to take into account what the cost of doing nothing is; should Obama take the Libyan civil war deaths, or should they be offset by the deaths otherwise caused by the regime? What about the deaths down the line from the migrant crisis/spreading civil wars caused by the toppling of the regime? Likewise but in reverse, how do we account for the deaths from Syria from Obamas limited intervention? How do we account for deaths caused by enemy action against third parties, rather than direct combat involving US forces/Us allied forces? However I think it's likely all the presidents listed above have been directly involved in events that have killed 100s of thousands. HW bush (Gulf war was surprisingly small) and Clinton probably weigh in at less than 100k each though.
I don't think you understand how regulated to high heaven this part of the industry is; they can't just decide to not build pipes and sit on their arses. For one thing that would directly destroy their profit (the allowed profits will be built out of Capital employed, ie value of assets- invest more = more money, invest nothing and watch your profits depreciate with asset value). For another thing there's a host of requirements to do with safety and capacity that they need to meet. If gas can't get around the system because they don't invest, they will not retain their license - Do you think the government would ever sign up to a scenario where a private company can decide if there enough capacity for people get gas into their homes? There would be a revolution.. their prices are also approved/set if nescessary by a regulator. Even If the regulator/dno fucks up (has happened) then you've got the big six agitating (has happened), because now they as suppliers have to pay more and they really don't like that.
A: because it's a steady risk free return on assets invested in a safe liberal rule based market. In this way it's much like a government bond; you're not going to make a killing B: Because they think they can run it for cheaper than the government/regulator/industry can and pocket the difference. You might as well ask why bother purchasing any company. &gt;Nationalization is much superior to privatization+regulation because then the returns go to the government. who then have to pay for maintaining and expanding the network. Anyway gas distribution has been privatized for decades and the sky hasn't fallen. If anything they've built too much network capacity given stagnation of gas demand.
I don't think the senior remain politicians have come out saying that now they're all for leave. They've merely come to accept that the largest democratic exercise in Britain's history returned a result for leave, and that their job is to now deliver that with the best possible platform. &gt;What does that do to the credibility of the British political class? They held a referendum, and listened to the will of the people even if it wasn't the answer that they wanted. Must be shocking for a European to conceive of such a thing I know, the decent thing would be to ask again and again untill people get disenfranchised sufficiently that you get the answer you want.
Unless you think politicians abiding by a referendum they called is insane, then I can't see how you got to that conclusion.
Given the trade deficit in the rest of the EU's favour, I question that.
I get that, but at the same it is also true that the EU stands to gain overall economically from retaining the single market without free movement - especially if some movement still exists but is capped. It might retain more benefit from a single market including freedom of movement scenario, but that's not going to happen. The reason why the EU isn't likely to offer such a thing is because that would endanger the european project. Not because the EU won't benefit from frictionless trade with the UK, with or with out unlimited freedom of movement.
I'm guessing the reason that there isn't a single market with India has also to do with massive undercutting of EU industry and extremely divergent regulatory standards. &gt;Btw., it is an incredible odd argument to come from the U.K., which had always lobbied for FoM and had despite having the option not capped immigration for EE for the first decade of their integration. Unlike Germany for instance. I suppose just like Germany recently, we're not immune to politicians being over enthusiastic in the application of their ideals.
I don't get it.. If you're consistently wrong then people might think of you, but the serious people who pay you money to do shit aren't going to be happy. I suppose they might have more accurate polling for private consumption, but it still doesn't seem good advertising for new customers.
Censorship being concerning and legally ok to do are not exclusive in this case.
&gt;He donated money and in return got a position of power. Your missing the "to enemies of Trump" from your sentence.
What's your view on FPTP, from a party and national perspective?
&gt;Actually the law can be changEd to act retrospectively. meaning all contracts are subject to it. Bear in mind the ramifications are like wtf don't do that. but parliament is supreme and it's the courts who interpret the law based directly on what parliament writes. It can't if the UK ever wishes to attract investment or buyers for government bonds. What if the government decides like it doesn't feel like paying back bonds, or that it feels like applying a retrospective 10% corporation tax on 10 years back? It's like saying the UK parliament can declare pi to be 3. It can, doesn't mean it ever practically will.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shy_Tory_Factor
[There's something like 40 energy suppliers I think now - theres a lot more here but many of these are subsidiaries of other suppliers](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications-and-updates/list-all-electricity-licensees-registered-or-service-addresses). There's several, probably 10's of price comparison websites where you can compare without any real hassle. Even from the big six, there are several more competitive rates freely available to the public and advertised on the comparison websites/on freaking google searches. If you find it difficult to switch, it is because you do not invest time into researching the best deal. WHich is fine and the same as any other industry. If I just go to a random car dealer and do not shop around, I might pay more. If I grab fancy brands of food, I will pay more than someone grabbing Tesco saver branded food. if I get my fuel from a motorway petrol station, I will pay more.
By dint of appearing in comparison websites, all of them? go to www.uswitch.com, enter in your post code, get 40 suppliers offering deals. Get the one which is doing a loss making deal in the hopes that you stay with them afterwards, rince and repeat every year, ~£200/yr saved for the typical household for like an hours work max. Why then are most people on more expensive tariffs? The same reason that I paid the asking price for repairing my shoes, I can't be fucked to haggle over every single thing in life, £200/yr is nothing to most people.
No there's a price you pay to win a customer, and a price that a customer pays if they don't look. Should every other industry be regulated to ensure everyone pays the same price regardless of whether they shop around?
It's a not a natural monopoly you muppet, I've demonstrated this
Guess the supermarket sector isn't a real market then, all it is is people reselling stuff.
Mate if today I can switch to one of 40 suppliers all independent from each other and all competing, than that is not a monopoly by any sane definition of the word. &gt;You've just insisted that a situation with one supplier that people are mandated to use or go to prison isn't a monopoly. This doesn't happen, except maybe if you're in debt. I think you'll find most industries are pretty restrictive on the movements of people who are in debt, it's almost as if not paying for stuff has consequences.
Which business owns them?
Energy isn't centrally procured except for imbalance - your supplier buys from independent generators (or their own generation), just as a supermarket resells from different suppliers &gt;All the supplier does is buy futures and sell them back to you each year catching out anyone who doesn't switch. They add no value what so ever. The distributors could easily take over the role and piss much less money up the wall. Distributors still use fax machines, I'd be wary of suggesting that they could take over the supply market which is actually pretty complicated. What if you want to pay more for green energy from companies like Ecotricity/good energy that actually funnel their profits into renewables? What if you're tight on cash, but not in poverty - what actions do you have available to you to reduce your bill other than reducing your consumption, without saver deals available to savvy consumers? Why is it fair that somone who wants to reduce their bill can't, just so that they don't pay less than someone who doesn't care enough to search? What if you're a student who's willing to pay extra for a seamless service divvying up all the house's bills like with Glide? What if you want a more complete home care package with boiler care etc like British Gas. What if a dno fucks up their customer service, how long do you have to wait until the government awards the region to someone more competent, vs same day switching to more competent suppliers that we have now? 2 years? 5 years? There are tons of different energy supplier models out there, and they have a purpose (or people wouldn't be signing up to them).
This is only meaningful if you discount supplier models (renewable focused vs service vs technology ease of use vs discount vs extras like boiler care etc) hedging strategy success (or lack thereof, see gb energy) The value of discount deals to those who need to reduce their bills the ability for competition to improve service in general (If everything was done by a governemnt/franchise system, how long do you think it would take to fix service issues? It's not like ) So yes, if you ignore everything that makes every supplier different then all suppliers are the same.
Why? What incentive does a government agency or franchise have to offer innovative products for specific market niches- are the customers going to switch away if they don't?
&gt;The supply all comes from the same place, the same power stations. Its the same service and same product no matter who the supplier is. It doesn't actually, it comes from different sources. Power is not centrally procured. &gt;Easily doable while nationalised. as yes the well known commercial ability of government? &gt;There are no discount deals. There are some people paying the right , rock bottom price and a lot of other people who are being gouged. If everyone paid the same rate, they would not be getting the discount deals. They'd be getting maybe a few 10s of quid below SVT &gt;Doesn't work because the same product is being provided from the same place. The only addition is extra price gouging. I've already explained different types of supplier models. If you don't chose to engage in the type of supplier you have, than that's your outlook. But they all offer different things, levels of service, ethos etc. To claim that Ecotricity/good energy are the same as British Gas is ludicrous. &gt;Some peple get slightly lower bills by being nimble and hunting around for whoever is gouging the least. This is a subsidy being paid to them by those who are less nimble at avoiding gouging By this logic, those who buy branded goods in supermarkets subsidise those who buy whitelabel goods. &gt;theres no need for it at all. I think it's a pretty good feature of the market that those who need it, but aren't poor enough to get government subsidy, can save.
Probably a bunch who thought "Well they've already got equal or better rights in almost every respect, it's not really a current priority to address", as a different emphasis on the question.
The taxpayer pays for them to keep everyone safe. If they don't have the nerve for what is an admittedly tough job, then they should consider another profession.
Northern Ireland is pretty small, the trade benefits aren't going to be that huge (~£5000/yr/NI person) to the UK. More to the point NI is permanently etched in peoples minds as "that place with all the crazy religious nutjobs who export dead soldiers and bombs". Even though it's not so bad now, the perception is poisoned by the past.
Some services don't need to be delivered lightening fast (eg do you really care if it takes 1 second rather than 0.1 seconds to load a newspage), some do (gaming, video streams etc) and some use so much that they slow down everyone else if you are forced to treat them equally as units of data rather than individual people. Some would argue that there's value in charging for guaranteed capacity- it gives incentives to the ISPs to build more capacity than they otherwise might (right now what's the incentive for them to increase speeds beyond a certain point?), it incentivises companies to innovate to reduce their peak usage and so the load on the area. It's not like this isn't a principle in all sorts of other places. You can buy first class stamps if the journey time of your package is important. You can in many regions get more secure energy capacity in networks by paying a premium. You can pay to get faster service in many areas, from theme parks to airports to getting official documents. Many pricing regimes have capacity at peak as well as usage charges. I can see how opaque charging and accusations of blackmailing would be worrying, but the general principle of charging people who want guaranteed service for faster/guaranteed service is not I think intrinsically bad. If it is then we've apparently got to overhaul most industries.
&gt;The postal service and the power grid are both public entities who can't play favorites Actually plenty of energy grids and postal services across the world are monopolies but also privately owned, doesn't stop people buying secure capacity or charged for peak usage in a fair manner, you just need sensible regulation. I don't think this is an intrinsic problem, it can easily be sorted out by light regulation with open blind auctions or something to that degree. Eg hold open auctions of data capacity at peak times in X state. It's an implementation problem of non net neutrality, not a hard and fast ideological problem. Compared to the reality of the current situation (a relative few users crush the loading times of everyone else without paying for it) I'd say it's a fairly minor hurdle.
Overriding an unelected chamber, partially filled by hereditary lords and CoE bishops of all things, is contempt towards our democracy?
I'd wager if we were talking about the lords delaying something you agreed with, you'd also have contempt for this particularly archaic part of the system. Anyways it's how governments get things through the lords since the early 20th century, how do you think they got the lords to step back so much from power.
1 (by appointment, got nothing against them standing in an election) is one too many.
low level managers gossiping on pricing for a few specific contracts? sure. Colluding on long term national production figures? Now that's a different beast. This would involve the very highest management/directors from 10s of companies agreeing to reduce production by 1000s of units a year. Additionally you'd need to be buying off potential new entrants. Now if you have any evidence that that is going on, feel free to pass it one to the CMA/police because that would be billion pound fines and jail sentences all round.
Are you a leave voter?
So.. you can't be a judge of what it feels like to admit that you're a leave voter?
[One of the bombings he dealt with.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Droppin_Well_bombing) I don't think it's unfair to say he was in a pretty bad situation.
Clegg was in government and battling FPTP, it's not fair to compare against someone in opposition with the second largest party.
do you imagine that he has a low approval rating for failing to approve paying for someone else's wall?
Mexico is looking like it will be economically attacked by Trump. Times of adversity often rally people to unity. Then again I know jack shit about mexico's politics, so maybe he is on his way out. If so I doubt his replacement will be any more open to the idea of bending over for Trump.
In a real way we have given a pass to RIRA. That's what the northern ireland peace agreement was. It's very easy to retrospectively pass peacetime ideals and judgements on those in that situation. I'd say his admission is on the very moderate end of the scale that people will descend to in such situations.
&gt;This is old hat argument brexit gonna happen anyway, but to get to the facts MP's never agreed to abide by it beyond campaign and manifesto pledges no words regarding implementation or abiding by the result appear in the EU referendum bill. In a dry legal sense maybe, but in reality that was not the case presented to the general public. This isn't some secondary school debate club where you win on meaningless semantics. The fact remains that the referndum was put forwards as binding to ~35m people who voted, saying "AH HA we never meant to actually listen to your voice unless you voted the way we wanted, and look technically we never passed a binding piece of legislation, it was all a lie bitches" would be far more damaging to the fabric of the nation than brexit could ever be.
There's no way it would have remained after the war - at best you'd have an earlier development of EU structures
Did he specifically say that the ban would extend to those who already have valid green cards and visas? Because I wouldn't have assumed so, typically when people talk about preventing immigration they don't include those who already have the right to enter.
Trump is already intending to start a trade war it looks like, so no biggie.
I bet an eagle or something stole food from a mongol warrior at some point
How could your comment not apply to Obama or corbyn, or indeed any politician posing as a change candidate?
first time I've seen Obama referred to as a president with substance - wasn't he one of the most disappointing presidents ever? How many people honestly believe in "yes we can" 8 years later?
Depends how you define 2 dimensional. If you take it to mean "It's physically impossible for something to be narrower" I suppose a particle that was only one planck length (smallest possible measurement in theory) in one dimension would fall under that definition. However measuring things at that scale is beyond our capabilities, so I don't believe we would know of their existence.
Yes. in the long run. I suppose corbyn could just not raise taxes or cut expenditure, in which case future generations will have to pay it
What investment/growth is coming with nationalization? Any investment would be extra to that cost.
&gt;but in the UK nothing is different, except for the weapon Pretty big difference if you ask me. I'd much rather have to deal with someone who has a knife than someone who has a gun. &gt;if the criminals do have guns, well the family is going to have no chance at all. Even the terrorists aren't getting their hands on guns easily in the UK, you think random dipshits burgling houses use guns?
https://www.quandl.com/data/FBI/WEAPONS11-US-Murders-by-Weapon-Type https://www.ons.gov.uk/aboutus/transparencyandgovernance/freedomofinformationfoi/knifecrime 1567 knife murders in the US vs 188 in the UK.. I'd say the US has roughly double the knife murder rate than the UK. Now obviously that's caveated: just homicides not wider statistics which may or may not be more relevant depending on your viewpoint, it's different years, you have to account for different demographics etc etc. It also might be simply indicative that it's significantly less likely that a fight involving knives is going to end up killing someone than one involving guns.
By inference, you'd preferred to be armed with a knife than a gun, because clearly the former is far more dangerous? I mean guess we need to call all the police units &amp; armies of the world, knives are obviously better than guns because they're more dangerous.... &gt;Even special forces will only hit a moving target at 10 meters 6/10 times under duress with a pistol fucking hell how many people are going to hit a moving target at 10 meters with a knife then if that's our metric for the deadliness of the weapon? Are all the london chavs with switchblades fucking expert knife throwers? and how many carry 15 or 30 or whatever knives to match the magazine capacity you happen to have with a pistol? 6/10 with 30 rounds = 18 hits. &gt;Knives are a different story. If you find yourself in a knife fight you are going to get cut. Just a matter of how bad. unless you run for it to the nearest busy street where 99% the criminal isn't going to continue the fight; Knives have this inherent flaw of being a melee weapon (outside of mystical chav knife throwers to bring back to your point about deadliness at 10m). plus they're much less likely to kill other people (would you rather be nearby a knife fight or a gun fight?) &gt; And in a knife fight the loser dies in an alley, the winner bleeds out in the ambulance. I suppose it's extremely rare for both sides to get hurt/killed in gun fights right? because everything is a movie and getting shot is instakill lights out, no chance for you to shoot back. Look I get you like your guns. There are plenty of valid arguments for keeping guns, such as it's too difficult to get rid of them now anyway, tradition, low violence nations with high (responsible) gun ownership etc etc. But this ridiculous posturing pretending knives are just as bad as guns is retarded, and deep down you know it. It just makes you look stupid to those who aren't ideologically wedded to the concept of giving guns to people.
I don't think thats conviction data, it's recorded crime data by police units (eg number of dead stabbed bodies they see). With some minor crimes these means many aren't reported, but I don't believe stabbed dead bodies are slipping through the cracks in the system often. Now self defense cases might get removed from that data but it doesn't appear to be significant give the scale of the disparity: https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/crimeandjustice/compendium/focusonviolentcrimeandsexualoffences/yearendingmarch2015/chapter2homicide 12 out of 530 cases in a year deemed not homicides (all causes) after half a year had passed. Give we're talking about an apparent double ratio for the US I don't think you have enough data to suggest that removing guns is like for like replaced by knife homicides.
Yes giving well off people shedloads of money they don't need is a bribe in both cases/ .
&gt;Guess what is also regressive that benefits wealthier students? High school have you got a source for that? The reason that free uni is regressive is because: 1. students are disp rich &amp; 2. it'll limit places which will mean privately educated students will likely take a far higher proportion of places &amp; 3. only graduates paid well over average pay significant amounts back under the current system. How does any of that map onto secondary school that is available for everyone and never had a student loan type scenario?
Places are available because universities get money. If students don't pay &amp; the government doesn't pay then places get cut obviously. If the government does pay, then it becomes a political football and eventually it won't match the funding (see nurse pay for example). when faced with spending 9k extra per student paid of the back of a population which has many that never went to university the government will have a very strong incentive to freeze/cut spending. It's what happened in scotland.
Why is this a big issue for anyone? Who cares one way or another whether people dress up strangely and use dogs when hunting..
&gt;1) Animal welfare is important to a lot of people if those animals are not part of dinner. It's urban sentimentality, probably, but it's real. The idea of using wild animals for cruel sport is widely disliked. What do these people think happens in nature? Have they ever seen a cat play with a mouse when it's already had dinner? If you don't want to hunt that's fine I just don't see whats so extreme about it that people feel the need to intervene. I figure if people were actually concerned about animal welfare they'd be up in arms about Veal, battery chickens and letting their cats eat every bird and mouse that it can catch. I know you said 'not part of dinner' but none of these things are necessary to eat, or even to eat meat, so I'd say it's massively hypocritical to get up in arms about the very few obscenely horrific practises that urban people aren't indirectly complicit in. It stinks of virtue signalling. &gt;2) Foxhunting is associated with landed country gentry. Although its apologists point to the fact it employs people and that ordinary country folk follow hunts, basically it is a support centred on privileged people. For a political party to support it suggests they are 'for the few, not the many.' That only follows if you can demonstrate material harm to the many. Otherwise you're effectively saying: rich countryside people like something, lets ban it because fuck those people. All summed up: I couldn't give a rats arse if Foxes slowly starve to death when they can't hunt anymore or instead get killed in a similar manner to how they themselves kill. That said at least the hunters have an actual cause - we enjoy this -, the ban people just seem to be virtue signalling.
There's probably some level of lead below which it's impossible to say it's harmless, because it's impractical to go even further below that level of lead to prove the point and any potential impacts would take decades to materialize.
Is any financial involvement in any scheme a conflict of interest then that needs to be stopped? If they own shares does that bias their Corporation/dividend tax views hence it should be banned? If you make it painful to be an mp you'll end up with ideologues and those rich enough to take the hit for a chance at power, not the legislative mix you want.
No it's just grandstanding. DUP members stood and won for parliament in a fair and free election as full members, not as observers. There's nothing in the GFA that says that Northern Ireland MPs can't give their votes to the government in westminster in exchange for X. Much as Sinn Fein hates it, NI is part of the UK and has political representation in Westminster parliament. Those members are full members who can choose their political allegiance. If Sinn Fein wants to stop that then they need to win a referendum to join ROI - something they know they'd lose abysmally. Edit: I guess they could also stop it by unseating DUP by winning over thier constituents. Oh wait they won't do that they just want them to have no voice in the national parliament of their own country, the UK
This is ridiculous, DUP members stood to be members of the UK parliament, not observers restricted from deal making. The GFA has no provision that sets out that NI no longer has free political representation in parliament. If Sinn Fein hate that concept so very much they can win a referendum to leave the UK - which they know full well they can't.
being an ex-chancellor or prime minister does that, I don't know that companies care about bog standard ex mp all that much.
I can, but I don't imagine many on here would be piously stating that SF isn't allowed to have positions of power and representation in what they believe is their own country. Sinn Fein and DUP are partisan idiots who will attack eachother over preferences in milk. We don't need to listen to their bleating every time. If Sinn Fein can demonstrate some regard in which the tories have favoured DUP in internal matters in NI, then they should present it.
Do you imagine theresa may is going to say no catholics in the police or something? Fuck off if the tories start discriminating against catholics then you have a point, but that hasn't happened yet and I don't think you honestly believe it could.
Impartial broker with regards to equal treatment of communities. Are you suggesting that the DUP are going to strong-arm westminster into discriminating against catholics? The strong and stable 'no catholics in NI police law'?
&gt;And if they truly believe the Good Friday agreement is broken, and May does her usual arrogant disregarding, then the IRA come out to play again Oh for god's sake this is as bad as the idiots who say: 'If we let people draw Mohamed the Muslims won't be able to control themselves and will suicide bomb everything' 1: Sinn fein don't want war 2: If they did they wouldn't use something as stupid as this to start war 3: if they did they'd have no community support (a lot of catholics are against reunification in a potential referendum, let alone through violence because the other side have influence in the parliament they belong to) so they will promptly get crushed If Sinn fein wanted the DUP to never ever have any influence in their own country, they should have made that an explicit part of the GFA.
impartiality with regard to equal treatment for communities. Do you expect the DUP to strongarm the tories into making anti catholic laws?
So what you're saying is that the republicans are going to blow it out of proportion depsite no evidence of the GFA being breached, to get political advantage? Well I think we're all smart enough to see that for what it is. We shouldn't be held hostage as a nation to a group of separatists. If they want to exert that power, they should go win a referendum.
&gt;I've outlined in the posts above how that's not so clear cut with specific reference to the text of the GFA, and have made a few other posts around this topic describing how the deliberate vagueness of the GFA (the only way to successfully appease all parties) is in this case a weakness. I think it's pretty specific: &gt;impartiality on behalf of all the people in the diversity of their identities and traditions There's been no statement that republicanism/catholicsm is no longer legal or equal to the opposite. &gt;founded on the principles of full respect for, and equality of, civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights Which Sinn Fein have. They stood in the same election (in fact IRRC they can in fact overturn the deal if they take their seats)
MPs have to declare their interests. This would be an Ex-mp ie someone who doesn't have direct legislative power.
&gt;There's an objective difference between exercising representative political power via seats won in a general election, and acting as a kingmaker to form a majority government. Yes and I still don't think that anyone here would be screaming from the rooftops that Sinn Fein can't form the government in Ireland. No one would say the republicans can't form the government in Ireland, why should we apply that standard to the DUP? And if we are going to apply that standard to the DUP, why the fuck are we even holding elections in NI for westminster? &gt;The right thing to do here by the DUP would have been to refuse to enter into any power-sharing discussion with the tories, simply because of the destabilizing effect it will have on Ireland and the GFA. The right thing to do would be for Sinn Fein to not blow their wad until there was at least actual evidence that the DUP were planning on using their influence to fuck over Catholics.
I like how you missed out the bit where we're paying for them to live in ridiculously expensive areas.
Do you think Russia would have sliced of parts of Ukraine it fancied had ukraine not given up it's nukes?
That's irrelevant to my question - would russia have dared to invade Ukraine if it had nuclear weapons in it's control, regardless of the origin of those weapons?
&gt;They're happy to try to overturn US elections which could be construed as an act of war Countries intervene in eachother's internal matters all the time. That's a different order to literally invading with tanks and soldiers sovereign territory.
They cost more to operate - you need agreements with shops to take in the money, special operators extra admin. hence typically you only get a pre pay meter if you've built up debt, so you might also be paying for previous energy usage over time with it. The earlier repayment is nice, but most companies have monthly payment terms for most customers so it's not like it's a huge boost vs someone topping it up weekly. &gt;It's purely to punish the poor and those who are bad with their finances Yes my friend the mean companies aren't there to make money they're there to be dicks to people.
&gt;An act of war isn't literally picking up a red phone and saying "This... means war." Pretty sure rolling the tanks over the border is going past ringing up to say "This... means war". Like I don't know how you're even comparing these things. &gt;But go on, list a few more "whatabouts". You'r the one who expanded the topic to Russia general foreign policy. Possibly to distract from the fact that Russia invaded a nation it &amp; the USA guaranteed security to after it gave it's nuclear weapons up, only one generation ago.
I only see you &amp; I in this thread. You are the one who derailed this discussion by trying to equivocate about cyber attacks, ignoring the reality of hard russian aggression against a state that gave up it's nuclear weapons for US &amp; russian guarantees.
Do you have any evidence that the majority tenant board members have no say in the running of the organisation? I'm sorry you can't just pass blame on like that just because it's convenient for your narrative.
&gt;It seems fair to use it against the tories because they are responsible for gutting British fire safety regulations and setting up a criminally lax enforcement environment. They have blood on their hands. If we don't know the facts, then it's not fair surely. If it's because a negligent contracter used a material that's safe in one context in another context where it's decidedly not safe for example, I'm not sure how you can put that down to the tories.
The tories dropped the triple lock pledge. [Labour opposed this and guaranteed it](https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=corbyn+triple+lock&amp;rlz=1C1MSIM_enGB661GB661&amp;oq=corbyn+triple+loc&amp;aqs=chrome.0.0j69i57.4448j0j4&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8)
Could be something as stupid as administrative error - it looks like there's variations of the composite with similar names but different core materials.
It's a destroyer not a carrier, can't it practically turn on a dime if it really needs to?
I'm a pricing analyst at an (non big six, no need to cross against the devil), Prepayment meters are more expensive. Regardless of the method used (at least for old style meters), you need someone to administer these payments and more complicated meters for you and that costs. &gt;Sse (my supplier) lobbied government to not cap energy prices because of costs, then gave their chief exec a 72% pay rise. That's pretty dickish. https://www.ft.com/content/f9772a66-22e1-3f89-9671-408326e59921?mhq5j=e3 you mean he took out part of a long term share price reward scheme in 16/17 and not 15/16?
That would be far more worrying though, would imply they were criminally negligent in planning it all out and everything they did elsewhere will need to be looked at.
&gt;They follow the Tory method of driving costs down to the bone Do they? They seemed to have been doing major refurbishments. If they as an organisation made a conscious decision to put in flammable materials to sav a few grand in a multi million renovation that seems a bit bizzare tbh. &gt;That is their major objective if you actually read the link I gave You didn't give me a link, but I assume you linked to some page saying they wanted best value for money or something similar. Trying not to waste money isn't just a tory thing... &gt;Where is your proof to say that it wasnt The fact that tenants made up the majority of board members. Duh.
Yeah that's why I'm leaning towards administrative cock up. Never assume malevolence when incompetence is possible etc etc.
... You want the EU (specifically without UK input) and not the UK government to write UK laws?
&gt;Grenfell easily fits these criteria for the people impacted? Definitely For society, or london? No. People die in tragic accidents all the time, we don't have to teeter on ignoring property rights just because a bigger than normal tragic accident occurs.
It's not what I think, it's reality. Tenants made up an absolute majority of the board.
What happens if we vote against it? Does the EU effectively get to decide whether to keep us in (and do they get to change the terms?), or do we just trundle out with no deal?
&gt;Mass social housing fires with dozens, possibly over 100 casualties? I think not. https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/611182/fire-statistics-england-1516-hosb0517.pdf 303 fatalities last year and 7661 casualties. It's a larger than usual event, but these numbers aren't unheard of. &gt;Certainly not the only solution, but one which we should consider... Should we not consider all potential options I guess we could consider deporting all immigrants now, that would give some space. Oh wait that would be a dumb fucking idea. I guess we could decimate the population of kensignton and chelsea, that would give us space! Taking peoples houses because they aren't currently being lived in just because this month fire destroyed a tower block rather than a bunch of unconnected houses is an extreme overreaction to the problem.
&gt; https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=Absolute+majority&amp;rlz=1C1MSIM_enGB661GB661&amp;oq=Absolute+majority&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8 &gt;a majority over all rivals combined; more than half &gt;The board consists of 8 residents, 4 council appointees and 2 independents. &gt;Absolute majority my arse. what you smoking my friend?
That's as maybe, but obviously this was not the view of all residents because reisdent representatives made up more than half the board.
I don't think May said leaving without a deal is good for Britain, more that there are some deals bad enough that no deal is better.
the edge tho
If the EU think that it's politically impossible for someone to reject their deal, why wouldn't they offer a deal that's as bad as WTO in the short term with no long term potential upside?
What about a deal that involves only costs, as you could interpret some EU statements regarding settling the exit bill. If negotiations devolve into pay us 60-100bn euros and we'll consider trade agreements later with no guarantee I think that would be worse than no deal. We're still in the same position, just Xbn worse off than before.
they've said that they want us to agree a bill before even discussing anything else. If they also know that the other side has politically committed to a deal at any cost, why not push that bill to the upper ends of credibility? It's not contracted cancellation fee, there's a range of credible scenarios. Agreeing to agree the fee before anything else and declaring that any deal is acceptable means you're going to get hit with the high end of scenarios. If negotiating that takes all the time, then all we've achieved is agreeing to pay a whole bunch of money and hoping the EU feels like being nice and letting us stay in to negotiate further.
I thought people's problem was EU workers coming en masse and undercutting people - eg stereotype of romanians coming over, living 15 to a house, working on a field and then going home to be replaced by the next load. That wouldn't be stopped be this.
Shhh you'll disturb the narrative
so.. ~10% of parliament?
Currency movements reflect perceived strengths of the underlying economies. If the pound decreases in value, the loss in living standards would not be fixed by going to the euro.
Similarly can unionists demand that Sinn Fein never be allowed to form part of a ROI government?
People talk about this DUP agreement causing violence, I'd have thought that's equally likely from a court decision effectively ruling the unionists aren't entitled to full representation in the UK parliament due to the GFA.
national in terms of their actual country, the UK, rather than national in terms of subdivisions of the UK are called 'nations' in the UK. Unionists aren't separatists, it's in the name.
Is there a bit of the GFA that says: Unionist voters no longer have full MPs ?
https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/jun/13/john-major-tory-dup-deal-could-jeopardise-northern-ireland-peace
&gt;they are represented within government no they are represented within parliament, which definitely is not the government. This concern is specifically that they can't be a formal part of the UK government - in other words their MPs are second class. I don't see why the number of MPs of a party is relevant to whether or not they are free to attempt to join government. &gt; why should they and May be allowed to jeopardise the GFA for a desperate power grab? If the GFA actually does prevent unionists from having full MPs in parliament then it needs to get revised anyway.
Ok, well when the DUP convince the tories to revoke the GFA you'll have a point...
I'm obviously dumb, I still can't see the bit that says northern Irish mps are second class and are prevented from taking part in coalitions or less formal deals.
No, but I'd be more than a little pissed of if I couldn't vote for a full MP. It's clearly never stated in the GFA that this is the case. I don't see where this concept has come from.
&gt; NI mp's cannot form the government in westminster. They also cannot be propping one up This is never stated in the GFA. The UK parliament is sovereign and has been in place many centuries before the GFA. The NI MPs take the exact same office as their colleagues and have exactly the same powers as their colleagues. &gt;The government in westminster has pledged to remain neutral on NI affairs communities, not affairs. Come back to me when a Tory-DUP government tries to ban catholics or republicans from public positions, then you'll have a point.
In relation to NI communities is the phrase I believe. The government can't start discriminating against republicans, that would violate the GFA agreement.
What specific actions would violate the GFA? So far people are pointing to 'They're unionists' which to me seems to be disenfranchising the entire unionist community. I don't believe something so monumental, effectively removing full representation in the UK parliament, can be enforced from vague phrases meant to stop catholic/republican discrimination.
If they actually start discriminating against you with the force of the UK government, then you have a point. Until then you're just saying that unionists cannot have a full voice in their own parliament, something which has existed for centuries before that agreement and is sovereign. That is very serious and cannot be decided by a vague statement which as I read it is clearly meant to stop Catholics being discriminated against like the 60s, not make Northern Ireland some form of second class area with second class mps in the UK.
The ROI deals directly with northern ireland on many issues, I don't think you can avoid that question.
&gt;So we should let it devolve to a point before we do something? Or should we continue to honour an agreement that's barely been in place 20 years, but has brought peace to somewhere decimated the previous 30 years. I've never seen anything from anyone before saying the GFA meant that NI Mps are second class. This is not something you can just wiggle in on an interpretation of an incredibly vague line, it's a fundamental question of democratic representation. I think the real threat to the GFA would be the unionist majority believing it makes them second class citizens in the UK, which is what you're proposing.
&gt;on behalf of all the people in the diversity of their identities and traditions and shall be founded on the principles of full respect for, and equality of, civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights, of freedom from discrimination for all citizens, and of parity of esteem and of just and equal treatment for the identity, ethos and aspirations of both communities What specific DUP-Tory policy causes you concern on this front?
it's vague in relation to the specific docking of powers of northern Ireland MPs, an institution that predates the GFA. &gt; If the DUP have strong leverage over the Conservatives can we depend on the Conservatives being impartial Yes because you can stop it using the GFA in the courts if the conservatives are dumb enough to get forced into such a thing. You're protected. &gt;Yeah, it might lessen representation in UK parliament but considering the conditions under which the GFA was signed, that seemed acceptable to the people of Northern Ireland. Was this a specific point raised in the referendum? I highly doubt it given I can't find a single piece of evidence that northern Ireland MPs are considered second class with specific restrictions anywhere. I don't think you can take away peoples right to full democratic representation by court interpretation of a very vague clause. That sounds like a very good way to undermine the GFA in fact.
Look this is just a principle for me, we shouldn't take people's democratic rights to full representational away by courts interpreting vague (it is vague, it has only principles and no details and doesn't even mention norther irish Mps) lines. If the Republicans wanted the GFA to mean no Unionist mps in government ever, then it should have stripped specific powers from northern irish MPs. The unionists could still have voted for it - but I doubt they would have.
The bit which says 'and this strips northern ireland of full polticial representation in the UK parliament;
An attempt to replicate devolution in the other nations to England in parliament through an explicit rule of parliament. Mps affected can still vote and form governments on UK matters, whilst having a devolved parliament to vote on the equivalent matters. There is 0 democratic loss; it's just segregated into different parliaments. They can even override said rules if they have support. Not an attempt to strip a sub-nation of the UK of full representation by the backdoor through a vague clause in a treaty.
&gt;It's great you personally feel a certain way, but when the way you're feeling is contrary to an international treaty and part of an ongoing peace process, you should put your feelings aside for the reality of the matter. Pretty sure I'm not the only one who's a fan of democratic representation. But go ahead, continue to try and strip people of democratic representation through vague implied clauses. I'm sure this will end well and totally doesn't support the DUP's case that the GFA should be revoked. Wriggle all you want, the GFA does not remove any powers from northern Irish MPs. Think about maybe why that's the case - is it perhaps because it would never had got Unionist ascent had that been true?
&gt;when right there in the GFA it states that the UK must operate in a "rigorously impartial" manner - which we just assessed can only mean it must be impartial in the strictest sense. You'd think that if that meant northern irish mps were legally restricted from attempting to hold power, then that would be something explicitly stated no? I mean this is the mother of parliaments, a sovereign institution centuries older than the GFA and for which we've apparently being holding pointless elections in northern ireland for for the last couple of decades. Would that piece of information not be maybe slightly relevant to unionists voting on the GFA? &gt;You're looking at this in a very blinkered way, phrasing it in terms of "democratic representation". Step away from the principles, and look at the law. The law is the thing in question, not the democratic principles. Where does the law derive it's legitimacy from, if not the democratic representation that brought it forwards? If this is truly such an important part of the GFA, why was it not explicitly stated? You can't just take people's democratic representation away by interpreting at best 'implicit' laws. You can write whatever you want and interpret it however you want, but you can't expect to change the picture fundamentally if that's not something you've drawn out explicitly and gotten approval for.
Yeah I find it quite amusing how the tories were seen as the party of the old, when they were the party to suggest that the old pay for social care and labour guaranteed the triple lock and attack the idea.
Or: they can do both. They can shout about damage to the economy of a hard brexit, &amp; make sounds about managing immigration. That's the beauty of opposistion, you don't ever need to do anything, you can just say things which sound good at times and contexts of your own choosing. I mean it's what they did last election, I don't see why it can't last another. Of course it falls down once you get into government and actually have to make hard choices, but that's too late.
A much looser union, it's ridiculous to compare the two in this context.
You keep hobbling yourself to make social justice points?
Or they could just speak english, the same as 99% of people in the UK.
I'm pretty sure even wonderful progressive non horrible shitlord anglophone Europeans prefer to understand conversations, it's kinda of a built in evolutionary trait to want to socialise. Of course if you visit another country that's one thing (though I'd say if you're paying lots and lots of money you have the right to want and seek comforts, like understanding the people who are serving you) but Wales is not exactly foreign territory and welsh is a small minority in most communities in Wales.
&gt;Nothing rude and unwelcoming about that, like I said, my home, my choice. You might not find it rude, but clearly others do, and they aren't even horrible english people they're decent Europeans! You're refusing to make minor accommodations to include guests in your conversations. I wonder how you'd feel if you drove a long way to meet family, only to be excluded from the talk because they prefer to speak in a language you can't understand? As you say, it's your choice, but it's others choice to interpret your actions as unnecessary rudeness and take appropriate measures, such as as in this article warn others who can't speak welsh that they are not welcome in this public house.
The EU is a much looser union- it's many different nation states, each with their own natural language that have only joined together very recently in a supranational organisation. THe UK is on the other hand a one nation state, of which Wales has been part of for centuries, in which even in wales the vast majority of people speak English. The EU is more like the UN than the UK.
and what?
Probably upsets me less than the tiny minority of welsh speakers like this restaurant owner when they fail to make everyone accept their language. I mean it's a free country, you can speak klingon for all I care, but don't be shocked when that isolates you from the 99% of the country that can't speak your language.
&gt;If you (presumably English?) have guests (let's say a couple of Germans) over, do you expect them to only and exclusively speak English in your house? if they make a point of not speaking english, then they wouldn't get invited again. if i'm in a majority german nation however, this would likely lead to me having very few friends. much like someone trying to have only welsh will find.
funny way pf spelling just over 10%, after decades of forcing it on people.
why would english get patronised in that way? it doesn't need government intervention to keep it alive.
we all used to be subsistence farmers before we were incentivized to move to the cities, should we go back to that? Fact of the matter is, today only a small minority speak Welsh - and that's with constant government enforcement.
I didn't say I would deliberately seek out people who are deliberately choosing to speak a language most of us can't understand. You're free to do what you please, not free from the social consequences.
aberystwyth &amp; surrounding areas, I don't think I've heard many speaking welsh out in public. But personnel experience is subjective, I was more relating to the fact that barely over 10% of welsh people are fluent in welsh.
Why would they be considered prisoners of war? They didn't represent a state, they weren't uniformed, they didn't follow the Geneva conventions. They were terrorists/freedom fighters depending on your point of view, but they weren't a conventional army. Whatever privileges they got was a consequence of the UK trying to win the PR war, not because they deserved anything.
It's not really transparent, they say: Employment at Google is based solely on a person's merit and qualifications directly related to professional competence and: Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and **is an affirmative action employer**. These two sentences to me seem to be contradictory.
same article: &gt;Vestberg’s comments are noteworthy in light of announcements that AT&amp;T and Comcast made immediately following the passage of the new tax legislation. Both companies said they would offer their employees year-end bonuses due to the bill, and that they would also boost their network spending. I have no idea whether this particular tax bill is good or not, but just focusing on one particular company saying that at this time they're not planning to invest faster is anecdotal evidence.
I don't think Christians are supposed to be able to never sin?
add to that, even if you do win you've lost the real battle. Every day there are reports of you with sexual harassment in the headline is another nail in the coffin of your career - especially if its because you can be portrayed as attacking 'victims'. The only winning move (assuming you value your public career) is to make vague denials and hope the frenzy focuses on someone else.
The state controls a lot of ticket prices and wants certain routes. Hence no one would run those franchises (including state owned entities) without extra money on top.
People didn't seem to have much of a problem with doing exactly that in WW2. Concentration camps, strategic bombing of population centers (including nuclear bombing for Christ sake) - both were highly engineered processes designed to kill and terrorise as many civilians as physically possible, with tens/hundreds of thousands of people involved in the actions. I don't think many people would be willing to nuke civilians right now at this very moment, but history suggests that in time of war doing horrible things to the 'enemy' isn't really difficult.
Definitely, especially when kiting with rangers. It looks like you can't animation cancel anymore if they've started to auto.
He's probably saying 'Shrunken' as in craven, decrepit, useless etc.
why would unilateral disarmament make others less likely to have these weapons? Just because we describe these weapons in defensive terms only does not mean that everyone else does, or would continue to do so in a total war scenario.
Noticing a pattern here: it's often not the man accused who finds the missing puzzle piece, but a loved one or diligent lawyer willing to put in the hours to trawl through social media looking for evidence that the woman is crazy. I wonder how many men out there got railroaded like this without the necessary support network to help them whilst they rot in prison?
hey thanks for this, much appreciated! It's kind of difficult to know exactly what to ask for - most of the tutorials I could find were outdated so I wasn't sure what would be wrong. I'll have to review the detection systems in more depth - I kinda of noped out of the q window to focus on the vehicle. On the flares point, my testing indicated some missiles still got through, I guess it's inevitable no matter how many flares you add? Sonar buoys are meant to counter subs - is that a thing? Guns - yeah few hours into the campaign and I can see what you mean. I meant for the craft to be a sort of expendable everything that counts is in one protected box design, but the cost kinda of ballooned out of control. balloon deployers- I added them in a couple of hours into the campaign. Most fire I received was plunging fire onto the top which would often damage the heliblades. The craft would then proceed to nosedive into the water at 50m/s, even though everything else would be working. Looked cool but was frustrating! I guess that would be a part you could encase in armour, but I kinda of wanted it to look realistic-ish
Lol imagine the shitstorm if men declined to work at a company just because they were interviewed by women.
They make take our trade access, but they will take our memes?
Who determines what without distinct political leaning means?
A much higher share of people go to uni/College today then in the 60s. It's sort of education inflation - in terms of rarity (not quality!) of qualification, college in the 60s was more similar to post grad than basic bachelor degrees today. From the perspective of recruiters, asking for college isn't asking for special intelligence, it's just a way of filtering young people who otherwise are hard to judge. &gt;I just don’t understand how the working force of America let colleges take over and demand degrees for jobs. It's more of a positive feedback loop. People want to go to college because that's how you get the big jobs (some of which genuinely need degrees) + it's fun. More people now have degrees, businesses can use this as an effective way of filtering young potential employees. More jobs now require degrees, so pressure is higher to go to college. I don't think it can or should be 'reverted' - but I'd expect college to eventually become more like extended school than 60's colleges.
I make widgets. I make a contract to sell X widgets to someone else at price Y in 3 months- I don't actually have these widgets but will produce them sometime between now and then. Replace Widgets with shares and produce with purchase from another party. Theres all sorts of variations of different future contracts (eg rules around how and when cash payments actually occur, fees, weird and wonderful combinations of different products, settlement process, credit limits) but they all boil down to something similar to the above.
&gt;it comes to legislation that has cross-party and super-majority support if it had a super majority, it wouldn't have been stopped by one MP saying a word.
True, but if you never come back then the game will be over for the other 9 most likely in 10-15 minutes
Her role is to provide stability and unity to the country as a figurehead-weighing in one way or the other on a controversial subject is the opposite of her purpose. Itd definitely be bad for her and her monarchy, because it'd reopen the question of having one at all if it can interject in important decisions with no mandate.
LEts PuT AlL OUr DaTa iN tHe DATA LAKE fOr ThE EntIre BUSinESS iN ThE CLOuD wiTh DATA STREAMS &amp; DaTA Glaciers Andy, you're not revolutionizing the concept of 'Big fuck off general database that needs interpretation' just because you used to work in a consultancy
I'm sure loads of people find him offensive - if the prosecution service had balls to actually attack someone with power they'd get him under the same law. That's part of the problem of these laws, they'll only be enforced on poor people who wrongthink.
Because the point is to research general ai, not prove that a script can call a function to move many more times than a human can click to move.
That's not really intelligence, that's just spamming actions which computers have been better at than humans since they were invented
Yes, that's what's interesting. We've had the ability to create a bot that calculates the angle to hit your head based on perfect game knowledge for decades.
Again, I don't think you get the point. Take tesla production as a real world example: we've known for decades how to make a machine very precisely follow instructions when presented with perfect data. What we still don't know is how to give it a goal and imperfect data and have it do something- hence why automation failed for tesla, because it takes years/decades to lock down a process exactly so that a machine can follow instructions without fucking up. Setting a script to do trivial things (instantly process game state, shoot at calculated angle etc etc) is great for winning counterstrike, but not great for literally anything else. If however you can have a computer learn to play like a human (processing and acting on imperfect data and a goal), it would also be able to learn how to deal with widgets being slightly off-center when building a car.
Men, in general, [work longer then women](https://www.forbes.com/sites/karinagness/2016/06/30/new-report-men-work-longer-hours-than-women/#10dc607118b4) and are, in general, [more ambitious for their careers](http://www.pnas.org/content/pnas/112/40/12354.full.pdf) Ergo as a human in possession of a penis I should get a pay rise? Oh wait no I forgot you're searching for population wide statistics to confirm your inherently sexist &amp; bigoted views, not actually arguing in favour of equal treatment for men and women
maybe, but you don't need machine learning to make an aim bot.
I mean this thread started with you replying to &gt;"The AI I've wanted to make/see is a Counter-Strike bot that plays strictly via vision/audio and keyboard/mouse. I already know it's possible, but not likely on a single machine - unless it's super beefed out with some tensorflow hardware. I assume a dedicated machine just for handling the neural nets would be needed. " the implication of the thread is that perfect game state bots aren't really all that impressive.
do you think women don't have free will and need to be protected from the consequences of their actions? Because it sounds like it.
Feminism has nothing to offer men, I can only hope this sort of stuff leads to a wider pushback in the longterm.
It's a private business trying to market itself as an open company to ideas, advantageous both to recruitment and sales. When it fails it's then ok to call them out on their bullshit.
Dollars/Euros/Pounds etc etc, Gold, overseas assets.. As a store of value Bitcoin outperforms bolivars, but so does almost every other thing in the world.
I manage a small team of people with responsibility for the company's pricing/hundreds of millions in revenue &amp; I'm younger than that (no family members involved). Probably similar or higher seniority/responsibility level to a chief of staff for an MP without ministerial office, it's really not out of the question. I mean obviously it's not the case here that they got it entirely on merit, but age is just a number and all that.. I'm not even in an industry you'd describe as young.
I mean, the youngest MP, let alone chief of staff, is materially younger than I am. Politics doesn't come with an across the board age requirement, although some might take it into account. &amp;#x200B; You also have to factor in that we're talking about an opposition MP, that whilst is a shadow minister is hardly an important one (on the metric of, I can name quite a few ministers/shadow ministers, never heard of her before). The chief of staff then manages a very small team, deals with correspondence with a few journalists/second tier organisations, filters constituents concerns about potholes, advises on policy? Its an important role, but given the scope of the office it's hardly of strategic importance &amp;#x200B; &gt;Well, no, it isn't really is it? It's the amount of available time you've had to accumulate useful experience. You wouldn't put a 10 year old in charge of your company no matter how qualified they claimed to be. Clocking in every day doesn't guarantee you useful experience. At 28 you could have worked \~7 years at your chosen industry post uni, which could easily make you a subject matter expert with good connections if you've applied yourself. &amp;#x200B;
&gt; fossil fuels subsidy Which one, specifically, are you referring to?
looking at the polls currently, would it suggest any manifesto will win in the coming months? Unless something material changes, I'd assume we're back to square one after an election.
Older people are richer hence more than 20% of them fall over the necessary limit is the argument.
I've found you can take out some fairly ridiculous infestations with a simple choke point defence with someone tough in melee (rhino, bear, shieldbelt etc) holding up the bugs
It's pretty obviously misleading statistics though straight from the title.
&gt; "However, the UK Government will not allow third-party payments, thereby forcing EU citizens to pay it up-front." &amp;#x200B; Presumably you can just expense it and get paid by the Scottish government anyway? Sounds a lot cheaper than redesigning a national immigration system for an edge case..
Could be paid up front to the employee at whatever point they were going to pay the admin fee directly? This is such a non issue... &amp;#x200B; &gt;Assuming they all have a spare £65. How much would you budget for if you were going to move country? £65 is a drop in changing flats in the same town, let alone immigrating
Good point, they must be here and working so the Scottish government will find it very easy to give them £65 upfront
Probably little actual rioting, but the tories lose out to ukip/whatever next election or voter participation goes to 30-40% levels, depending on whether people feel angry or angry and demotivated. In the first scenario brexit is back on the menu, in the second we're in for very dangerous long term dislocation of society from politics.
We're constantly told it will never be as good as single market access, so I don't see how it will be as good as the internal UK market.
&gt; whereas revoking A50 results in certainty. do you honestly believe Brexit will be resolved just by the government at the last minute cancelling it with no democratic mandate? That'll be it, we'll all forget about it? It'll be the opposite of stability..
ok so you do't think brexit will be resolved by revoking A50 then.. why would the EU?
Not really, blowback in the UK domestically equates to problems in the EU-UK relationship. &amp;#x200B; It is possible to cancel A50 &amp; guarantee stability (eg if we voted in a referendum), but it matters how you cancel A50.
Not from NI, but why do you think NI has more economic stake in either Ireland or the EU vs the UK? because it doesn't, [NI to RUK trade is literally more than to the rest of the world including the entire EU](https://fullfact.org/europe/irish-border-trade-checks/). That's without counting the fiscal transfers. I mean sure maybe you think that long term economically NI can trend towards the EU eclipsing the UK, but I don't see why exactly that would be the case and not so currently when it's already in the single market. You might believe that NI productivity will meet Irelands productivity, but I'm not convinced given the current fiscal transfers and the multinationals boosting Irelands GDP. In any case that would be a veryyyy long game and far from guaranteed.
Yes new projects have slowed as subsidies have been cut (because they've gone way over budget) However I can tell you 100% damn near every single one of those wind turbines (or any other commercial renewable asset built in the last 20 years) was subsided undet one of three schemes- The renewable obligation Feed in tariff Contracts for difference (I'd say all of them were but chances are someone built one back in the 80s or something stupid like that) All paid for by gb consumer bills. Additionally each turbine feeds into the gb grid. Not the english or Scottish grid, the gb grid. The value of the power they generate (hence why they were built) comes from meeting the demand and receiving the money of gb consumers. Finally the infrastructure used to transport the energy? Paid for by gb consumers. I guess what I'm trying to say is that the massive solar capacity in Essex isn't an achievement of Essex, its the gb energy system deploying resources where appropriate. Hinckley point C won't be a (sole) testiment to the nuclear engineering prowess of sommerset. And the gb turbines deployed in windy areas (primarily scotlsnd and off the coast of England) are a gb acheivement.
I run pricing for an energy company that operates in gb. Around 20-30% of the revenue of the supply contracts I'll supervise at work tomorrow will go towards supporting renewable generation including the Scottish ones we're discusing through gb wide support mechanisms. You're confusing two schemes closing for new entrants, with all schemes closing and legacy contracts being voided. Or in another words, you have literally no idea what your talking about.
These are your turbines too. You are paying for them through your energy supplier(which is a good thing!)
Gb companies subsidised by gb levies selling to the gb power market through grid infrastructure paid for by gb consumers. They're as Scottish as the solar farms in Essex, partially paid for by Scottish consumers, are English.
Read the top of the chain, they were talking about all wind. As for new wind, this will all still currently still be gb consumer based, what with it being a gb energy system where they have access to GB wholesale prices and GB subsidy schemes. Again you don't know what you're talking about with the dig at nuclear- that Hinkley point C strike price was agreed ~5 years ago and at the time wind strike prices were similar or much higher. Since then no new nuclear plants have progressed and wind prices have come down dramatically.
&gt;100% renewables is a Scottish government policy (and a priority one), the continued investments in across the board renewables is a Scottish government decision and funded by them on top of the general GB wide revenue. It's not really a Scottish government decision, but ok. How much money is the Scottish government actually investing in renewables, vs the \~£50/MWh the renewable assets will be getting from the GB market? I can see a lot on the government website about how they want Scotland to be super renewable, I can't see much about how they specifically are going to pay money to build generation. &amp;#x200B; &gt;Because it was so fucking hard to predict that wind prices would tumble... &amp;#x200B; Go look at any official forecast from 2012, they didn't predict prices would tumble nearly as far as they did. Some would say that's actually a great achievement, brought about by the \~£11bn by 20/21 annually GB customers will spend to kickstart the industry when it hadn't got rolling. &amp;#x200B; &gt;FFS, listen to yourself. It was and has been clearly obvious that wind with zero marginal cost, no external cost and huge investment in research and development was the future and should be heavily funded (alongside storage research/infrastructure). Please see 11bn figure.
&gt;Sales to GB dropped for the first time on record by £2.9bn to £11.3bn in 2017. &gt; &gt;The Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency (NISRA) said the slump in sales was driven by “a substantial fall in sales” in the manufacturing sub sector of food, beverages and tobacco. &gt; &gt;The fall meant the total value of export sales by Northern Ireland firms fell 10.1% last year to £21.4bn, down from last year’s record high of £23.8bn. &gt; &gt;Meanwhile exports to the Republic increased by £540m or 16.2% over the year to £3.9bn, the highest figure since the survey began in 2011. The report states that "Ireland remains our single largest export market". So sales to GB are just under 3x the size of sales to the republic... &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
you don't need every hero. If you're seriously worried about you're ranking in league, you play enough to have 2-3 heroes per role which is easily enough.
If you look at the actual press release, still worth more than literally the rest of the world combined to NI. [https://www.nisra.gov.uk/news/broad-economy-sales-and-exports-statistics-beses](https://www.nisra.gov.uk/news/broad-economy-sales-and-exports-statistics-beses) &amp;#x200B; Also, &amp;#x200B; &gt;Economist Richard Ramsey said he believed the data reflected the impact of the closure of the JTI tobacco plant in Ballymena. &amp;#x200B; If it's literally one plant closing, I'm not sure it's indicative of much for the rest of the economy.
That's because It's not a Scottish success story. They're a GB success story, just like the (larger) wind capacity of the coast of England and the solar in the south of England are GB success stories. They're all built with GB subsidies levied on GB consumers, selling power to GB consumers through grid infrastructure paid for again by gb consumers. The gb energy system just placed the assets where it made sense (ie where its windy, Scotland and off the coast of England).
Possibly because they are paid for by all British consumers, not Scotland. Its all one energy system. Tell me, is nasa something for florida to be proud of or the USA as a whole?
Ah you're just circlejerking a d don't care about reality. Carry on then.
Meh, if you can't be bothered to dispute the facts I presented, I think we know whos right. Have fun meming dude.
&gt; twisting facts Which facts are those and how have I 'twisted' them?
Can you point to me a commercial Scottish renewable generation asset that is not subsidised by one of the following GB wide schemes: Renewable Obligation (FYI there is a Scottish renewable obligation - it's the same scheme with different branding) Contracts for Difference Feed in Tariff &amp;#x200B; and that does not spill onto the GB National Grid &amp;#x200B; tyvm. &amp;#x200B;
&gt;Irrelevant; they are all National Grid / UK reserved schemes. nice you admit I'm right, you're just trying to shift the goal posts to planning permission. Now; [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walney\_Wind\_Farm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walney_Wind_Farm) &amp;#x200B; this is a GW capacity windfarm built in England. It's entirely subsidised by two of the schemes I mentioned, and is additionally supported the GB power market. This single site by itself is equivalent to \~10% of the installed wind capacity in Scotland, probably close to 15% of the Scottish wind generation due to high load factor from offshore winds. &amp;#x200B; You as a GB consumer (equal to me as another GB consumer!) are paying for all of this . Directly, not through taxes. Assuming typical consumption \~£90 of your energy bill is direct subsidies to plants like the one I linked, and \~£150-£200 goes to the wholesale market demand, which indirectly supports the other \~half of money these things generate by selling onto the wholesale market. &amp;#x200B; But because this received planning permission in England, this is an English success right? The fact that you're paying for this equally alongside me doesn't matter right? Any suggestion that this is a national market placing assets where they make sense, not individual regions building everything, is ridiculous right?
&gt;Scotland did not allow nuclear power stations to be built. It told Westminster to get ti fuck. Scotland pushed renewable. It's irrelevant who paid for it, Scotland decided what was and what was not allowed. you're fucking hilarious mate, when did I even mention nuclear power? Are you like one of those dolls were upon pulling a string you get one of a few prepacked phrases? &amp;#x200B; &gt;but because this received planning permission in England, this is an English success right &gt; &gt;YES! &amp;#x200B; Thanks for paying for my renewable power then I guess? Very generous of us to pay for eachother like this, it's almost like we're in the same energy system. Fyi planning decisions are mostly made at local council level, so unless you happen to live next to a big windfarm you probably can't even claim success under this bizarre metric.
&gt; Funding is utterly irrelevant. Policy is what matters Tell me, has anyone ever built a wind turbine because the Scottish government says it's policy is that it wants renewables, without all that funding (11bn/yr by 2020) by the UK government policy that it wants renewables?
Iran wasn't a forward country before the revolution, it had a brutal dictator. I don't know that its worse or better than before, but it hardly was equivalent to Europe
&gt; anyone with the freedom to speak freely. so not those under the Shah then? &amp;#x200B; Maybe it was better under the Shah, I can't speak to that. But it wasn't a good place to live before the islamists took over.
Is the Scottish independence referendum invalid because it didn't allow 14,15 year olds to vote then?
&gt; Then Wales and England majorly fucked them over "Voted on equal terms with scots in a UK wide referendum"
So.. are you saying that scotland should have 12 votes per person, in order for it to be equal? Thats a bold strategy I'll give you that.
Scotland didn't vote in the referendum, the citizens of Scotland did as equals with the citizens of england, wales and NI. These are not rigid groups; There were over 1m Scottish people voting for leave (it was actually 62 for remain not 70), \~1.3m who didn't vote at all. &amp;#x200B; If the prospect of the Uk not doing exactly as Scotland votes every time worried scottish people, they'd have voted to leave in the referendum they already had.
&gt; Most Scots decided to stay just because joining EU would take years for them sauce?
Is there a pro civil war poster we can can't see?
Why would the backstop be better economically than no deal for ni? Either the border occurs between Ireland or GB, and GB represents more trade to ni than the rest of the world combined
OK.. But we're in a discussion about whether the EU should be blasé about losing the UK, not who will lose more.
No it doesnt. There will be a hard border GB to NI explicitly set out in the withdrawal agreement. It doesn't explicitly set out the reverse, presumably to make it look nicer politically, but it's obvious that will need to be imposed (you can't just not have a border, as we've seen). In the long term regulations will diverge, leaving ni operating under a different rule set, regulated by an EU member (ie Ireland) with a hard border between it and its largest market. So yes, losing Ireland access under no deal would be bad, don't see how that matches against losing gb access.
Is the right thing to put a hard border between Northern Ireland and GB? Dont think we're convinced on that one.
Do you believe that Dover will see massive backlogs impacting trade? If so why not Liverpool? You say we have to make sacrafices like it's a done deal and that there won't be any consequences. I'm yet to be convinced, people would prefer no deal to this backdoor annexation of NI
Ni to GB trade is literally more than ni to rest of world trade. Why would it be better for NI to put up a hard border with its biggest market? That's aside from the political implications. The unionists are pretty clear about the whole Unionism thing.
*Northern Ireland and Ireland. Its British not irish, will remain so unless they vote otherwise. Which is why this deal is unworkable
&gt; I meant what I said about Ireland and Ireland. Go tell the DUP then, see what they say. Oh wait they and the unionist majority are unpersons right because they don't agree with you.
It doesn't. It puts a hard border between NI and GB (its largest market outside of NI itself).
&gt;occupation and partition of a country makes me the Orwellian Yes, because the people actually living there don't agree with you. Like I said go tell the DUP they're irish, see what happens. The UK has a mechanism to allow referendums in NI, just like referendums took place in Scotland, Gibraltar, Falklands and indeed NI only a few decades ago. The UK in recent times (yes yes things were different a century ago, congratulations people who died decades before either of us where born were dickheads) is actually one of the few nations to allow it's people a free choice in whether they want to remain in the country.
&gt; If people have the freedom to choose to separate from the UK then why do the counties &amp;#x200B; Why stop at county, how about street or GPS coordinate? The nation of northern ireland can get a vote &gt;Equally if NI and Scotland are so free why are you pulling them from the EU which the voted to stay in? Because they voted as equal UK citizens in a Uk referendum. I don't know if you know or not, the UK is comprised of 4 individuals named "England", "Scotland", "Wales" and "Northern Ireland". &amp;#x200B; If they were that concerned about not getting their way 100% of the time, they would have voted for independence. Should London break away from the UK because the rest of the UK voted differently on the EU?
Hmm, but I'm not seeing why the Uk should accept that. Looks like we'd much rather prefer a hard border with Ireland &amp; no deal if it comes to it.
Can I 'borrow' your stuff?
Do you imagine there's any lack of people in meaningful need throughout the world. I think you should put your money where your mouth is...
I'm curious how you think reducing competition will be bad for them?
He said far right, not fascist. Is every far leftist a Stalinist communist?
&gt; significant Ie not all &gt; hardcore communist Ie not Stalinist communist, the equivalent of what people mean when they say fascist (Nazi) &amp;#x200B; As far as I can make out, far right/left means further to the right/left of the main two parties in the political context. It's then warped by some as a political stick to beat opponents with (ie you're a conservative outside the main conservative party, you must be far right \[literal nazi\] )
they'd be pretty crazy to do that, given the cash inflow that provides to spain..
So I guess we don't need to be worried about importing food from the EU then..
But are fascists and communists the ones most targeted with the epithet of Far right/left respectively? &amp;#x200B; What is mainstream can be fluid, especially when there are political points to be gained by othering those outside your parties bounds. &amp;#x200B; Really this stuff can only be resolved by actually comparing the policies against actual fascism/communism rather than dealing in amorphous labels. A quick glance at Vox would suggest that they're religious Spanish nationalists, and don't seem to espouse particularly violent or expansionist views that you'd associate with fascism.
Would you say that the mere act of advocating the nation of Spain &amp; Christianity is fascist, or would you instead say there are fascists historically who have held those positions -but it's not impossible to hold those positions without being fascist?
I feel as if we're talking in generalities again - so if you need extra flavour to become fascist, what has Vox done that is fascist?
&gt; I think the UK government is simply crossing its fingers and hoping that the Spanish government will just ignore the lack of reciprocity and let the minimum 300,000 British retirees keep on living in their little Britain communities there Why would spain deport people pumping their pensions and UK government healthcare payments into the local economy? What next, are they going to ban UK tourists? &gt;because they sure as fuck don't have a plan to handle the sudden return of that many people without jobs, or homes or assets in the UK. Would be a little annoying sure, but long term it'd probably be an economic boon to the UK (less outflows), even if the pensioners will be a bit grumpy at losing their sun. &amp;#x200B;
&gt;Isn't the targeting of civilian objects and infrastructure textbook terrorism? Seems as if the UK wants to retaliate on attacks on their military by attacking civilians as they'd be too scared to strike back at their military. Russia's been shooting down airliners, forcefully annexing territory, attacking peaceful UK towns with chemical warfare. It hasn't directly attacked the UK military yet to my knowledge
You don't think that perhaps they brought it up because it was a very popular idea, as evidenced by high ukip voter share (even with a referendum promised!) in 2015 and the result itself.
I wonder how many of the constantly negative people on UKpol are trolls like this beauty, apparently supramacists from another country. Would explain a lot..
What do you think is more important economically to NI, GB or the EU? Hint, its gb by an order of magnitude. I mean I'd still support their right to self determination, if they feel irish thats provably more important than a few % of gdp. But it's just bizzare to talk about how 'screwed' econocally ni will be by brexit to justify leaving the uk
Roi is in the EU right now. And the EU is worth an order of magnitude less than gb to ni right now,economically speaking. Including Roi. The 'extra benefits of United Ireland' and 'UK in a no deal scenario' factors will have to work overtime to get anywhere near worth leaving the UK economically.
As I said, if they want to be Irish thats perfectly fine. But the reality is that gb is much more closely tied into nis economy than Ireland.
dude go outside or something, it's pretty pathetic to spend time trolling other nation's subreddits.
&gt;They also get the massive economic benefits of forming a unified state Actual specific benefits of which are.... (and will those be greater than the \~5k net fiscal transfer per head into NI?) &gt;NI has been severely economically retarded yes low key civil war will do that to you. I'm sure that won't possibly come about by changing the status quo! &gt;and while RoI has done *far* better, they'll both stand to massively prosper if they unify How much of RoIs success comes from multi-nationals basing themselves in dublin for tax reasons? Not that that's wrong, just questioning how that will scale with population/land - and how sustainable it is for the EU to ignore this. &gt;They also get access to RoI which means land based domestic trade Don't they have that already, and have had that for \~30 years or so? Yet still, the majority of their external sales go to the UK.
Well if they want to take that leap on the promise of jam tomorrow, then it's up to them. Regardless, the situation is that currently the UK is more important to NI economically, and massively so.
I mean you seem to be bitter/angry, not me. I didn't judge Ireland's effective strategy, just questioned the scalability to an additional territory. Anyway I can see you're blinkered by my nationality, so here's a suitably Irish source saying much the same thing: [https://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/united-ireland-would-see-living-standards-in-republic-fall-by-15-1.3629748](https://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/united-ireland-would-see-living-standards-in-republic-fall-by-15-1.3629748) The economic impacts of NI leaving the UK, both in trade, public subsidy &amp; political issues, are very substantial and not something I've just made up. This isn't something you can wish away with " massive economic benefits of forming a unified state " whatever the hell thats supposed to mean.
Ah but by that point she's already in a huff, because she's spent the last 4 hours moaning about it in her head without talking to you. Because you dont think it needs to be done, you don't even know that she's in a huff Untill she snaps at you.
I mean their limited rules of engagement allowed them to mass non smart bomb north Vietnam cities, so it wasn't nearly as limited as today. They didn't ground invade or nuke north Vietnam, but there were very good strategic reasons to avoid doing that (experience of getting smacked in the Korean war).
&gt; your That's really the operative word isn't it. We are after all talking about subsidized housing, for which there is already a waiting list.
At least you're transparent in your efforts to sensationalize and incorrectly attribute words to me in order for you to feel good as a moral person. Keep on trucking baby, everyone who disagrees with you is literally evil.
&gt; If you want to kick poor people out of homes that's what you want &amp;#x200B; I don't recall that being the topic.
It literally takes 10 mins after typing 'energy deal comparison' into google
What compromise has been offered though?
Haven't we got bigger problems than rural groups illegally cruelly hunting pests? I have to admit I always found this weird &amp; pointless to devote news, police &amp; parliament time to-if you want To go down the cruelty route, our agriculture is a distopian nightmare (however many billions of animals slaughtered, chickens without beaks, veal etc etc) - none of which is actually necessary. Why should I care that a few foxes get ripped apart?
And why would you even? We're almost at 40k levels of metalness when it comes to food production, yet we're supposedly very concerned about a few foxes? Actual vegans I can at least understand wanting to protest etc, but beyond those all I see is a lot of virtue signalling
Sure, but the vast majority of people don't, that's my point. We put the god emperor himself to shame in countless slaughter of animals for non necessary food production, yet I'm supposed to believe people actually give a fuck about foxes? &amp;#x200B; &gt; but it's an action that people eating animals will support Ah yes, but are they actually willing to put money on the line into stopping it? My thesis would be that that would be a no, it's just posing for the purposes of virtue signalling/punishing toffs (outside of activist vegans). Honestly given the article (ban being completely unenforced after a decade) - whats your explanation? &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &gt; I stick with a simplistic theory that the less avoidable suffering in the world, the better, and that any that can be avoided should be Mine would be that resource (political will, activist time, newspaper column inches , 'mindshare' \[sorry hate that term, can't think of a better one\]) is always limited, and there's been a lot of political resource spent on stopping fox hunting for little gain.
A lot of the alternatives these people moved to are getting stomped down and preventing from providing competition (eg subscribe star having it's infrastructure pulled) &amp;#x200B; I think it's one thing when a consumer facing organisation has these policies, but when what is essentially essential infrastructure to commerce on the internet starts blocking customers for political views you have a real problem.
I mean they could always chose to work at the restaurant if they dont want to sell their body. There's plenty of male students/unattractive female students who don't have this choice yet survive at university, I don't believe it's survival based so much as comfort based.
Yes they've defined poverty in this way. But can we say anything useful of the back of it?
You haven't actually described why its bad though. If living standards are high, does it matter that inequality exists? &amp;#x200B; If you think inequality itself is bad, why call it poverty which implies a lack of necessary goods in common language usage. It just strikes of marketing. &amp;#x200B; &gt; It is the most useful, because poverty is always relative &amp;#x200B; &amp; &gt; Relative poverty is the reason why inequality is a problem Is circular logic. Poverty is relative ( Eg inequality). Inequality is a problem because of relative poverty???
So in other words there are choices available?
&gt; A majority that was imported there for the purpose of making Ireland part of the Union &amp;#x200B; We're going back centuries for that. Europe would be a very, very, violent place if we were to apply that standard to borders today. &amp;#x200B; In fact why stop there, maybe all the Anglo-saxons in the UK should go 'back' to Germany, thats only a few more hundred years. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
&gt; the Irish people You mean everyone you've drawn a line around as deserving to live on island of Ireland, because they identify as 'Irish', juxtaposed against those untermenschen British people? &amp;#x200B; &gt; I'm sure we could have easily drawn lines across India to demark people who would prefer to stay within the empire Far less people relative to the land/existing tribes, far shorter timespan of presence, vastly different type of presence (employed administrators &amp; soldiers vs settlers), so no. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; But yeah if we're going to go down comparisons, surely Australia, Canada, Mexico, US, all the latin american countries etc should have all their various europe descended peoples thrown out &amp; sent back to Europe (if we apply your ridiculous standard)? After all they moved in far after the british moved into Ireland, their rule was far more brutal &amp; they all have various natives who idenitify as a distinct ethnic subgroup. Surely if we're going to be consistant, they're up for the chop? At least they should lose voting rights and register as illegal immigrants right? &amp;#x200B; When these hundreds of millions of ethnic europeans (what about those who are mixed, is it a one drop rule for deportation?) get placed into Europe whats the next step? &amp;#x200B; Or maybe, hear me out on this, we shouldn't pick an arbitrary point 5 centuries ago and say that's the correct place for borders today. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
Well that's not the case in northern Ireland so you'll be glad (those who identify as Irish there both have representation available broadly of their 'ethnic group' &amp; are not the majority).
Actually, not all of people living on the island Ireland fought for independence. That's why NI exists. Because the majority (especially at the time of partition) there are unionists.
Think you're wrong on all counts bud. It's very easy to find native Americans, aboriginals etc arguing all those points. Excepting the 'half' point, though I'd put that down to intentional genocide which should surely be a further mark against the descendants today under your logic. So tell me again why if British supporting Northern Irish don't have a right to self determination, the hundreds of millions of ethnic Europeans in the new world do.
So why not make an absolute measure of poverty that entails being unable to access smart phones? Why make a relative income level which has no relation to that?
At your workplace do you only use materials, processes, machinery, management, design, sales which you yourself created/gathered?
How do you read that as attacking the EU for implementing border checks? &amp;#x200B; It's a document explaining the potential situation requiring a special procurement... Do you just want every Brexit preparation document to self flagellate the UK for voting for brexit or something....
It is caused by that, in that there will be delays due to increased border checks carried out at European union member state entry points. &amp;#x200B; Whether the need for checks is caused by brexit, UK incompetent negotiators, EU negotiator intransigence, WTO rules, fucking space lizards, whatever, is irrelevant to this specific document (a specific thing could happen, and we're going to do X/Y/Z to mitigate it's effects). You are just jumping on things out of context to push your agenda. &amp;#x200B; Lets say a town is flooding. There is a specific action X the government is doing to combat this flooding, and they've prepared documents for related procurement, presumably to be read by people who might have to actually do X or want to bid for X. Should these documents say: "due to damage caused by abnormal weather, we will do X", or do you want "Due to damage caused by abnormal weather caused by \[3 paragraphs of text assigning blame for climate change to various organisations, individuals and countries\] so we will do X.
&gt; I am? You just said it's caused by Brexit. Where did I say that? Anyway it's irrelevant as I explained, as this isn't a document setting out blame for border checks.
Many things, of which for sure Brexit would be one. You still haven't answered the point, which that this isn't a document assigning blame for customs checks, so your outburst is laughably misplaced. I'll assume that's because you agree with me on that, but just want to shout about brexit on the internet so won't admit it..
&gt;**You still haven't answered the point, which that this isn't a document assigning blame for customs checks, so your outburst is laughably misplaced. I'll assume that's because you agree with me on that, but just want to shout about brexit on the internet so won't admit it..** &amp;#x200B; But to answer your question yet again - WTO rules, EU negotiating position over Irish border, May's incompetence in changing that, May's redlines, the existence of NI, the fact that Ireland is in the EU, the fact that unionists are willing to bring the house down to avoid quasi economic annexation by ROI. Going back we could also look at the causes of those things &amp; brexit. Would hard checks be going up if the EU hadn't rebuffed Cameron before the referendum? &amp;#x200B; Anyway have fun raving about brexit, I'm off to bed. &amp;#x200B;
and what if that isn't possible?
Membership contributions yes would come under a treaty, although that obviously doesn't have to apply if we're not a member- why the EU doesn't have to honour its obligations to us under treaties post us leaving. I don't think there's an actual clause in the treaty covering joint owmership of liabilities and assets, only that'll it would be agreed in the withdrawal agreement
No, but it's a little different if field waltzes into your semi-private dinner to protest something unrelated (eg fox hunting ban). Don't think it was justified but the protestors were not on the street minding their own business
To disrupt an event
If I peacefully and with no violence planned or implied decide to protest inside your living room, does that change the appropriate level of force? They weren't on the street, they were in a private event. There's a difference.
&gt; against people who want the complete eradication of his race. Wait which white supremacist is actively advocating the genocide of black people?
&gt; It's a pretty amazing piece of historical revisionism on the part of Brexiteers to get people to believe that the two world wars were Britain vs a united Europe. Who believes this?
I see some people strawmaning a retarded leaver, don't see anyone actually believing this
Against a target climbing out of Tehran airport in the centre of Iran? It would have to be a monumentally stupid operator.
The key difference here is that Iran 655 was flying towards the us destroyer from the general direction of the destroyers enemy. Why would an Iranian operator assume a flight from Tehran is an asset of the US? Realistically the options for the crash are: Terrorism, iran sending a statement, technical problem.
Key differences: The malaysian flight did not take off from a nearby airport,it entered the airspace as an unexplained flight from the russian perspective. This Iranian flight took off from a nearby busy airport that iranian aa would be aware of. The Malaysian flight headed towards the aa from the direction of the enemy (west ukraine). The iranian flight came from the exact opposite direction of the enemy to iranian AA Never say never, but how would you rate the mental age of an American AA commander stationed in Washington who shot down a jet flying out of JFK for fear of Mexican bombers?
From the direction of their capital city and the busy airport sending tens/hundres of planes off a day in the exact same takeoff path? If war were close to war with Mexico and a us aa commander stationed in Washington shot down a jet taking off from jfk for fear of Mexican bombers, how would you rate his competence?
Was that destroyer based next to New York shooting down jets flying out of jfk? Because otherwise that's not a good comparison.
Let's say Mexico and the us are posturing for war, and mexico has military supremacy over the us. If you saw that video but it was a jet flying out of jfk,would you guess terrorism or that a us aa commander thought jfk was a hidden mexican airbase?
Let's roleplay that the us is near to war with mexico &amp; that Mexico has military superiority. A flight takes off from jfk and nearly instantly goes down in flames. Would you assume A: a us AA commander stationed next to jfk forgot that JFK existed and assumed the slow climbing plane from JFK was a Mexican bomber? B: terrorism, deliberate shootdown,technical issues, literally anything else?
I did the maths, and the chances of an AA commander stationed next to his capitals airport assuming a flight taking of from said airport is an enemy are approx square root of fuck all. Unless youd call the american commander in the same situation mentally competent to eat unaided? Iran has some very nasty enemies (ISIS, Saudi arabia) who have prior form in airline terrorism. If this was something you could bet on,that's where I'd put my money.
Might well be the case if we find out their were VIPs aboard. Could even be a deliberate attack as a form of internal terror/radicalization - odds of that would increase if Iran tries to play it off as a repeat of Iran 665 from the US. &amp;#x200B; Im aware of the saying never assume malice for what stupidity can explain, but there's stupid and then there's thinking a jet taking off from your own capital's airport is an enemy bomber.
What about terrorism? Iran has two very nasty enemies in ISIS and saudi arabia, both of whom have prior form in aviation terrorism.
Did USS vincennes mistake a flight coming their own capital city as an enemy bomber, or a plane coming from the enemy city as an enemy bomber? &amp;#x200B; Can you envisage a scenario outside of a land invasion in which a US AA commander believe an enemy bomber has taken off from JFK?
So incompetent that they forget which direction their capital was in, which direction the enemy was in &amp; that there was an airport over there? Just think about it, the AA operators would have for the duration of their posting seen the exact same signature in the exact same direction \~150 times a day. Never say never, but I'd bet on terrorism (ISIS and saudi arabia have prior form) or deliberate move from Iran to enrage the population before stupidity on that level.
How do you explain Hiroshima and Nagasaki then?
Literally the only genuinely racist statement I can recall hearing in person is a far east asian colleague stating that she didn't want to live in an area with too many black people
&gt; different skin color One's white and one's slightly swarthier white?
I mean he was, he was being told that his opinions didn't matter on account of race and sex.
Hrh duchess Meghan markle, multi millionaire american actress, grand daughter in law to the queen, whiter than most spanish people- what relevance does that have to every day lives experiences of ethnic minorities?
Scotland's government doesn't set or pay for material environmental policies. More onshore turbine w per head in Scotland sure, but that's because its windy there. Not the case for solar or offshore. What's the wording about scotland relating to? Dumping comments are also weird, as currently the UK uplift from the EU carbon price considerably. The EU has in fact been dumping since the early years of the Cameron government when they introduced the carbon tax.
A 30 % hit to uk exports and imports to the EU does not straight decrease uk GDP by 2.3%. Yes the contribution of exports goes down by that %, but we also spend less on imports which are a direct negative to GDP. The real effect depends on whether the imports are replaced with uk industry or non eu imports. Which is sector specific and requires clever tariffs.
Whats the actual problem with the system incorrectly classifying 34 people as potential matches? To put this in boring analogue terms, If I put out a notice to patrol cars to stop black 07 ford focuses driven by white males in manchester, I'm probably going to get a worse error rate. Does this mean that car &amp; race descriptions are not a useful way of filtering down &amp; isolating suspects from the general population?
It just seems implementation specific whether there's a problem. If all they do is upload photos of specific individuals under existing lawful processes (specific football hooligans banned from game X, a specific man wanted for questioning relating to the death of his wife) &amp; flag possible matches to be investigated, it's really no different to any other flagging system. No rights are infringed, and the tracking is related to a specific crime or warrant. &amp;#x200B; If you start mass uploading citizens data &amp; track their everyday movements as in China, then that's another issue.
I did, about three times- on for the fourth (although this should be the last one for some time). First time I did it had all my world possessions in my dads 92 Corolla and drove off for a new job ~150 miles away; couch surfed with some distant relatives for a few weeks then got a flat share. It helps if you have a job already and a car to go back to parents/friends on the weekends but it's not necessary.
Depends what type of job you want, you can definitely get temp jobs in Australia and English language teaching jobs in Asia for example.
Itd be weird if immigrants and those who chose to stay in areas of high immigration responded any differently to those surveys yes?
'While UK thinks it is still something like the British Empire from 200 years ago' I often hear this but I've never observed it in the uk. The closest thing would be in attempting to project military power, which obviously does not derive from the EU.
Where have you ascertained this? Because I've only ever heard this from Europeans looking in
Which would be wrong, as at the very least 2008-2010 were net negative.
whats the point if it provides no material benefits? IF the US genuinely wants to try for a deal where they get to increase the prices for the NHS &amp; export subsidized food to us without giving up anything, what possible reason would we have to sign it regardless of our international standing?
How do you propose putting a protective ring around men? Wouldn't it be better to put a ring around those with underlying health conditions, rather than demographic factors correlated with the same
Its almost like theres no right answer to covid and no matter what the government do, 50-70% will be outraged.
Parliament passed a law saying boris had to ask for an extension
What's your opinion on Madeline McCann jokes?
That It explicitly doesn't exist on social media. Airport bomb joke, count dankula, grenfel tower video, that policeman &amp; his trans joke come to mind, it's not new. If the government, or a government agent do not like your speech, they will arrest you and destroy your life. The public will get in on the act too, incensed by sensationalist media to hurl death threats at the blasphemers whilst patting themselves on the back for how truly righteous they are. They aren't even breaking the law - officially speech that some find offensive can be squashed.
I guess they didn't explicitly say "no no deal" - but what practical and legal route existed to no deal, as the term was then taken to mean? Eg not signing the wa
Jesus, everything is about Brexit. Is is Brexit fault if you stub your toe?
I'm ok with with this. Within our lifetimes we abandoned a city we had a duty of care to, to a genocidal imperialistic authoritarian regime. There is no goddamn moral equivalence between the west and China- maybe the west of a century ago. Yes there was no practical method for us to protect them- but the least we can do is offer those people who want it a way out.
No it's literally a drop in the ocean. No deal brexit was forecast at a few % of gdp growth lost over a period of decades, with the exact figure varying in sceanrios. Covid has likely already overmatched the worst reputable brexit sceanrios in 3 months &amp; that's whilst the government is paying for millions to not realise they're unemployed for real. Covid recession will become the new great depression, it will leave a mark over the centuries. Everyone talking about the "double" impact of covid and brexit is just stuck on last years news cycle. I can only compare it to those obsessing over fox hunting during the brexit debate for how immaterial it is.
Curse those "white dads"! Who supports the killers of George floyd btw? Didn't even Donald Trump call it a crime to be punished.
On a macro level, brexit was predicted to cost a few % of gdp over a few decades- seems plausible to aggresive given average tariffs of a few % on exports worth 13% gdp, taking into account benefits from onshoring production currently in the EU. The nearest comparable economic event to corona is the great depression, which saw a 25% gdp drop over 1-2 years and near 70% unemployment in some regions. I'm sorry, but you are comparing events of 1-2 orders of magnitude apart.
The same system which has arrested and charged the killers of george floyd? Definitely didn't take the worst riots in a generation for them to lock up the actual killer, he was fired and charged very quickly.
Great, no one is seriously defending george Floyd's death. There doesn't seem to be a debate, just lots of very angry people demanding 'Change tm'. If it's not about george floyd and it's about racism, we could some statistical analyses of homicide/violent offender race vs police killings to indicate whether the police are indeed racist. If it's about police brutality as a whole I think that's a far more interesting point, but not sure how you change that in a country with so many guns
Ok Fair, covid could have a marginal impact on the utility of brexit. But I don't think anyone is posting a serious economic study of how Covid will change the dynamics, just saying the twin horseman of corona &amp; THE BREXIT HORROR are coming. My initial reaction is that the entire economy, particularly the globalised section exposed to the EU, is going to get massively reordered anyway. I cant see how the impact of brexit will not be muted in that environment.
Hmm is having a whinge about someone you vaguely identify with being oppressed by someone who you vaguely associate with the person in front of you worth all the deaths that are gonna occur? Like for real, these protestors are going to kill thousands (through covid) if they keep it up. Just to shout at people completely unrelated to the incident.
Not sure what your point is exactly. Change is one thing, but as we discussed theres nothing to change in the uk really is there. But yeah sure, if they want to protest to show how woke they are and in the process kill their elderly relatives... I mean ok?
I'll summarise your position as "black lives matter, but only American blacks killed by police" To repeat, this "solidarity and support" for those who share nothing with them aside from their skin colour will kill their own relatives. There is no change that they are enacting, they are posturing at the cost of their parents lives.
Potential? Does covid take a break for protests?
You know what, this trolling is the funniest shit I've seen today, thank you.
What about analysis controlling for crime rates? Seriously compare US homicide or violent robbery by race against death by cop by race. It's almost like the US police are broadly not racist.
What's their crime rate, as that shows the death rate per interaction
FBI collates these statistics sporadically, example here: https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/offenses-known-to-law-enforcement/expanded-homicide/expanded_homicide_data_table_6_murder_race_and_sex_of_vicitm_by_race_and_sex_of_offender_2013.xls Not on a computer so difficult to work out rates or dig furgher, but black people make up a roughly equivalent number of murderers to white - which would put their violent crime rate at I think ~5x the white crime rate. I believe someone recent posted the death by cop rate, which showed black people at ~2 the rate. I think it's quite likely that the majority of all police killings are in response to a violent crime- which puts the apparent death rates in perspective. Don't have the data for that one though, unsure of theres analysis out there at what underlies all the deaths which aren't reported on.
I made no comment on why black people commit more crimes. I actually agree with you, it's likely due to geography, class and family structure. Skin colour has no intrinsic relationship to crime. That is of course completely irrelevant to my point, that there is a plausible reason for why black people are killed at a higher rate than white people by the police. I don't expect the ability to comprehend from those who believe discussing statistics is fascism, so it's quite alright you got confused. Now to preempt your next point "black people are disadvantaged because of historic racism" - maybe, but that has nothing to do with whether the police are institutionally racist today.
Let's be real, that is what people are referring to in today's news cycle. People aren't protesting over miccroaggressions or whatever, they are protesting over what has, in my view inaccurately, been portrayed as hard and violent racism from a key institution Also I explicitly made that connection in the comment, so dunno why that excuses the fellow.
Hmm - so what's the police killing rate in that socio economic grouping? What does that imply about the racism of police?
Maybe, but that's not my point about the 'racism' of police. You can replace every single instance of black american with 'Male under 30' in your statement and it'd likely be factually true. Is that because males under 30 are discriminated against, or because males under 30 commit crimes at a disproportionately high rate.
I was using a non emotive example to demonstrate selection bias. I don't have in front of me the details of what you reference, but let's take stop and search as an easy illustrative example. Stop and search targets high crime areas with random searches. These high crime areas happen to have high black demographics. More black people are searched as a whole because of this scheme, but because the search is random, the hit rate is relatively low vs more targeted searches. The absolute hit amount is high, due to the volume of searches. Headline: black people stopped more often despite lower arrest rate! Reality: different demographics live in different neighberhoods which have different levels of crime. In the high crime area it is more worthwhile to do random searches, in the low crime area you search less randomly, because theres less chance its a worthwhile use of your time. The different search approaches have different hit rates.
They're not actually protesting the government though are they? Unless they think we're american.
Yes yes, whenever someone disagrees with a non white political it's because they're racist
Isnt that literally wpvp, just with the thin veneer of incredibly lopsided combat taken away? I agree it's silly, hence why I rolled pve, but I see no difference to phase 2 or otherwise imbalanced griefing
Just realise that most of it is outrage entertainment. Good example: Who's still talking about Cummings, 1(maybe 2?) week after he supposedly destroyed the government or lockdown. No one, we're gawking at some protests/riots in a different country that have practically 0 effect on us. It's even more the case when you look back to the scandals of last year... I think we were talking about how johnson was absolutely done for because hed signed something parliament had legally bound too &amp; some lost votes happened... yeah that didn't work out. June 2018; looks like we were talking about how US border control held children and adults apart &amp; this was basically worse than hitler &amp; apparently we were all outraged that a members bill on upskirting didn't have enough support to overcome 1 mp. It's not to say that there isnt important shit going on. Climate change, covid, chinas imprisonment of millions within camps - these are real issues that will have real effects now and in decades to come. But by going back and seeing how much of the news is froth, you can unpick yourself from the outrage cycle &amp; focus on what Important.
What if numbers wont work because you're on a 90:10 ratio server
Do you care more about news that happened to white people as a corollary to your thought?
-you think that someone who is black should identify with the rioters/protesters in America on account of skin colour ('how much more sick') -ignoring the problems behind that worldview and assuming you're white on account of where we are, would the reverse hold true? -ie would you identify with news more where it impacts white people?
If you want your position to be logically consistent then yeah I guess that's what you're asking for.
Spooky
It's alright guis our inflammatory unworkable slogan doesn't mean what it says!
Would you support forcing the police being equally likely to target old ladies for stop and search vs young men? After all, we apparently cant target interventions by usefulness.
My thinking is that if you want to create political slogans your intentions should vaguely match the slogans meaning.
The reality is that in a museum is out of sight, out of mind. I like stumbling across complicated historical snippets of another time, much better than sterile moderness.
Fascinating to watch the transformation of the left into a puritanical religion. Not only do you have public worship, evangelism, ministers, blasphemy laws, you've even revisited the concept of original sin.
Wasnt he the one who straight up accused the government of hiding deaths in grenfell?
By defending slave owner rights you mean he enabled a peaceful &amp; democratic expansion of minority rights, &amp; didn't go full US civil war? Wow he sounds pretty smart as well as morally just.
They are cowardly, but they are acting somewhat rationally. Theyve seen how quickly the mob can form and destroy something that was an every day part of life. Rather than fight that, they look at their bottom line and decide to play to safe. Sterilised entertainment and public life for us all, all because institutions are desperately trying to avoid being the target of the next daily hate.
Not all ethnic minority mps signed that letter. The minister was saying that those signed the letter are bad, not that all ethnic minority mps are bad. The fact that you apparently group all ethnic minorities with the race baiters demonstrates the need to be specific with the headline, and the typical racist attitude of the left towards ethnic minorities.
If you charge higher rates, eventually the only people who take your insurance will be those who are very likely to need it (ie above the general risk profile of people who consider it at a lower price). Insurance needs a broad pool of risk to be viable outside of bespoke arrangements.
At least attempting to combat china
Who cares about the WHO in the context of combatting chinas aggressive economic and imperialistic moves.
Oh wow interesting, the culture &amp; generational wealth of a migrant group explains their success over white people. Do you think the opposite might be true, that certain groups were predominantly less educated and wealthy when they migrated, and that this explains many demographic facts today outside the framework of racism? Also lol at the idea that the black community in the UK is a legacy of slavery or other ancient history. Windrush &amp; the associated migrant wave wouldn't have been a big deal of that were the case.
Like are we talking 0.1% or 0.01% of the population was black? How does that influence the black population of the uk today that is 3% in 2011? Are they all descended form people who had 40 babies a woman, or is the black community of today substantially the result of 20th century immigration.
That's only misleading if those emissions aren't counted in the other countries. The international standard is to record emissions where the economic activity occurs
What was the rate after adjusting for that? What if you adjust for age &amp; location? I wonder what the likelihood of being targeted is as a young man vs an old granny. Probably something ageist and sexist in there.
I'm sorry but: "Centering mathematics around deductive proof, as formal mathematics does, is mistaken, according to Raju" - this Is exactly why no one should take these people seriously, you might as well propose a journalism course that doesn't concern itself with reporting facts. Otherwise there are 2 main points - - theoretical university maths is not directly applicable to every day life in third world countries. Well yes, but it's not applicable to life in western countries either. I have yet to use set theory, even in my mathematical driven career. Theoretical maths is a logical thought process, from which techniques have been derived. The value to a student is teaching them how to think, similar to a philosophy course. If you want actually applicable maths, you should take an applied maths/engineering/statistics course... I suppose you could call them decolonised if you really want. - algebra, number symbols, basic geometry were created in many places and that should be recognised. I mean sure if it helps a primary school student learn, they can have it framed in that context- so long as they can still understand the syntax that the entire world uses. The issue is that this has nothing to do with university level maths, which pretty much teaches a refined form of developments from 1600 to 1900. From set theory to integrals to statistics, modern maths as a set of useful theories was built by almost entirely white men in the west. This has changed recently, but you're unlikely as an undergrad to review anything from the last century (it's too complicated)
Just for some perspective, I think it's pretty common for remote lines to get blown over, it's certainly happened in my country and maintenance has never been raised as an issue. From what I understand, the problem is the CA is effectively a tinder box.
It's not really about him, it's about his parents &amp; other elderly contacts that he'll kill. Just because the worlds gone clown world doesn't mean he has to as well.
Elderly people do not live in a hermetically sealed bubble - and there are others at risk too. &amp;#x200B; I think it's an interesting debate over lockdown vs deaths - but I can't see how there can be a debate over social distancing, washing hands etc. We're in a plague, one that approximately doubled deaths - no reason not to do low impact changes to behaviour.
The woman said that in the video, multiple times. She obviously believes police are out to kill black women &amp; went into a non cooperative panic.
View the comment chain you're in, this was kicked of by a guy proudly stating he wasn't even going to wash his hands more or social distance
I notice a lot of children being influenced by an event in America that has no real impact on them.... in the middle of a god damn plague
how does the 1997 cahrt make sense - labour got \~40% votes on top of the conservatives
I like how transparently you turn everything into an anti Boris/Government point.
Just an observation my friend, no need to get defensive.
colluding at an auction might be against some rules, not sure. Not a great look tho
&gt;When someone from Lybia does it, it very well can be religion-based homophobia, considering their home country's legal and cultural stance on homosexuality, but it could also be mental illness or drugs, so it's not unreasonable to look into such factors as well. Christianity isn't all that accepting of homosexuality either, so if someone from a dominantly christian country kills a homosexual person, do we immediately jump to religious extremism, or do we also consider other motives? &amp;#x200B; Thats literally the point of the article, if the attacker was a white christian there'd be all sorts of focus on whether this was homophobic attack. The attacker wasn't, so certain types bury the news as a sad story without further investigation. Terrible shame &amp; all that, but can't upset those higher on the progressive stack.
Pretty racist to assume you have superior understanding on the basis that you are not a panicky poc. Also terrorists try to drive political change through terror. Seems like that label would better fit those who try to portray a racist behind every piece of rope.
'Reason to believe' fucking lol are we going to have a parade against hate every time someone sees a loop
Do you maybe think that parades against hate lose their significance somewhat if we have one everytime someone gets spooked by a loop of rope? Who precisely is for this hate, what are we protesting against? What am I saying, repeated mass hysteria over illusionary enemies is super healthy!
Who's driving that fear tho? The person who tied a piece of rope to pull a garage door, who the media and conglomerates breathlessly presenting it as a symbol of hate for which they can be against?
I heard that people who set up the boy scouts a century or 2 ago did not have opinions and morals that exactly matched our current standards. BURN IT TO THE GROUND
12 million downloads, several people of which actually tested positive....
How many infections have been reported through those apps, how many contacts contacted?
Lower forecast growth does not imply shrinking, which is what the analysis paper said
Youd see it in secondary infections as they infect their family.
So not really working then on a national scale. I suppose could be a cost efficient addition in time if use cases rise.
See nazi is now taken to mean "held right wing views that do not match up to current day morality" She might be better described as a fascist, but dont really know enough to comment.
Go look at a gender demographic split of russia post war and think about who got of more lightly :)
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Russia_Sex_by_Age_19460101.png Civilians can be men to you know. Demographics dont lie, being a woman is better in war.
Literally not the case, military casualties were about 1/3 the total for Russia. A woman civilian might get raped, but a male civilian will straight up get executed in a total war. Also many civilians deaths were as a result of famine and disease- which effects men equally. But yeah, regardless if they were conscripted at the barrel of a gun to charge a professional military or if they were shot in reprisals for partisans, russian men died drastically more in ww2 - women had it relatively easy. Those women in other nations also had it easy relative to their men.
How far does it extend? Do white children need white mentors?
Diversity quotas, aversion to tackling grooming gangs targeting white girls, inability to say white lives matter without being accused of racism, focus of many on addressing specifically non white poverty (inner city schooling funding for example), literally most negatively stereotyped when young, https://yougov.co.uk/topics/politics/articles-reports/2015/12/14/young-white-men-most-derided But yeah no, tell people they arent allowed to say that white lives matter, I'm sure that will help.
So why not let them say white lives matter if they do indeed matter? It's no more an exclusionary statement than black lives matter
Crime, particularly murder, is generally directed at people you know or are near you, as the races are distributed differently youd expect most all the offenders to be the same race as the victim. We see this from the fbi stats, with ~85% of black victims murdered by black murderers. Being (in fact significantly over) near demographic representation in white murders is not in fact good, it shows overepresentation. Maybe the cleanest way to state this is that there are ~2x as many black on white murders as Visa versa from the fbi stats. If we have to use the lens of race to analyse crimes, unfortunately it will show that white people are far from being the problem. Also fyi, 2.9k black people murdered by black people in 2018; black deaths by cops of all races, justified and not, 229. I believe from the uk perspective its low single digits a year.
Didn't really answer the question, am I allowed to demand white teachers for my son? I'm sure I could argue that politicians and board members are irrelevant to the development of a young child. He needs people close to him who get involved and he can lookup to; do they need to be white and Asian? Also lol at the idea that asians are not racist. My in laws make me cringe sometimes tbh.
Surely for all lives mattering, a prerequisite is to say that white lives matter? But ok fine, you think the message is bad think. How exactly does it harm the black lives matter movement? Is the movement so fragile that it needs to exclude all other thought displays, right and wrong? If someone had trailed a banner saying it's ok to he straight, it's ok to be Christian - would you be as outraged?
Certainly aren't many white people working in skilled professions in most asian countries. They generally have very strict immigration laws and give jobs out on the basis of family connections. Why cant the same logic be applied to demand white preference?
80% including hispanic deaths/murders, seems in line. I guess the point seems to be that the people dying are killed by other black people, not the police. 224 in a year, of which let's be real a significant proportion will be not clear cut. People only seem to protest a very few number of clear cut deaths, do not sure how relevant the other points are.
It's not taking away any message, its adding a different message which people should be free to hear - or ignore! So I'm sorry, you might be an individual, but as you apparently want the state to crush messages you disagree with, you fit in with that ideology.
Depends on what you mean. We tell them to go stop dangerous individuals. That requires high degrees of training and monitoring, but ultimately we hold citizens to a higher standard (expectation of de-escalation where possible) We could hold then to that standard, but society will get quite angry when for example thieves can get away Scott free by not wearing bike helmets, or a drunk driver isnt stopped, or gangs aren't cracked down on. Seems to me there isnt much point in a police force which cannot engage in violence as a last resort. Could the US police specifically be held to higher standards? Watching the reaction to the Atlanta police killing, tbh they seem to be held to too high standards in at least some cases. You going to admit the violence the black us community faces isnt from the police?
Oh that's ok, they want to have a strategy for abolishing the police, as opposed to... just screaming it into thin air? Very reassured now
It's better when a police officer engages in violence - assuming that violence is justified under the law. Murder/exortion are crimes, so clearly its equally bad whomever commits it. Killing/beating an individual - well we explicitly ask police to stop dangerous criminals, so in many cases they will be justified. The expectation for civilians is to descalate/flee, hence why it's less likely to be justified. The reality is that each individual instance needs to be individually judged. That police killing in Atlanta- clearly justified. The george floyd case - clearly murder. I don't believe the us police resort to violence as a first resort. I believe they are more ready to engage with violence, because frankly they are dealing with a more violent and armed population than most western countries. What precisely do you mean by kidnap - are you referring to being arrested? Finally its A- by and large prison populations correlate with criminal rates.
I mean yes, they want to defund ir abolish the police. Budgets are for the most part transferable, £ not spent on the police is a £ spent on whatever else you prioritise.
Mate you wrote a lot of words to say they want to abolish the police and replace it with something else. That's fine if that's their goal, they are free to agitate replacing police with partisan enforcers, social workers, someone asking criminals very nicely to stop, whatever. But there goal is to abolish the police lol. It doesn't matter what they want to do afterwards, that's their goal.
I'm not sure what's going on tbh anymore. I'll do a reenactment from my perspective using schools: Crazy movement: all teachers are bastards! Look here someone was horribly abused in a different continent in a school! Abolish the schools! Defund education! Reasonable people: look at these deficients screeching about abolishing schools You: Acshually they have a strategy to abolish schools! I dunno what it is though, might involve homeschooling, might involve training half the pupils to be clowns, could be that we just rename them to centres of selfintellectual fulfillment and retain the staff! So yeah you're being misleading! Reasonable people: ... so you're saying they want to abolish schools? You: bad faith actor!
Oh I'm sorry, wanting to have a strategy to the abolish schools and replace them with clown training makes it so much better. You cant semantic your way out of this sir, its black and white.
Absolute here means they're actually impoverished, ie cant afford to rent or eat or heat. Relative refers to less than x% of median income. They're not talking about absolute as in # of people.
Hint, it's when median wages declined so the number in relative poverty declined. This metric of poverty is literally counter cyclical to the economy - it's a measure of inequality not poverty.
In this particular case, it's a tourist attraction which they preserved for tourism reasons.
Why even have the trial if that's societies attitide
Sorry, you can't just define everyone by their skin colour and genitalia &amp; then get upset when the 'wrong' group begins to identify along those lines.
I mean you say that, but we're in a thread about how police officers were charged for shooting at a child abuser who violently resisted arrest for a dui, to the point of stealing a taser and firing it at the police
You know archer counting shots during a gun fight is a gag not a real thing right
I think we've all been saying that for the last \~6 years, doesn't seem to be working
Bro it's a pull cord with a loop handle on a garage that was tied months before the driver used it, you are being ridiculous. Have you seen a photo of it?
