Good to know: I might be moving to SLC later this year for school. Usually, when birth-cultists start going heavy on the bingos, I just tell them I'm sterile and that shuts them up (they don't need to know about my surgical procedure 3 years ago.)
I've largely heard the same, apparently there's a HUGE LGBTQ presence there (or so Utah friends tell me.)
Agreed, Moab is absolutely gorgeous.
SLC has a long-standing reputation of being very veteran-friendly. If you're an unemployed veteran in the city, you've done gone n' fucked up SOMEWHERE.
I'm a veteran myself, trust me when I say boy-howdy do we struggle. But I think I see your point, every city is going to have it's upsides and downsides; it's just a matter of what you can put up with. For example, I moved to Arkansas from Portland (Maine) in 2007. Why the fuck would I choose ARKANSAS? Well, in Portland I was paying $1500 a month in rent for a shitty studio apartment that had no parking available, had to pay annual trash &amp; recycling fees to the "city" or they wouldn't take my trash, ridiculous parking laws with obscene violation fees, there are also fucking junkies everywhere, etc... Know what I'm paying for rent near down here? $600 a month for a 2BR, and I have my own guaranteed parking space. No trash fees, cheap public transit, nicer weather, etc... Yeah, it's the fucking South. I have to put up with bigoted "Christians" from time to time. But at least I'm not being nickel-and-dimed to death in a heroin-infested shit-pit.
Well, I went to school on my G.I Bill, so I'm lucky that I don't have to worry about debt. But I'm also not a STEM kind of person, and I promise you that MY CITY's public transit system is reliable and broad. Like SLC is for Utah, Fayetteville is for Arkansas.
This would be a good opportunity to teach him the importance of boundaries and respect for autonomy: "Son, I am a grown up. And if I want to date someone, then I will. That is a decision that I will make for myself and on my own terms, as one day when you grow up you'll be able to on your own. I realize that you mean well, but this badgering is going to stop and it's going to stop right now."
&gt; I don't want to be rude to him about it YOU are the parent. YOU are the one in charge, which he seems to have forgotten. Therefore, it's on YOU to lay down the law. And if that means being rude, then so be it. Your son may love you, but it's clear that he doesn't respect you: It's not your job to be his friend, whether or not doing your job would be "rude" is the least of your problems here. If I ever disrespected MY parents like that, they'd shut that shit down without a second thought.
&gt; "Give us grandchildren" Give me a house, money, affordable access to healthcare, a competent public school system... and I STILL won't.
I know people with anxiety who've had children, now they have children with anxiety... and still have anxiety.
Even if I lived in a country with universal healthcare and free r affordable higher education... I still can't because I had a tubal ligation 3 years ago.
If you don't tell him and he finds out the truth some other way, he will be furious (and rightly so, your "nervousness" could send him to prison!) Tell him.
"But it's so amazing [growing a life inside you!](https://i.imgur.com/RAaBOBD.mp4)"
Already have two, we had to get permission from our landlord to move in with them.
Trolls browse this sub pretty regularly, I know for a fact some of our posts have wound up on 4CHAN before.
Not a bad idea, thank you.
I was kept awake for 4 straight days in Baghdad, that usually shuts them up.
Well, centuries ago, all of those kids would eventually be learning the "family trade" and being put to work, too. So the kids were too busy making pots or shoveling shit to bother their mother.
Actually, yeah I did! Fortunately, the shit-storm ended right around the time I started thinking that I was seeing my dead relatives wandering around the FOB and I had to be ORDERED to go sleep. But because I don't have kids, I STILL "don't know tired/busy/miserable/etc..."
You have every right to refuse affection, so in that regard you don't owe him anything. BUT, I think you should explain that you aren't feeling well, that way he'll know that the issue wasn't specifically HIM.
Yeah, you REALLY should have added that very very very important detail in your original post.
She's an adult, she's made her discomfort clear, and if you actually valued this friendship then you'd respect her wishes.
Credit Cards
Good to know :-)
Utah: Full of crazies, but some of the most gorgeous landscapes I had ever seen.
Your father is a grown adult, he made his (shitty) choices in life, he'll learn to live with the consequences. You can encourage him to seek professional help, but it's not your job to "save" him.
&gt; What can my daughter do, if anything, to help her mom that won't be too emotionally taxing for her own self? Why should she? It's not a child's job to "fix" their parent. &gt; I'd be fine never dealing with her again, but she is always going to be the mother of our children Your "children" are old enough to work and drive, they are adults, and they DON'T HAVE TO involve her in their lives unless THEY DECIDE that they want to. &gt; What can I do, to prevent another such occurrence? Aside from notifying police or social services, nothing. She's obviously ill, and unless you're also a licensed psychiatrist then this isn't something you're qualified to handle. You've already done the best thing possible for her, and that was getting a divorce. If her behavior genuinely concerns you THAT MUCH, don't let her in your house again.
No means no, seek professional help for your intrusive thoughts and move on with your life.
"If YOU want to make a child happy so badly, then YOU go give her a doll... YOUR DOLL!"
I would go insane living any kind of life where I'd have to give up my autonomy, no fucking thank you.
YES: Some STIs can stay dormant in your system for years, regardless of how "careful" you are. HSV-2 is among those, it can be dormant for many years without a single outbreak. It'd be a good idea to get tested anyway.
I think the best thing you can do is move out: These decent friends you have, ask them if they'd be okay with you crashing on their sofa for a while until you get a place of your own. Get out of there, get out on your own, and never speak to that awful woman again: That is NOT how you treat family!
At the absolute least, following "sexy" profiles with your official "business" profile is damn unprofessional. There are successful ways to "advertise" that don't involve creeping on other girls' profiles, and to use this as an excuse is just shitty business strategy as well as being a shitty person. Furthermore, he's doing this knowing full well that it upsets you and not caring: This alone would be a deal-breaker for most people.
&gt; I feel disrespected. That's your problem, not hers. &gt; Since I saw that I can’t sleep properly or eat a proper meal. Maybe you should talk to a therapist, then. If this is bothering you so badly that you can't function, then you might need help. &gt; I think I should just leave her alone. That's probably the smartest thing you've said this entire post.
&gt; her pictures are all I look forward to every day, except when her new bf is in them. You need a healthier hobby, as well as professional help, and you need it NOW. &gt; She said she would always love me, doesn’t that mean she would get back with Me after I’ve changed? NO: She doesn't owe you anything just because you want it, no matter how badly you want it. No amount of "change" is ever going to change that.
Court proceedings are public record, there was no "privacy" to invade. You're within your right to cut all contact and protect your family: She chose a known and confessed kiddie-diddler over her own family, she made her choice and she'll learn to live with the consequences. As for how to bring it up to your own children, I can only give you an example from my own life: I was told by my mother at age 11 to "stay away from Uncle J" and I had no idea who they were talking about, then she pointed him out to me. Dude would not stop staring at me, so I left the room with my parents immediately. I later asked them in private why he was being so weird, then they told me what he did to his own daughter. He just shows up to family gatherings unannounced sometimes, to include weddings and funerals: He knows he's not welcome, but he does it anyway. Keep her (AND HER "HUSBAND") away from your children at all costs.
&gt; Mom: Oh my god, why do you have to be like that?! &gt; Dad: Yeah, you don't have to be so blunt and cruel. Well, you don't have to be so willingly ignorant, either. And yet, you keep saying dumb shit about me having babies when you know full well that'll never fucking happen.
&gt; Cringy, I know, especially when you’re reading this in 2018. Ah, the notorious Dependas and their shenanigans... Trust me, not much has changed!
No, no, no, NO, and NO! This is NOT how an "open relationship" works! He hemms-and-haws over it for ages, then just passed it off to you like he was ordering a pizza? Furthermore, just acts on his impulse knowing full well how it upsets you? NO! Open relationships take discussion, agreement, compromise, and 100% consent from ALL parties involved. If you want more information about how healthier poly relationships look, there are any number of poly forums on facebook and even a r/polyamory. You don't "owe" him something you're not okay with.
&gt; I responded by grabbing her and moving her into the hallway. When she tried to come back in I pushed her back into the hallway closing the door and then blocking the door by sitting on the floor. And THAT is where you made a bad situation worse, you just gave her exactly what she needed for an at-fault divorce and maybe even a domestic abuse case. Get away from her, for your own sake AND hers.
I have a sleep disorder, and I approve of this dick-baggery!
&gt; They are really attached to the idea of the baby being ‘theirs’, so they don’t want to adopt. And they have the nerve to call YOU "selfish" though? As an adopted kid now grown up, I'd happily tell them to their faces that I WAS a "real child" just like any other, and they can take their prejudices with them all the way straight down to Hell!
I fucking hate bees and that made me mad!
Well, at least some good folks out there had the kindness to start a GoFundMe to help re-grow their business. SOME faith in humanity has been restored! But if some little punks vandalized MY business, there'd be no pit deep enough on Earth for them to hide in 'cause I'd be on the fucking war-path.
I hope they get the maximum sentence.
&gt; I guess this all started on the first date when he asked how many kids I wanted. Pack you bags and run, RUN... ╔═══╦╗─╔╦═╗─╔╦╦╦╗ ║╔═╗║║─║║║╚╗║║║║║ ║╚═╝║║─║║╔╗╚╝║║║║ ║╔╗╔╣║─║║║╚╗║╠╩╩╝ ║║║╚╣╚═╝║║─║║╠╦╦╗ ╚╝╚═╩═══╩╝─╚═╩╩╩╝ Get a new phone, change your passwords, and enable 2-factor authentication: This guy has psycho written all over him!
The only time a small child EVER belongs in the workplace... is if you run a daycare center. While it's true that young children act out sometimes, your sister's excuses are unacceptable and so is her "parenting." That kid needs to be in daycare or at home, and she needs to get her head out of her backside: "Find a sitter, or find another job."
In my case, yes, MY reasons for being CF are mostly rooted in feminist values: If we want to live in a society where we truly have the freedom to choose when they start a family and how big it will be, then it only makes sense that there will be some people who choose not to AT ALL. But as far as "Feminist Mombies" are concerned, I can think of nothing more antithetical to the goals and ideals of feminism than trying to invalidate women's choices and/or tell them how to live.
I have HSV-1... NO.
&gt; "I'll kiss your child. But only if you straight up let me LICK YOUR FACE after I've Sucked off a hobo.
There's A LOT of information missing here: When did you guys break up? Why? Did someone cheat? We can't give you helpful answers without more information.
Probably Arkansas
It was an art school, so day ONE.
She lied to you, from day one of your marriage: Divorce her.
Your boyfriend's illness sounds more serious than he may like to admit, and I think you'd do well to end things and stop enabling him: It's not your job to be his caretaker, he's a grown adult and so are YOU.
In the particular State that I grew up in, if a tail-gaiter hit you after you tapped your brakes then the law said that it would be THEIR FAULT because they were too close. So I used to tap or sometimes stomp my brakes, made one guy swerve into a ditch once. Fuck him, he shouldn't have been tail-gating.
Iraq Veteran, here: Marines? Seriously? Not if you ever want to get a job again after your contract is up. Air Force or Army, trust me on this. You Mom may be experiencing some kind of tough time right now and/or maybe struggling with an illness, and while that doesn't excuse her behavior it may explain it. When she behaves badly, try to leave the situation if you can. Put as much distance between yourselves as possible, and whatever you do, DON'T TOUCH HER! You should take a look at r/raisedbynarcissists
Sadly, yes.
I grew up there: You bet your ass!
Going shopping together isn't so bad, I'm almost 40 and still shop with my Mom from time to time. It's the mindless obedience that troubles me. He's a grown man, he can't make his own decisions like one? Is he that scared of upsetting her or something? Think of what kind of future MIGHT happen if he continues to allow her to rule his life: Is she going to pick his wedding attire, too? IF you decide to have children, is she going to insist on their names? Is she going to pick your future house, too? No, this ISN'T normal: He's not a man, he's still a child.
This girl already admitted to having taken the soother, and obviously it upsets your daughter, so there is no reason whatsoever from here on out to continue to allow this girl to enter your home. Maybe ask r/legaladvice on the subject of civil suits, it may seem a bit extreme but you paid for those toys with your own money, right? Your daughter is right to be upset, you shouldn't be "apologizing" for that.
A bald eagle snatching a fish out of a lake and then tearing it's fishy fucking guts out.
Also a viable explanation. Basically, consider the possibility that there's more to his story than what you see on the surface.
He's not gonna take it ANYMORE, or ever again.
I think you need to swing on by r/raisedbynarcissists and see if her behavior sounds "familiar." Seriously, not cool. I'd say that's worthy of going no-contact, and telling your friend exactly what she did.
Then it's on YOU to put a stop to that and not let her into your home ever again, and make it clear to your husband that further unacceptable behavior will absolutely not be tolerated.
She sounds incredibly immature and possessive, that's not normal or healthy. You are not responsible for other people's poor behavior, I think you'd do well to leave her and move on with your own life.
Sounds like you need to get out from under her thumb and go no-contact: It may sound cruel, but then again so is placing your current love interest above your own children's needs. You might want to take a look at r/raisedbynarcissists and see if her behavior sounds "familiar." Don't give her any money, don't accept any money from her, don't give her ANY ROPE with which she can "hang" you later on. Just go, crash on a friend's couch until you can find your own place and never speak to her again. To hell with her, she made her bad choices and she'll learn to live with the consequences... alone.
Fuck it, say it anyway: It's not like down-votes can physically harm you. They want "advice," they surrender bitching rights when someone tells them something they don't want to hear.
Zardoz is a fucking classic
"Keep your stinky meat siren away from me, I don't know what they might be carrying."
Is it at all possible that he's simply changed his mind about his career goals? He's a grown adult capable of making his own decisions, and he seems to have done exactly that. You simply cannot make another grown adult do something that they just don't want to, no matter how well meaning you think you are. If you care about him at all, then suck up your pride and just be respectful of his wishes... or the next thing that he MIGHT change his mind about could very well be YOU.
Why are you wasting your time and energy trying to plug a hole in the Titanic? He did what he did, he made his choice, he'll learn to live with the consequences of his mistake. You should move on with your own life as well, you're better off without him.
You don't need his permission to visit your own family, you know. If he doesn't want to go, then obviously you can't make him... BUT, his behavior does concern me a bit. If he doesn't have a close relationship with his own family, then that's HIS business. But as for when you see YOUR OWN, well, he simply has no say in the matter. You're a grown adult, stand up for yourself like one.
I'm almost 40 and still pick my nose.
Anyone who had kids for the sole purpose of having a retirement plan freely admits that they think of their children as unpaid employees, or slaves at worst.
It looks like you've already made your decision in your heart and in your head, but you're looking for justification for your feelings: Don't worry, you have it! He lied time and time again, he admitted to being manipulative, and while most people (including many women like myself) don't consider porn in general to be an issue, he made the active decision to ignore your feelings and indulge himself. Don't renew the lease: He made his choice, he'll learn to live with the consequences of his poor decisions.
And then there's the part where you walk across the street and die of an overdose, while your "fans" take photos of themselves with your corpse.
NO: Certain aspects of other peoples' lives, even YOURS, are simply none of their business. You and your sister are adults who no longer live under their roof, they are not entitled to anything just because they happen to be your parents. And no, their concerns ARE NOT in line with other parents of adult children, because there's no point to even being a parent in the first place if you don't like the idea of your "kids" eventually becoming "grown ups" who are going to do whatever the hell they want to when they reach that point. Their behavior is absolutely inappropriate, and if they were MY PARENTS then I wouldn't even be the least bit sad about going no-contact.
She's capable of making her own choices, and you simply weren't one of them. That's just life, you either learn how to cope or you wallow in your self-pity and dig yourself into a hole. Move on with your life, kid. It hasn't even started yet.
Like Courtney Love?
Susan Smith, Casey Anthony, Karla Faye Tucker, Eileen Wournos, Countess Erzebet Bathory, Jodi Arias, and the bitch who just got caught with 13 kids &amp; teenagers chained up in her basement would all disagree.
Divorce, of course.
Tacos... 42 of them
For the same reason some women smoke or drink during pregnancy: Selfishness. And I've quit smoking, okay: Sure, it wasn't fun, but it was NOT that goddamn difficult compared to coming off of a regiment of pain-killers.
Sometimes, you just wanna good fuck without the drama. There's nothing abnormal about that whatsoever, women have desires and appetites just like men do.
Kids are not something you can compromise on, there are no take-backsies with babies. If you two can't come to a mutually beneficial agreement, then maybe you simply don't have a future together.
Your sister made an unfortunate choice, she'll learn to live with the consequences therein: Stop paying for her stuff, and don't talk to HER in turn.
Her bad decisions are quite literally not your problem.
When did I say her disability was a "bad decision?" NEVER, that's when! Disabled or not, she treats you like absolute shit and sounds like a terrible human being in general. Her issues and upbringing may explain her behavior, but they do not excuse it. She cut you out of her life, so grow a spine and cut off her money: You just don't shit in your own fridge, man!
"I'm very flattered, but I can't: I just got out of a relationship very recently, it's taken a toll on me, and I need to figure things out for myself."
Jerk off all day
Cats before brats!
I think the expectations of cleaning are reasonable, I don't understand the mindset that some people seem to have where they think it's okay to uphold zero responsibility for their own living space (doubly confusing when they share that space with someone else!) I don't think anything like threatening to move out will work, but you also aren't his caretaker. I'd say that if he insists on basically treating you like his mother, then make up a "chore chart" like a mother: Maybe this will be a not-so-subtle kick-in-the-ass for him to get his act together. If he still refuses, then maybe re-consider the relationship. He may love you, but it sounds like he doesn't respect you.
I've been fucking shot at, I'm not scared of BABIES. I'm just not interested in them.
&gt; Hooboy he's got a fear of doctors sooo What is he more afraid of: Talking to someone in a white coat? Or you leaving him? He needs professional help, BADLY.
Sounds like she made some shitty choices in life, she'll learn to live with the consequences of those choices: If that means that her family ignores her, then so be it. BUT the bad judgement call about the real estate agent DOES concern me. If you can't deal with her directly, maybe see if social services can drop by and find out if she's unwell.
I've had to leave a severely (mentally) ill partner in the past, who also started neglecting his own life and refused to seek help: Trust me when I say that there is no such thing as "back to normal."
I can't guarantee that I would have handled the situation as "patiently" as you did, he's have woken up missing teeth if that were ME.
If MY spouse made sudden changes to our plans without even discussing it with me first, I'd be sorely tempted to stay with friends for a week or two. You really REALLY should have had a face-to-face conversation with your wife first, dude.
A bucket. A literal bucket of piss.
Block him already. Why on Earth would you stay in contact with someone who'd behave like this? He's obviously got some issues if he's going to go off on YOU over HIS bad behavior. Block him on ALL social media, change your passwords, and enable 2-factor authentication on your accounts. Seriously, he's bad news. You have no valid reason to keep in contact in any capacity, he sounds utterly insane.
&gt; "But (16 yr old cousin) said SHE'S not having any babies EITHER!" SHE'S 16 YEARS FUCKING OLD! She shouldn't be having babies EVEN IF SHE WANTED THEM!
"Oh, you think it's cute to violate MY bodily autonomy? Let's see how cute it'll be if someone should just 'happen' to 'accidentally' flush your blood-pressure meds during the night!"
Oi vey...
As an adoptee, I wanna punch people like that in their fucking throats.
Research the laws and customs of that country in advance.
My own.
Yes, because your children aren't your fucking property.
&gt; you don't know what it is like to be tired Last time someone said that to me, I responded with "Excuse me, what unit did YOU deploy with? Can you recall the sound of an RPG slamming into concrete or the smell of the dust all around you in 110 degree heat? Yeah, fuck off." &gt; you don't know what it is like to be.. sick IDK, ever see a smallpox vaccine start to SPREAD? That shit was pretty terrifying, and painful. It's like having a kid consumes their entire identity to the point that they can no longer relate or empathize with other people, so they feel this deep-seeded need to invalidate other peoples' lives and experiences. It doesn't get much more narcissistic and arrogant than that!
Last time I heard anyone try to make an argument that you could legit own a human being, they were talking about SLAVERY. I get that sometimes (about the username) and it's aparrently an album title from a German industrial/metal band.
Lucky for me, my MOS was more technically oriented and didn't involve the kicking in of doors, really. And as far as Iraq over-all, it was a genuinely unique and life-changing experience. Yes, there were things that happened there that I'd rather forget, but I also made some amazing life-long friends and learned some things about life that I otherwise wouldn't have.
It's not your job to play care-taker for your nearly-adult sister, your parents are supposed to be PARENTS. No more, you have your own life, draw the line and enforce it.
&gt; There have to be other resources for her at school. No kidding, she can join a team or something!
Maybe it's not really ADHD? Could be something else.
ARMOR by John Steakly.
At 21, you should be out of the house and on your own anyway. You need to get out of that place and start enforcing your own boundaries, it's shitty that your mother made the choices that she did but they were HER CHOICES and she alone should bear the consequences. Move out.
I would think that maybe the school doesn't want to be held liable for anything that could happen to that kid, right? If for whatever reason she DOES wind up bringing her kid, maybe seek sleeping arrangements elsewhere.
&gt; Any chance he will stop now that he realizes what he's done Get out while you can, it's only going to get worse. MUCH WORSE.
Wow, um... WHY are you with this guy exactly? Drop him, he's bad news.
&gt; Sounds like he's a really shitty boyfriend. He sounds like a really shitty PERSON.
I have Asperger's, I sometimes did the same thing as a youth. Just saying.
George Carlin, first time I ever cried over the death of a celebrity. That man could do things with words, man...
Yep, my family is from NYC. That's the LEAST I've known someone to pay for a wedding.
Maybe you're in the wrong career field entirely. Do you have a degree of any kind? Is the military an option for you? What would you rather be doing?
I'm sorry that this is painful for you, but she is a grown adult and can make her own decisions. If these feelings continue to overwhelm you, then maybe you should consider talking to a professional about them.
Sometimes people have to get away from dysfunctional or abusive families, which it sounds like possibly maybe the case with your Dad not wanting to talk to HIS family. If your uncle isn't even allowed in your house, then it's probably for a very good reason. Try not to think about it too much, focus on school and getting a job or going to college in your future: These things might make more sense as you grow up.
Call your grandmother and tell her what's been happening. Tell a teacher at school, tell them how you're being treated. Tell a police officer, if you can. This is not okay, you don't deserve this.
The guest tried to kill himself by OD'ing on pills... and failed.
You're a grown adult, you don't have to do a damn thing that you don't honestly want to. Fact is, you are not your mother's property and you never were, and if she continues to harass you about it then you'd be within your right to go no-contact.
You NEED to show him the message, if you see a future with this guy then you need to be honest with him about how his own family behaves toward you. I'm sorry that you experienced that.
Most boring RedTube video EVER
It's okay, we're all laughing "with" you.
Existential dread.
Your Charisma modifier is -2
Turns out that the malignant mass growing inside of her was YOU.
Psych major? His life is already over!
I'm an adoptee, and I approve this post.
I may have said and done this once or twice before already (forgive the whiskey), but have an up-vote for the awesome username!
Iraq Veteran chiming in, here: Your son needs to talk to a professional about this ASAP, if he doesn't get the help he needs in processing his trauma then it could scar him for life. He's at an age where learning coping skills is crucial anyway, doubly so in the wake of a trauma of any kind. Whatever you do, DO NOT try to force him to "talk about it!" Don't ask prodding questions, let him talk about his issues on his own terms (if he wants to talk about it with you, then he will.) And don't be offended or hurt if he doesn't discuss his feelings with you personally, as long as he has SOMEONE (like a shrink, or even a trusted friend.) Hope that helps.
My comment wasn't intended to be an accusation, ma'am. I've known many people whom, with good intentions, wind up inadvertently making a traumatized person's ordeal worse with constant questions or "trying to encourage dialogue." The reason being that a traumatized person needs some measure of security or control over their situation in order to aide recovery, "prodding" forces thoughts and memories back into their minds. It's a common mistake lots of people make without even realizing it. &gt; We have tried professional help Keep trying.
I'm not the world's foremost expert on divorce law, but if he's still legally married to HER... while being in a relationship with YOU... then that still counts as infidelity and therefore SHE can hit HIM with "At Fault" proceedings. If she does this, it will not bode well for him. Honestly, though, I think the best thing you can do is walk away from this situation before it explodes.
Try posting this in r/legaladvice, it sounds like you have grounds for a restraining order at least.
A bunch of letters all at once, they all say the same thing: #MIND YOUR OWN FUCKING BUSINESS! (BTW, opening someone else's mail is a serious federal crime punishable with 5 years in prison PER OPENED CONTENT)
I'm a female Iraq Vet, and I second this.
If you think joining the military is the best possible way to avoid picking up other people's slack and other bureaucratic BS, I have a few acres of lush forest in Baghdad to sell you.
&gt; don’t join the military to escape that bullshit. It’s ten times worse. If you're going to join, do it because you actually WANT TO be a soldier.
Another veteran here: While the military is full of unique opportunities for people willing and able to push themselves, it comes with it's own fucked up kind of "life-script" that can destroy people. If you think the administrative situation at your civilian job is poorly handled, active duty units aren't much better (mine was a total cluster-fuck.) If you have questions about military life in general, you can ask me. If you're going to join up, don't do it to get away from something (I've seen too many decent young people join for bad reasons and regret it later.) Join because you actually WANT TO be a soldier.
If you're willing to take the risk and make the effort, then you'll probably do well in the military. The Army opened doors for me that I never would have been able to access as a civilian, and to some degree my life IS BETTER as a result. But that all came at fucking PRICE, man.
I also find crying babies in public irritating, but I also remember that they are BABIES. They can barely contemplate up from down, or even their own bodily functions; I can't give a baby too much shit because that's all they can really do. BUT... the responsibility for that baby falls completely on the parent, and she really should have taken her baby to a quieter place.
1 - I never experienced any, and I had mine at 32. 2 - They were a little off timing-wise for the first month or so, and the following cycle was only slightly more painful than usual. But afterwards, they were fine. 3 - No and no. 4 - if anything, it's improved: I can have sex without the fear of an accidental pregnancy! 5 - Nope :-)
Good on you! To hell with him, I hope he learned his lesson.
[I know that feel](https://2.bp.blogspot.com/_vev0qJqPeSU/R81xMMZmX2I/AAAAAAAAAT4/W5S-Go6FaAY/s400/revulsion_utter.jpg)
Drugs and self hatred
There's a lot of information missing here: What's YOUR major? Are you working on the side (or does he)? Are either of you on sports teams or in greek organizations? Some additional information would be helpful in giving you a better answer. In general, your grades will reflect the amount of effort and commitment you put into your work. And if you feel that you ARE doing your best and STILL not getting the results you want, then you're probably in a major that just isn't for you.
I think the most irritating bingo is: "You're slapping infertile women in the face!" First of all, I'd tell you to go get fucked but you might just get knocked up. Second, I would think that women who are infertile and WANT to have children probably don't appreciate their pain and suffering being used as a prop for YOUR BAD IDEAS. Last, My decision to be CF has absolutely zero impact on their ordeal and it never will. What I do with my life and my body is my own damn business.
&gt; "You were a kid once" You were also a hot wad of cum, excuse me I need a shower.
Would that be so bad? I mean, are minorities treated like second class citizens or something? &lt;/sarc&gt;
&gt; She says she wants to be able to access my phone so she knows she can trust me. Spoken like a true control freak, you'd be better off changing your code (and your passwords) and dumping her.
&gt; If this isn't happening, you need to talk to your VA people ASAP. Iraq vet, here: You should also look into programs like Voc Rehab or grants tailored specifically for veterans and their families. In terms of paying for school, you have more options than you realize.
&gt; but I need to either get her back or move on. . The latter. SHE dumped YOU, she made her choice and you need to respect that. You're only 21, you'll have other relationships in the future. Slow your roll, high-speed.
For my undergrad degree, I had to take a history class specifically about the Holocaust. While my professor was awesome, I'd come home from each class basically wanting to drink an entire bottle of SOMETHING.
Fair point, I think a lot of people hear the word "Muslim" and automatically picture a brown person in their heads. Ideas don't have skin, therefore they don't have color. EDIT: Spelling mistake LOL
Ugh, people like that piss me off: You made a commitment to that poor animal, you can suck up your pride and give it the attention it needs or you shouldn't have it at all. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go hug MY kitties extra close.
When I was in the Army, my "job" was something essentially similar to the Geek\-Squad desk (but I had a gun.) One of the very few nice things about my job in the military was that I was able to tell very high\-ranking people one magic word: "NO." Sure, we'd catch some heat from the brass every so often if they didn't get their way, but we had very specific rules and procedures to follow and they were very strictly enforced by our superiors. While deployed in Iraq, we once had a Colonel visit our help\-desk asking us to install some of the super\-secret communications network\-y stuff in his own living quarters... which was not only against procedure, but against THE FUCKING LAW. This Colonel wasn't from our unit, but he's a very high ranking officer and therefore technically my "boss," right? So when myself and two other enlisted soldiers very calmly explained to him that we were not going to do that as well as the exact reasons as to WHY it simply wasn't going to happen... no joke, he stared blankly at us for about 7\-10 seconds without saying a word, then picked up a computer monitor off a nearby desk, smashed it against the floor, and left. It wasn't one of our monitors either, it belonged to another unit.
"Why... it's almost as if decisions often come with long\-lasting and life\-changing consequences. Golly!"
\&gt; $20000\+ for IVF. "But adopting is too expensive!" Bull\-fuckity\-shit, it is! If you're willing to pay $10K \- $20K per round of IVF, then you can afford to suck up your pride and adopt.
Don't do it: I made this mistake when I was your age, and then within a year slowly started seeing my account balance get smaller and smaller and smaller etc... You're an adult, you don't owe her shit.
\&gt; I also don’t care that you know someone who REALLY wants to have them but can’t. ME: "Literally not my fucking problem. Besides, maybe infertile people don't appreciate strangers using THEIR PAIN like YOUR PERSONAL FUCKING PROP."
Besides, even if someone WAS stupid enough to fall for what amounts to an ethically dicey version of the "Kids are starving in Africa, so eat your vegetables" argument, how is Person A having a baby they don't actually want going to solve Person B's infertility problems?
The only reason a couple would split bills is if they live under the same room and/or share something like a utility bill or insurance policy. No one held a gun to her head and MADE HER buy a phone she could barely afford, she made that choice on her own ad choices sometimes come with consequences (that just life.) If your name's not on it,t hen it's simply not your problem.
&gt;But if they want a kid so bad, they can adopt. "Oh but it'll never be my REAL child!" Anyone who'd turn up their nose at a child in need while simultaneously bitching about "how empty the house feels without the pitter-patter of tiny feet" is a horrible person and doesn't deserve to have children AT ALL. The kids didn't ask to be born, don't be a fucking prick.
Walk away, don't look back, get in your car, and don't stop driving until you run out of gas.
That's why I said "IF you can..." IF, words have meanings. Abuse doesn't have to be physical, maybe consider telling someone at your school.
Can't say that I have, please describe it for me.
r/childfree represent!
Just because it's legal doesn't make it okay, you should talk to your parents about this because they may be able to protect you.
Yes, that would have spared A LOT of confusion. Still, since this is bothering you so much and he's unwilling to admit to anything, you should consider ending the marriage anyway because it sounds like he's using the "marriage" for his own means somehow and hurting you in the process.
It is not okay to modify or destroy another person's property without their approval. EVER. You need professional help.
If it actually bothered you that much, you'd have just ended things. You're both young, she'll figure herself out and so will you. But for future reference, ultimatums are a shitty thing to drop on people no matter how well intentioned you may feel (and they often backfire.)
"Your personal problems do not outweigh me keeping my job, since you claim to be so poor then you of all people should understand. Abide by the rules or stay home."
I realize that you think you mean well, and I don't blame you for being concerned, but there's A LOT here that concerns me about your reaction: One, the fact that you intimidated her into a confession and then forced it out of her. Regardless of whether or not this activity is actually consensual, THIS IS NOT HOW YOU GAIN AND KEEP YOUR CHILD'S TRUST. You've just shown her that your own personal satisfaction is more important than her ability to learn and grow, and then you're actually surprised that she doesn't want to talk to you? I know this because my mother used to do the same shit (and then how dare she wonder why when I was ACTUALLY assaulted, I wasn't comfortable with telling her about it. Honestly, I found it all rather insulting.) Next, it's not your body and therefore what she does with hers is not your choice to make. It doesn't matter if YOU aren't okay with it, by her own words SHE IS. You're just going to have to accept the fact that she's curious about some things that you don't like. Teenagers experiment with each-other, that's just a fact of life; and the moment you decided to become a parent you accepted that inevitability. Now if he was treating her in a domineering or pushy manner OUTSIDE of their sex life, then yeah, I'd say you had legitimate cause for concern. But nothing in your post outside of the kink-play would indicate that that's the case. And you're right, this isn't going to stop them. All you've done is solidify her drive to keep pursuing this. Teenagers are like that, the more you try to contain them the harder they fight back. I have two teenage nephews and a niece turning 13 soon (I can't have children,) and I remember being in a similar situation as a teen myself. BUT... since you asked for advice, I'll give you some: Apologize to your daughter for behaving poorly toward her, explain that you are simply concerned about her well-being, and then look into going to family therapy. A trained professional will be able to spot signs of abuse that you might not be able to.
Right, because teenagers will always bend to the will of their parents without any resistance at all, and they'd certainly never continue any "forbidden" activities in secret... &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
You can't make someone change their habits, they have to want that on their own. You can either bring it up with him calmly and out of genuine concern, or you can walk away from this relationship and move on.
I was 17 when I started experimenting with BSDM... in the mid 1990's.
IDEA: What if you tried sneaking out one item at a time? Like, covertly drop off a shirt every other day while you're off doing other stuff, she may be less likely to notice.
Your boyfriend is acting like a total creep, you'd be better off without him.
Something like this... [https://img05.deviantart.net/e085/i/2014/307/d/7/cats\_before\_brats\_by\_mousier-d857ihc.jpg](https://img05.deviantart.net/e085/i/2014/307/d/7/cats_before_brats_by_mousier-d857ihc.jpg)
Walk away. Block him on all social media (maybe change your passwords, too.) Get a new phone and enable 2-factor authentication on your online accounts. And stop bending over for him: If your name is on the documents (which you should keep in a secure location,) then it's ultimately your say.
Yeah, you were right about something in your post: IT IS crazy and unhealthy, and you need professional help.
Oi vey, this is terrible and I'm so sorry. Please don't think any less of yourself for this, though: You are not responsible for other people's shitty behavior or what they do to you. You are stronger than this, we're here for you.
Well, that's kinda the thing... I'm kinda getting the feeling that I might have the only surviving copy left on the planet, but maybe I'm just paranoid. As for collecting stuff, if I found other authentic issues of this magazine, then I might be willing to pay a reasonable price for them.
I promise you it's real, this isn't any kind of alternate reality/urban folklore/creepy-pasta or anything like that. I have more pictures of it's contents, actually. Give me some time to figure out how to share them...
If it wasn't weed, it'd be something else: Video games, your favorite sport, D&amp;D, etc... You made the right choice.
Here, [take a look...](https://imgur.com/a/wmcObhg)
Forgive me, I meant a link to this "way back machine" version of the old website. And hey, thank you for taking the time to look into this. I really appreciate it, even if it turns out that I DO have the last copy left on Earth at least I have a chance at finding out what happened.
So glad I deleted Whisper so long ago, fuck that app...
"Mom, I'm sorry that you're feeling lonely, but this is inappropriate. If you want a better relationship with me, intruding into my private life is most certainly not how to accomplish that." Encourage her to seek professional help. If she persists, go no-contact for a while.
No, this is not normal. He clearly has no respect for you or your safety, and if he threatens to end the relationship and makes good on it then I'd say you'd be better off.
Fellow adoptee here, I'm often fucking infuriated by the selfishness and narcissism of prospective parents who feel this way as well. If you'd turn up your nose at a child, A CHILD, who didn't ask to be born into shitty circumstances by the way, then you're a terrible person and shouldn't have children AT ALL.
Ah, forgive me. I didn't know.
I've seen some of those videos that you've mentioned, actually. I'll find some and show them to him next time it comes up. I think your approach is reasonable, thank you.
&gt; Why can't you guys live in an apartment? We're living in one NOW, the whole point of wanting to own property is to escape the rent-trap and have something that's truly OURS. But I suppose staying in this 2BR while we pick a spot wouldn't be the worst option (slightly more expensive, though.)
I've seen it, among a few others. Other commenters recommended them.
"No" is a complete sentence. And if they persist, walk away: They may try to dump him on you.
&gt;If you do accidentally get left with the kid at some point, suck at being a babysitter. My parents made me babysit a neighbor's 4 year old once, and I wasn't even going to be paid. I made it clear to all parties involved that I didn't want to there and I was super pissed about not being compensated for my time, so I only did the absolute bare minimum to make sure the kid didn't die: Wanna watch Comedy Central instead of cartoon? Oh look, it's Denis Leary! Popsicles for dinner? Go for it, I don't fucking care! I swear, the little fucker pissed his own pants intentionally because he was laughing about it. You know what... I'm not being paid for this so I don't care, he's still alive and absolutely thrilled about his current situation; fuck it, go jump on Mommy's bed for a bit. When his parents DID come home, they were furious with me (of course, they also came home with a shopping bag full of cigarette cartons, fucking Pall Mals) ... to which I only replied "You get what you pay for" and left. I was never made to babysit ever again.
My maternal Grandmother was originally from Germany, we knew she had one older sister and that her father died as a young man. All of her children were born in New York and formally raised Catholic as they grew up, but the manner of practice always seemed half-hearted at best to me; including her own demeanor and lack of enthusiasm about going to Mass on Sundays. Well, she died in her late 90's in 2013 and was given a Catholic funeral: While we were sorting out her belongings, we came across a very old cookie tin full of old photos and other documents. Not only did my Grandmother have two other sisters and a brother, but the entire family tried to escape Germany into parts elsewhere in Europe because (big surprise) they were actually Jewish. Obviously, her father and the other siblings didn't make it. And my Grandmother married a Catholic Dutchman after converting thinking that it would help protect her from being pursued. Well, it didn't work, and the two fled for the States and then later started raising a family (including my Mother.) Since Jewish heritage is traditionally matrilineal, this would have made my Mother Jewish as well. But to this day, and despite hard evidence presented before their very eyes, my family utterly refuses to believe or even discuss my family's true origins (which, honestly, I think my Grandmother would find kinda insulting.)
Thanks. Looking back, I just reacted without thinking and I wouldn't advise it for the average person: This stunt was NOT performed by a professional, definitely do not try this at home!
"I don't give a flying lizard clit! Now discipline your damn kid, because I promise you that YOU DO NOT want me to do it for you!"
Untreated syphilis can, over time, make people go insane or even die. Dump him and run.
&gt; how I could die out there... You could die sitting on your own couch, or even while you sleep. You're going to die one day anyway, no sense freaking the fuck out about it. &gt; I know they will say their usual "your life isn't that interesting..." "Well, it COULD BE if you'd back off and LET ME HAVE ONE!" &gt; My concern at the moment is they have generously bought me a doorbell camera. I assure you, "generosity" had nothing whatsoever to do with this. &gt; How do I tell them no without starting a full on arguement? You can't. I know that's probably not what you wanted to hear, but it's the plain bare-bones truth. Your parents are simply not rational people, you're just going to have to stand up to them once and for all and then go it on your own: They knew that this day was coming from the very moment they decided to become parents, if they're not okay with that then they have deeper issues that are above your pay-grade. They need professional help.
Little old lady who?
R/pegging
It sounds to me like neither of you are capable of making up your minds, and until you figure out how to do that you have no business being in a relationship with ANYONE. He very clearly told you to leave him alone, it would be in your best interest to respect his wishes.
Your parents are grown adults capable of making their own decisions, if they choose to be spineless and cave to her tantrums then that's on them. This woman sounds like a total narcissist and you'd do well to deal with her like one.
She can't make up her own mind then why waste your time? You can do better.
&gt; half-knowing that it is not his style. Then what are you complaining about? "Half-knowing" is KNOWING, this is silly. I think that you meant well, but for someone so particular about what they wear (as you claim) then I really don't see why you're so surprised by his reaction. Maybe a gift certificate to his favorite store would have been a better choice.
"Kinda" inappropriate?
The fact that he watches porn at all is not the actual problem here, the fact that (according to your description) he "romanticizes young girls" is. THAT ALONE tells me all I need to hear about what's wrong with this guy, not the porn issue.
Someone who keeps offering that kind of help over and over again isn't just "OCD," they're trying to tell you something. In this case, she's trying to tell you that your place looks trashed.
You should swing on by r/raisedbynarcissists sometime, because this looks VERY familiar. Your mother is the truly awful person here, not you. And you'd do well to go no-contact.
Then if that's the case, you STILL need to back off: Obviously he's not comfortable sharing something this private with you, and a sure-fire way to make sure that he never will be is to keep prodding and obsessing over it. Lots of people watch porn, lots of people keep it to themselves, that doesn't mean they're hiding something sick or evil.
That's up to a judge and jury, which OP is trying to prevent from happening.
SCOTUS has made multiple rulings and guidelines about "artistic depictions" versus "obscenity," and sending unwanted private messages is NOT covered under "artistic depictions"
Invited HERSELF over? I wouldn't have even let her in the door! Excuse me, who's fucking house is this?
Nothing about this is normal or okay, you are under no obligation whatsoever to talk to either of these people and your mother ought to be ashamed of herself for having a hand in this. Talk to your friends, neighbors, and concierge and let them know that under no circumstances whatsoever are EITHER OF THEM welcome in your place. I'm sorry that you went through all of that.
God will provide, eh? Just like in Yemen and North Korea?
As someone who struggles with depression from time to time, it's not your job to "save" people. Finding a girl sounds like the least of his problems, he needs help from a mental health professional.
That’s my favorite band ever, so thanks for the massive compliment!
My response usually involves joyously carrying on about being able to go to museums and galleries whenever I want, or going to movies, etc... and watching their faces turn red. Priceless!
It’s THEIR money to waste, unfortunately.
Parents like to pretend that their adorable chubby-cheeked little precious isn’t going to start thinking and acting of their own free will someday, then have the audacity to get upset when their offspring derail their expectations.
Look closer...
I mean the multitudes scattered throughout the entire picture.
The entire Wrinkle In Time series, the movie was a total shit-show.
As I’ve said, I feel damn lucky that despite the administrative hang-ups of my State’s laws, I was able to get the procedure I needed with nearly no resistance.
I have doubts, partly due to accounts I’ve read from younger women HERE and also the inherently conservative culture of the South.
Refusing Hitlers’ art school application.
If he's "not taking the hint," maybe it's because you're being vague on purpose. Dude, you're an adult! Be direct (but not hurtful,) and just TELL HIM WHAT IS WRONG. Who knows, maybe if you take the effort to actually say in no uncertain terms what the problem is he might be willing to engage a grown up conversation about it.
It's good that you are aware of this prejudice and want to work through it, but this is something deep enough that seeking professional help is warranted. You've been hurt, A LOT, and it's shitty, but think of it this way: Eventually, you're going to get older. Eventually, you're going to meet more and more women with more and more experience. If this prejudice continues, your options are going to get more and more slim.
Your piercer already did.
How else am I supposed to pay for art supplies?
The only way to activate this power is to shit yourself.
There's a 1/7 chance that a diseased weasel will appear among them.
You have cancer.
I grew up in a very VERY rural area of Maine, like out in the middle of the forest where the nearest year-round neighbor was a way's walk down the dirt road. Power outages weren't unheard of, even in the Summer from time to time. With all that in mind, because we lived so far away from anything resembling civilization we took the possibility of a long-term interruption in power and other utilities VERY SERIOUSLY. I remember washing absolutely all of the goddamn laundry for the entire family over the course of two straight days: Every last sock, hat, towel, blanket, etc... EVERYTHING had to be cleaned ahead of time because if there was a problem after midnight that night, who knows how long it'd be until things were restored (which, for rural-dwellers like us, would be at least few days during a normal winter.) We also washed every single dish, scrubbed and vacuumed down the entire house, we even finished up the milk we had in the fridge without buying more in case we lost power. Basically, minimizing distress among a family of four to the best of our ability for as long as possible... just in case. It's not like we went full Doomsday Preppers (though I do love that show) but if growing up in the absolute boonies of Maine has taught me one thing in life, it's the value self-sufficiency.
I had snuck across the border into Canada for the sole purpose of buying pretty postcards, all the while running from the cops (for what, I don't remember.)
Jobs? What jobs?
I hope you're a Fortune 500 CEO, then, otherwise you'll never be able to afford it. Also, heroin. Heroin goddamn EVERYWHERE.
Old people and flakka.
Can confirm, 80% of Tulsa looks like Baghdad.
The Northern half of the State is full of beautiful mountains &amp; forests, but it's obscenely expensive and difficult to build anything. The Southern half of the State is typically where you see what you'd expect of the Southwest: Cacti, mesas, deserts, etc... it's also rife with crime and corruption.
Have fun picking heroin needles up out of the driveway of the house you paid way too goddamn much for.
Maine has always been a very expensive place to live, but over the past decade the cost of living has skyrocketed. Also, heroin. When the opioid crisis was at it's worst, one Maine resident a day would die of an overdose. It's gotten somewhat better, but not by much. I'll just say that if you're ever in Portland, Lewiston, or Bangor, don't wear open-toed shoes... because you might step on a used needle.
I hear there are people who rent storage spaces and live out of those because it's cheaper than a studio apartment.
The heroin is there because Maine's entire economy went into a downward spiral after the 90's and is only just now starting to recover.
A LOT of people, mostly children, would still be alive today if Andrew Wakefield's mother would have swallowed.
Chances of a MANTIS reboot? That show deserves another chance.
I hope you like picking up used heroin needles out of the driveway of your extremely overpriced (and over-taxed) home. Also, good luck finding a job that doesn't involve taking shit from miserable old people and entitled tourists... well, more accurately, good luck finding A JOB.
I almost... ALMOST moved to Salt Lake City in 2018. Pretty much everyone is hiring because the city is growing, as it has been for a while. FUN FACT, while other American cities were seeing epic level foreclosures after the 2008 housing bubble burst, Salt Lake was THE ONLY CITY that actually kept growing. In general, the State of Utah seems pretty Veteran friendly, as Veterans don't pay property tax on residential property, automatically get in-state tuition rates for university as mandated by State law, and the SLC VA hospital is (or so I was told at the time) one of the highest ranked in the US.) Basically, if you're an unemployed Veteran in SLC (or in Utah for that matter) you done gone &amp; fucked up somewhere. &amp;#x200B; Downside, it's fucking UTAH.
A federal court ruling in February of 2019 says discrimination in the draft is unconstitutional. I’m a female Iraq veteran and I think “the draft” should either apply to goddamn everyone or be abolished (I’m in favor of abolishing.)
Mars would have to invade TOMORROW MORNING in order for shit to get real enough to actually call in a draft.
"Fuck This Shit, I'm Out."
Most of us don't want this, any of this. We, collectively, did not have a say in the matter.
Keep documentation of goddamn EVERYTHING, and keep that documentation very well organized. Situation depending, It's not outside the realm of possibility that your business could fail if you don't find that one receipt for $15.72
I actually did not know this was an option, thank you!
&gt; The party is on MY BIRTHDAY (which is on a weekend this year) and we have to go to the baby's party. NO. No, the fuck, YOU DO NOT. Also, she's twisting YOUR OFFER at the last minute on a whim with the possibility of twisting it again? That's some Darth Vader bullshit right there.
&gt; "No." &gt; If they push. &gt; "No." &gt; If they push. "Fuck off."
"Sorry, I got so drunk/high that I started questioning whether or not reality is real then figured it wasn't a good idea to drive."
"No more eating broccoli for yoooooooouuu... Should pro'lly lay off the burritos toooooooo... When the room smells like a toilet, it's 'cause your farts'll fucking spoil it, No more goddamn broccoli for yooooouuu!"
Kiddo, tell me who held you at gunpoint and FORCED YOU to get this procedure done. What's that...? NO ONE?
DUDE: "Man, I dodged a bullet!" DUDE: "Hey, try firing at me again..." DUDE: "So turns out bullets hurt and do damage, just FYI" Fucking idiot.
Military spouses. No, Karen, IDGAF if your husband is a First Sergeant, I do not stand at parade-rest for you and I sure as shit WILL laugh in your Estee Lauder caked face if you try to "order" me to do something. No rank = no authority.
Why not, they ruin everything else related to feminism.
I get that being married to a service-member can come with unique issues and challenges, but that in no way entitles Karen to be a bully. You want a salute? Go through OCS and earn it.
I’m a woman and my husband is a civilian, we not only received ZERO SUPPORT from our unit FRGs but the “real army wives” seemingly did nothing BUT spread rumors about me (and other female soldiers.)
Um... No one said “women bad,” just entitled milsos
I’m not a “He” either. Either you didn’t read the thread, or you’re an incredibly shitty troll. If you don’t know what you’re talking about, maybe you should just stop talking entirely.
SHHH! Do you want them to hear you!?!?!?
Lucky YOU!
If that were true, the US military would shrink by 1/4 within a week!
It would have to be something pretty serious, I'd think, like user their spouses' security clearance to go into places they're not supposed to be.
HA! Never heard the latter before!
On occasion, I've heard some milsos refer to themselves as "the silent rank." Wanna know why it's "silent?" Because it doesn't exist.
Polyamory is also very common in the US military, not that they'll ever admit to it.
Not funny.
She refuses to pay for a qualified sitter, expects everyone around her to alter their lives to fit HER needs, but your husband is the selfish one? Seriously?
FUN FACT: Arkansas, one of the most religiously conservative &amp; socially backward States in the US, has the nation's highest divorce rate. Oh but when christians divorce it's out of necessity, so that makes it okay.
The United States of America, the "Land of the Free," has Earth's largest incarcerated population (just over 2 million people.) Approximately 120,000 to 200,000 American inmates are actually innocent people who's trials ended badly, couldn't afford good lawyers, or thought they were better off taking a plea deal instead of trying to fight in court. There is a good chance that your next encounter with police could be the one that ruins your life (immigrants, black folks, and veterans are especially vulnerable to false incarceration.)
I've known since I was 16 that I never wanted to be a mother, I'm almost 40 and remain happily childfree.
What is the deal with dash-cams?
Yep, and he doesn't want any either.
Hikikomori... what's that all about?
Zardoz
Mick Gordon deserves all of the awards
My in-law’s cat is about as bright as a bag of hammers, I stepped out onto the porch to find him batting at a big black snake and it was obvious the snake was getting ready to strike (coiling, rearing it’s head, etc) So I drove the cat away and then splatted the snake with an old shovel. The cat is fine.
Pegging curious
I’ll let you know when I figure that out
Now I'm craving a slice of pie, thanks for that.
All the materials to make one Molotov Cocktail should be less than $10, or even FREE if you know where to look &amp; how to get them.
Very nice work, especially the fabric and the glass bottle. Are you planning on adding any other features?
Bar Harbor, Maine. Don't get me wrong, Acadia National Park is worth a trip to Maine all on it's own. But unless shoving through crowds of old and drunk people and fighting over parking just so you can wander around aimlessly or buy overpriced trinkets sounds like your ideal vacation, then I highly recommend that you visit Belfast or Rockland instead. Also, stay out of Portland: If you could gentrify an old septic tank that'd been left out in low-tide for a few years, and don't forget to clean out all the used condoms &amp; heroin needles, that'd be Portland.
Mosquito bites.
LSU
Joyce
Pretend to be a homicide detective and grill the caller about their "relationship to the deceased."
When it starts hurting people, or they tell you to stop.
Depends on how hungry you are.
Odd, yes, but otherwise none of my business.
Bjork.
Sabra Hummus.
Gutted a priest like a fish.
&gt; Kids will be kids. No, kids will be assholes if their parents aren't doing their jobs.
It seems like a roundabout and badly disguised way of asking "Are you sure you don't want a dick in you?"
I’ve made my own in the past, and I agree. Sometimes, though, I’m just lazy AF.
I'm going to be honest with you and you may not like it, but somehow I get the impression you already know this: Your wife is in dire need of professional help because the lengths to which she'll willing to abuse her authority for her own gratification, regardless of the result, is truly disturbing. Unless she's totally fine with never meeting any possible future grandchildren because her own offspring have grown to resent her (which would be entirely on her,) then she runs a real risk of tearing her own family apart if this isn't stopped RIGHT NOW. "No, (name of wife,) IT IS NOT just 'your roof' and I have an equal say in the upbringing of OUR children. We will discuss and agree upon rewards and disciplines together from now on, and we are going to family counseling. I think you'll agree that counseling is less humiliating and far less expensive than a divorce, yes?"
Where do I sign up?
Can you recommend any brands or recipes?
You are being used and he's made it abundantly clear. Time to move out &amp; move on.
Reality TV shows.
Do you mean Ninja from Die Antwoord? Pretty sure he does a lot of the visual stuff himself.
Face-time with my boss from the crapper.
Whoah, what? I’m guessing that I missed something.
Steer clear of anything owned &amp; operated by Houses Inc., unless you’re okay with waking up to things crawling all over you and never having money.
The Last of Us
I'm almost 40 and I still pick my nose.
Stella's Electric Tattoo is a little hole-in-the-wall place, I had my lip piercings done there 2 years ago.
It’s beautiful
Art therapy, EMDR, and Lamotrigine.
There was a time when I was leaning toward the possibility of vaccines causing autism, as in "if true, that's awful." But I don't think I was a full blown antivaxxer. Then as more peer-reviewed research started coming out clearly demonstrating that IT ISN'T TRUE, that and Andrew Wakefield's glaringly obvious fraud, I changed my mind. That, and the particularly vitriolic pseudoscience bullshit that antivaxxers say and do to convince themselves that they're somehow better than everyone else.
As a survivor myself I realize that rape-induced pregnancies are a thing that exists, but at the same time so does the morning after pill or an abortion (if you're lucky enough to be in a place where it's accessible, of course.) Being pregnant might not always be a choice, but carrying to term and keeping it (under ideal conditions) is. BUT... all that having been said, I reserve that statement for people I'm certain made the active choice to become a parent: If Karen can undergo round upon round of IVF treatments to have a baby, she can still be held to account for her own (and her kid's) shitty behavior.
Been there.
Your country has some interesting plant life that a lot of Americans aren't aware of, especially whatever those little white flower-bushes are.
The Innocence Project has been getting wrongly accused/convicted people out of prison for over 25 years.
"Go home."
The meth isn't mine.
Because any efforts an individual makes for themselves would be a drop in the bucket compared to changes that corporations and industry giants could make (but won't, because they're greedy and don't give a fuck about anything but profit.) Okay you're a vegan, so fucking what?
"I'm sorry..." "tha-" "...but you appear to be lost." \~door slam\~
I haven't seen the post in question, but it seems like a weird thing to shame someone for.
Yikes, that sounds rough. But it sounds like you're on your way back up, good on you.
Jehovah Witnesses.
Not sure if hipster or homeless...
George Carlin's death was the first time I ever cried over a dead celebrity, the man was a genius of comedy and a master wordsmith. If were still alive today he'd have the best material of his career.
Mind if I ask where?
Interesting, I asked because I swear your username looks familiar from r/SouthAfrica (I haunt some international subreddits out of curiosity.)
“But being a parent is haaaaaaaard!”
I’m not gonna harass someone with an ESA either because I’d rather not run the risk of a lawsuit or public lambasting in case I’m wrong.
But still, common sense is becoming more &amp; more rare these days and friends with service/ESA animals take more shit for it as a result. I’ve lost count of how many posts I’ve seen in here made by folks who need these animals to function, getting scolded and screamed at by entitled birth-cultists for not letting little Brayleighghgh “play with the puppy.” Fuck off, Joyce, and take your cum-trophy with you.
Screenshot, block, forward to the cops. If the cops do nothing, plaster all over social media.
Let the cops handle it, if flashing-blues pulling up in their driveway &amp; knocking on their door doesn't get the point across then nothing will.
"Painal" And I legit do not understand how THAT is somehow legal.
A picture of a severed human head.
Guaranteed fresh.
Someone who's offended or "hurt that you'd even ASK" about STI's or contraception is absolutely NOT someone you'd wanna sleep with.
JERRY! JERRY! JERRY!
Idiots in the 80’s - “Ozzy Osbourne is making people kill themselves!” No he didn’t Idiots in the 90’s - “Violent video games cause violent behavior!” No they don’t Idiots now - “The existence of a niche subreddit that has a very clear &amp; dutifully enforced rule about violence caused a murder!” Oh fuck off!
Thank fuck I’m sterile!
That's actually clever, I hope he feels better soon!
Onision epic-level destroyed his own life, and he 1000000% deserves it.
Hopefully, plenty of trash cans to puke in.
My best friend is in prison on allegations that aren't physically possible, research your lawyer carefully before you drop that massive retainer fee.
All of the ~~Elephant Piss~~ Bud Light on Earth is confiscated, shot into the sun, and the world is a better place for it.
"And I don't care, either."
Completely &amp; utterly false, women are human beings and therefore have faults and issues just the same.
No need to worry about infertility if nobody wants to fuck you.
I was just thinking the same thing!
"I'd ask her directly like any other grown adult, but I know she'll say no. So I'm going to ask the nearest man in her proximity to ask on my behalf because I'm internalizing misogyny like a motherfucker and also a coward. I guess I'll just have to pay money for a sitter or something, y'know, like any other responsible adult would do!"
I've grown ghost peppers before, I'd happily do it again and I'll tell you how I did it: I grew mine in regular soil mixed with crushed coconut shell (2 parts soil, 1 part shell bits,) which for some reason plants thrive in the stuff but I don't quite know why. If you plant it this way, you shouldn't need to use a whole lot of plant food or fertilizer. Then when I got a basket full of them, I made a jar of hot sauce and gave it to a friend for his birthday. Have fun!
The United States has Earth's largest incarcerated population; we're currently counting over 2 million people, 120K - 200K of which are innocent people taken advantage of by the system. "Land of the Free" my ass.
"Horizon: Zero Dawn" Post apocalypse game with well thought out characters and story.
Sharks really are fascinating animals, they deserve respect.
It only takes 0.1 of an amp of electricity to kill a human being.
BTW, vaccines do not cause autism. Get on with those goddamn flu shots, Karen.
Unless you have any known or suspected gang connections, they are watching you and keeping tally of every time you sneeze.
And many folks with certain disabilities can't use paper or treated cloth straws, either. It's fine to be mindful of one's own habits and make adjustments accordingly, but think about the possible ramifications of what some of these proposed bans can do.
No PLEASE let's bring it up! The sheer magnitude of their unchecked air pollution is beginning to destroy their own historical buildings, some of which are thousands of years old. They are literally destroying their own country and it's 100% preventable. Oh, but I'm supposed to bow down to Karen because she went vegan "for the environment?" Bitch, please!
I'm old enough to remember when you actually existed.
HSV-2 is what's typically associated with genital herpes, oral herpes is usually HSV-1. But if you have any doubts, best to avoid any intimate contact if you have a sore.
Yeah, they'd be mildly inconvenienced by the occasional outbreak. That's it.
And maybe convince Starbucks to stop selling shit coffee, too.
Ever been bitten by a snake?
Except THEY FUCKING ARE and the entire world knows it, and to a point even THEY know it and aren't even trying to hide it anymore. Leave your Mom's basement every once in a while, man!
The Innocence Project, the ACLU, Human Rights Watch, etc.... And NO, no it’s really not
At no point did I say millions of innocent people, I very clearly said between 120 to 200 THOUSAND.
So not a threat to your life or job.
Rodney Reed of Texas, Ledell Lee of Arkansas, Rafael Ruiz of New York, Huwe Burton of NYC, the Central Park Five, Gerry Tomas of Detroit, Felipe Rodriguez of New York, Archie Williams of Los Angeles, Cris Tapp of NYC, Gary Cifizarri of Massachusetts, Belinda Goff, the Satanic Panic of the 1980’s which sent entire families to prison in the 1980’s (including minors,) etc... This is not exactly an unheard of phenomena. Seriously. EDIT: WOW, downvoted after I more than adequately gave you EXACTLY what you asked for? Really? We’re done here.
Bad AND an ass.
I'll tell MY story to break the ice: Thomas Kinkade. Remember the guy who used to paint those flowery village scenes with glowing yellow windows back in the 90's? Landed a lucrative contract with Hallmark and pandered to evangelical Christians? I visited one of his "official" gallery locations on Newbury Street in Boston about 20 years ago, walked in on him loudly swearing like a drunk Marine at his female receptionist because one of his pastel-y monstrosities wasn't selling fast enough for his liking. I noped the fuck outta there and had been warning people about him ever since, and I've heard similar stories from other people who claim to have met him as well.
Somehow I doubt that they care, unfortunately.
Dude, it’s Australia. What ISN’T lethal in Australia?
She straight-up lied to you, and about something incredibly important, to satisfy her own desires without your foreknowledge or consent. Kinda have to wonder what else she's been lying to you about...
"But it'll never be my REAL child!" If you're the kind of person who'd judge and turn up their nose at a child who didn't choose to be fucking born, then you're a horrible person and absolutely should not be a parent. And yes, I have said this directly to a birth-cultist. That's MY TERM for someone who shits on adoption for a "real baby." You're a birth-cultist.
1 - And what if your birth has complications that come with a hefty bill? What if everything goes fine but you get a hefty bill regardless? I've seen some hospital bills go up to about $120K, but no one is bickering about THAT when they get their "real baby." And what if your "real child" has issues that require constant medical attention in life? Those are all very real possibilities, but please keep going on about "expense." &amp;#x200B; 2 - And trying for a "real child" through IVF somehow doesn't? I've known couples who'd been playing the IVF game for years, whoever told you that lied to you. 3 - Fostering is not the same as formal adoption (it seems to be a cluster-fuck, really.) But do you seriously mean to tell us that "the normal way" doesn't have it's own complications? Like, oh I dunno, THE RISK OF DYING?!?! Sometimes life just isn't fair, sometimes plans derail, you cope and you move on. 4 - THAT is not a valid argument because that kind of behavior (against the kid) is due to prejudice, and fuck prejudice. Anyone who'd judge and turn up their nose at a child like that is a horrible person and should be ashamed of themselves. 5 - And your hypothetical "real child" WOULDN'T?!?! Reproducing is the ultimate gamble, you throw your dice the second you blow your load and you may or may not get the result you were hoping for. The only fundamental difference is that you know what you're signing up fr when you agree to adopt, having kids "the normal way" just means there may or may not be a problem later down the road. Don't misinterpret me, I'm happy to see that you're considering an ethical alternative to growing a family, but as an adoptee myself I've had to fight against other birth-cultist's prejudice MY ENTIRE LIFE. It's nonsense, utter nonsense, and often times the prejudice is glaringly obvious. There are too many people who go on about having "room in our home for love" and would rather borderline bankrupt themselves over round upon round upon round upon round of IVF for what amounts to a legal version of a clone, but mention the possibility of adopting and they flip shit like "but it'll never be my REAL child!" Not a "real child," huh? As if a fucking fake one is even an option? Please!
"Stop shitting on the floor, you have a giant litter box that gets cleaned daily!"
Someone once approached me with an idea for a tattoo, they wanted me to draw a version of Pebbles (from the Flintstones.) Okay, odd choice for a tattoo but live your own life I guess. After I asked her for more details, she pulled a printed image of Pebbles from her wallet and, with a straight face, said "Do it exactly like THIS." I... wait, hold on... if you already have a clear printed picture of what you want, and you don't want to actually change anything, why not go to the tattoo artist directly? I declined under the excuse of "copyrighted material," but really that was just so fucking stupid. EDIT: I am not even a tattoo artist, I've only ever worked on canvas my entire 15 year career.
Should'a thrown in a dick-butt.
Rhymes with FURRY!
Only a measly $20, at that.
Curious, what was their reaction?
The fact that he sent you an unsolicited dick pic tells you all you need to know about what kind of person he is, oh his poor wife!
Do they come in black?
How did they die?
"Pre-Existing Condition"
You fail your stealth check and trip over a dry stick, it's looking right at you with wide dead eyes. Roll initiative.
Crazy or not, his actions still hurt people. He needs to be put away.
I live in Arkansas, but I have friends &amp; family in Utah. What can I do?
Then how'd he get one? For real, I want to know. Like, did no one explain this to him? Or (and what seems more likely to me,) did he not care?
Not in the slightest. If anything, I'm 1000 times more offended by fake-ass flag-fapping "patriots" telling people I'm offended as if I can't speak for myself.
Duh! Obviously, they’re lying through their teeth &amp; their misery is plain as day. But lately, I’m wondering how many of them are selling it hard as a diversion from something fuck’n awful.
I’ve seen men in there on occasion, probably to support CF women in their lives if I had to guess.
Don’t feel bad if you don’t get in, we’ve had mombie hordes &amp; pissy pro-lifers try to come after us in the past.
Did it live?
It’s Moon-Moon!
Isn’t this a PAO’s job?
So... a popular opinion.
For some reason, this wasn’t even half as unsettling as last week’s stork video.
“Muh gran’daddy woz a T-Rex.”
Yeah, probably. That, and it was intentional.
“No YOU’RE EXTINCT bitch!”
Rape jokes? Classy. You're just as sick as the rapist if you think this is okay. Yeah, they're pigs, but rape is rape and rape is wrong.
Most Americans are only one missed paycheck away from homelessness or prison.
The Fatal Frame series. Summary: You fight ghosts &amp; demons with nothing but an old camera. I know it sounds kinda simplistic, but these games were actually pretty unique in their time. I loved the second one the most, I even named my two cats after the two main protagonists!
George Carlin. Yeah, obviously, a lot of his material hasn't aged well. But he wasn't exactly wrong, especially when talking about how full of shit institutions are or how they try to manipulate thought and language. The man was a master wordsmith, and if he'd only just held on about 10 more years he'd have had some of the best material of his entire career!
"They look like... eggs."
Cough.
Ugh... YOU ———-&gt; THE POINT
Yikes, I’m sorry
The moment the cops show up.
Kids in restaurants.
James Saroka
Several times a day.
Way back in the 1980's, there was a sort-of space-rpg adventure game called Sundog. Graphics were pretty decent by 1980's standards, but the premise wasn't very strong.
Sure, right after y'all find Vanessa Guillen.
Well that depends on what you were called out for. &amp;#x200B; Were you caught stealing from a shop? Pay your fines, do your jail-time, and don't steal ever again. Drunk driving or doing blow in the men's room at your local Denny's? Go to rehab, apologize to your friends and family, and stay sober. Posting racist/sexist/bigoted bullshit on social media? That's easy, don't be a bigot and then enjoy your ban LOL. But the REALLY AWFUL SHIT like abuse/rape/murder, your social media presence won't matter for shit in Gen-Pop.
(pull) Cunt. (pull) Fuck off (pull) Fuck off, cunt.
Some species of cephalopods are believed to be capable of problem solving intelligence, and some have even been observed using objects as tools. However, they don't live very long and they don't form social groups like apes do, so the odds of finding a hidden squid-civilization are pretty small... or are they deep in the depths... just... WAITING?
Soap.
Thank you, you probably saved lives.
Wouldn't it just be a shame if they ever crossed Carole Baskin one fine evening...
More like their mom must’ve been smoking more than just Virginia Slims.
That’s no way to go through life
You look like MOMO’s granddaughter
&gt;makes you wonder how many monsters wear uniforms. Honest answer? In MY EXPERIENCE, not that many... but... the military is the kind of environment that's difficult to reform and closed off from the rest of society that those few tend to thrive or, at the absolute least, not get caught for a long time. The "monsters" tend to be people like THIS ONE SOLDIER who stay in for too long and work their way up the ranks, or sometimes people who don't seek help for their PTSD and start behaving like a hammer in a world full of nails. I served alongside a handful of people with low-level felonies (car thieves, drug dealing, etc...) who had to get waivers to get into the Army, and I felt safer around THEM than I did the super-religious wannabe-crusader types. Hey, at least the ex-cons could be reasoned with and they even taught me how to make a Millwall Brick.
Just curious, what year was your aunt born and what was her last known address?
Yikes, that's really awful and I'm sorry that you went through that. Can't say I'd be the least bit surprised if that walking-turd joined the Marines.
No, Signal.
For the most part, with the obvious exception of defense, I can't really think of any reason why I'd WANT TO. Killing another person who isn't otherwise a threat to me doesn't really benefit me in any meaningful way.
Holy shit, as soon as you described the baby bird incident I had just remembered that old news story about the 2 US Marines who filmed themselves throwing a puppy off a cliff. Those two were at least court-martialed, but who knows how many were never even caught. Still, that was fucked up and wrong of him to do and neither you nor that bird deserved that.
“Murder fetishists” are exactly the kind of people the US military DOESN’T want: Those are the ones who tend to turn against their fellow soldiers, or try to do Abu Ghraib kind of shit. I’ve been saying for years that the DOD really needs to start psych-profiling people at MEPS, bUt ThAT c0Sts MoNEy!!!
IF IT WERE POSSIBLE for an artificial intelligence to become self-aware, doesn't that imply that it can also be reasoned with? I mean, the AI's in the Matrix stories, in their defense, tried to negotiate peace with US FIRST.
It’s beautiful!
“Soap is full of chemicals!” Yeah, maybe the cheap shit like Irish Spring or Dove. But soap has actually been around for centuries and is made from very common substances. Also, kind of a necessity to slow the spread of disease.
Would you mind explaining?
Denial is a hell of a thing.
Yeah, because owning a business and somehow managing to keep it afloat for more than a year without going into back-breaking debt the rest of your life is just a fucking cake-walk. &lt;/sarc&gt;
Not all soap is created equal, though. There are soaps out there formulated to kill specific kinds of microorganisms that can actually survive regular soap (like certain protozoa for example, which can result in infections.) Tattoo artists &amp; professional piercers will often recommend specifically anti-microbial soap (usually DIAL) for aftercare. SOURCE: 5 tattoos &amp; 22 piercings.
Me too, animals can’t speak up for themselves. It takes a special kinda sick bastard to do something so disgusting to a being that can’t even say “NO.”
This is a thing with radio all over the US, part of why the platform is dying: The Radio Star killed itself.
Weed. Look, I enjoy a puff on the stuff as much as any other red-blooded American, but there are people out there who treat it like it's the absolute best thing on the planet. Or worse, people who think it's some kind of a cure-all for everything ranging from bipolar disorder to cancer. I enjoy marijuana, but it's not my only joy in life. I got past that "420 blaze it, smoke weed every day" chuckle-fuck after high school, nobody cares anymore dude.
I think many people put too much importance on making their partner orgasm instead of just enjoying the moment, especially if it's with someone you have feelings for.
I remember when it started being a big deal in America sometime in the 1980's, we simply couldn't get enough of anything Japanese. Obviously, some of that carries on into present times (anime, origami, Yaoi Kusama, etc...) Yeah, it's good, but there are lots of other amazing Japanese dishes that are so much better; like ACTUAL ramen, for example. Fuck the dried stuff in a cup, you have not lived until you've had actual tantanmen!
But it's popular with kids, which is also profitable, so they keep making more fighting monsters/magickal girls stuff to make money. Nothing wrong with turning a profit, but it's been a very VERY long time since I've seen an anime of comparable quality to Akira or FLCL.
Caffeine is extremely addictive, and there's a lot of it in coffee.
The song? That’s one of the best on The Downward Spiral album!
It’s cheap &amp; easy to come by.
She’s alright, she’s alright, she’s alright...
Well... *I* can.
Coz the elephant yeeted it over.
Ugh, the dreaded microtransaction menace...
So did I!
Lived in Sandy all through the 80’s, family moved to Maine in 1989, graduated high school in 2000, never once in all that time was Juneteenth brought up in class.
Here’s an interesting political thing about Maine, it’s not actually a “Blue State” like most people think it is. Actually, it’s one of those States that changes colors (red/blue) somewhat frequently. So we got math, science, history, and yeah something kinda sorta vaguely resembling “sex ed” being awkwardly “taught” by someone I can only describe asDana Carvey’s Church Lady’s under-study: Don’t have sex or you’ll get AIDS. What is AIDS? Bad, AIDS is bad. The original teacher got fired for closing the classroom door and teaching her curriculum like an AMA, how dare she pollute children’s minds by explaining things like consent or (gasp) GAY STUFF!
It’s one thing if ADULTS say dumb shit online and get fired over it, but posting that person’s home address and other personal information is inexcusable. And to do that to a MINOR?!?! I hope she faces some kind of charges for that, there are too many sick people who’d look for any excuse to hurt a child and she rang the damn dinner-bell for them.
I don’t get how people can drink that shit, they’ll drink 4 or 5 cans of the stuff to get just as buzzed as they would from one or two craft beers.
“Behave?” Who are you, exactly? My fucking dad? 🤣
r/natureismetal
"It's the quiet ones you've gotta watch out for." It's the quiet ones who are minding their own damn business, unlike SOME PEOPLE.
Anyone working in daycare.
In a State where it was the law to card absolutely everyone buying cigarettes or alcohol, and despite multiple signs posted on the front doors and all throughout the store clearly stating this, she shit her proverbial huggies when I refused to sell her cigarettes because she didn't have her ID. Most smokers just apologize and come back later, y'know, like a normal person.
Entities that subcontract to prisons, everything from low-level manufacturing to call-centers, do it to save money on labor costs. Also, if an "employee" has a problem, they don't dare complain because they're terrified of being retaliated against by prison staff. It's just fucking evil.
That they have to actually hire a separate person to actually get the actors to orgasm, they're called "fluffers."
This reminds me of those old “Little Prince” stories, a series of children’s books done almost identical to this.
Probably not a good idea to spread gossip without proof.
I’m pretty sure it’s a troll
For real, if you have such strong objections to someone else’s harmless choices, that’s a good indicator that you deeply regret some of your own.
He's also something of a transphobe.
I legit do not understand why people don't like patchouli.
Bread?
Yes, no, no, and no.
I swear I've seen this exact image or something like it as an album cover from the late 90's or early 00's.
It looks too "flat" to be a child, maybe it's a towel?
Maybe someone in r/liberalgunowners can help you
I'm indifferent: Whatever a grown adult chooses to to with their own body on their own time &amp; dime is none of my business, whether it's breast implants or abortion.
No Kidding.
Yikes! Was she hurt?
Consistent, maybe not necessarily “wise”
I can understand reluctance to integrate murderers and abusers, but sometimes people just fuck up in life and need to try again. It’s too easy to wind up on the wrong side of those bars, one bored/racist cop or ambitious prosecutor is all it takes.
Kid trashes my house, pisses off my pet, and now said pet is missing? That’s a get-the-fuck-out-and-I-hope-the-door-hits-you-on-the-way-out
I'm so fucking embarrassed by the collective stupidity of my countrymen, I feel like I should apologize. BTW, I could dance to ZOL for days.
Shit, I don't have a record and I'm barely skating by! I think that's happening everywhere, felon or not.
