The only thing is that if you already have done it a few times there is a lot of standing around waiting
Thanks, I now have a new word to describe my physique
I went to a uni without curves my gf did, tbh curves make people weak
Decided that 6am fishing in the rain was a good idea, went out with 2 of his gf's cousins in the rain to the river by her house and got too it, caught nothing and got absolutely drenched because the rain turned into a storm... It was me.
I'm 25 too and I'm pretty sure I had Tumblr in high school
Honestly the hives, saw them at a huge festival where everyone seemed to be there for them, I am a huge fan and was always aware of their personal motto of never play anything live that is obscure, only crowd pleasers and boy do they have a lot of those. They have the most energy I've ever seen anyone play and the lead singer kept yelling like a maniac and running around and jumping up and down the place for almost 2 straight hours, it was impressive, and he did that all looking cool as a motherfucker. Also at one point in their song "Tick Tick Boom" they made everyone at the stage crouch down they even yelled at some idiots that wouldn't do it because they were snapping pictures, then instructed us to jump up when he said BOOM! And go mad and damn if we all did. After all the yelling and dancing and pushing people the fuck around I was rekt but it's the best festival I've been too. Also that one I got to see Die Antwoord and they are another group of crazy fuckers.
I'm glad they didn't play float on, at the one Modest Mouse gig I've seen I befriended this random girl and we were hyped as fuck and sang every song and jumped around like crazy people, the rest of the audience was dead and only woke up to sing float on, I think a lot of people left after that. It was a great gig content wise but I hear Isaac hates festivals and shit because it's always the same, people want Float On then maybe Dashboard and then all their fucking legendary music no one knows. It's like they probably created two of the best albums of all time how are they THAT unknown! At least Lonesome Crowded West songs people should know.
+1 on Miike Snow, I'd just hope I saw them when they only had Miike Snow out because that's by far my favourite album of theirs
In general I don't like it because it seems every ginger has the same awful hair but the singer for Two Door Cinema Club is absolute bae, love him.
Not always, the other day I caught a glimpse of a perfume an ex wore and it sent shivers down my spine, I used to joke it smelled of happiness, it was bizarre as it felt like for a brief instant I had her back... Maybe not turned on per second but they do things.
I try to act cool as fuck around you, be smart be charming say interesting or smart shit around you, maybe brag a little but in a non obvious way, but not towards you, especially not like those guys who like get fixated, just around you, hang out a bit, then if it works you can tell by how a girl looks and acts at you in which case you move on to talking more directly and maybe catch some alone time to talk about random life stuff, maybe catch a smoke outside if it makes sense then. I guess the secret is first don't be thirsty and second be a cool person and be legit interested in the other person, then either they'll come to you or you'll know well enough fast wether you should ask. That said that's just me, some guys will be super clingy and bad, badmouth their bros and do macho shit because they can't play subtle, or they'll land the cool part because they are legit good caring people but then they'll fail at picking up subtle hints and not get anything, it's a hard balance and we all fail at it.
I think a lot of the dates I've enjoyed the most were waking up next to my date just a bit hungover and having a chat
And not only drawings across all cultures you can regularly find "fertility symbols" aka clay dicks
As a dude with an older gents balls where his young ones should be I don't even get manspreading, like the only reason I do it is because I legit don't fit in my local busses sitting with my legs close together, most guys either have shit underwear or are being dicks/ fake bragging about their real ones.
I think this only works with dicks of the smaller kind, no offense to that guy
To be fair not all clits are made equal, some are huge, some are barely there and the jiggling is different with every one.
If you don't mind me asking where are you from?
Holy shit I always say that, he never quite sat well with me, I got downvoted, I got hate, I got irl friends tell me I was an idiot and swoozie was fine, I get the last laugh then!
How are people like you being downvoted in this thread Jesus fuck
Are you actually this retarded or are you just trolling?
That's something I've struggled with for a long time, I guess it's when their power can affect you in a serious way, like in this case, break your career, maybe put you in danger or something like that.
My man
I mean inflammable meaning things DO burn is really dumb
Eh, Spanish has this same problem, flamable and inflamable are the same too, hell except for the double m it's the same word
You know hospital schools are a widely used thing right
The thing is that Facebook ads are pretty much hit or miss and advertising directly with content creators who have overlapping audiences with you is pretty worth
Apparently just on IG they have 80k + followers and a pretty good demo imo
And even then, it didn't sound malicious, just some really really bad luck, wouldn't want to ruin more lives for it imo
Very responsible of you u/datbeerdude
Hope you enjoy nam
In any way what does it matter, kids and dad's are naked around each other often, there is no embarrassment in that
How so? I remember being naked around my folks plenty and them doing the same, what is the problem with that even? (Seriously please answer what is the problem) I recall being a kid and going to a sports club with my family, all kids and adults showered at the same showers, no divisions or separate showers or anything, just guys young and old chilling together having a chat about their workouts or whatever kids talk about, parents would help their young kids but older kids could walk into the showers alone no problems, the only rule was no kids in the steam rooms. Nudity is nothing to be ashamed of, and the only other people kids see naked are their families.
I'd argue considerably less shit tho, but you are right.
But like what I don't get is how is it sick? What makes it sick? If no one is sexual about it, which btw is entirely possible seeing as many people all over the world are able to do it and not be sexual about it, like do you mean Americans are perverts and say the French are not? It feels very knee jerk from you like an automatic nudity=bad children = pedos, you know what I mean, you even said previously something to the effect of who would enjoy showing themselves naked to their kids, it's not a show and there is no enjoyment, people can just you know BE naked without feeling anything in particular about it and kids don't mind because they haven't even developed the part of the brain that allows them too.
I was thinking the same thing, you could even talk shit back, what is he going to do, run you down and beat your ass?
Because this is r/lewronggeneration as fuck lol The sixties and seventies werent an easy time for America, or anyone really, sure hippies were a thing but they grew as opposition to all of the incredibly fucked up stuff that was happening, it wasn't all peace and love and drugs and dumb free spirits, it was about hard political activism. You want to live in the idealistic version of the sixties we all want but wasn't real The reason I said enjoy nam is there was a draft, young men were sent to their deaths by force, maybe you would have been a hippie, maybe you would have died a horrible miserable death at 20 something.
Yeah
Which wouldn't be a bad thing, if her activism wasn't armchair and her hotness was real.
I'm pretty sure not, feminism is about dismantling institutionalised sexism, and sexism in general, you can't be a feminist and then be an obedient housewife, just because you "choose" to be enslaved by the patriarchy doesn't mean you aren't. Its like those "feminists" in hijab, you are choosing to wear a literal simbol of oppression you aren't helping!
Makes sense... Fuck I love OJ
No, one thing is to be dominated, like in a BDSM type way which is perfectly fine, but another is to voluntarily submit to patriarchal ways of living, which at the very least is hypocritical, it's like being an anti-gay gay republican. The whole right to choose brand of feminism might as well be called buzzfeed feel good feminism, it sets the movement back when people choose to submit to the patriarchy voluntarily and still feel good about it.
Ok so this is what I don't think you get &gt;Nudity is sexual, by its very nature. No it's not, nude is the default state, we are born nude and up until we invented clothes we were all nude all the time, I hang out naked around my gf for example, all the time, it's not sexual, it's just comfortable, I'm bisexual and bathe with other dudes in the locker room, I don't sexualize them, it's just a bath, I see nude people in film and photo ALL the time and only if it's meant to be sexual it is, are you saying the nude baby in the Nirvana's album is sexual? Is it child porn? Or is it a non sexual work of art with a naked kid swimming? NUDITY IS NOT EXCLUSIVELY SEXUAL. &gt;You shouldn't allow kids to partake in activities inside the house that would be illegal outside of the house, Idk drinking indoors is ok but outside it's public intoxication, should we also not drink at all? Also, there are many outside places where you can be naked and you haven't addressed it, what about nude beaches, for example or the fact that it's perfectly legal to be topless in some places like NY. Also if think you'll struggle with this one but legality != Morality. Lastly, if that happened in a public place it would have been embarrassing sure but most people who actually know small kids would have laughed it off, an adult knows social norms a kid that just turned 2 doesn't. Now lastly, you say &gt;The goal of any parent should be to prepare their kid to live out in the world and function normally in society. Nudity, sex and sexuality are normal parts of adulthood, and dealing with them in appropriate ways is the healthy thing to do, showing positive views towards then makes kids grow up more healthy and open, less likely to get pregnant early for example and being sexually educated, nudity is good for the purpose of self image and body image issues, and it helps young kids understand themselves better, some people don't even know their own bodies because they are afraid of being naked, how fucked is that?
So the things legal in your country are the only ones that are morally right? I wonder how you felt when you demonized marijuana and then it became legal and you went full 420
Ok sure and I do get this &gt;One can be pro something and still not act out the absolute maximum of an action. But being an obedient housewife and an armchair feminist isn't very feministy, is it? Political activist and mom is different Edit: phrasing
I mean I don't do all that but I am a roboticist and I do some generative art and glitch art thanks to then internet.
Is it me or she's a low-key racist looking for a dude like her?
I bet you drank monster because you like EG, EG Gateway drug confirmed
I feel Reddit does skew towards higher mmrs (full disclaimer I hover around 3k so not high) because high mmrs are more likely to find the sub as non regular Reddit users
Hey that is awesome
Is there like a line where we can get those?
Turns out after all this time I'm doing it wrong
Only waitress tho
No drinking AND a 6 month old baby, where do I sign in???!!
I've taken like less than one day freelancing gigs coding that require NDA's it's kind of a thing people think should be default because of inexperience imo, which looking at the add it checks out
They think MMR hell or ELO hell is real and they are actually good but their teams slow them down instead of actually being shit, that coupled with them playing for years now probably only makes it worse
Yeah, especially since VGJ knew what was up the fair play would have been to wait.
A+
You aren't meant to eat fondant dude
Some of them kind of want to try and be normies, but it's a love hate relationship to them, like some hate them because they can't be them yet want too and some just hate them... Hating women is the biggest incel thing to me tho, and hating chad
Where can I contact this fine gentleman?
All their IP
Fucking dope fam
You take that back, pulque is the most glorious drink known to man, blood of my people!
I have a bunch of Cuban teachers in my college, they all have suggested to not go to Havana if I stop by Cuba, one of them is from Camagüey I think, he said it's lovely
I mean, whose fault is it that Cuba is impoverished tho?
Where are all of you going in Mexico that you get this, seriously? I live in Mexico, I'm originally from Mexico city and live in Puebla now, been all around the place and never experienced all this
I find the best way is to raise a sound war onto them, fuck those assholes, imagine the music they would hate the most and play it loud, or even better, if you can play the same music they are playing, the double music source will be annoying as shit.
I mean his stun was unique when it was instant, now that ya projectile it's pretty bland in terms of uniqueness, still value tho
Also he wants to create a religion so Jesus confirmed
Post in r/tinder and for the love of God tag me
Keep trying it's a fucking gem
I actually have no idea what he wants, read it like thrice, I just know no more fucking pictures, NEXT
Para una persona sola, un chingo
El metro esta bien barato comparado con todas las otras ciudades del pais donde he estado, ahorita estoy en puebla y un camion cuesta 7.50
No inventes, ahi si esta criminal.
This is hilariously ironic seeing your username
Alcoholic punch hits me fast tho
Sometimes I do that and ping places where wards should be in spite of having wards on the map, most sups at low mmrs don't think about where they should ward they just do it in their common spots, without a thought in the world about what team needs
I think EG deserves it on the basis that if they have to play quals they'll just stomp trough NA, thus NA quals are useless.
I know, that's why I'm watching some other stream like grant or the dong if they do it, I'll watch literally anyone to not watch on fb
Every time I listen to that kid I think he has a brilliant future casting
It's like that EE quote, make it so people don't even know what Dota is anymore
Im sorry but after the clown af quals we just saw I'm sure EG could take any of them
And even then some people's genes are shit and any kids of theirs are fucked just being born, an aunt of mine went trough hell to adopt a baby girl because of all the horrible cancer any kids of her would probably have to endure.
I see you like bojack horseman sea episode
Sirenity*
Mind if I ask about the finish? Is it sanded? It looks incredible, wp
Just what I was thinking, just maybe I see imt or vgj upsetting but it's basically round one AP Vs optic for tournament
Is that vgj not BSJ team?
Man that was one of the best TI's DC was so hype, crowd going crazy yelling MOO, sounded like a sick battlecry every time they won, wings taking the world by storm, EG looking so good too, it was an awesome tourney.
I'm just explaining to the dude that asked what the phrase meant, I don't ven believe in God don't ask me that stuff lol idk, I don't think it would work like my explanation but that's what that means
It's not proven but I do often wonder if there is some sort of secret Volvo blacklist
Sheever for diversity, not at all because she's one of the most beloved and hard working personalities in the scene, because of diversity, fuck me man, what is even going trough your head when you write this shit?
I'm guessing it was a typo for country, tbh I didn't even realized it said county
Wtf is that rng fucking seriously, DD game is done, what the fuck
where is the game? technical difficulties maybe? I dont see why dab wave would be happening else
Oh since I read host I thought the panel host girl, I guess op means the guy doing dab wave who for the record I think is a total pro and has also kept this shit afloat
Change fear and Artour and kick sumail for iceiceice
I think in general rtz played godly this series but fear and sumails were pretty meh all games, hardly any chrono felt like a great one, also major props to the pos 4 on vgj he really carried his team
Holy shit fear is going to become a dad?? Damn my man
And great ones at that, there was a sick ward by Roshan pit that secured them tiny
I don't follow China doto, but I've seen many people say vgj is not exactly T2 is all I'm saying, maybe not the best in China, but certainly not T2 either, and mechanically they seemed at the top of their game, it wasn't exactly clowny dota Yesterday or people wouldn't say game 2 was one of the best games they've seen
EG is VP slayer like OG is EG slayer
Don't they always do? And aren't they historically the best placed team in TI? With two top3 and an win?
Chinese are fucking brutal with their memes
There have been times when Artour has been the best carry in the world, you are straight up wrong, agree with the curse on my boi Artour tho
Hopefully if I help build them I'll be spared from robot slavery
Something to be said on that is that Artour has pretty much exclusively always played with the best in the world, so that might have something to do with all his former and current team mates having been so successful, it's not weird to me in that sense, his luck tho is baffling
I think every tinker game is bound to have mistakes due to the nature of the hero, he's impossibly hard to play perfectly in a game like that, that said some mistakes can cost you the game, again it's the nature of it all I think, only a robot could have played a better tinker game, 70 minutes pos 1 tinker is hard stuff and Artour played the hell out of it.
I don't dare to call foul play there because of how instant it was and how broken shit has been this tournament, still had an impact sadly
Shit man got cheated on after 5 years too, I feel your pain, it does get better surprisingly
Sure fam, if you say it enough times maybe it'll become true
Which statistically it's fucking mental, how many pedis are there even that Americans think anyone can be one
If little girls didn't wear earrings they'd be virtually indistinguishable
The US is so weird pretending they don't do brainwashing, when we all know what it is
That after the loss from EG yesterday Universe is enjoying the sweet karma of the pizza party he got
Didnt they have a good showing last major? Top 3 I think right? A lower bracket run iirc
Major props to all the personalities there, I'm amazed at how professional they all were.
Well I'd guess changing contracts for accomodation for example takes time, figuring quick layoffs and dealing with a lot of that, rescheduling and organising takes time too, figuring out the roadmap of the event all over is not simple
This is true, but someday hopefully soon it won't be like this, and then fallout gaming will hsve a chance, maybe they get hired somewhere that's not Philippines, it's not the topic at hand man
Ok, I just googled Columbus, I was in Oklahoma, not in Ohio, I'm not really an American it didn't cross my mind that there might be many OSU's
Holy shit I know, it's like I'm not an American, I see their country falling to pieces and a complete orange retard at the top of it and it has not occurred to them that the political landscape has changed in all this year's and the alt right is the easy target to destabilise the country? The man said it himself, you need to re educate your country for it to grow and succeed, and the less educated people in America by far are the right wingers. Sure the left has some useful idiots still, but the leftist ideals are not at all what they used to be, left is center now and right is straight up falling out of the spectrum into big brother territory, which is just what Russia would want right? A dictatorial estate.
Maybe it's my country having awfully murderous politicians, but I'd doubt any high ranking politician to not have blood on their hands, left right or center
I have no idea what you are on about, is this like an alien or fantasy novelty account, it's awesome
Mostly due to geopolitical conditions rather than race imo
Probs worth for the views and donations
You can't really complain about people giving other people money tbh
My only question is how are disabled people not getting free transport, in my country old people get stupidly cheap transport and disabled people go in free
I mean, if you are willing to go trough using a wheelchair constantly just to get a free bus ride fuck it, you deserve it, of course I'm making the assumption that the dude in a wheelchair is handicapped what are you thinking?
Lose one bo1 then have to win 5 bo3 to win tournament SeemsGood
I mean, this people travel and play to make a living, the traveling I think hardly makes a difference, but it having less on the line might allow for top teams to use it to try strats and not take it TI serious.
I'd argue donations aren't a commercial endeavour on account that the donator is not getting anything in return, maybe turn off sub stream or something
Maybe dont show it in the overlay/no sub chat
Their content is their production, not the games themselves, valve is very clear about this
I actually like her, hope bts or someone not ESL starts working with her
Well, I mean, what did I miss, just checked in liquidpedia
People act like eSports isn't in a huge debt to James and all his professional accomplishments meant nothing because "he's an ass"
That has to be ironic right?
This seems like the most sensible, have the rats kill the hunter first while gorillas and a small rat army protect you, then just rats at everything, maybe use gorillas to kill hawks and crocs
Does the hunter have multiple guns he can share with you? That seems like he gets better if so
You are surely joking right? Right?
Idk, I'm bi dude, I think I would have laughed
Idk, somewhere in this thread a dude made a really solid observation that would only let liquid/secret be tier S, VP and newbee while having good runs and being a solid team have had some dubious performances this season and droped series against teams they shouldn't have.
I'd drop VP and newbee a tier tbh
And the mental gymnastics continue, it's like you wanted to prove his point.
I legit haven't seen 1 eg fan say anything bad about Uni, I think as EG fans we all are in massive debt and at a loss when he left, and we'll always be proud he stood with us for so long and we got arguably the best offlaner in the world for so many years.
All publicity is good publicity, also PPD has said it, it's good for the scene and the team, creates storylines and sells well, as a PR move it's pretty solid.
Yeah, also their styles don't necessarily have to gel well and PPD said something to the effect of Aui sometimes griefs which is perfectly possible
Tresdin joke was the best joke dopa2 has made so far
Can confirm, I'm 25, I hang with people almost nearing 30 and they do get current memes and most internet culture shit
I mean collectively doing something shitty and immature to the literal embodiment of shitty and immature seems pretty funny to me
The toy market literally wouldn't exist, kids are a huge profitable demo
I calculated the rats are about 300square meters of rats, if standing side by side, a lot of rats there
Someone posted top speed of a buffalo at about 30mph while rats can do about 10, if the buffalo find you and charge I don't think rats can stop them, nor hawks, that's why you keep the gorillas and the rats.
When literally anything gets to Ellen it's played out
You know they were all adults and he was well known for being an asshole right? Aint no bullying when its an adult and can take it as much as he dishes it
10k rats
This people are just fucking weird, so like EG is top team for 3 years, one of the most dominant teams in Dota history (T4-T6) and now they have a slower year, not even a bad one, a slower one, and everyone just KNOWS they have to disband, this people are a fucking joke, seriously, just beat top 4 team (VP) 2-0, lose to arguably the best team in the world and get top 4, but "this team is shit", "disband now". What a fucking joke.
By that logic only Secret/Liquid are T1, or maybe just Liquid is T1 since they seem to be the best, Secret just droped 2-0 vs liquid and have had some questionable loses this season, same with vp and newbee, the logic is just plain wrong and made so that EG isn't t1, which lets all face it, they are, they have 2 iirc top 3 finishes this season and this top 4, and im not even counting galaxy because of the huge circlejerk that "galaxy is shit doesn't matter"
Like a penis in a Japanese porno
Would animals navigate the fog trails or run from them, and what would happen to them when inevitably some forests just become full of trails?
As a non American, cars in America are not a luxury in most places, they'd need a complete revamp on public transport nation wide for that to be the case, in America no car is just awfully impaired mobility
Dude, when you under so much stress you got to go full GOAT and be like I'm the BEST MOTHERFUCKER IN THE WORLD, or else you crumble, so much pressure can only be overcome with bigger confidence.
GabeN 20 points to Fnatic! GabeN
Whatever, it'll happen anyway so might as well not even put much of a thought in it.
Honestly this used to happen to me all the time, to snap out of it id get out of the house, feel the sun, it helps
Imo third gen best gen, also I like porygon and it's evolutions
Some things do get better, people become less shitty, less bullying in adult life, if you are a gay kid and having a hard time adulthood is great for example
18 is a legal adult where I'm at
They look like some kind of suculent, the shells are sea urchins
Seriously not trying to be a dick, but if you were into theology why not do that at a normal university?
Your story just reads like &gt;I took an unscientific remedy, thought about it trough an unscientific lense and got unscientific results, but I think it works Like I'm not trying to be mean, I'm glad your kid is ok, but homeopathy doesn't work, plain and simple
Find the dogs I care about and bring them home, let all the other dogs I cant take care of lose
Not in a particularly organized manner, also if those religions didn't exist people would probably still organise and go help people, they don't do it because of the religion.
I thought she was going to go off in some homophobic tangent but no, shitty imitation of god's work... I'll never understand people like this.
It's never just temptation with leather daddies.
I've never seen anyone do this, but it's probably because I haven't paid attention, brb I'm off to the bar
Sick review man, for real, I didn't expect to come into r/dota2 and learn shit
That said I wish no one had to pay for knowledge and so as a programmer everything I can open I do.
Go get the what are we talk right the fuck now my man
I mean it is known
Idk about beets but Kenny would have the best Yams
TNC HYPE!
&gt;How many people are trying to become professionals in sports and spend 8 hours every single day playing baseball, basketball, football, soccer or you name it? 0. Absolute 0. And here we find someone that has never done sports and knows no high tier young sport players at all.
Is it tho? I feel like getting hired by Google isn't as competitive, Google is fucking huge
And also lost to pain last week right?
Which I think it very well might be, he's playing like a T1 player, PPD is bringing so much out of his team, 33 is a fucking beast and Ccnc is even showing up good, so glad for OpTic
Dúo carry
Hey people of the future! I was here too.
aaand down you go
More like renting really.
Holy shit, that thing is insane.
thats a 120 lifes changing sum of money lol
F
Inb4 a shit ton of Chinese slots and only required western quals
Also circlejerk artour has not tweeted BM while sumail is king
They need to beat the loser of secret/liquid
Wow, someone here has an inferiority complex.
I mean, seeing where he is now, probably not the worst call there
Yes, his ego was inflated but I do believe at a point rtz was the best Dota player in the world, he was unreal.
I'd argue this is not true, take PPD for example, the true evil genius, but he himself admits that mechanics aren't his strong suit, then take rtz, one of the most mechanically gifted players, a lot of the things he's done like game winning manta dodges, (I think there is an amazing dodge when he literally predicted the enemy jump) can't be done consistently by most other pros.
You just made me realize ember should be str and earth agi for colour consistency reasons.
And who are YOU? again?
Wat? Like do you even understand what he said?
Matlab heh
TNC got rekt.
CCnC toggles Poggers
I do want to try black 2.0
Even if he was the biggest asshole in the world he's also arguably the best captain and drafter the game has ever seen, probably worth it to stick around under his reign of terror if you are pulling some of the best results.
Yeah you get a freebie every so often, I rarely abandon but if I see my team being toxic af from draft phase, I'll leave, never hurt me
How many games did you get? That's just you being really bad m8
This, I climb better as 3 or 4 than 1 or 2
When my now late aunt was in chemo she tried wigs but they didn't really work, she went on to using this turban like cloths that looked dope, maybe hook her up with one of those
His best buds are weed buds
I guess it's kind of hard for us to do so, but there is a Mexican brand and their shoes will set you back 50 bucks, they don't compare to the pros like La Sportiva or whatever, but they do their job and are solid, most people I know use them, maybe pm me and I can look them up for you and maybe send you some.
Hey so I was about right, cool, also I'm guessing there are some breaks to shoot the shit amidst all the firing
Yeah, I did end up reading the difference further down the thread and it makes sense to me, I'm really not pro gun, even for self defense, but it makes a lot of sense that if you were to use them you'd much prefer the hollow points, and even why you'd need a few cases of them. This has actually been really informative and fun thread.
Maybe everyone figured the same as you and it's back to normal now.
I think the letters are the same but the intonation is the difference
Ok, somehow literally everything here is wrong, I'm Mexican, let me educate y'all. First, Mexico IS North America, that's a geographic distinction, second the Caribbean does count as Latin America, that is because Latin America is all about the places that speak romance languages in America, Canada doesn't count. And Dominican Republic IS latam as well. Oh and on the pure Spanish accent thing, there is no such thing as purity in Spanish and Costa Rica has a lot of regional words that like all latam the rest doesn't really understand.
To make your head not hurt for a second.
This, it's like, it's probably the same computer you use every day, how are you not getting it?
Hot take here, how would you define art then?
When I was a kid I accidentally put my hand trough a window while playing football with my dad inside the house, he yelled at me so lowd to freeze I almost faint, luckily I did freeze and just ended up with a very loud but minor cut in my thumb, I could have seriously hurt myself if it wasn't for his quick thinking and lowd ass voice, I was super scared but when he explained I was super thankful
Live in a small town in Mexico, it indeed exists
Dude there is a really famous cartoon with a woodpecker in it, are you really young or is woody not as famous as I believe?
I feel like both of these are hard because weight plays such a role in how you hold this, imma say suitcases especially
I just took a CPR course last Friday and according to the instructor, pretty much yeah.
What does this mean tho, I've only felt home with girlfriends, even ones I've been with for very little.
To a degree, also immigration is a bit of a desperate measure for most.
That's what I mean, if you don't have technique you are only hitting with your arm, however if you know how to hit your whole body is in it.
I don't think so, it's true their legend shines brighter after their fall, but they were the best team to ever touch this game hands down, and I say this as an EG fan that saw them win TI
My country has a lot of small isolated towns where all people do is drink, mostly, because it's depressing and boring to live there, I guess Amish have a similar experience
It's semi random apparently, to me it's dumber than just no tech at all
What propaganda, unless that's an /s I see the catholic church keeping poor people poor everyday.
Well no, editing is not the only thing wrong with this movie but it does play a big part because of just how bad it was. And idk who you are talking about, but I'm willing to overlook a lot, or at least say, x was noticeably bad but y made it better, this thing didn't really have any redeeming qualities
Cielo is also heaven, so you are saying a girl is your beautiful heaven
It's a very popular love song, in a way it's a love song to our country. Even if it's totally not originally.
Alemania va a probar, Alemania va a probar, Alemania va a probar el chile nacional.
A very famous one, if Mexico wins I'll introduce my gf to my wife lmao
Finally Monday wings are back at a decent price!
Puros momazos, les toco la de zague
Old people and Spaniards call them chupitos
Ey boy
Should have said carnal
Jaja arrivoto
Sabee
Any day as long as it's the third Sunday of june
A huevo prro
Yeah, I remember when they were just $2 I miss being a college freshman
There have already been anti gay hate attacks and a gay safespace was shut down, I mean you ain't as bad as Saudis, but you are far from good, and let it be known we Mexicans are shit at being gay friendly as well. That said again you are right, it's a disgrace that Saudis got to host with all the objectively horrible shit they got going on.
man that article is fucking gold
Dude, as a person from a country with a lot of earthquakes and huge tragedy due to them, never stay inside, never go under a desk, if your roof colapses, that desk aint doing shit, just get out of the house as fast as possible, without running also be calm.
Last earthquake in my country I was chilling in bed with headphones on, I thought my sister came into my room and moved the bed, I turn around and there is no one there, got the fuck out of the house as it was big. I helped in the huge clean up of the neighboring towns the following days.
I live in México and been all around and I have never seen milked bag in my 25 years of existence.
So is light bulb eyes
I mean, you need to go to the actual school to enlist, but if you are at the wrong one they'll probably direct you to the one in your district.
Heh no, that'd be some hogwarts shit
Yes, this one is easily the worst and I do am a ball bearer as well
Man, I saw my grandmother die at 90ish after taking care of her for 5 years and if I go at a comfortable 75 I won't mind one bit
Not really, in terms of viewership numbers they both are about the same, and Brazil got more tourism during world cup than Olympics
Well it's just common courtesy.
I mean idk if we both feel it when we finish it'd be weird if we didn't enjoy together right?
its u/bu3nyy I remembered having an E somewhere there.
I'll make an educated guess and say quite different
A mate of mine met some Russians in Portugal, asked about the gay thing, apparently their answer is "there's no gays in Russia so we don't care" kind of says a lot tbh, they were early twenties too.
Here in Mexico is biweekly but we say salaries in months, most people from other countries I know have this as well
I'd say that Russia is more similar to Mexico than the US, especially in terms of government violence and Healthcare. One could say Mexico and the US are quite different (by the way I know a couple of Mexicans that have lived in Russia)
I think mental health issues have also been on the rise statistically because more are OK with reporting them
The Spanish police are fucking dogs
I feel this is really unfair tho, like my memory is shit but I also tip well and try to become a regular at most everywhere I like, know the owners and people that work there, still I need to be told names like a million times, that's not a measure of anything.
The last all stars smh
Shangela was fucking robbed
Is getting pegged gay?
I'mma get good with daisy just to style on people, 4 stock your ass on daisy then on pichu for max humiliation
You just wasteful fam
Man what a disgrace, and what a sore loser way to go
That was a red tbh
Well I don't know how to put this, but I'm a procedural generation artist and roboticist, I love doing work in clay and other artisanal Mexican materials, right now I'm working on a Twitter bot that will make origami pieces with generated paper patterns and sheets, then I'm printing all the generated paper and making the origami physically. I'm just starting as an artist but I did work in robotics in university for about 5 years and I'm quite good at computer vision, now that I realized academy isn't really an option for me I started a studio, I don't get to work on it a lot but maybe you guys will like it, ama anything you want on computer vision, art, robotics, clay or anything.
Aren't you guys like constantly angry? I feel like that's all I was as a teen, everything was angry, cool music and movies, politics, angry at religion, war in my country, everything made us angry.
Man I'm laughing at the names right now, I'm sorry but why would anyone name their kid Chiquita, do they know what it means?
My grandma called it wc in mexico
Gagandeep is golden tbh
I just hope that first one was a funny drinking story and not an actual problem the dad had, pretty funny if so.
Sometimes I am.
Holy shit, we had a version of this in Spanish. Pican pican los mosquitos, pican con gran disimulo, unos pican en la cara y otros pican en el cu... Ando fui a la colina, me dijeron pecho tierra, como no les hice caso, me mandaron a la mier... Manita toca el piano... Then other stuff, ours was considerably dirtier tho lol
The only thing that can stop a bad guy with a report is a good guy with a report
When I realized that I didn't have to hit in women, that they'd come on their own and that as a consequence I was much better at picking up hints that my mates didn't, I'd often tell them girls were hitting on them but they wouldn't believe me because it wouldn't be as common
I like cigars, one of my teachers in uni was Cuban and he gifted me one, I can say it was an awesome experience, I felt like the Spanish old dudes I used to know as a kid, smoking and drinking or having coffee. I can quite think of anyone that smokes them like the people I knew as a kid, I still enjoy it tho.
I think with insects it's a little getting used to it, I'd not call it an aquired taste, crickets are very consumed in Mexico, I used to have a boss that grew up poor and she said her favourite childhood memory was picking and eating crickets, I myself like them quite a bit and for many a lot of insects are considered a rare and delicious meal, the taste is varied and great.
Haha that's how kids in Mexico learn vocals, pretty useful I guess.
What happens if you actually want coke, do you answer coke to the what kind of coke? Question???
Eh, I like smart animals anyway, it's like orcas, they are so smart it's scary and naturally they'll use their wits to hunt, nothing wrong about that we did it too
Adventure Time - food chain. It's just wonderful
The good thing is that you can make tea out of the "flowers"
If you can you can keep it in a medium sized pot, they won't grow like crazy if they don't have nowhere to go, so you end up with a beautiful little bush
That sucks for your friend tho, the commission on that expensive ass ring leaving you must be the worst.
A IS FOR ALFRED, B IS FOR BATS
Its just holding hands and kissing, never anything else, maybe a handy
I dont think anyone, critics included wasn't disappointed at boyhood, everyone was so hyped for it, the concept was super cool, then, well, nothing really happened.
Who wouldn't BDSM Barbarian tho?
My factory construction site has breathalizers, usually as an engineer I dont get it, but fridays/Saturdays everyone got to blow
Not really, you buy some cheap drugs, cross the border and BAM! You got a ticket to the US of A. It'll cost you less than a people smuggler charges for crossing you.
Tumblr: We want people to be able to express themselves. People: Leave because they can't expresd themselves. Tumblr :o
It's like twitter, just longer format text and more niche porn, no wonder its popular.
Lol you ain't you think I don't know?
Isn't there like a theory or maybe its cannon that gym leaders have different pokemon depending on how many badges the challenger has? Like since brock is your first he shows up with weak pokemon but a challenger with 7 badges should find like a lvl 60 steelix or something
A pocket knife is a godsend, I got a swiss army knife since a friend lent me his to take for my new job amd holy shit, a week after I bought my own and I dont part ways with it ever, best thing I ever bought.
It's such a historically good way to share a moment when you smoke tho, like, a minute at a bar with a stranger, making a friend at your new job, meeting a girl because you both needed some air. Books and movies share it too, I grew up with Tolkien and the image of Gandalf sharing a smoke with Bilbo was so poetic. Then finding myself smoking a pipe with old friends and going back to all those books and stories from childhood. Smoking is the worst for your health and we should stop, but maybe all those people, the writers, the poets weren't that wrong, smoking is an incredibly good way to pass time and enjoy life for a minute. I wish i could quit tho.
Get local anesthesia and play in the OR! Good luck with the surgery man.
People like you literally gave me the gift of music, thanks a lot bro
I mean they do, but who cares about YOUR image
I mean, when you die the entirety of existence stops from your perspective so whatever I guess.
I think if you suck you can turn quite the profit out of Capitalism.
Gender is performative, so yeah
It's not an unpopular opinion and you know it, it's also not what you think the poster ment. Gender is performance, and it's knowledge, sure those hyper strict gender roles or activities don't immediately transform you into whatever gender you are made but gender is a thing you have to do. First of all society defines gender, so to be a gender society needs to recognize you as such (both consciously and unconsciously) if you don't "pass" for example as a gender, society might not recognize you and thus deprive you of your chosen identity. If you don't look, act, exist, are put into the same situations and relations of privilege/oppression of your decides gender it means society probably doesn't recognize you as your gender. It also goes into oneself, if you don't recognize yourself as the gender you claim (within the societal framework in your mind) then you aren't that gender, whatever your conception of it might be you have to act it, do it, be it. It's not just a passive thing you can declare and immediately be.
You see I don't agree with that, gender is not innate because you aren't born with an identity, that'd be like claimong you are born with a fixed soul or something. Gender is learned and can be unfixed, see genderfluid/genderqueer people.
Acting in stereotypical gender roles doesn't make you a gender, I agree with you, but surely to claim to be one gender one must act, and even moreso exist within an internal framework of what that gender is (else one might call oneself agender and get away with the whole thing) that internal construct of gender and the one we belong to is arguably not as personal as we'd like to believe and it's rather informed, created and modified by the society that surrounds us and that we help shape.
You got lost in your own argument mate.
Idk I was hype as fuck for ultimate, like I'm 25 and was counting the minutes until I could play my downloaded copy.
If you want to go faster changing languages resets the 10 minute timer for new challengers. Or maybe you just want to play wol, idk.
Yeah, they both work but language change is faster
I mean the way you word it implies the more value you can extraxt from a friend the better the friend either means you are a shit friend or have a shit definition of friendship.
I mean other than having a fit over a clean uniform, that's why you get a maid right? To do chores...
This, or you'll end up with a kid that tries to flush himself.
But it's still people that society elected to represent them tho.
A lot of cultures still use everythong, its just americans are picky eaters
I work in the business as well and well, you are just proving my point, I don't live in america and in my country people love feet, I myself don't care for it much but other markets surely apreciate a lot of stuff Americans just don't care for.
A lot of people here are proving my point that America is picky, and I still got downvotes because "he said something mildly bad about America, fuck him"
You are proving my point tho, because other cultures would really enjoy that offal, and you yourself say Americans wont.
Guns are rarely used in actual self defense tho right?
They are! But if you are handling them you shouldn't think that if you get bit you wont die because god will save your ass. Respec the snek
Isn't it more likely that you or someone will hurt themselves or others on accident if yoh have a gun than the gun helping you self defend? Look I don't dislike guns, have all you want, go to the range, hunt, have a blast, but stop pretending the self defence argument is at all real.
I mean he's discount Matt Damon for a reason.
How is this subtle?
Just 30% waking hours working? Cries in broke
I mean, I'm a foreman with like 40 people under me so that probably means I'm building shit in space, fuck yeah I'm going, probably means I'm building something huge and cool as shit.
I miss those so bad.
Runts are, not the lemon ones tho.
I mean a SEA in EU form might not be that bad of an idea.
Fuck you crispy Rendang for life
It's just lile, dig a deep hole and get energy right?
I'd argue it's very good for walking, people walk the shit out of the streets, it's just not very comfortable nor western. A lot of American cities have clean sidewalks but no one walks them and the city is called unwalkable. This is just a difference in worldviews (tho the comfort could definitely be improved upon)
Honestly this, the drug people have a big incentive in having the people on their side, here in Mexico they even supported a lot of infrastructure in far away towns, pavement, electricity, water... Police are just criminals with a uniform, at least the drug people are honest, and mostly nice unless you cross them.
I really dont like defending literal scammers but if you are stupid enough to hand out your fucking passport as colateral well, you deserve it.
Exactly this, it's not some opressive faceless dystopian government, its your uncle, your mate from school, your neighbor. And bottomline the people really at fault are the people running the corporations, keeping the wages as low as possible to turn a profit thus forcing people into small scale corruption or crime/gangs. If nike and apple didn't know they can have wage slaves in third world countries because minimum wage is either low as fuck or barely a concept this would likely not be as pervasive as it is today.
Heh here in Mexico its usually just a small criminal, like someone who mugged a shop or moves some drugs or whatever, usually the lighter criminals. Maybe a graffiti artist.
So far I've not been in a hotel that asks for my passport, nor would I give them my business. Now, again, this is first world vs third world thinking, but if you do a stupid thing which can only hurt you and you still do it it's stupid, I know its victim blamey and I know it's wrong and while everyone deserves to live their lifes in peace, doing risky things in a place you know criminals operate in is stupid, it's just putting yourself in unnecessary danger, if you give your passport to a random scooter renter without asking or figuring if its ok and then end all pikachu faced when they don't want to give it back you just are dumb.
I mean, you can show me your data, but in third world countries factories and businesses especially the international kind get set up due to high level corruption, and low level the wages being trash force the people into corruption, I've seen it.
People won't think you look weird forever, a few days and that's that.
With the nore extreme ones it looks like it'd be impossible or at least uncomfortable as fuck to drive
I know teachers that not only say yes to this requests, they seek them out... Fucking creepers the lot of them.
Lmao as if América has ever not made war for profit.
Like how many tho? Also countries with monarchy don't care much for them do they?
Man, sing was the most fun dota stream ever.
It's really funny you wrote this dumb ass novel of a comment ironically calling yourself dumb and then saying mexico is central america, dude just fyi mexico is NA. American education LUL
Nah, I'm silver tier coaching only peruvian stacks, all you need is PMA and being funny.
In my experience the 5 stars one is the easiest to get, it's the first one I got, I think you need to remind them about it like 20 times before game ends tho, usually when team is finishing the game I'm like "yo, well done fucking gimme like, I need those compendium points, this is the last game before achievement" they often just give you the like because they think you'll get the points lol
Or when you could just buy recipe again
The list is actually pretty impressive
Snitches get stitches u/JJBroady
Does he speak english? Just asking
When they came for the gamers there was no one else left
Predator classes are pretty cool, I wanna play as an Orca build or like a dragonfly
I mean, not like you should take advantage of it but that's what rich friends are for, you did her a favor and her parents did what to them ammounted to just a favor
Every game, I swear, also tinker tping to shrines to farm jungle that also tp to lane as soon as soon as you start going there are the fucking bane of my existence.
Or snipe every kill like yapzor and solo carry your team with sick plays. Two kinds of supports.
Wait, so can rubik ikarus dive that supernova? So like a free spells rubik will look like a motherfucking orbiting supernova? Because that'd be awesome.
Dude I'm like 26 and still wish pokemon were real, I feel this so much lol
Yup, any kid could pull harder than drifloon
I legit don’t know, turbo is just for chilling and doing jungle challenges if team loses in 15 who cares
It’s a shitty hero most patches he’s a big creep, and sometimes tomb is broken as shit, top 5 hero I hate most
Bi Pride, that’s why I love my boy lion
Void totally hit the gym after remodel, he and TA can plow me all they want.
I’ve got you a little something
Holy shit the downvotes, like honestly plenty of LGBT in other communities I for one felt awesome when I found out prog from smash is a proud gaymer and all around beloved member of the community
I mean, you say that, but it’s proven that the more people proselytize the more they can recruit and one of the best ways to combat hateful ideologies is by deplatforming them. I understand the logic behind your argument but the data doesn’t support it. Also this argument can come from two sources, either good faith people with a bad understanding of the problem or people who say it in bad faith that just want to use it to keep saying whatever they want because it’s beneficial to them. In the end it’s quite the slippery slope.
Honestly pretty weird the old man never played warlock
Holy shit the Twitter thread is cancer.
Too soon. Still love the sentiment tho
I had to leave a job (in a western country mind you) because I was facing discrimination, and quite a bit of it honestly. Still proud as fuck, we still need pride tbh.
Dude in the US the police still targets gays and LGBTQ still face workplace discrimination and have a much harder time finding a place to live for example. Since most states in the US don’t have laws protecting workers companies can fire you for any reason which makes it easier to fire people for being gay as well as making it less easy to prove.
No more arguments then? I thought as much
Golem get ye gone
Honestly this, you give a high mmr a tiny ass window and he'll fuck you up, and you can never out aggro them because they know how to trade better. I play with stacks where consistently I'm the low mmr at near 4k and the difference between me and a 5-6k is fucking huge.
Honestly I went all the way from 1.2k to 3.8k and playing optimally no matter where in the trench I was is how I got out, I still grind and still playing optimal is the only way to grind up.
This, a herald 6 doesn't even know how to play the game, he should focus on that and not think of items a lot tbh
Honestly yeah, I’ll love the games, I’ll hate my 3k idiot tinker
Go tim anvorgesa
Why would you tell us something so bad about yourself lol? Jokes aside tho, how can you even stand his voice tho, like I dislike the dude quite a bit but I can listen to pretty much all others on his side (except maybe peterson) without a problem but with shapiro its like I'm actually a dog and his voice IS a whistle becahse its just annoying as shit. Like even if I was the type to enjoy his content I wouldn't consume him just because how annoying he is, he's like the rights lacy green or some shit.
I mean, in this specific sense his voice is really annoying, he has this whiny entitled yet paternalistic tone, like if you mix a condescending dad and a "can I speak to your manager" woman in a single awful person. If we are not talking about his squeaky voice tho, well his politics are shit, hes a reactionary transphobic centrist that if anything is just a gateway to alt right. Also he's so awfully vague on purpose that it's just the most annoying thing ever to listen to him because he speaks in a way in which he insinuates a lot of really bad shit but never openly says it so he has a lot of plausible deniability. Lots of winks and nods instead of talking face to face like a real man from someone so worried about masculinity.
Worked in a slaughterhouse for a while, blood everywhere, it never so much as phased me even when I did work in an OR. the slaughterhouse will desensitize you the most tho, it’s more blood than you’ve ever seen or will ever see.
Good, don’t touch blood you don’t know.
Get pigs blood?
An asshole bumblebee decided to land on my nose and sting me as a kid, I’ll never forgive him or his race in my life.
And honestly cute as fuck
At will employment is the most insane thing ever, like companies in my country here will do fucked up shit too but if you are a year in you can't get fired easily at all, we also have unions plenty and health insurance day one.
Go to mexico for the dental my dude, seriously, if you cant google dentists in mexico very easily pm me and maybe I can help you find something near you, I just got a cavity done and it was 400 pesos (about 20 usd) , as good as new, the flight will probably be costlier than the treatment.
Oof, that really hits home seeing my grandparents get less and less capable over the years, I just hope a stroke gets me first
GET THE FUCK OUT, NO FUCKING RALTS GAME FREAK REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Lion, witch and wardrobe first, but imo they ain’t very good, even kid me had to really force himself to read them and I fucking devoured anything Tolkien. The horse and the kid or whatever was the point where I tapped out like 5 books in, really really dull tbh.
Finally someone says the lord of the rings! The hobbit was like my first big boy book at like 6 or 7, I fucking loved those books, my mum used to read Tolkien and Verne to me and my sister.
I often times don’t vote when I feel it was a missplay on my team the reason we lost, or if I’m salty. Sometimes I recognize quality play and vote, it depends
I mean, if a nicely worded PR statement is all it’s needed to placate y’all, well damn, this is right before a major lol
No, you did make sense, it's just its a rather shitty thing to think.
No, dude totally had a relationship with the woman. The bee cucked him.
Idk when ppd was panel it was great. I think I’ve seen pajkatt too and even some Peruvians were great
My SEA friend is lower mmr so it averages out ok for me, also while I can't play shit like puck or whatever it feels ok with like lifestealer or other farming heroes
I'd honestly just buy 16 year old me a good gaming set up, I deserve it
So that's what it was, my pc felt like shit this last month or so and I didn't know what it was.
And I bet so many people would be fucking thrilled to do this kind of grunt work. Seriously valve, open a Dota maintenance team crew and you’ll be filled with people who want to do the job and love the game. I know I’d love to.
Being from a country that doesn’t even speak English every word you capitalized sounds like a fantasy randomly generated name or something lmao
Romance languages*
I mean really agree with you on the vibe balenciagas give but bro don’t talk shit on NB the Japanese have some next level NB street wear game
Same, bought level 100 and now I’m like 142 and I’ve played a bunch lol, maybe I can grind the terrain out and then just buy whatever else I want which is shakira arcana, tiny and maybe invo, don’t care for axe
It’d be worse if they still read it, it’s all kinds of fucked up
I mean it’s really arbitrary tho, like which parts are fucked up and which aren’t, say when god sends two bears to maul a group of teens because they called this rando preacher a leper. Is it fucked up that such a small thing made god kill like 40 something people, should it be seen as a parable of not mocking elderly or clergy? Should we question the teaching of a god with like zero problems killing people. Like who decides what we ignore and what we don’t? Do we eat shellfish. Stone gays? Use cloth made of two different fabrics? And like if you are one of those does the New Testament is the only one that counts kinds of guys what do we chose still? Say when Jesus kicks those dudes out of the temple, he threatens them then beats the shit out of people and destroys their property (except for the dude that sold birds for some reason) what lesson do we get? That physical violence is a valid avenue for airing our grievances with those that offend god? That we shouldn’t make business out of god? That Jesus was kind of badass? Seriously, we should just drop it altogether and maybe read a different book if we want lessons. I’d suggest Camus as a good place to start, the myth of Sisyphus for example is pretty good.
I mean catholic canon has its own entirely weird non bilical things that are weird as fuck, transubstantiation for example is peak weird catholicism. Anyway, dude the story of jesus kicking the merchants out of the temple is like top 3 jesus stories, I don't even know which it is because I'm not even christian but he very much told them he was going to beat the shit out of them "brb making a whip to whoop yall" then went back and did as much. Anyway,I agree l, its an old ass book and honestly we should treat it as such, it's so old you can literally see the geopolitical interests of those who wrote it, as you progress trough the book. how are you meant to derive any sense of morality off that lol? Anyway we've developed so much interesting philosophy since the Bible was written to me it's just nonsensical to default to it. Also, sorry but I require no help, what I'm saying is, the bible is not meant to be cherry picked and if you are going to do as much where you have your internal sense of morality and try to fit it into the Bible only in ways that benefit you might as well stop being such a bore and branch out into propper philosophy from last century.
M8 seeing as this happens in every server get used to it lol also SEA players are better than AUS so might as well learn something.
I mean, so is literally every country that plays dota, I play NA and everyone throughout America, north and south is awfully racist (except maybe the canadians lol) but especially Americans, we all know how it gets in Europe. Ausies not only are no exception they are very well known for their toxicit and awful racism.
I mean honestly I hope they keep my boy hfn but idk Gunnar kinda deserves it too
And at least spec can do a desperate blademail difusal build and still pull off a win, AM literally won’t build anything else other than battlefury manta and that takes a while even when ahead
Go lick a boot somewhere else and come back when you actually enlist, the “I nearly enlisted” camp are the fucking worst, love to lick boots but are to pussy to put them on.
It’s literally why I keep coming back, those perfect hard games but everyone still tries hard and keeps up are the absolute best. Extra points when like every player is from a different country and y’all just chill. Dota has confirmed latín Americans are brothers, we banter and hate our guts but also have a deep ass bond.
Random internet conversations sometimes feel like perfect capsules of humanity.
MR SOLO GET DOWN!!!
OwO
This is what gets me, literally the same time investment, I’d rather pull a phone or tablet between matches or something, maybe 10 minute games
Lol yeah sorry, not my first language
Top tier BM region only challenged by SEA
Truly the next lebel play. That watermelon head is fucking sick
The mustache tho, coach me daddy
Is it? Tbh I think I'm set to max 5 thumbs up before the other two achievements, if you keep it pma and win you almost always guarantee the 5 thumbs up, also you need to remind them to thumbs up a lot.
They don't produce sick fucking content on the side like Pimp does with his company tho.
I know like 5 russian words and I'd rather watch russian stream, its more hype and much better obs.
You don’t need to pay Gunnar we actually will be throwing for someone else
For real, the arugula is dope but Jesus fuck why strawberry Not as bad as Japanese takes on pizza tho.
What is this meme?
Chen LD is fucking disgusting, idk how peter let it happen twice
Sounds like you are taking your insecurities up to her tho
I wanna hear the story of how his mom was right lol
Hard agree, if your mom teases you a bit and you lose confidence in her you can't take shit.
Why does he even stay lol he's probably a bit traumatized but that's on him now
Fanfiction.net is the fanfiction.net of kids that cant write lol
I mean he was right, sadly what DOES kill him...
Some, but actual top level athletes just die real young and fast from like a heart attack.
AI is going to replace that shit real soon
Dude, from someone who lives in a place with actual violent criminals if someone pulls a gun or knife on you before you have time to react you are dead gun or not anyway and if people are bold enough to barge in your house when they know you are there they'll probably bring enough firepower to blast you to hell and back and back to hell again. Seriously guns only work if you have the drop on the person you are trying to shoot.
Criminals gon do crime, yet I've never encountered one, lilely never will and when I do if I pull my gun on them while they already drawn theirs ill just get shot.
Always said the best way to get a good price on a secondhand kayak is to cripple the owner.
Geez man don't cut yourself on that edge
Not only all that but wisp makes gyro extremely tanky and that’s pretty much all gyro wants, to survive in the middle of the enemy team flak cannoning everyone. Also wisp has a talent that wisp autoatacks whatever the teathered ally is attacking (at the same time gyro hits) so a desolator lvl 25 wisp essentially applies the deso debuff as well making gyro deal more damage, iirc is flak is turned on wisp attacks everything hit by flak cannon too, so instead of the already hard hits gyro is putting you have wisp deso hitting you at the same time as well fast and hard.
So like I’m Mexican and thus western (I see your whistles OP) but also love spice. Anyway, Americans make everything extremely bad and also plasticky, like all American food tastes like it came out of a machine, not an animal or plant, not made with human hands, everything is very unnatural, even what I’d call the soul of the food is unnatural, fake Mexican, fake Japanese, fake anywhere food made in America tastes soulless because only like that it can appeal to their bland taste. I understand southern American chefs have a more original food but overall it’s, ugh.
My grandpa calls it hole water because the bubbles look like holes in water, I’ve always thought if holes had a taste it’d be that of hole water.
It’s tradition in Mexican hotter states like Veracruz to drink hot coffee to help with the extreme heat.
Sucking dick
Literally no one is saying that, idk if you are making like a sneaky transphobic comment or you are just kinda confused.
This thread in a lot of ways is just "shit Americans think is girly" like what's better than a propper bath in this world, hang out in the sauna, jump into a bath with your bros?
Lmao ok then you are just confused, what is this "gender separation" thing you speaking about and why would a dude getting fucked in the ass by another dude not be gay? Whos saying that? I thought you were saying a trans woman getting fucked in the ass by a dude was just a gay dude but now I literally have no idea what you are on about.
The enigma is fucking hilarious
Nice
I would argue it’s better to not use finger to ks until level 12 because of cd but also because it “wastes” damage if not used correctly. For example did you spike/finger when you could have just fingered? Did you finger a guy with 100 hp when you could have spiked? A good finger maximizes damage while securing a kill so if the target is guaranteed to die it’s better to finger first to use all the damage instead of using it as a finishing move. Especially since you have a few seconds to still get the bonus, and even then sometimes it’s more worth to forgo the bonus to guarantee a kill.
Which makes me wonder an axe ulting a lotus orb while below threshold kills himself?
I feel like this is a more recent way to play the game, before kills meant more and less heroes could flash farm and so a kill meant “more” in the overall game. Like shit a first blood still means a lot.
I'll always have a soft spot for kyxy go fidget spinner team
I think beastcoast can clutch a win for the upper bracket
It's just gronp stage bro, don't worry
Fnatic with the fucking 322 after they had finally come back
You are honestly right the boys are cute af
Eg to finals let's fucking go!!! Time to watch my boy artour win a major!!
I think you dont quite understand what a microcontroller is, and idk if this explanations are 100% there. To a begginer, you can think of a microcontroller as a small basic computer, now the thing that makes it different is that a microcontroller has inputs and outputs where electrical signals can pass trough, so like you have a sensor, this sensor outputs an electrical signal that varies when the sensor is activated, you can put a wire from the sensor to the microcontroller and the controller can now do calculations and desicions with that data. Same for outputs, your controller can put out electricity to move a motor [aided by a small electric circuit]. Now the code that this microcontrollers use is for the most part free and accessible, the controller for sure costs money, but coding it is free, writing C or python or whatever, is just like typing in spanish or english in that as long as you know the language, aint no one can stop you from writing in it.
Yeah, you pretty much got it, you can get like a Bluetooth receiver and send a button press from say your laptop or whatever, the controller and Bluetooth receiver interact with electrical signals and the controller can send other signals to perform actions. Think of the controller as the "brain" of the robot.
Glad, if you need any help dm me
El pedo con esas teorías es que no están comprando las casas y los coches según entiendo
Imagínate ser tan pendejo que crees que el peje es igual que Trump, seguro también crees que los nazis son socialistas
Que penita me das neta
Fuera de que el que nos rompió las piernas fue el pri, por 70 años luego el pan nos las rompió otra vez y luego el pri regreso a patearnos mientras rodabamos en el piso, pero si, masomenos.
Que no ya estaba claro que lo agarraron "sin querer" y cuando se dieron cuenta de a quien tenían ya era tarde. No había operativo según yo, lo agarraron por una pendejada.
Y no es secreto que no se tiene, desde calderón no controlan esa zona por lo que hizo, no mames lol
A nadie le importa
No, hay un precio mínimo de entrada. Osea no puedes ir y decirz doy diez varos por el Ferrari amarillo y te lo dan. Si nadie entra con el precio mínimo pues no se vende y lo guardan para la siguiente.
Ah chido
Porque para ti solo puedes defender un partido político si te pagan. Por eso la gente con principios de te hacen prostitutas de a gratis, porque te piensas a ti mismo como una puta que si cobra.
No es cierto los gringos subastan muchas cosas pero lo hacen los departamentos de policia
No es strawman porque no estaba argumentando, vine a decirte pendejo no a discutir
Bleh, no hay nada ambiguo, tú dices que los gringos no hacen eso, yo te expliqué que si. Tú dices que que pasa? Si se regalan o como? Yo te expliqué que hay un precio mínimo de entrada a la subasta. No se dónde ves la ambigüedad amigue.
&gt;Entonces se regala? como deciden al mejor postor de la subasta? Ahí está tu pendejada, para que no te hagas wey
No
Jaja a mí me das más asco tu fachito, sigue vendiendote al mejor postor.
Honestly it's pretty impressive how winning rehabilitated fuxkingbads reputation
Big Moxxi DESTROYS cuck caster with FACTS and LOGIC energy from this post. I agree with you, maybe we can chill with the clickbait.
A friend of mine says slacks wins games because he's such a positive force his aura makes the team try harder. Like he's obviously good but his energy just pushed the team into wins
This is the best thing I've ever seen thank you!!!!!!!
Stonewall was a riot, this has always been a fight when we are dying. Im not further talking to a crypto. Nice paragraphs tho.
Absolute god
No, I always thought Toby was going to be the one to get me tooed if it ever happened in the scene. To be fair I also had a really strong feeling about kyle so what do I know. I'm still waiting on bulldog stories.
Maybe it's related to the culture and zeitgeist that we all have to live under, racism is a systemic problem and Toby was a racist. He's also a rapist and guess what is also a systemic problem?
Oh, the first step is to forgive those who benefit from opression? This giving them what incentive to change?? STFU, how can anyone be this dumb?
I mean, there are many ways that an abuser can get out of that. I honestly won't say anything because I'm just finding out but a not guilty doesn't mean a person is.
I'd legit do that. New to the game? Grab yourself some of the tons of thrash sets the game has thrown at me.
