- **Server:** NA - **Type of Bug:** In game bug. Tool tip. - **Description:** Nocturn's E gives bonus attack speed. When leveling it shows the increase in bonus attack speed incorrectly. It will say 20 -&gt; 5. Indicating the bonus attack speed changes from 20% to 25% with the next level. From leveling from 2nd to 3rd it says 5 -&gt; 5 and so on for each level. - **Video / Screenshot:** None - **Steps to reproduce:** Level up on Nocturn. - **Expected result:** 20% -&gt; 25%. 25% -&gt; 30%. ..etc - **Observed result:** 20% -&gt; 5%. 5% -&gt; 5%. ..etc - **Reproduction rate:** 100% - **System specs:** NA
Isn't it a bit late in the season to only be getting its first snow?
The problem is that lower levels of play (where the majority of players are) is basically one giant kill fest. So it's no uncommon for people to have 20+ stacks really early in the game.
Some of my favorite games. Each had some love/hate. I wasn't a fan of the 'dungeons' style of #2. I enjoyed the overworld and open world more. I did enjoy the limitless days of the 2nd one more than the 30 day timer on the 1st.
At level 5 we can assume that the party will have somewhere between a +3 and +7 in their con saves. You're probably going to get 1-2 people dropped to 0 right off the bat. Your party probably doesn't have many if any magical melee weapons so the real damage dealers to that banshee will probably be the wizard and sorcerer. The two people who probably have the lower Con Saves and are more likely to be out of the fight. I would either A) Not use the wail ability. B) Use it but only have the lowest roll (if lower than the DC) be effected. C) Turn the 'drop to 0' into a simple fear that they can repeat at the end of their turns. D) Have the zombies turn up *after* the saving throw. That way if too many people drop you can ease the fight by having less zombies come.
The two slaves who were forced to kill each other were the only two that survived that day. They watched as the walls came crumbling down and with no survivors, just sort of left.
Was he ever under oath? I can see an argument for fraud though.
Of course the end game is a constitutional crisis. We are already in one. The senate is failing in their duties to hold people responsible.
I played the original on game cube. I saw on the store that there are two versions. Are the differences big? It was so long ago that I played the first that I could get it and it would be like a brand new game.
It's the teams fault which includes you.
Yeah I just saw this. In reference to Flynn being interviewed 19 times by the Mueller probe: "Flynn had to explain to them 19 times that everyone at the Trump administration is innocent."
No one is born a Christian. We were all born atheists.
Here you go: https://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/860wpf/i_wrote_out_30_simple_mostly_noncombat_road/
"Democrats play dirty all day long, I'm glad to see us do it too" -Republican Voters.
They'll wait for him to be back in the states before he is indicted. You know... flight risk and all.
4) Jr. doesn't cooperate. Gets the book thrown at him. Trump pardons him. Nothing comes of it but brow furrowing.
There is only so many smells in the world. I wonder if a dog has ever smelled someone and got it confused with someone else. Like "Yeah I know this stranger, they're my owner."
Isn't soil laced water easier to float in because it's more dense?
I mean technically you did still paint the entire model right?
Michael Flynn admitted to committing a felony over a year ago. He was looking at serving prison time for it. Since then he has given 19 different interviews with the special council. With Mueller basically waving his crimes, it means Michael Flynn gave the investigation "substantial information" (actual wording used in the papers filed). We don't know what Michael Flynn gave special council but everything indicates it was big. And large scale investigations like this are all about flipping people to bring down more or bigger targets.
&gt;He will overpromise on things as negotiating positions and then work towards a middle ground. You give the answer as if his over/under delivery is directed towards someone powerful, such as a leader of another country or trying to compromise across isle's on a bill. But what about promises given directly to the common people? Every day citizens - such as promises at a campaign rally.
Ok boys. We not need to start adding this to the bottom right corner of our other meme videos.
Wouldn't this nerf it even more though? Spamming clicking the m16 isn't optimal. What's optimal is to click in sync with its max fire rate. Increasing the delay slows down its max fire rate. People are still clicking fast but now the difference is even greater.
This was a change that when it first happened, people were upset. But after playing it, everyone came to absolutely love it. Strange they are going back on it.
haaaaaa ^aaaaaa aaaard!
Thanks, pal.
Can't wait for me and my team mates to not divide scopes up even more.
"Let's see what Ja-Rule thinks" is meant to mean people care too much about what other people care about, especially when the other people have little to no experience with the types of matters. John Oliver, while a comedian and entertainer, is still someone who brings the news and information about events in a way that helps make complex issues more palatable.
CNN has the tweet on its banner on the bottom. Followed right behind is "Keeping them honest: It doesn't"
Senate R's are fucked either way. Impeach him, lose all those R trump supporters votes. Don't impeach him, make your state's D's so pissed off you get outted next election.
Video said this years unpaid lunches debt is ~$45k. Which comes out to about 18,000 unpaid lunches. (Article said $2.50/lunch.)
Our school always said they would do this, but I don't know if they ever did. To be fair my high school was on the wealthier end but there were still plenty of non-wealthy people attending school.
From what they said, initial circles are smaller compared to other maps. This means that by mid game players are much more concentrated. Concentrated players tend to not go for drops.
His hair went from Santa to Gandalf in 2.4 seconds.
Bread and Circuses.
It can get like this in the Central California Valley with regular consistency. Complacency with fog, and the fact that roads are pretty much straight for their entire length with few intersections people tend to drive way faster than they should in it.
I'm absolutely hoping they add this. Such a simple thing to add. It would be like 1 strand of spaghetti for them, tops.
Is this a specific fence on the map? Or are all similar fences bullet proof?
My favorite thing is when two full teams are both running from circle (because it's one of the last and it hurts) and trying to fight at the same time. Shoot, run to cover, heal/shoot, run to cover, heal shoot, run to cover. It's happened a few times but man is it thrilling. It's super fun when both teams aren't really good shots too so that it lasts longer and when you're running you get hit maybe once. It adds to the thrill.
I get it adds a little bit of ambiance to the game. But I've got to wonder if these flashlights are just adding to the weight of the game in terms of how hard it is for PC's to run. I mean sure, it's probably a small tiny file. But things like this can add up right?
I've seen a 'summarized game' on youtube before. It seemed like a squad was half wiped out with 1 roll of their dice. How does this work? Wouldn't who ever hits first basically be able to wipe the other team?
24 days?! That's like 3 weeks away!
Even a non-transplant kidney has a shelf life of ~78 years.
Why only give 10 minutes of energy input? Why not give it 30 minutes, or a day, or a week?
Before chute is pulled, pressing "W" but looking straight toward the horizon you fall faster and so you cover less distance. With the chute pulled you can fly **much** further than before. Pressing control slows your decent and lets you glide. You go slowly, but with the first circle's being 4.5mins, and moving in slow, you should be fine. There is not an area of the map you can't jump too.
Nanci first called it the "trump shutdown" right to Trump's face. To which he looks off camera (Maybe to Schumer?) and says something like "That's what they're going to call it." I suspect we'll see Trump try to spin it the other way now for sure.
If Mueller doesn't get to him first I assume he will. 1) He needs to retain power in hopes he doesn't go to jail. He'll probably go to jail even with power but the odds are at least better that he won't. 2) His personality doesn't really see himself as a loser or as someone who can lose. 3) He is surrounded by yes-men who will probably be telling him he's such a clear win. 4) He only watches fox which again will be confirming what he suspects about himself.
Lost Mines of Phandelver. Great for first time DMs and good for first time players. Its open enough that you can very easily add,remove,tweak content without it upsetting other stories. Consider reading it through, then adding your own 'side quest' to test your homebrew fun.
Off the top of my head: Make it mechanically a fireball but call it something else. She's a gunslinger so make it some sort of special (explosive) shot. She would need to find the ingredients to make them and the tools to make them as well. She would need to spend time learning how to actually make these. And even then it's difficult so there is a chance spending the X hours trying to make an explosive shot might not work. Use a skill check to attempt it.
I remember reading an article about an astronomical event that happened in our history. It was several hundred (thousand?) years ago so there was far less light pollution leading to a much more vibrant sky. The earth went through a comet's debris tail and caused 'shooting stars' on a scale never before witnessed. There were tens of thousands of shooting stars an hour to some records. And because the way the heavenly bodies move through space, the shooting stars have a 'point of origin'. So when you look at the sky they appear to be starting at a certain spot. The way it was described in the article is like it would have looked as if the earth was shooting through space at light speed like you see in the original star wars movies.
I'm no lawyer. But in CA I think it pertains to use in court.
Do you think that the way Trump constantly uttered the phrase "...and we are going to have Mexico pay for it" was, at the very least, dishonest? I can't ever remember him saying anything along the lines of "...through economic trade reform" at one of his many campaign rallies.
He sounds stupid. But attempting to read his transcripts are like reading the writings of a literal crazy person. &gt;Look, having nuclear—my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr. John Trump at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart—you know, if you’re a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, like, OK, if I ran as a liberal Democrat, they would say I'm one of the smartest people anywhere in the world—it’s true!—but when you're a conservative Republican they try—oh, do they do a number—that’s why I always start off: Went to Wharton, was a good student, went there, went there, did this, built a fortune—you know I have to give my like credentials all the time, because we’re a little disadvantaged—but you look at the nuclear deal, the thing that really bothers me—it would have been so easy, and it’s not as important as these lives are (nuclear is powerful; my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what's going to happen and he was right—who would have thought?), but when you look at what's going on with the four prisoners—now it used to be three, now it’s four—but when it was three and even now, I would have said it's all in the messenger; fellas, and it is fellas because, you know, they don't, they haven’t figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it’s gonna take them about another 150 years—but the Persians are great negotiators, the Iranians are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us. &gt;-Our President, Ladies and Gentlemen.
Level 3 helmets need to go back to crates. How ever I might be in the minority when I say that level 3 vests, being as common as they are now, is a good thing. Currently, this map is crazy difficult to spot enemies on in comparison with other maps. When traveling, people get the drop on you all the time. Having that level 3 vest makes it so you just don't get insta-gibbed the moment you have to move by some unseen enemy. It lets you live long enough to take cover and actually have a chance to fight back.
Several months ago they were talking about how they are currently researching, discussing, and testing ways for this game to remain profitable for the long term. Ladies and gentlemen, there solution is coupons.
I don't any reason why, or know of any rules stopping a creature from, flying near inches off of the ground.
The 'Hover' ability just stops creatures from falling if they are knocked prone while in flight.
It should show the gun, immediately beneath it, should show the attachments. They should be indented a bit so we know those are the ones. Others that were not attached would just be normally placed.
I do enjoy his videos. But what in game effects is making a Brachistochrone Curve not the most efficient way to drop prior to diving at the last minute to gain the necessary speed to shoot further down during parachute deployment?
No one has posted it to this sub yet but there is a mannequin dog on the new map with a patch of yellow snow under him.
Remember too. NPCs can lie. "Fine I'll stay right here, but I'm not going to sit here with a thirst that can kill a camel. Get me some ale and I'll stay." *The PC goes to the bar and orders a beer, a moment later returns to the table, only to find the NPC is no longer there.*
It isn't a full release on PC yet either.
You'll get burned out on it more quickly than you realize. Find other players. Even moving it to online and use /r/lfg to find a few other people.
Should also note that when you stop giving compressions, even for a moment, the blood pressure falls and it takes several compressions to get it back up to where you were before you stopped.
"Joker" and the thief. - (Wolf Mother) "Thunder" struck. - (ACDC) Like a "stone". - (Audioslave) Pro-Tip. Choose a song on youtube, look at the "up next" list. You'll find something.
Literally heard it as "The economy did so well under Obama because the Republican's stone walled him into tanking it."
Do anything nice for the ASM? My first job was busing tables. I was asked to clean up baby puke by a waiter of that section. He bought me an expensive dinner from the restaurant that night. He played it cool. "Yeah, hey, I ordered this and just remembered I brought in my own dinner, so you can have it bud."
The bars on windows are mainly a problem for shooting.
Well now that blinking flashlight seems more relevant.
Sometimes, when I'm bored, I go downtown and pretend to be gay. Find a happy couple enjoying their afternoon stroll along the streets. And confront the man with a very feminine voice "Oh, Honey, You got to be kidding me! I thought you said you were through with her! You said you loved me!" It keeps me happy.
Only on certain surfaces. When inside buildings on Erengal the audio that is played for footsteps is different for you if the person is above you.
Is this UC Davis?
Meditate. Specifically mindfulness meditation. Sounds strange but doing mindfulness meditation is a great way to train your brain to deal with difficult situations. Mindfulness allows you to realize that you are thinking and not the emotions you are experiencing. [Here is a 20min clip from Sam Harris' podcast "Waking Up" where he is talking about the benefits of meditation.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGIjJ1yohHs)
I've been playing him Support. Sure the other team can eventually get me down through my passive but in that length of time my ADC has killed them. It actually works surprisingly well.
They are also giving out 72, 84, and even 96 month loans on vehicles.
How much clear cutting can it be? It's a strip right through a lot of desert. Probably at most 50 yards across? Fire lines are cut into forests all the time.
Non-deshelled still removed peanuts.
Your kill cam is biased. You're not going to see on your killcam people missing their shots because they won't kill you.
Yeah I'm glad I'm not the only one realizing this. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills. Half a month of going to work to make this?
Needs some disadvantages as well. Such as to dex saves or stealth checks. Maybe it's heavy and reduces movement by 5ft as well.
Can you continue to complete previous weekly challenges after the week is over?
Did this during the first Sanhok pass (I didn't have the pass though) and it worked. We just kept going and watched how fast it would bleed out. We got down to two ticks and you're dead.
Should note that swallowing magnets is really only dangerous if you swallow more than one (or a metal the magnets can stick to). So this kid must have swallowed more than one.
&gt;praise be to the Gas Spore Ran a gas spore in a dungeon. Party immediately took the bait thinking it was a beholder just around the corner. They spend a decent amount of time talking it over on what to do before deciding to just back track.
Is this coming to just Grover or all of the 5 cities?
My line of work takes me into a lot of stranger's homes. A good amount of these safes are located in their garages for this reason.
In the video is looks more like the dog sees someone he doesn't recognize. His barking is more of an alert bark. He basically has other things to worry about than a little water. Like bills.
There is an all female iron maiden tribute band playing in Morro Bay on Jan. 10th.
Mirimar is basically Mexico which is heavily catholic.
Eastern Orthodox is the dominant religion in Siberia.
I'm willing to bet that that isn't the actual reason.
Are there any anti-religious books that are disguised as religious books that we can give to people?
source?
On social media people aren't blaming Trump, Republicans, ICE, DHS, or even the Democrats. They're blaming the parents of the children "For bringing them through the desert and 3 countries when they are already sick or ill."
Oh see my idea would be a book called like "Praise Jesus" or "To the glory of Him". Something that on the cover looks totally like it's a religious book. And it starts out talking about good things about religion. But slowly, as the chapters progress and the pages turned, it drops hints about the true nature of the religion.
*Sigh.. Unzips pants*
Can we take a moment to look and see that he almost said "Through a military coup"?
There's a joke on Futerama I think where when the new president comes in the secret service tells him that he's allowed 3 assassinations and to choose them wisely.
Roll initiative each round is what I've seen done before.
It's 25% off (currently $18.74usd) on steam for the Winter Sale right now.
3 have died "in recent memory". 2 of which were within a few weeks of each other.
I do wish Flash Bangs become viable in the future. I want those blinds to last for days!
In the Tomb of Horrors.
What are they asking if he is qualified for?
Meh if it’s outdo it’s probably cheap. $40 in CA if you got the hooked up.
My Floridian senior relative has since turned on Trump about a year ago when it was mentioned they want to gut medicare. So it is possible. She hates him now.
Economy isn't doing as well as the layman thinks it is. And if these new Tarrifs with Mexico go into effect and ramp up harder towards the election like it's rumored they will, then we definitely see a drop in purchase power for us lower folk.
Freezing walkers is not what the show wants. They talked two seasons ago saying their motive moving forward is to have the walkers be a bigger threat. If we remember in previous seasons they basically grew to become just a nuisance.
Or be able to use them from the ground?
A false wall is where you hide your drug money.
"Something Something creatures put on earth by god for us to use and abuse." Then you remember that this mean the bible is cool with screwing goats and they had to add extra passages closing this loop hole.
It's sad to think that after today none of us will really think of him. Here is a man, who in very real terms is having his life ruined, his sovereignty of self diminished all because people lack basic critical thinking skills. And it might be even more sad that we, who have such critical thinking skills, just brush it off as another casualty in a war against an ideology that promotes such asinine behavior.
With his short comings in showing much progress on the wall during his first term, would you still be seduced by any promises he makes for his second term?
For anyone wondering. Polynesian and South Asian countries train in martial arts by punching/kicking trees. It helps build up bone density.
More accurate version: https://youtu.be/KnKgBz1pAUU?t=148
By the text book definition he is a victim. You don't need to be unjustly harmed to be a victim. Anyone who is harmed by an action is considered a victim.
Is the demo with DLC or is it Vanilla?
The only thing that stopped me from hopping over from Civ 5 to Civ 6 was the art style. I'm not a fan of a lot of it, from the caricature style leaders to the fog of war being a stylized drawings, none of it sat well with me after coming off of so many hours on Civ 5.
I'm a manager and one of the few self governing rules I have is that I never tell an employee to do something that I wouldn't be willing to do myself.
2,000 words a day? That seems really low.
You also forgot that mount is a third item sold separately.
Often times newer games will either not go on sale, be marked down by a small amount 5-10% or have some DLC marked down.
Why you gotta bring that up?
How is sprinter difficult? You can do it on normal difficulty. And if you do it in a group of 4 it takes like 45 mins.
You’re the problem.
They attached it wrong on the ground. But it's supposed to be the winch operators job to visually check from the helicopter and know it's wrong.
Static isn't a problem on this sized helicopter. On larger helicopters, such as a black hawk, you need to let cable hit the ground before even attempting to grab on it.
The stokes is also hooked up wrong.
If you’re west coast. No. East coast. Yes. Do you have friends to play with? If not then no. If you do then yes.
Political leaders are rich. There are some much more wealthy than others but no senator is doing bad. No senator is cutting coupons. No senator is choosing to not pay for electricity this month so they don’t fall behind on the rent. They’re all well off so when they hear about another making money illegitimately they just don’t care that much. So what if he makes it unethically. It’s not like that money is coming out of my pocket. And if it is my pockets are deep enough for me not to notice. Not to care. Not to worry about it.
Have them rotate out. Every 2 years one is removed and a new one seated. The first one is the last one out. This would make it so that the SCOTUS keeps up with the popular trends in elected officials.
I think they’re also dragging it out to line up more closely with the next election. It’s going to hurt when they start to find all the corruption just as the election cycle kicks in to over drive.
Is DNA evidence that accurate though? iirc John Oliver did a show on Last Week Tonight about DNA evidence saying it wasn't as clear cut as people think.
I hope it has to do with NA West’s servers. Really would like to see a game that doesn’t put me at 115 ping.
It is not against the Geneva convention to shoot paratroopers descending to the ground if they are intending to do so like this. It is when the air craft is disabled and they parachute to escape the air craft such as a fighter jet pilot ejecting.
We have non-journalist American's visiting North Korea. Without even looking up numbers I bet there is a non-zero number people traveling to Venezuela wouldn't you agree?
&gt;The kidney donors didn't irresponsibly create most of the people who needed the kidneys. If I decided to break bad and rob people. And in the process of robbing someone I shot them. They survive but they need a new kidney as their's is failing due to me shooting them. Should I be forced to give them mine if we are a match? What if we aren't a match, should I be forced to give it to a neutral third party who I do match?
&gt; Abortion should not to be used as a form of birth control by irresponsible fuck wits. How many people do you feel use abortion as a form of birth control? To avoid semantics: Yes, abortion is technically a form of birth control since it's controlling a birth. But in my question and your statement we should further define birth control as a way to avoid pregnancy all together.
The video in this sub is actually a 'play list' showing two videos. The first video does not show the ledge grab. If you're on mobile it might not auto-play the second video.
CoD:MW came out in 2007. A few years ago they remastered it. That’s what this picture is from. They are now Re-Imagining the Modern Warfare Series and releasing a new game under the same original title of CoD:MW.
Yeah I think this would have been a way better and darker ending. Think of how you would feel watching this character now have to explain to his wife that yes I'm having an "affair" but also it has caused our son to be "raped".
There could have been some serious dark twists How fucked up would it have been if the in Viper's the son accidentally got ahold of the game and the guy banged his kid thinking it was the dad?
And here I was thinking this game was supposed to be realistic.
Are we talking about child birth? Or raising a child? Cause child birth is easy. Raising a child is not.
Yes it is. Just like every other system, rule, idea, etc.
To be fair they acted as grain silos in Civilization II!
Reminds me of that video where they had a small amount of explosive on each one and chased down crowds.
That's crazy! What was the name of your first pet and also your mom's mating name?
Independence Day is a movie.
Watched it with someone who has seen Hannah Montana. I remember them mentioning some but I can't remember what. The wig?
Old School Tekken has a bear character. Think it's a Panda though with a polar/brown bear alternate skin.
It's weird I made a post on here like a week before the episode dropped pointing this out. Some man was imprisoned for life for being an atheist. I doubt anyone who commented on that thread will ever remember it or think about him. And yet he is still sitting in prison.
Funny enough I had a friend join the marines as this mini-series was originally airing. He left part way through it's weekly airings so never got to see it all (at least at first). He was saying (before leaving for basic) that he didn't think it was accurate at all. I never did ask him after he came back home if his views changed.
Did you know that we, Americans, already pay for undocumented people’s health care? And not just undocumented but for people who don’t have health insurance. When an illegal immigrant gets a cough they put it off. They don’t have health care so they know they have to tough it out. But when that cough turns into a life threatening illness they then go to the Emergency Room where we Americans cover the thousands of dollars it costs to get them better. If they would have been able to go see a doctor sooner they could have walked out spending $50 on some medicine. This is obviously a very simple example. But it’s a fact that preventative health care is drastically cheaper than waiting for an illness to get serious before treatment.
Also dress nicely. It sends a message to the people who are viewing protests on TV. If protestors look homeless and grungy they are easily seen as bad people. But if you see people protesting wearing decent clothes it makes you sympathetic.
Can you give some examples of “Liberals in the press pit” behaving badly?
So does this mean she gets all that money that the internet donated to Collin's challenger?
I liked the idea that Jorah not dying during the average length night and him being the one to kill Danny. It would have been more impactful as someone who we know loves her doing the deed instead of this forced romance that is Jon and Danny. This would let Jon actually become king like the whole plot line has been building up to since season 1.
How about all of Dorne's forces?
It's pronounced Dew-ma. It's french. And the story is about a prison break. You'd like it.
On subreddits that support him their current reasons are that he has upheld his promises to the best of his abilities. It’s just that the liberals (and in some cases the republicans aka the deep state) have been stopping him. Basically if it wasn’t for all these checks and balances.
mmm no. I don't buy it. It's HBO. You can some serious writers to work on your ideas with Game of Thrones at the drop of a hat. You have Martin on call to answer any questions and guide the story on where it should be. It's down to D&amp;D not wanting to do the show anymore and just wanting to wrap it up.
To the best of your creative knowledge; what would be a reasonable example of a perjury trap an investigator might have tried to use?
Is he on record for saying what his reasoning is? We can all joke and say "It's because he hates America." or "Republican's don't want fair elections." Sure. But what, if any, is on record for as to his reasoning for blocking all these bills? Also this article is from May.
Any griefing protections or are on the honor system?
How do you feel about the increased tensions with Iran and the seemingly yearning for the current administration to want a war with Iran?
Maybe I should be a journalist. I ask the hard questions.
I was afraid when I asked it that I might be opening up a can of rabbit holes. I basically just chose one of the topics you mentioned and expanded on it since conflict with Iran has been on my mind as of recently. A lot of NSs and NMs have different opinions but I feel non-interventionism is one that most of seem to be behind wouldn't you agree?
!don'tremindhim
Make two comments. Delete the wrong one. Works half the time.
Yeah I don’t like making fun of her looks either. But on the other hand this is a caricature. They are drawn to over exaggerate notable features of a person. Her notable features happen to be some that make her unattractive.
Why is it that you decided to put the term nazi in quotes but not socialism?
How many civilian U.S. citizens can a foreign country kill before the line is crossed for you? The retaliation for crossing the line might be different for the number. Kill one, you get a sanction. Kill a thousand you get a bomb. But a follow up question. Why wasn't anything done with Khashoggi's killing?
&gt; He made a joke Do you not see how this is a cop out? It seems like every week the president says something and I hear "it was a joke" or "why are you taking it so seriously". It seems intellectually dishonest that the best argument to be made about so many things the president says is "it was a joke." At what point do we decide we've had enough jokes and start taking the person seriously. As the late Maya Angelou once said, "When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time."
I just watched it to see what you meant. It was clearly a joke from her. Not seeing it is silly. How come Trump supporters can’t take an obvious joke?
Wedding caterer here. Often times (40%?) a bride and groom will leave the dining area during dinner completely. They'll rush off with the photographer while everyone eats to take pictures, just the two of them, at some distant spot on a venue (think vinyards on a winery's property). It's always about this time because it's sunset and has great lighting.
Can't tell if this is past tense or future tense. If it hasn't happened yet I'd be hesitant. That red-sauce can stain a tux with one accidental spill.
Wedding caterer here. It happens quite often.
One of my favorite things about Sam Harris and his podcast is that he literally says at the beginning of each episode "do not pay for this if you can't afford it. Send me an email and I will get you subscribed for free."
Just had a beyond meat burger the other day. Company bought them in bulk and vs a premium burger patty they were about equal in cost.
Youtube says it was posted Apr. 11th by a "John Roberts". OP on reddit has an account name of "johnr22" and is 7 years old. Repost maybe. But doesn't appear to be stolen.
Any statistics on people coming in poor and making it to middle class within a year or at all?
You have accurately written out how I've felt about the scene. I can appreciate an emotional art performance. But when I go to a comedy club I'm there to laugh not to be inspired.
I think Modern Family was number 1 in ratings for awhile.
I agree with this. But there tends to always be a fundamental problem. How do we solve the issue with the fact that we can’t “shop around” and let the free market work when it comes to immediate emergencies?
In regards to the tape (and this comment as well) they actually see it as a joke. He wasn’t being serious. It’s just some dark humor that riled up the left. This of course is a severely flawed way to view the world.
Vampiric Eagles. New band name.
What does it say about his character that he would make a comment that would imply there is a type of women he would rape?
That is actually what I believe. I give him the benefit of the doubt when it comes to allegations like these. But I also want to take the women seriously as it may very well have happened. But without proof there really isn't anything to be done. My respect for the possibility that this could be true makes me believe that making jokes such as "she's not my type" is every word from disrespectful, to obtuse. Are we at an understanding?
How long would you suggest someone keeps it?
Does it matter if they were deleted after they were already handed over to the FBI? If the special council offices deleted them the FBI still has them.
What other sub reddits have they spilled over to?
My favorite thing for awhile is to be the most right wing person on that sub. Someone was for free speech? I was for freer speech. Someone likes the 2a? I LOVED the 2a? Calling people who are obviously crazy right wing people "leftist liberal shills" gets them triggered like no other.
Not OP but I think what he might mean: Is that we can only see 14 billion light years away from us in all directions. A sphere the size of 14 billion light years in radii. We know though that if we draw a straight line in one direction to the edge of that sphere, and a line in the complete opposite direction to the edge of the sphere that those two points are 28 billion light years away from each other. So to an observer at either end of this line, they shouldn't be able to see each other because their observable universe hasn't gotten there yet. There just hasn't been enough time for the light to travel that far. So what he is saying is that "something" could be beyond our observable universe. We just havent had the chance to see it yet.
Can you imagine reaching for the glove box real quick with a cop right there? Carry coulda got shot there.
So if we can put aside the questions of "was the shooting actually in self defense" or "Shouldn't the woman defending herself just left the area" and other such ideas we can approach the appropriate thought experiment. And that is if a woman that is pregnant, gets herself into an unjust situation that loses her baby, such as starting a fight, should the mother be charged?
Since when are those explosive?
To be fair. Gas doesn't explode when shot irl.
It tends to be that election security should be left up to the states, not the federal government. Which IMO is fine if it's a state election but this is an election for the federal government.
Did you know that we already pay for all illegal immigrants healthcare in the form of subsidized ER visits? If we gave illegal immigrants the access to purchase health care (such as a Medicare for all option) they’d be paying into a system that would lower costs for everyone else. Not only that but they’d have access to preventive medicines which study after study have shown to be much cheaper for a population. So I ask you. Why is it that you want a system that costs you more money and doesn’t help as many people?
Should they be turned away because they’re here illegally? What if they could afford what ever treatment they needed out of pocket?
Just an FYI to people wondering. Many Polynesian martial arts styles including kicking and punching trees to increase bone density. Each hit makes the bones grow thicker and stronger.
Same scenario. The illegal immigrant who is shot and fatally wounded unless they receive medical care is a child. Should hospitals still be allowed to refuse service?
I personally don’t like it either. But I’m just wondering if some sort of exception should be made for a minor. Even say, a 17 y/o? Considering often times the fact them being here illegal is of no fault of their own but rather the parents.
There are lots of factors that attribute to high housing prices. One of them, how ever large or small you wish to say is up to you, is people owning multiple homes.
https://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/860wpf/i_wrote_out_30_simple_mostly_noncombat_road/
As someone who wasn't alive during that time and just now only heard this term for the first time. What is it referring to exactly?
Na.
Never seen it. Any good?
It wasn't a bus but it did look awesome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrD3sW3VEO8 The woman at 1:04 or 1:20 is all you need to see to drive this point home.
Remember when they posted bogus stats to justify removing the 1v1 game mode?
The new F35's have optics that let the pilot see through their aircraft and track targets anywhere. They can look at the their legs and their helmet will say that their target is down right in the direction of their foot.
Break that item up! When the magic item is shattered some of the residual magic is left behind in the pieces. The players may get a piece but they didn't get the whole thing. Now the quest to get the rest and reforge it is there. But of course the NPC who has the other piece/pieces will be trying his best to get the others back as well.
They'll be imports.
Not just a net positive but how much plastic from a car ends up in the ocean compared to plastic cups, straws, bags, disposable items, etc. 300kg of plastic in a landfill is far better than 300kg of plastic in the ocean.
You got the details on the mechanics of the rising water? Was considering an encounter like this before.
I work in these places. There's a lot more than goes into just putting the fires out before making sure its safe. Every home has chemicals stored somewhere. Pool cleaners, cans of X, Y, Z, in the garage and under the sink. All of these become hazardous materials that have to be disposed of. Trees get damaged from the fires and can fall down out of nowhere. Roots can be burnt out creating cavities underground that you can fall into or break legs on.
Was it the military that attacked our embassy or citizens in protest?
I forget what the effect is called but what you're describing was first noted with coal consumption in France a couple hundred years ago. That when prices of a commodity drop it doesn't mean that people save money, it means they just buy more of it.
Interesting. I just always assumed since it's moving faster than sound it would be the sound to the target. Do you have any reading on this topic?
Over on a Trump supporting subreddit the emotions seemed mixed. Some are saying it was dumb. These are the ones that I personally believe are true to their morals. They have the anti-interventionist attitude that they voted for Trump for. So they see the move as dumb for doing anything in the middle east. Another reaction is that the man was evil and a terrorist and so killing him is good. This second reaction is followed by 1 of 2 other remarks. That A) They don't care about ramifications because it was the right call to kill someone evil. or B) If this leads to a war it was a bad choice but we should wait to see before we cast judgement.
Call me an optimist but at least it wasn't baggage claim.
While they do have a sizeable and equipped military they do not have nuclear weapons. They were on the path to getting them but a treaty was in place that stopped them. This treaty was abandoned by the U.S. under the Trump administration.
From what I've read it violated international law and a current treaty we had with Iraq. It is quite clearly an act of war.
History is full of countless examples of inferior forces standing up to superior invaders. They are a porcupine we are the wolf. But when compared to Iraq their quills are sharpened and many.
See over the next 24 hours to week or so rhetoric be talked HARD about how much a bad guy the general was. How he was a terrorist. Killed innocent people. Hated America... etc. How the U.S. had no choice but to take out this evil evil man. Then we will see Iran retaliate in some way. They've always said that killing him would result in a war and a strike would happen. When they do expect the talking points to shift and completely disregard the fact that we did a first strike. They'll become all about how now we are only defending ourselves against their aggression in this new war. If this narrative can get across to the people then he will most likely win reelection simply because in a wartime Americans tend to stick with their president and Republicans tend to vote hard during this time.
I don't think he wants a summary.
So which option is correct? A) His words are genuine. He is actually meaning and intends to do these things. (Commit a war crime by purposefully striking cultural centers). B) His words are not genuine and he's just trying to posture (Putting himself into a position that he cannot legally back up.) C) He's telling a joke. (because that seems to be the go to point TS's make when he says something dumb.)
Why 52? I mean I get Trumps reasoning of one for every hostage. But do you think this is the real reason behind it? Do you think someone had that idea of "One bomb for every hostage they took!" or was that just a thought that came after the fact like "hey, that's funny, we found 52 sites to bomb and they had 52 hostages, what a coincidence?" If the former what of the two possibilities do you find more likely: Our military has X amount of sites we can bomb and decided to 'find more' to make it 52 (IE: bombing non-military locations such as cultural sites) or that we have X amount of sites and are deciding to not bomb them all so we can stay at 52 to keep it more symbolic even if it means not getting a full job done?
I know? I acknowledged he did. And then I asked a question pertaining to the rational that trump gave which you quoted.
Pornhub has ads? Like in the middle of their videos?
Someone please let me know if I have this right: A thief gets a hold of someone's credit card information. The thief sets up and Ebay account and sells item X for 50% of what it costs anywhere else. People go on Ebay, see the great deal, and buy it for the 50% normal price. The thief then uses the stolen Credit Card info to purchase the item at normal price from the retailer and send it to the Ebay buyer. The ebay buyer receives the product at half price. The retailer receives normal price. The stolen credit card owner paid the retailer full price. And the thief received the half price all while remaining relatively anonymous.
I've always filed with Turbo Tax. They've never charged me for either State or Federal. Should I switch?
If there were reasons to that I'm currently unaware of then sure. I see no problem with at least hearing other people's opinions on the matter.
I don't think we actually did. I mean he tweeted that we did. But other than that I haven't seen any source saying this is correct.
This was brought up over on /r/asktrumpsupporters. The logic that was given by Trump Supporters was that there are dozens of Intelligence Agencies all comprised of thousands of individual people. They can't all be against him and they trust his judgement on who to get the right info from.
Fighting climate change requires policies that will effect nearly every aspect of life. From the tax code, to how the military operates, to our foreign policy, to social programs, to our energy sector.. etc etc etc. To simply give the liberals what they want on climate change in exchange for everything else republican might be a seriously fair trade when you consider all of this. Do you agree?
Tax code: offering companies or individuals subsidies and tax credits for purchasing solar panels or purchasing energy efficient products. Military operates: Restructuring some aspects of the military to be more energy efficient. There was a story I read about how a particular naval base hadn’t used their allocated amount of jet fuel for their fiscal quarter. The air squadrons were then “trained” how to dump their fuel mid flight. A training on paper, sure. But it was tailored to use the most fuel they could so as to not have a surplus or else come next quarter their fuel budget would be reduced. Foreign Policy: it doesn’t matter what the U.S does if they can’t get other countries on board (some of which currently are way ahead of us wanting us to be on board) to help fight climate change. Social programs: public transit systems is an easy example. Basically there are a tons of ways that climate change can be dealt with. There isn’t one solution to the problem. The issue will have to be dealt with in many ways. The debate should be then what ways are worth it, which are not, which take priority, which do not. Does this help?
Can someone find me Ja Rule?
Can someone find me Ja Rule so I can make sense of all of this?
Haven't heard anything about that first part. Got a source?
While the rest of the party wants gold. The good aligned character has learned that a Lich keeps their phylactery in safe deposit box. That’s what he’s after!
Not just because they splurge it all. A lot of people who are already wealthy (multi-millionaires) who then win the lottery also end up going bankrupt.
When you take this comment literally. And actually assume you began laughing out loud mid sentence, you seem like a crazy man.
You mean the original movie?
Please Riot, Please! I want a LoL MMO. I want to be a helmet dude taking down a giant ass galio!
The guy is 93! He was born in 1927! I hate to say this, because I have no idea how I would handle a situation like that, and I too would probably roll over and take it. But the dude is 93! You're 70lbs up on him. Charge his ass!
I was in first grade yes. Are you still? December 2018 to January 2020 is 13 months. 13 months = a little over 1 year.
I think she's right. I think everyone gets a little more conservative as they age. When you're young you really only care about social issues. And so for peoples politics they align with that, on the social issues. When they get older, and out of school, they start to acquire money for themselves, and start dealing with taxes. And now they have to deal with economics too. Now you can very easily be liberal with how you view economic policies as well but from a starting position of left, it's easier to swing right.
FYI Christmas Wrapping Paper (which may still be on sale at some places?) has 1" squares on the back. You can use this to draw your own.
There are a lot of traditionally non domesticated pets that are on the front of becoming domesticated. The Fox is one of them. Raccoons, opossums, and skunks (people often have them de-scented a surgery that as far I understand is as invasive as getting an animal spayed or neutered).
Multi-class. There are 12 basic classes (13 if you count artificer). That's level 240 we can get to.
I'm excited that so many people are excited for this. But I sadly am not too interested in this book. I don't like jumping from campaign setting to campaign setting so I tend to just stick with Faerun so I can have my lore in check. I'll be waiting for the next book.
Well my dogs bagged food is made with rice, corn, vegetables so I would hope so.
How do you feel about the basic idea that someone working 40 hours a week, regardless of their job, should be able to support themselves?
Miramar is arguably the least liked map. Re-making the least liked map seems logical. As for new biomes. It is a thousand times easier for them to use the same biome where they already have tons of art assets already made and ready to go.
Mom's Spaghetti
It's easier for them to just re-use the assets they already have though.
How do we know that buildings are destructible?
&gt;no other BR has introduced new maps consistently Apex?
The easiest way to break down the immediate savings is this. Everyone who pays for health insurance is paying a middle man company. That middle man's job at the end of the day is to make money for itself. All that money it makes for itself is money that is being leeched out of the system for no reason. Remove the middle man and you immediately get savings of tens of billions of dollars every year.
Anyone know where I can watch the interview in its entirety?
Now scale it to include player count.
&gt; you also get increased utilization By utilization do you mean people are now using health care who weren't before?
There is mercury in some vaccines. But low and behold there’s different types of mercury. The type in vaccines, used as a preserving agent, is not easily absorbed by the body and so is not toxic in anywhere near the dosage that a child is receiving. It’s kind of like how bananas are radio active but not enough to really give a shit over.
There’s a town in Mexico that succeeded from Mexico and have been technically at war with Mexico for years. They are communist and the government just sort of lets them be.
To be fair there are sound arguments for such a thing... https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7Q0orniYkeg
Should note too that it was a lot worse in older cars.
Is impeachment always a political act? If the president were to murder someone and everyone saw it. Say he shot someone he didn't like on 5th avenue. Is it still to be considered a political act to remove him?
What the hell is a pokemon raid?
I hear this a lot. Can you further define 'political act' in this context?
Regardless of how either of us feel about this president, does this mean that there is no way to remove a sitting president who is a criminal without it being a 'political act'?
I can hear it now, the trump supporters claiming that a second impeachment violates Double-Jeopardy (or rather, violates what is Double-Jeopardy). But I also love how right now the biggest refute to any claims of justice being carried out is that 'Impeachment is a political act!' which is supposed to somehow cast aside any due process or fairness.
Did they ever do a 50v50 mode?
Love me some Iron Maiden. Are these on live servers yet?
So then where does a right come from? Lets stick with the example of the right to bear arms.
The key word in all of this is the very first one, "We". The founding fathers and by extension the new U.S. Government of time are the ones attributing these rights. They may claim that they found them to be self evident or to be endowed by a higher power but it is still a group of people asserting this idea. The government is the one who is claiming the vicarious authority to give us these rights and there for also enforcing it. Does this make sense?
Perhaps. I should say that I meant no offense by it but I do see it can be viewed as poor taste. Thanks?
I think the mix up in terminology which I may be able to clarify. Society grants rights by establishing what is and isn't a right. For example: 1) An obvious right our society grants: The right to bear arms. Our society says yes it is a right. If a member of our society, say Joe down the street, says "Bearing arms is not a right." Society would find him wrong. 2) An obvious right our society does not grant: The right to possess child pornography? Our society says no it is not a right. If a member of our society, again Joe down the street (now a pervert), says "Owning child pornography is my right." society would find him wrong.
But then of course the next question is how do we define or qualify what is or isn't a natural right? If I declare that the right to life is a natural right, I'm pretty sure we can agree that this should be considered a natural right. But what if I say that the right to possess child pornography should be a natural right? What makes this not a natural right versus the other?
&gt;There is no right to violate rights. And possessing child pornography is a violation of rights of the child who had no ability to consent to creating that We're getting off topic a bit but a 17 year old is a minor and cannot consent in the U.S. But the age of consent is younger in other countries. In these other countries a 17 year old could consent and produce these photos. But if an adult posses those same photos it's still not a right and is a crime. Would this mean that the right to posses something is different in certain places or just not innate?
I think salmonella can spread from person to person if you don’t properly cook your human first.
Fun fact on how Ghandi became a War Lord in earlier CIV games. In the original there was a bug. AI were given a scale on how warish they were or how peaceful they were. Ghandi's started off pretty neutral and as the game progressed he slide further and further towards the peaceful side. But the moment he got to the end of his scale, and slid past the end, it would overflow to the opposite side of the scale making him go from the most peaceful an AI could be to the more warlike an AI could be in 1 turn.
What is the PVI category?
So the argument I hear is that the Senate shouldn't be the one bringing in new evidence or testimony as that is the job of the House. If the house did not collect all of the necessary testimony or evidence then that is a failure on their part. Is this at all true?
I kind of wish we had duels still.
Regarding weapon spawns, they did say that the weapons would be low initially and after play testing on live servers they would be upping them.
That but more so after the fact. He’ll have someone with outlandish views and Joe will engage with them sincerely. Then on his next podcast he will say something like “We just has so and so on and man they have some crazy ideas in their head.”
I just got back into PUBG. I left mid season 1. Am a west coast player and would constantly have 104-114 ping. Now when I play I'm at 39-46ping. Still higher than ideal considering CS I can find servers at the 16-24 ping range. But my goodness the game just feels better! I'm not getting shot around corners like I used to. My shots are connecting like I feel they should. The game is smooth. I get about 1-2 packet loss moments a match still. Basically the game will stutter for about 3-5 seconds and a random point. Mostly it's semi-early during that initial travel/loot phase so it hasn't been in a gun fight yet. Here's hoping.
Just an FYI from someone who frequents Trump Supporting subreddits to get their take on matters. THEY DO NOT CARE ABOUT THIS! Their spin, over the last month or so, has switched from that this didn't happen to the fact that the president 1) has the right to allocate money to assure it isn't being abused, which includes freezes. 2) That the dead line to give Ukraine the money was Sept 30th (this might not be the right date) and that the money was released about 2-3 weeks before that. And 3) It is fully acceptable to investigate corruption, to which Biden was a part of. Now obviously there are immense things wrong with 1, 2, and 3. But I just wanted to give the 2 cents as to what they believe.
I heard that they were on their way to the daughters baseball game. Is this true? Seems pretty wasteful to use a helicopter as a personal transport in such a routine scenario.
Seems like a waste of human resources in our finite world for a person to be using a helicopter as personal transportation.
And him and his daughter dying sucks. I wish it didn't happen. It's sad and it's depressing. But that aside, the merit of my first post stands. I'm sorry that you are unable to divorce one topic of discussion from another.
I can't wait for the vote to come to acquit but with some key Republican senators voting to remove him and then finding out that a year from now that Trump literally bought their vote.
LOL at the other stooges coming up behind Ted Cruz as he speaks like they are in a gang about to drop a new hot album!
What was the issue with Pelosis pens?
Debbie Lesko is always looking at whomever is speaking like a secretly racist mother who just found out that her white daughter started dating a black guy.
It is so painfully obvious in the way they speak that they tend to not have any witnesses.
Make some of them potions. Let him attempt to put them in his back pack. Let them break in his back pack and be wasted. Let others be crazy potions that combust when exposed to air.
Currently the spin I'm seeing is that Bolton originally claimed that there were WMDs in Iraq and that was obviously wrong. So he obviously can't be trusted.
It's an older meme, Sir, but it checks out.
Two week incubation period.
No one serious really thinks this will be a world ender. But has the potential to cause a huge economic impact.
He is. He's for some form of 'wealth redistribution' to help out impoverished communities which are mostly people of color. He's pro-legalization. Pro-Choice. Pro-universal healthcare. And pro-tuition. He's far more left than people realize. He gets branded nearer center or even far right because he allows people that the left hates to have a platform so they've demonized him. Hope this helps?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGrzofcSm_U
There is a card in the Freilord default deck that does something along the lines of "Fully heal and ally and then double it's health and power" What happens if I use this card on a Champion before he levels up, getting the x2 bonus to HP/Power. Then the champion levels up? Are bonuses lost? Are they applied to the leveled up card? Are the bonuses a flat rate from the previous level added to the new level?
Can you only have 3 cards of a type? I haven't built a deck yet. I'm assuming you can only have 3 in a deck at a time right? When I get 3 of X card do I just stop getting them randomly in packs?
Yeah why is there this "How about we do 1 for 1?" idea going around? Couldn't the R's just say "Fuck you guys we are calling on Biden and none of your witnesses!"
Yes. Ultraviolet light is used to kill bacteria and viruses both in the private sector (water bottle filters for hiking) and in the commercial sector (sterilizing surgical equipment). There is a new tech coming around that is a different strength of the UV light that isn't as harmful to humans but I can't remember what it was.
The numbers, Mason!
My "hope it helps" comment was mostly a skirt around having not actually asked a question in those sentences. Hope this also helps?
There were 25+ republicans running in 2016.
No. They are about 4/5ths of the way through. They are breaking for dinner. They're back at 7:15pm ET
When someone says something bad about you, and you can't deny what they are saying, you have to then turn to the person's character. If you tarnish the person's character, you tarnish their message. If they don't know who the Whistle Blower is, it is difficult to tarnish them - although we've seen it already tried a bit.
To the people who think that a technical crime is required. What do you do if a president decides that after winning the election, being the president just isn't his gig? He leaves the country and just spends his time on the beach in Cancun? He hasn't broken any technical crime.
"Adam Schiff be running his mouth!"
He said that 'if there is one witness, there will be more'. Basically posturing that if the Dems want to call witnesses, the Republicans will call for Biden.
What ever it is, it would be immediately followed by a cease and desist letter.
There is actually a program in Japan that gives hand-jobs to physically handicapped people.
I’ve known a lot of people who work there. Their chowder isn’t even fresh or made in house.
Trump has been impeached already. I know you mean convicted instead of acquitted. I only bring this up because the right is doing their best to make it seem like if he gets acquitted he was never impeached. Don’t let them white wash the mans legacy.
Or Camacho Herbert Mt Dew.
No no no. So long as what he does he believes is good for America. If that means getting re-elected well so be it.
I bet at least one person fled.
And is this tomorrow? Is it a vote for witnesses or a vote for specific witnesses?
&gt; If I skip jury duty cops are coming to pick me up THAT fucking day No they don't. Not that I've never skipped it but let's be honest. Most of the time it gets waived. But a judge will sometimes put out a bench warrant and if you get pulled over they'll arrest you. They won't come knocking on your door.
When I first saw her played I reviewed her level up. Of 4/4 isn't that bad, I can kill her before then. But then she leveled up the audio "I'M ALREADY AT TWO!" played and I oh-no'd.
Nope. Start Game - Forfeit = 100xp. Can do this like 4 times before it drops to 75xp. Then 50xp. Then 25xp. Then 0xp. You can get like 800xp in less than 5 minutes. But wait there's more. You can then do this against AI a second time too.
Santa?
Please tell me more how it’s partisan to have witnesses.
There is nothing stopping them from impeaching him again. Bolton and Parnes can still come in front of the house to testify and he can be impeached again with their testimony.
I think it’s to stop a philibuster and have any person come up as a witness for indefinite amounts of time.
I’m going take your question in good faith even though it can be seen as not so. The house wanted more testimony before presenting the articles to the senate. They didn’t because many witnesses denied subpoenas at the direction of the White House. Those subpoenas are literally in court to be decided if they can be denied or not. So the house is still investigating and gathering evidence. And now there are more witnesses and evidence than they originally knew, Lev Parnes and Bolton for example. The senate may refuse to call them in for questioning but the house still can. I imagine the house will then collect more testimony, and more evidence, and send the articles again since the senate refused to gather this information the first time. The republican voted to take the long way around the barn today.
Not until our Netflix subscriptions go up.
Ok we get it. End of America. Democracy is dead. Gotchya. But what now?
Again I’m not looking for meme answers especially crazy ones.
I actually didn’t need a question mark because what Trump was saying wasn’t a question. He was making a statement that what he originally meant was supposed to be a question. I could have used ‘ ‘ to make the question and then used a question mark though.
It’s supposed to be today since they denied the witnesses. However McConnell May push it until Monday.
I get cleaning mom and pop stores and homes. But if a chase bank gets burned. Fuck them they can deal with it themselves.
Who is the man she’s referring to?
Most are two distinct groups. But some can be both. Some believe looting to be a valid tactic against capitalistic corruption of the police.
Can I get a source on this? Cant find anything regarding this about Lopez.
Take down so that if can be put back up later? Sorry but maybe it should have been destroyed.
The mods need a mega thread mega thread. One thread with links to each one.
So you'd want to stay though. What if, say, your wife, husband, significant other, refused to leave?
Would the 'zombie' bots be working together at all or also be against each other? If working together how much cooperation? Are they giving 'call outs'? letting other zombies know where the players are or are they autonomous from one another?
Worth going there still or will it be winding down?
So if a president cannot be charged with crime while in office except for by congress/senate (impeachment) does that mean the 'someone' you describe would need to be a house member?
The cops are racist because they did the wrong thing by murdering George Floyd. Full stop. You don't need to have the qualifier of "they also fed a prisoner who was white." before it.
The shots hitting the ground were the from the killer. He fired 2 shots. The first shit missed, hitting the ground both in front and behind his target. The second shot is what killed him.
Gives of a Strahd pre-death or his brother vibe.
8 pills of Advil won't last long FYI.
Beyond this, let's imagine that that they did help, and only people with temperatures could infect others. It's Vegas, it's the spring, coming up to the summer. When you walk outside for more than 5 minutes you'll have what looks to be a fever.
People, it's fine. If you get COVID in Vegas, by law, it has to stay there.
Just got back from a peaceful protest. Whole crowd, including all of the police I could see (4 or 5) were kneeling except 1. Who was the one who didn't kneel you might ask? The police chief. The same chief who lost her gun in a restaurant when she accidentally left it in the bathroom. https://fox40.com/news/california-connection/san-luis-obispo-police-chief-loses-weapon-in-restaurant-restroom/
Get into a bar fight after drinking too much, throw a good punch, the guy falls back, hits his head and dies. Life in prison. Cop shoves a guy, he falls back hits his head and dies, a warning in your file.
Someone correct me if I'm wrong but don't investigations like this go through their union... and for this reason something we should be abolishing?
&gt; I dont for one second beleive trump is a christian. Never did. Trump has identified himself as a Christian many times. So do you believe his is a liar then?
And why would this be? For your joke to really make sense it would need to mean that Obama has lead a less virtuous life than Trump. Can you really say that Trump holds what the Bible teaches, regardless of if he’s a practicing Christian or not, closer to his heart than Obama?
is raising your finger to your lips an actual shush or is making the noise the shush? Cause he did one, not the other.
Why are you being mean?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=280yPTyei0U
My town had them kneeling and then a few hours later tear gassing.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eiyfwZVAzGw
I'm in the industry. Most of the time it's the parents who are chipping in a big portion. And the downside to this is that they then step in and make changes that bride/groom don't necessarily want.
I was talking about this with someone the other day how racism in America has evolved and hidden itself from normal every day interactions. It isn't in your face anymore. It's subtle and discrete when it needs to be. Gone are the days where black people walking down the street need to fear themselves being lynched. It just doesn't happen. People don't drive down the street in their truck looking to beat up a black person. There aren't black and white water fountains. There isn't a 'colored' section in restaurants. People might still get called the n-word but not nearly with the severity as it once was. And people are timid to do it because a lot of people will then call them a racist and, say boycott their store. Today, racism is out of sight for many people. Because many people aren't exposed to the problem they believe it doesn't exist. And this has allowed racism to go unchecked in the shadows. Racism today takes the form of not trusting someone who is black. Seeing someone of color and watching them to make sure they're not up to anything nefarious. It's subtle enough that even someone who considered themselves not a racist may find themselves doing it.
“Stop culturally appropriating their struggle!” Is a phrase I expect to hear soon.
Which group is payed to protect us though?
Not a number but this might give a reference to the size: [The red circles are road closures due to the protsts.](https://i.redd.it/a5gq7e7z1c351.png)
Isn't like 100,000 federally insured?
It was more about the oil reserves there.
For context this wasn't part of the current protests. Here is they body cam footage of that incident. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tln5JSTAlns&amp;bpctr=1591511855
&gt;They don't hold each other accountable Not only do they not, they have no protects for when they do. In the case of George Floyd's death, the rookie officer told the cop who had his knee on Mr. Floyd's neck that he should release him. The cop, who was the rookie's superior, said no. The rookie cop suggested this twice, both times, he was turned down. Now the next step he can do is physically remove his boss from doing that, which would certainly have ended his career because like I said, they have no protections for when they have to go against each other.
Don't be so hard on yourself, Andrew.
First 3 wheels missed... meh you know the rest.
From what I've read is that Kenneth Walker shot first. But of course, regardless of who shot first, he was still within his right to defend his home from what he thought was a threat. And also of course from what I've read is probably what the 'other side' is telling the story as. 3 truths to a story.
&gt;Trump made a joke about grabbing someone by the policy and Joe Biden literally did it. Source?
So why do you believe this woman and not any of the accusers of Trump or Kavanaugh?
While these numbers are pretty good for your typical game on Steam, they just aren't high enough to support everything PUBG (and many people on this sub) wants to include in their game.
Pro-Pro-Tip. If you know you have to evacuate your home due to ANY sort of disaster. After you're packed up and ready to leave, go through the entire house with your camera rolling nice and slow. Look at every room, in every drawer, at every book shelve, in every cabinet. All of this is a detailed record of what you lost. After it's all over, when working with insurance companies you can create a master list of EVERY SINGLE item you lost. Most folks right off small things. They figure "Who cares it was a bar of soap and a half bottle of shampoo, I just want to be paid for the house, maybe my TV, and the expensive stuff." when in reality you will collect A TON of money by logging the small stuff. Half a bottle of shampoo can turn into $12 if it was some salon style shampoo. And because insurance companies typically have to give you an equal replacement to the item you lost. If you say "I lost a toaster." well you're getting a $5 toaster. But if you say you got a "Cuisineart, 4-slot, toaster with timer" and then provide a link to said toaster that it costs $59.99 well you're getting $59.99.
Anyone have the Trevor Noah segment she is referring to near the end?
Really? That's a moderately sized statement at best. I await your explanation on how its a big statement.
&gt;Nope. Looting, causing riots, killing people and causing terror is not to be supported. Ever. I remember in grade school when we learned about the Boston Tea Party and pretty much celebrated it as the moment that America stood up for itself
How so?
I'm sorry people are calling you racist. For that I apologize on their behalf. But you've said when 'left with only facts...' and have yet to give any facts as to how they are different, referring to current rioting and the Boston tea party.
&gt;Well, the Boston tea party targeted tea owned by the British, their explicitly stated opponent. It would seem that many of the current rioters explicitly stated opponents are the police. Does this mean burning down a police station is okay?
Biden, my man. I get what you're saying. We all here support you for saying it. But the rights only ammo against you is that you is trying to say that you are a pervert. So I have to suggest not using the word 'daddy' anymore.
And that is the crux as to what 'modern civilization' means in terms of collapsing into something that isn't considered 'modern civilization'. Do we mean that everyone will need to grow their own food to survive? Or do we mean that there is no more internet? Does it mean that we now have to teach our children math because there is no more public schooling system or are just going to be using bikes instead of cars for personal transportation? Are we going to be fighting off other tribes who come to steal our goats or are we just not going to get to have cruise lines anymore?
He also has a letter for letter match for this video on one of his other posts. Bot account in the making? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gmKxkRZzP4
Don't you mean a pecktition?
Not sure if it's everywhere in the U.S. or just California, but here it would be illegal for them to do this.
Illegal to touch seals.
Is dumping fishing line in the sea not illegal?
More like 1% of us until we reach herd immunity. Then its back to climate change disasters for the rest of us.
As the late great K, said. A person is smart. People are dumb.
Fun fact: That was filmed at universal studios Hollywood. Once you see that city scape you start seeing it just about everywhere.
And how does one learn the material?
&gt; I’ve called the unemployment office for my state and they never answer or return phone calls. I'm sure someone already answered this. Unemployment offices are over run! They are super busy at the moment so it's to be expected.
I know next to nothing in coding. I can tell you what Y2K was, what is going to happen in 2038, and what boolean logic is, but that's about it. Where would I go to start?
Would this involve just looking up and seeing the sun at 'high noon' or was there a device that would let sailors know when it was actually at high noon and not a moment before? Like a small box with a pin hole at the top. Depending on where the sun was in the sky it would cast its rays down on a flat plane that could be marked to determine when it was actually high noon?
&gt;He's mask-off radical left. Do you think that you see Biden as you described being 'mask-off radical left' because you are right leaning (presumably)? I consider myself to be to the left. I do not consider myself to be radical left. And yet I see Biden as being further right than me. Our own positions seem to skew where we see the candidates. I would wonder where do you see Trump? I personally see Trump as radical right. Do you see Trump as radical right? And do you consider yourself right or radical right? &gt;Racist What specifically has Biden done for you to think that he is racist? Do you think Trump is racist? Do you give both of these candidates the same level of scrutiny when applying your filter to determine if they are racist?
&gt; But well idiots eat that shit up. Hes also on record of being a racist but well he has a D next to his name, so free pass. Who is giving him this free pass? The citizens? The Media? Other politicians? All of the above? Personally I see Democrats held to a higher standard than Republican politicians. When an suspect photo of a politician is released, democrats tend to want that person removed. When a republican has an affair with a mistress republicans tend to look the other way so long as they continue pushing the republican agenda. I've seen it on this sub-reddit a thousand times before. Trump Supporters saying that "What Trump says and does is cringy and rude, but as long as he keeps pushing the agenda I'm okay with it."
I think he is referring that Trump was joking when he said what he said. Does that help?
&gt; extreme authoritarianism combined with extreme collectivism and worship of the state. Does it need to be the state? Could it be extreme collectivism and worship of an individual?
Alright man... I can get what he is *trying* to say, but boy did he do it wrong.
I'm just some punk on the internet so I don't have any fancy degree in infectious diseases like Dr. House, but wouldn't more polling places decrease transmission?
Give me an example.
You dropped your '/s'
To be fair, any episode with Packer goes off the rails.
The bees don’t appear to be moving. I hope you didn’t kill them.
Was in court for a traffic ticket. Person before me was there for what was I presume was a similar situation. The whole scenario wasn't described but the person ended up getting 2 years probation and iirc 200 hours of community service to be completed before the probation ended. Years/Hours might be wrong but that was the gist of it.
I’m fine with saying fuck it and live within the US. Just out in the country with a dog.
iirc any COVID related bills are covered in CA.
Isn't this the opposite of misogynistic view?
Exactly. I can understand an officer using a choke hold, especially if it's one officer trying to take down one person. But when it's 4 officers taking down a single unarmed individual, it seems strange that you need to use a choke hold for over 8 minutes.
It's been a little over 2 weeks now since George Floyd's death. For the time it takes for the outrage to build into protests, for the time it takes to incubate, the constant, day after day, of contact with protesters. We should see a spike here soon.
What is worse - a communist country or a dictator lead country?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XEai5NnX7I
With out agreeing or disagreeing with you, what is the logic behind: Defunding = less profiling?
Hate to break it you, but the great cumming has already been taken: https://i.redd.it/g5tv0hmj67oz.jpg
It's going to be hard for her when AOC eventually runs for president.
For a lot of us Bill tanked her chances too. I would vote for Hillary over Trump in a heart beat. But I hate the idea of spouses running for office when one has already held that office. It just irks me.
While the quote "A riot is the language of the unheard" was said by MLK it should also be noted too that in that same speech (and pretty much every speech on the subject) MLK was still a strong believer in non-violence being best way to change the nation. And that riots only hurt the cause.
&gt;90% of the costs of the entire system can be attributed to just 5% of the population. This is called Zipfs law and it reaches to just about every single thing in our lives. A cool example of this law is word frequency in a given text. The second most common word in any text is used 1/2 as much as the most common word. The third most common word is used 1/3rd as most the most common word. The fourth most common word is used 1/4th as often as the most common word and so on... It doesn't matter what the is text either. It could be the bible translated from English to German to Latin. It could be Romeo and Juliet written in short hand. It could be this very reddit thread. This law applies to it all. It's not just words though. It's ALL OVER our lives. From how much money a restaurant takes in against its customers, how much a section of a floor gets walked on in a room, to who spends money in hospitals.
I'm not talking about the idea. I'm talking about the actions that those who claim to be antifa are reportedly doing.
Honestly i'm not sure.
Do you find it strange that so many people who were brought in to the white house have left and then released their accounts of what happened while they worked there? These accounts being particularly negative for Trump? It seems that after the fact, anyone who speaks out against Trump, is just a "loser" or a "fool" or "can't be trusted" by Trump Supporters on this thread. So then I would ask - If so many people are losers, fools, and untrustworthy after leaving the white house, why do we trust the white house currently? Shouldn't recent history tell us that the people who work there tend to be losers, fools, and untrustworthy?
Matt "My father owns a dealership!" Gaetz
ELI5: As the weight of the water bottle pulls down on the string it wants to cause the top tooth pick to topple over the edge of the table. As this tooth pick topples over the edge, the third tooth pick (The angled one) pushes the second tooth pick (the horizontal one between the strings) under the table ever so slightly. When the bottom tooth pick is pushed under the table it also pushes the string and water bottle under the table as well. This causes the center of gravity to be under the edge of the table.
This movie, along with an updated Forest Gump, need to re made.
To be fair, we should know by now that most bills are so full of other stuff that you can't blame someone for voting against a bill. Especially when a bill is named something like "AMERICAN FREEDOM BILL" or "ANTI-TERRORISM BILL" you just know it's full of bad stuff with a name to win votes.
It should be safe to assume that any competent dev would be constantly improving their AI.
While the question never presented itself as other than that, it should have been assumed with the current political discourse surrounding the topic.
Had a boss that used to get mad when we showed up early. Yes. That's right. His thought process was "I can't have you clock in early because then I have to pay you, and I can't have you going over X amount of hours. And I can't have you clock out early so I need your shift to be these exact times. And if you come in, and are not clocked in, you'll likely distract others who are already clocked in, and I can't have you just waiting outside because it looks like you're loitering and we can't have that." Was the strangest fucking thing. Worked there 2 months.
Yo, what up, it's ya' boy. I started the endure deck. You're welcome, Chads. But if you be using a spider endure deck, my man, you're doing it wrong!
Netflix fired a PR guy who said the N-word in a board meeting in context like this. Apparently he was talking about how Netflix can't use the word. And said the actual word instead of saying "the N-Word". People complained. He got called into HR. He used the word again there in what I can only assume is similar context. And then he was fired for it.
&gt; Smashed all the standard race stereotypes too What do you mean by this?
FYI you can get around the tribune's paywall by opening in private/incognito mode.
&gt;which I expect Biden to choke. What do you mean by choke? I can see Biden definitely stumbling over words. Struggling to get his point across. And I definitely see Trump just saying things like "Sleepy Joe over here." and "Look... China bad" and not really getting anywhere past a 3rd grade conversation level.
Can you explain the joke?
When the ring is placed into the handkerchief you can see he is positioning it into a specific spot within the handkerchief. He is threading a 'shoe lace' through the ring. The ends of the shoe lace are probably clasped together with two small magnets. When he gives the ring/lace to the participant you can see he really doesn't want her to move it all. He positions her hand, and tells her to keep it there just like it is. When she drops the ring, and he does his flourish, the ring is still in the handkerchief by some method. Magnet, pouch, string, etc. After his flourish he manipulates the handkerchief/ring by folding it and twisting it a few times so that the ring is as close to the floor as it can be while still in the handkerchief. When the camera pans out you can see him do a little bow almost. He bends at the knees and lowers the ring (which is at the spot closest to the floor within the handkerchief) where it is then attracted to another magnet onto his shoe. The next shot clearly shows the ring is now on the shoe. When he climbs the ladder to show the ring on the shoe. Watch how he has the woman 'untie' the ring. He is holding the knot and the string to his shoe, and not letting her really manipulate it, because it would just pop off.
Well good thing I'm far from humorless. Can I expect you to explain the joke?
Exactly. And from a base that wants nothing more than someone who is tough and strong this isn't helping him at all.
Joe Rogan? Nothing. There are allegations of sexual misconduct with Chris D'Elia who is friends with Joe Rogan.
Meh. What goes on between two consenting adults is no business of mine.
Make a new account and post it that way we won't know it's you.
Isn't it kind of strange that the president's helicopter lands in the grass?
When did they say he was amazing?
What is the last ingredient he is sprinkling on? Looks almost like salt but that is a copious amount.
I've been told that most places won't do it on men who haven't had children yet. Anyone confirm or deny this?
It doesn't. :( I want everyone to be happy. Even the evil people in prison who have murdered and abused children. I just don't want them to be doing what they do.
My #1 issue is voter reform. Until money can be out of politics, and stopping businesses from buying politicians, our country will never really be free and our votes don't mean what they should. Does immigration determine my number 1? Or does my number 1 determine immigration?
There really isn't anything wrong with good players playing against bad players. Even in ranked. Good players just need to perform better to increase their rank while bad players don't. Average bronze player has a 0.5kd. If they do better than that each game they go up. Average master has 10.0kd. If they do worse than that they go down. This is simplified but you get the idea. In a perfect world only masters would play with masters and bronze with bronze. And if you do better than half the people in your rank, you'd go up. But we can't do that. So we have to mix and match player ranks and then give them higher bars to clear for their rank.
Whats in room number 3251?
&gt;no amount of money can cover even one life lost needlessly. every life has value and all lives have equal value. Regardless, we still indirectly put a value on human life every single day.. There's snake venom that we don't make anymore simply because the snake bites are so rare and it's not worth spending the money to make the anti-venom just to save a couple people every few years. That is our society indirectly putting a price on a human life. Every society is riddled with examples of this. Both on the personal level to the national level. &gt;What do you say about places like south korea and new zealand, where they did feel the lives of their countrymen were more important than their economy? they seem to be ok, while we are descending in the 9th circle of hell. I wish our society was more like theirs because they value their citizens more than the U.S. does. I'm not sure what exact things that South Korea and New Zealand did differently compared to the U.S. I'm sure there are numerous things. From increasing in testing and travel bands. To acting more quickly and their populations being more behind the idea of a lock down. There are probably hundreds of differences in the responses to COVID. But that just shows my point even more. Their societies have put different values on the lives of their people by saying we are willing to do these things for them. They decided that doing A, B, and C, was worth saving some unknown amount of people. Our society is saying that doing A and C are fine but B is a bit too much. Each society has come to their own conclusion of what their citizens are worth in terms of what they are willing to do to protect them. Please know that I'm fine, and wanting of pulling out all the stops to prevent COVID deaths. Force people to install tracking apps on their phone to better track social spreading. Increase testing by 3,000%. Declare a national emergency and enact the defense production act to create more supplies for hospitals. Do it all - stop COVID in its tracks. Save lives. But I don't get to make the decisions. And neither do you. Our country as a whole, has a way of making the decisions. I think everyone in the U.S. agrees that the way decisions are made can use some work but that's the system we live in. And the decisions are being made in a way that is saying "This is the price we are willing to spend to save human life." and I think we both agree that it isn't enough.
We've been doing this on a personal level as well. We decide that certain things are worth the risk to our own lives. We risk our lives to increase our quality of life. From eating unhealthy, smoking and driving a fast car to not saving money, living in tornado ally, or joining the military. We do things that increase our quality of life but decrease our chances of surviving. So it is no wonder that we as a collective will do it to each other as well.
This is so dumb of her to apologize over this. A politician doing black face is obvious wrong. They are meant to represent people and be PC. But a skit a comedian did a decade ago? We should get over ourselves.
Saw it over on /r/dnd yesterday. Needs more firefinger. Great job :P
He said he was open to the idea of another stimulus check. However Mitch McConnell doesn't want to so in the end it will die in the senate. Now of course Mitch McConnell can be persuaded if it fits in his play book. But to do that he'll need 'bail outs' for bigger corporations too. That is something the democrats will be adamantly against, especially because more and more democrat voters are finding out how much money went to big corporations with the first round of stimulus. But here's the thing. This pandemic is going to get worse and quickly. So many states are refusing to stay closed. Opening up too quickly. People not wearing masks. The numbers are on the wall. I think it was yesterday that said the largest hospital in Texas was at 100% ICU capacity and now Texas is closing a small amount. If it gets worse, fast then we WILL see another large scale closure. If that happens there will be much more pressure on everyone to pass a stimulus check or extend the CARES act or both.
It was obvious he meant that of the people who were getting it, it's good that it's younger people and not the elderly in which it the disease would be more serious.
What do you mean by Mod18 and 19. Are these considered versions of the game with new content coming out each Mod? And does content from previous mod end or stay around in an unused state or anything like that? On the log in it says "Neverwinter Avernus launches in XX:XX:XX:XX". Is Descent into Avernus out yet or no? Does content for the game usually follow pretty well with the content for the table top rpg?
Considering the economic down turn is primarily due to COVID and COVID will be gone, presumably due to a vaccine, regardless of who the next president is, is it fair to say that an economic turn around is what America can look forward to under a second Trump term?
Are you happy with how things are currently regarding the abortion issue? That is Planned parent hood being under the effects of Hyde amendment but still performing abortions just without the government funds?
I bet if they reached out to Ring they could get a free one from this.
What would you like to see change regarding the abortion issue?
I misspoke. An acceptance of a pardon is an admission of guilt. The supreme court decided on this with Burdick versus U.S.
Nixon accepted the pardon and there for indirectly admitted to his crimes. Burdick versus U.S. (1915) established this precedent. Now he could believe that accepting a pardon doesn't admit guilt, and I'm sure that is what he did believe, but he would be incorrect.
Place I worked at had a time clock, punched in, and it would say the exact time you punched in. But it was policy (legal or not I'm not sure) that you were paid for your shift from X to Y. Not sure why we had it though since we were paid by the day and not the time. Clock in at 7:55 and out at 5:03 you'd be paid for 8 to 5. Clock in at 6:51 and out at 4:31 you'd be paid for 8 to 5. I think it was more of just a tracker to see if you were there working that day.
What would be those exceptions?
Even if the person doesn't express their guilt first hand, the simple act of accepting the pardon legally means they are saying they are guilty. Joe was pardoned of contempt of court. No one is going to be indicting him because he can't plead the 5th anymore due to a contempt of court charge. There isnt anything to enforce in that case.
"Our next question is for you Vice President Biden. Why are you a criminal?" "...umm, I'm not." "And to you President Trump, why is Vice President Biden a Criminal, and now a liar?"
Football. Somewhere, randomly chosen, there is a single live landmine on the field.
&gt;So for example, we don't have Baldur's Gate in the game. The entire city is gone or the modules aren't there?
USS Callister was good. But it wasn't godly for me. Although I can see why it would be for many. Personally though, the whole idea of genetic-memories was a bit too far for me.
He accepted a pardon so legally he did.
Yes, as long as the crime has already happened, it doesn't matter if justice has been served yet. The Supreme Court ruled on this in Ex Parte Garland 1866.
Did he accept a pardon?
Did he accept a pardon?
While not air-raid sirens per say, most places in the U.S. have them and test them regularly for natural disasters.
&gt;including ability to hold drivers license. I understand the sentiment of "fuck illegals, they can't do shit while there here let's make it difficult as fuck for them!" But you know this is a source of income for the states right?
There is also a pirate themed version.
That retirement home is America's largest retirement community. And it advertises itself as the worlds friendliest home town.
Fun fact, over on /r/conservative the mods are actively deleting ANY news about this.
&gt; So the market decides that the risk to human life is an acceptable one? Yes. Collectively, society and the market together *always* decides the price of a human life by allowing certain risks.
&gt;Society has chosen nothing, because they don't generally know the risks. Perhaps. But if we take anyone off the street and said, "If we as a society made all speed limits 10 miles an hour, we would save tens of thousands of lives every year, one of which could be you." I'd imagine people would still take the riskier (faster) choice. Society (and the market) collectively assigns risk to everything if its worth money or quality of life/product.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55idbDawU4s
And why is it that none of this matters?
And his press secretary said this morning that "there is no consensus in the intelligence community and that dissenting opinions exist." So it sounds like this *could* be true. Right?
This isn't black face. There would be no difference between this and if he had worn green face paint to portray an orc.
Netflix fired someone who said the N-Word in a writers room about a meeting on what words they could and couldn't say in an episode. Like it's beyond idiocy. No word, in and of itself, has any meaning. It's the intent behind a word that has the meaning.
Yes and No. A president can pardon any federal crimes. He cannot pardon state crimes. As for federal crimes, it does not matter if the person has been convicted, indicted, investigated, or if the law is even aware of a crime to have been committed. A pardon can wipe all of that clean. The only thing that matters is that a crime was committed. A pardon cannot get you off the hook for crimes you haven't committed yet.
&gt;Yet they say races like Orcs and Dark Elves permeate stereotypes of Black people Source on this? I've been playing DnD for awhile. I believe that the moves that Wizard's of the Coast are making is more about expanding on lore and re-imaging the alignment chart than it is about trying to be woke. As the lore is being updated and fleshed out they are re-imagining cultures within the DnD Lore (They use Drow and Orcs as examples) that were originally only imagined as being evil creatures. But it goes beyond just lore down to an original vestige of the mechanics of the game... the alignment chart. With years of DnD behind us, any DM or player can ask themselves, what is the use of the alignment chart really? Like it's there, but no one really uses much. Once or twice during character creation but for the most part it's an abandoned mechanic the moment the adventure begins. No one likes their character being stuck to an alignment track. They just play their character as they think their character would be, which is often times just an extension of themselves. They aren't trying to play their character to what the chart says. They play their character and see where they fall on the chart. The most notable DnD Character around, Drizzt, is a good aligned Drow that defies the original stereotype of Drow being only evil creatures. Players have been making Good aligned orcs for years. Critical Role is playing with a good aligned goblin. Drow, Orcs, and Goblins are all typically evil creatures. But the rules have no problem with them being played as non-evil characters. So I see this as WotC just signaling that they are now going to start making the races more complex with culture that isn't stuck on the alignment chart track, something we (and WotC) do for players already.
iirc there was talk about adding more justices to the supreme court. Not sure the hoops needed to get that done.
Did the money that Reddit raised to fund Susan Collins future opponent ever make it to her?
I mean months ago, before Collins had an opponent and Sarah Gideon was running, everyone was so mad at Collins about her vote to confirm kavanaugh that a fund raising campaign was formed for Collins opponent, and this was before we knew who that was going to be. I'm just wondering what ever happened to that money and if it got to Sara Gideon.
The joke is the confusion of perspectives between what some perceive to be black face and others perceive to be a costume.
Darth Vader did a pretty good black face too.
&gt; A man's home is his castle! (Unless the police knock) To be fair. The majority of Trump Supporters that I've interacted with absolutely hate no knock warrants.
Can he do that? Isn't he a private citizen right now?
