ok but for what price? There is no way, no way PSG solds him for less then they bought him, and i'd say at least 50mil+ more. Now i know Perez can be crazy, and there is probably a lot of buildup money at Real because they haven't really splashed out a lot of cash since James Rodriguez, but still, they can't compete with literally a country
what? messi's pace and change of pace and direction is absolutely what makes him a great dribble
on what exactly do you asses that? most of his chances created for others come from playing one-twos. You don't see him pinging through balls like Scholes or Xavi did back in the day
well yea but it is insignificantly higher than Vagner's or Nero's
deal with evra about what? and how saying he kicked him because of being black makes it better? Lmao, stop sucking Suarez's dick
only really heard of him watching Pawn Stars lol and then on reddit.
your mom
not really our problem though is it? In about 60-70 hours of gameplay you can have a CEO office, a vehicle warehouse a supercar and maybe even a Buzzard just by doing VIP Work in a solo lobby. Then it's a breeze. Or you know, there are 10000000x of glitches out there if you really can't deal with the grind
if you actually believe this then you're sadly retarded
so people just want words, even if the game would be worse? i really don't understand you. you want a worse game, but the producer to dicksuck you with words, rather than a good game?
the patches you mentioned in LoL or HotS are often smaller than the letter patches in Dota. you're just bullshitting to keep your narrative alive.
so what would be the logic behind including chinese numbers in 1 stat but not including them in the other 2, which are also arguably more relevant
do you seriously think it was without reason? If so many people wanted and actually used guilds then they would've brought it long ago. fact of the matter is nobody talked about guilds apart from reddit and even less people actually did anything remotely interesting in a guild
for totally different reasons. League's success had nothing to do with the quality of the actual game, which only started to increase 1.5 years ago
Dota isn't a good game right now? If you are going to claim it was better in fucking 2011 then you should honestly just shut up
It means that the electromagnetic forces that keep a multitude of particles together in order to form said ruler are stronger than the expansion of the universe. So said ruler stays the same length and width even though space around it is expanding
Late to the party. All roads lead to Rome as they said. Spacetime is bent so much you can't head for anything else other than the singularity
you still don't understand. yes every big team does this but no other league is so affected as yours. If real or a PL team gets goretzka Schalke becomes weaker, you stay the same. If he goes to you, you also get stronger. It's a greater disparity. Not only that, but Pl has 6 clubs all capable of contesting transfers. In germany there is only bayern. In Spain there is Barca, Real and now Atletico or Valencia, Sevilla, Deportivo etc. in the past
except it literally is. bayern historically has always weakened challengers in their league due to financial superiority. the most recent example being Dortmund. you took 3 key players, look where they are now. And ironically, i'd say you have declined too since then
you doubt based on what? a fully tuned entity has a higher top speed than all of those cars stock according to the game files.
no, or at least we can't know since level =/= skill level. he did have the best car however
i'd say the porto treble was more impressive even though he was likely a better manager in 2010
as you can see here, none of the other guys are over lvl 100. most of them are under 90. So none of them had the turbo upgrade. Or brakes upgrade. Or Engine 4 upgrade. So yes, fully upgraded entity was the best car
You can compare to them though, at least when talking about how you perform in bed
i mean then it just becomes a game of "i am right and you are wrong", not a meaningful discussion certainly
it just doesn't make sense, that's what he is saying. If he were to be God, he wouldn't make it hard for his people to follow him. because right now, as things are, as you said, due to God's existence, 70% of the world population can't become a Christian mostly because they aren't born into a Christian area
atheism is not a religion, nor a belief, it's the absence of belief. I'm not atheist because i don't believe in a God, i am an atheist because I don't think any meaningful evidence for the existence of one has been provided yet, therefore, i do not believe in any God at the moment nor I practice any religion so I'm an atheist
all particles/objects, no matter how small they are or what they're made of, have gravity
what are niko's settings
Ad hominem.
None of those players mean as much as Ronaldo does to Portugal. Also, those countries usually always have very important players. If ronaldo is still playing 8 years from now I'm sure they'd find a place for him somewhere on the bench
uhh... most likely the very top atheletes are all doping already. how do you think they're able to play at such a high level for so many years. and yea yea, they don't get caught, but neither was Armstrong.
biting some of your alikes
Oh common, the integrity of the esports scene absolutely affects the game, its image and its sells. Valve has to be the higher authority
what?
Your point is wrong. Just because you can farm well in a free farm lane that doesn't mean you're a good carry.
yeah man he is a jiu jitsu master
how did Zidane resign then? or mourinho back in the day?
perez literally founded out on the day before. I highly doubt anyone knew Zidane was going away
Salah didn't break his right arm tho, which is the one Ramos fell on. It was a freak accident, but i highly doubt Ramos, who is known for being a dirty player, tried to injure Salah, in such a weird way(his collarbone/ shoulder)
yeah nice logic. well, guess you should call me a german now even though i have 0 connection with it and just because i feel like so
to me it's exactly the same issue as with transgender people. Sure you can call yourself a female, but biologically if you have a dick you are a male. I am not obligated to entertain your self made identity
no, he is where he is because he hasn't been a tier 1 mid player since ti3
maybe in terms of current form yeah
that was my point. I don't think you're an ass for not agreeing with someone. I don't entertain people believeing the earth is flat. It's an objective falsity. That's not being an ass
how am i an ass? I don't go to transgender woman and pointing at their dicks or something. But for example, If i had a shopping mall or something, i wouldn't let them join the female bathrooms
there is also no dribbling or passing or vision
u can actually smoke coke tho
we saw the peak of his career, he for sure had more in him considering he was only 20 at the time. Most atheletes peak at like 25-29 years old. That said, both Messi(2009-2012) and CR7(2011-2013) had higher peaks than R9
Loda was also one of the best mids and later carries at some point so what the fuck is your point?
how is Messi a freak athelete? He literally had growth issues. Maradona was a midget as well
yes, running around in circles is a habit of low mmr players, especially supports. They are aware that just sitting in the lane doing nothing is not good, but they don't actually know what they're supposed to do so they waste a lot of time
show me evidence of it being confirmed by Valve. I have anedoctal evidence that it is not true, on multiple accounts, all at varied behaviour scores.
well do it if it's so ez.
it's a league cup, and it's a tournament. A less prestigious FA Cup/Copa del Rey if you want
They also never spoke in person lol, so there is that
Well it clearlt didn't work since he "rolled" salah right hand and Salah injured his left shoulder.
Of course, innocent until proven guilty. Also if you give the yellow for the elbow then you also give penalty to Real. And as you said, Karius asked for a fault, not for being checked. If he wanted to be checked, the medical team would've already been there
How can it be intentional? It's not like he was staying in front of Karius pushing him back. He was contesting with VVD. If he doesn't get pushed there nothing happens. Or are you gonna tell me that in the split second he was falling he took the decision to hit Karius and acted on it? Do you seriously have an argument that this was the thing crossing his mind as he's fal
What a fucked up mentality
Ramos fell on his right hand
james hunt had a high peak? he barely won a championship when lauda missed 4 races or so
buffon has no place in top 5
he had great consistency but he was never top 1 even during his career IMO. He always had someone better than him
&gt;His history of actions and the video evidence are all the proof I need. that's a mentality i hope no convict of any crime has to go against. Innocent until proven guilty
i mean yeah but it's not the first time it happens. The game vs spurs this year comes to mind. Just outrageous and delusional liverpool fans even though the case in that game was pretty clear
because you're trying to take the moral highground like "oh, even though i hate these guys, they are in the right". You either lowkey supported Liverpool in the final or are just pandering for karma. Don't know which is sadder.
Faults are *part of the rules*
he's a massive cunt but this game isn't the reason why. Maybe just the dive with Mane. It isn't even a dive though, just exageration
man united supporter rooting for Liverpool. Amazing
bullshit. Burning himself called him the best carry player ever during 2015 Secret era
boston and shanghai major he had better performances
the people didn't join anything
because romania has 0 regulations on the issue.
the US recognizes it since 2015
and everybody knows the best anti-riot method is mowing them down right?
this is very much not a religious war at this point.
classic. everyone who critisizes israel for murdering civilians is a nazi right?
generally, people support those who are in the right
mostly because Israel retaliates 10x as hard
no, Israel is just a country who thinks it's a developed one, when it's really just the same shithole as most of the middle east.
i mean, it makes sense coming from a Barcelona fan. Like that one time when your police disfigured Chelsea women and children because maybe some drunk hooligans shoved them
&gt;10x as hard based on what? Don't come with casualties because Israel actually tries to minimize those + has lots of safety measures. like the safety measure where they shot 121 palestinians civilians, shoot one canadian doctor and one american nurse? Nice safety measures
please point out exactly where any of this discussion has lead to that point. Stop projecting mate
that game wasn't dota gameplay lol
i mean, just take out the badge, you basically fell from 4.4k to 3.8k OFC you gonna lose your ancient
i mean no, you're the same MMR/rank as them. Just that at some point you were higher
well, they're fixing it now
man, a 4k should carry a 2.5k game with like deso witch doctor or something, seriously
lmao. after messi you're back to being in our shadow. oh wait,. you still are
&gt;Dota's a team game and MMR only works because of large sample sizes eliminating outside interference (like intentional feeders, tilted teammates, smurfs, boosters, boosted accounts, etc.). then you'll be back to your mmr in no time. this is a non-issue
what a load of bullshit. &gt;What valve doesnt seem to understand is the initial re-calibration point (mmr after the first calibration match) is not correct, its just a guess with great amount of error. The initial point is your previous mmr. the first mmr calibration game is the same level as your last before the reset. ANd unless you haven't played rank in the last 1 year, it is very accurate. what you are suggesting it's such a bad idea i can't conceive. You're saying that in just 10 games they could assess your performance? common man. maybe if we played 100 random games
I''d say abyssal is always needed. i can't think of a scenario you don;t get abyssal
What you're saying makes sense if there weren't boosters with 90%+ winrate. You're just searching excuses
You're lying
100 is really basic, no excuse to not get that in a free lobby.
?? ronaldinho doesn't compare to ronaldo
how do you lose all lane with drow aura and clinkz?
it is but it's now disjointable.
by disjointing them
literally no one ever opened the subject
almost? isn't it impossible? i mean, f1 engines are top of the line and they barely come close to 50%?
so why don't other strikers pad their stats if it would be so easy?
we have no evidence for this lol
slark is very good against her at pretty much every stage of the game
because if blink doesn't immediately pay off with a bunch of duel damage your hero becomes nothing more than having a strong dispel in your W. Armlet allows you to farm and remain relevant. On offlane legion tho, blink first is prob ideal
sadly? lol
lol, of course he will never be. He is miles ahead of them
not really lol, you're just criticising ronaldo after an amazing performance for no reason. And i wouldn't say he failed at the last 3 world cups, portugal just weren't a very good team. If you want to be pedantic, messi didn't achieve much either. Sure, Argentina got to the finals in 2014, but they pretty much 1-0'ed every game and it was more due to the defense rather than messi
f1 is the only sport where i've seen people thinking performance fluctuation doesn't exist. In every other sport fans understand that you can have a bad year, or exceptional years. just look at tennis. 2 former legends, after quite a few years of not being at the absolute top are dominating again
it doesn't matter that AM isn't in the best position right now, the matchup against those 2 carries is just too good. Slark can come online at like 12 minutes when most AM are still 2-3 minutes away from a bfury, but he doesn't do shit to you and he can't stop the splitpush. If you can't hinder an AM from splitpushing you're more or less going to lose one way or another. and AM absolutely beats both slark and PL in a late game scenario. I'd say both are better lategame generally than AM, but that certain matchup is very much AM favoured Same for PL, who also farms much slower than slark seriously, slark/pl is probably the worst carry to pick against AM
completely incorrect
bloodseeker also isn't a good pusher and can't deal with splitpush like at all.
the arcane rune, it reduces cooldown.
because they're japanese. Not saying that they didn't mess up, but they messed up because they had to comply to mclaren's unrealistic expectations(remember how they were rushed in bringing a new engine twice?). And them being japanese and just how their society works they couldn't say no. AS other people said, it was a clash of cultures and mentalities.
How was it not? Explain to me. You scored 1 goal per match. You played exactly like Van gaal's united, with better players. Very boring.
Speed, strength, jumping reach, explosiveness, endurance etc.
What about the free game they made that you spent ypur time on?
So the only reason you played the game was to make a profit? Jesus.
what are you trying to say? playing dota 2 is not gambling. And if you do play dota 2 just to gamble i hope you never touch the game again
well not our fault, since not even the FIFA ruling book doesn't grasp this concent. Contact was made, not a dive, even if the player acts like he's been nuked
oh cmon
lmao
iran is just the name of the country that used to be Persia(more or less, in terms of territory). He's saying that persians are iranian too, since they live there. All persians are iranians(well not all obviously, but most), but not all iranians are persians
?
what do you mean slows you down? If anything bloodstone is a farming item.
do you also prefer it on Armlet lifestealer or go for the traditional phase?
isn't the whole point of a meepo announcer pack that meepo(the voice actor) will voice it?
cristiano is miles ahead of maradona and pele
tbh that man of the tournament was stupid. Kroos should've gotten it, Neuer, muller even.
except messi didn't carry Argentina. If anything, argentina's defence did
&gt;it's not worth the risk this is bullshit. yea of course there are risks, but saying it's simply not worth it to wear a bycicle is stupid. Even then, most accidents are due to the rider's error. People just say otherwise in order to scare little kids of owning a bike
we all know bikes are dangerous, but the guy said that bikers killed at the red light are more often than pedestrians being killed at the redlight
he's got a lot critique with real? THe only time i rememger our fans giving him flak(on the internet) was at the Juventus second leg in Madrid
That would mean all goat contenders would be good tacticians. And so far only Cruyff proved himself that. Maradona quite the opposite.
Their problem is being overrun in the middle who then can't protect their defence. Messi has no defensive qualities and is very lazy/likes to walk. I think putting messi in a midfield role is the last thing you wanna do. They need some legs there.
Learn creep aggro
Tell that to Alonso
i mean yeah, but Pirlo has workrate and more importantly, he can defend. At most i see MEssi playing something similar to Iniesta
how is that a red? Does he actually hit him in the facE?
did he? looks like the chest? maybe i didn't watch a good angle?
again, i'm biased, but that to me just seems like him trying to get in front of him. Never a red
i guess we'll actually wait and see
&gt;Also, anyone care to explain how my post deserves downvotes? I am very much on-topic, I am providing facts. Just because you don't want Hamilton to be faster doesn't mean you should downvote me... If Vettel's lap was perfect/good, and Hamilton's was scruffy but still only 0.02 behind him then it means hamilton just has the faster car, doesn't it? TO me it seems like you're disagreeing yourself here
mane nowadays starts way lower up the pitch then he used to, Klopp definetely asked him to contribute more to the defensive phase. Also, i wouldn't say you don't have problems against big teams, multiple teams put goals past you, just happened to outscore most of them
cause he can defend, while dybala doesn't at all. At the same time, Argentina needed to score. Yeah, dybala should've gone in
when and where? ALso bring some statistics. what is considered a neutral?
you said 99% of neutrals think messi is better. bring out the data analysis.
and we know that reddit is very rational and right most of the time, right? Like common, most people on here hate on Ronaldo because of how he looks. And while this sounds ridiculous, I never see anyone criticise a player for taking his shirt off during a celebration, while ROnaldo is an absolute monster who kills whales for his pleasure when he does it. My point being that reddit means jackshit and even then, look at this: https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/8op306/the_all_time_top_10_of_everything_as_voted_by/ Ronaldo and Messi are much closer than you claimed
it would be way too hot during the summer
it’s impossible because or their DLC policy. They can’t update stupid and old mechanics because of old DLCs
not really I mean, it does work, it's just not optimal
I mean, for the purpose of body building or strength training, yes, taking steroids is a good idea
what problems did you have with erection and how did you solve them?
so because they fixed something that was broken in the first place and still kinda is we should suck their dick from now on?
what? ottomans are a joke in the game
well i assume you could just slowly descend on to the ground
your whole argument about it being a politic/governmental issue breaks down when you realize the soviets admitted the USA gor to the moon. Why would they lie in the middle of the Cold Ear, for their enemies
what s it called?
it’s just a anti consumer practice. thats all
that is never coming back in a competitive game. Maybe only if you can morph just into your opponent
well at least between Outworld and Earth there are no tournaments anymore, for now.
not sure if it was completely avoided but surely postponed. Shao Kahn is dead and so are a lot or the combatants from the old timeline so no more Armaggedon, for now
because if are able to safely block enemy jungle camps, you’re better off just farming them yourself
didn’t they used to do that? Than they switched to sacking Sumail and giving him heroes like Viper and shit and then they started sacking s4 IMI Rtz is still their best esp most consistent player, i don’t think they should make his games hard.
they are better lol.
attack speed = stats on Slark. so pretty much always take it. Lifestea is also not needed
its because of your party mmr which pretty much bumps your medal even if it is lower than your solo mmr. It’s weird
you’re not really a non factor tho. A good AM game means they have nothing to stop you from splitpushing and cutting waves, so you basically gimp the enemy team and don’t let them make plays around the map A safe AM makes his team safe too
well then you don’t understand what utilizing space means. show me a game of a 1.5k anti mage who is able to consistently get ~900 gpm in a good game. Don’t kid yourself, 2k and 3k players have no idea how to farm properly, you just don’t see it because you don’t know either
I need help guys, i’ve been dropping mmr massively lately, about 500mmr from 4.4k to 3.9k. I feel like am still mechanically the same I’ve ever been but i just seem to take the wrong decisions that usually turn to a loss. For example this game, i felt i did okay, i didn’t really die the entire game but at the same time i felt i also didn’t do shit. I couldn’t do damage in fights and i believe i should’ve splitpushed and push waves more
It’s strictly based on your afirmation that 1.5k players know how to farm. If that was the case they simply wouldn’t be 1.5k mmr. From that i deduce that you don’t actually know what utilizing space means. Watch a pro player, then watch a 6-7k mmr plyer then a 4k and then a 2k mmr player You’ll see clear differences between the brackets and how much of a discrepancy there is between brackets. 2k-3k players simply do not understand how to farm effieciently and can’t snowball near as well as a 6k player which is also miles away from players like rtz, nisha, ramzes etc
slark has 53% winrate against terrorblade and 1% advantge. It’s not a counter but it’s not bad either. I think /u/d2cookie is right, i should’ve farmed more instead of trying to find skirmishes
if you skimmed the replay, would you say my walking around was based on trying to find skirmishes or just a fundamental farming patterns issue?
do you have a timestamp? I m gonna watch the replay when i get home and compare it to a high mmr player bit just asking if you had anything specific in mind
cookie can you link your dotabuff, wanna watch your jugger a little bit. Preferably some recent games if you have
ok. Let me rephrase then. Do you think, that you would be able to do the same thing you did here in a 6k mmr game?
so you would say that you would utilise the space just as effective and wouldn’t die in a 6k game just like you did in a 3k game? Would you also say that you are able to utilise space just as good as a 6k player and wouldn’t get outfarmed by the enemy carry 6k player?
and this is why guys you nofap. You unlock celestial powers
no. It’s a big part of the hero
bf into deso is the pa meta dude
yes
lol. 2k mmr are pussies compared to 6k mmr. Not even close in terms of aggression
dont get nakes bfury and don’t get bots. Power treads are infintely more valuable. The build is Wraith Band, Power Treads, Bfury, Manta then whatever(bfly, skadi, basher etc
except its not true at all. This is a stipid idea that was valid maybe 5 years ago. Valve absolutely balances the game around low level pubs too, see Slark’s and Storm’s case for the majority of their existence
well your claim is wrong. They even changed the wording in the changelog. It was intended
because if you don’t snowball with deso you will off. It’s too risky. Every high mmr carry goes bfury into deso. It’s just the overall better build
now that youre saying it... maybe w33 is the replacement? They prob want another player that can carry games so they’re a bit more unpredictable?
it still doesn’t appear on dotabuff nor in game
nope still not up. The game just didn’t count. Probably someone on the other team ddosed the server or something
because we don’t live in 2016
yeap really feels sad. because after that i got some interenet connection problems and i abandoned the game. SO -25, when it really should've been +25. feelsbadman. I wa s tilted as fuck especially after trying so hard to win a 4vs5 game
too greedy
so then what was different with the EE case
and how is the context favourable for liquid
how the fuck does it matter if TL is better than beastcoast? How is that relevant? the whole point is the fact that Matu is fucked
then why the double standard? Reddit zploded when team team kicked Gunnar
it’s also like 10k for 3 days of work. It’s not bad when you think like that. Obvs they don t make that money every 3 days but still
as a viewer, it's horrible watching a stream without the minimap
what?
misusage of spells. mistiming. no objective in mind(ultimately, getting a kill should allow you to do something: secure an area, push a lane/tower, get a tower/Rosh etc). Position on the map is also very important, compare 4k players to rtz for example who i think its the best at this. He always finds farm around his team, meaning he is always ready to fight. TBH tho rotations are the last think imo that you learn in Dota, and i m pretty sure not even pros are 100% sure on this. We could talk rotations in pro games for aj eternity
i don’t know guys where you find these unrankes games. Most of them i just get no supports teams or smth like that, because people just dont try hard enough. 4k bracket as well.
because at 7k mmr ranked he probably gets like 4-5k unranked games, si its basically the same. At least smurfinf in round means that your team and enemies are trying to win
which includes turbo games, ability draft and other game modes and low prio?
no you wouldn’t. Ehat the fuck? you don’t forget to play dota cause you smurf? Otherwise account boosters wouldn’t exist
lmao, a 7k mmr doesn’t get unranked games with guys along his mmr, certainly not in NA. Best case scenario you get in a 5k average game, so the quality is pretty mucb identical to smurfing ranked gsmes, but at least in ranked people actually try to win
you realize that you have to start somewhere? Current mmr cap is 3.5k after caibration. Ramzes and nisha both had at some point like 3 accounts for example in the top 10 leaderboards. Now tell me how dis they get there? yeah, they had to go from 3.5k. Bsj is playing 25 games each of TA, ember and storm. So that is 75 games. He will prob have like 80% winrate because he hasn’t played the heroes much or whatever, but maybe even more. So he will soon be in like 6k
lmao. you prob get a real smurf every 30-50 games in 4k. Prob even lower in worse brackets
unranked as a 7k player is either 4k average game(so the same as smurfing, but at least people actually try in ranked) or 5 man immortal stack= pubstomp
because he sucks at it and wants to learn. He will play 25 games of each of ember, TA and storm
wrong. You cannot calibrate higher than 3.5k since like 2 years ago
when you're 9k as arteezy in a region where the next player is like 7.5k, yes, you have to
show the dotabuff id's
lmao what? Prof football doesn't have matchmaking, where the better you are means you will have worse teammates and overall lower game quality. Also football is much more taxing on the body so i'm not even sure what that your argument is. Not to mention that they only play in the leagues they play because of money. Your comparison makes 0 sense dude. Even then, i assure you Messi or Ronaldo or whatever still go from time to time to play a pickup game in a park with some friends or somth you know?
have an ssd as well.
his father is syrian since the joke. But yes, born and raised in romania
i mean ok, but then you have meepo which is like probably the best smurf hero there is. Also, maybe the smurf guy is really fucking high, like 7-8k russian booster or smth
what? Dupporting in Lol is literaaly being a babysitter, you have no TP, little scaling etc, no way to react, you can’t roam, ypu’re just a sitting duck behind your ADC. There is no support in LoL that compares in term of impact to a Enigma, Earthshaker, Earth Spirit, Lion, SS etc
no. Because mmr measures your ability to win solo MM games. It works perfectly in that regard
the thing is: a random team of random Immortal players will 99% of the time beat a Legend stack, no mattwr how much the legend players have played toghether
what do you mean? we know
if he plays witha nother team, which he does, there is absolutey no way he is getting any money from TL
dude. He already broke his contract in order to play for chaos. You can’t leave your job, be hired somewhere else, and then come just a bit later and say hey guys pay me even for the remainder of my previous contract. Matumabaman will see no money from Liquid the moment he decided to join another org
he wans’t fired. He was benched, but the contract remained. He would’ve gotten paid his salary for the remainder of his contract)probably just after TI) and a share of TI winnings. IF he stayed within the organisation. But since he didn’t, he won’t get a dime from Liquid. I don’t know what you don’t understand It as if Ronaldo would get benched by Juventus(due to age lets say), but then he woupd go to play for Roma to try to qualify for Champions League. He fails. Do you think, he can comeback and tell juventus to pay him the champions league money?
? Because he wants to play in TI? And because he thinks he could get more money by playing TI himself? Also i don’t understandhow my argumentation doesn’t work? The liquid statement says he was still under contract but “open to new opportunities”
on its own. If you calibrate your solo it will bump it up to divine
He joined chaos. He is not part of liquid anymore
meepo Although huskar is a bit better than he usef to be against meepo with inner fire
mek/greaves is not really a support item
ok, but badman is not 6k or even 7k mmr. Thats his point. A 6k player will never be able to spam a hero to 8k, the skill difference is just too big.
we’re talking about today
i’m not sure what this is supposed to mean? It’s like saying Lebron is a shit basketball player because Lakers failed to make the playoffs
dont compare EU to NA. Pretty sure rank 200 on EU is almost 8k mmr, check Gorgc stream
lol. Ceb is a better offlaner than s4, and jerax and notail are on par with crit and fly. Maybe Sumail is better than topson, but their role and playstylr are so different i wouldn’t even put money on that My point is RTZ has been better than Ana the last months after Ana return. Hell, EG finsihed 3rd at the major and 2nd at birmingham
those are cosmetics. First make a functional, well balanced game, than worry about minor stuff
uhm yes. CCnC is a good mid player dude
i got this like 2 weeks ago. Had an abandon in my team, managed to come back 4vs5 after an hour long game against a techies. As the ancient is about to explode, the server crashes and the game dissapears from the face of the earth
/u/jeffhill
they 2-0d psg
thats not what stalking means lol, the victim doesn’t have to be injured in order to be considered stalking. I bet you stalk pretty girls way out of your league on social media too. Just leave
lol literally all of the top teams have these kind of players. Secret with Nisha,MidOne,Zai,Yapzor. EG with rtz, sumail, cr1t. VP with noone and ramzes. OG with ana, Topson and jerax. It’s def not only liquid and lgd
not really. The most fanboyed team sure, but anyone who actually was aware of the scene considered LGD to be very strong
yes. And mexico is his country
When the prem was callled Barclays Premier League i heard a lot of people reffering to it as BPL
Basically i have a front 4 of Mbappe, Dembele, Neymar ans Ben yedder. Eventually i want to get messi, and a better striker(than Ben Yedder 85) and Del Piero would be that guy. i was just debating wether he is that much of an upgrade compared to Ben yedder IF in game since Del P has really poor balance. Obvs i could just get Essien and prob the best pick but he doesn’t tell me anything. Just seems a boring pick. Thats why i was debating going for the mid icon pack. I don’t know wether Del P is actually going to be an improvement. I wish i could try him out before using the tokens
what? The Ibra season we won the EL and finished 7th. In Mou’s second season he bought Lukaku and finished 2nd. It was the third season where Woodward didn’t do shit in the summer and his relationship with Jose fell off and then Mou lost the locker
Klopp was doing better tho. And was a proven winner
i mean mou also got 2nd, and van gaal 4th(or 3rd ?). Why use their worst placements
i would gladly be the new pool lol
in our league or? I mean a lot of clubs went through periods like this. Real, Barca, Juve in recent memory, Spurs, Chelsea right now, Man United during 04-06, etc. Pretty much any top club in the top 5 leagues
you’re talking shite right now, football during Mou’s second season was miles better, remember all the 4-0, 4-1’s. And you’re betting that Man utd, with 8 wins in 20 games in the league and playing fucking Europa league beats Real Madrid? Have u seen El Clasico? They’re on another level compared to us fam
I’m not sure you know how burden of proof works
even then VVD has had 2 years at the top. Not comparable for now
mate, I currently have ben Yedder If as my ST. My other attackers are Neymar, Mbappe and Messi. Should i replace Ben yedder 85 with Mid De Piero from swaps? He seems an upgrade, but the 73 balance scares me. Or should i just get the mid icon pack?
if you tell this to Pogba today he’ll go right on and cry about it on Tik Tok or something
Thomas Partey has a 45 million clause. Bruno Fernandes would go for a similar amount. These 2 would literally walk into the team and instantly be the best players. Zyiech too, but I’m not sure he would want to join. He’s not a wage hunter, wants glory, so he might stay at Ajax unless a spanish giant comes knocking. They are also safe options. Milinkovic-Savic, though he’s been questionable this year. Olmo has been great and shouldn’t be hard to get
wtf is this obsession with age. He is 29, not 35. And sports and technology advanced. I have a feeling all these mbappes of the world scared fans of late 20’s players? Like the late 20’s is considered to be the peak for most athletes
thats a lie. SAF came in like a totalitarian from the get go
so basically you like being lied to. Ok. You can hire anyone to speak about youth and the future really. Mind if I ask... when is that future?
I'm debating whether if I should get him for my team... He would be the ben yedder upgrade, but with that balance i'm scared he might not feel as good as Ben yedder in game. My other options are Essien, which is probably the smartest one, but is boring as fuck :)) And Mid icon pack + Van Der Sar, but i know it's probably not worth it and i might get shafted
i guess I’ll take him then. Prob put an engine on him. The icon pack also tempts me heavily
I think i’ll just go for VDS + Mid icon pack. Essien says nothing to me, he’s hella good but also hella boring. Might as well risk it for the biscuit
klopp’s liverpool will likely be more remembered than Pep’s Man City 30 years from now because they also did it in Europe.
why’d you think so? I don’t even think guardiola will be there anymore
the best at what? You can’t actually believe that. Liverpool would’ve eaten you alive. Ajax might’ve too.
lmao. Ironically, i guess its because they started winning exactly when the emoji generation(2000-2001) started to watch football, or at least most people’s earliest memories of european football are either Man United winning the CL or Barca under Pep. So their fanbase just kinda blew up around the world with all these kids watching them. Kind of like how Man United got lucky that their dominance started exactly when the EPL was becoming a global phenomenon
They are popular because they started winning exactly when the “instagram” or “snapchat” or “tik tok” generation or w/e you wanna call them started watching football. Most people born in the early 2000’s remember either the ManU-Chelsea final or the ManU-Barca. Also having Messi obvs helped
No. But he was pointing out the fallacy.
Copa dep reys, supercups, european supercups, club worlds cup etc. There is no argument for Barca as a top 2 club in history. Top 2 imo is Real, AC Milan. Then I believe number 3 is arguable and many teams have valid arguments but lets say it is Barca.
what the fuck does cup winners cup matter? It’s a glorified supercup. IMO for best clubs in history you have to be dominant both in Europe and in your own country among different eras. The only teams that classify for that top 2 are Real and AC Milan. Barca had no european history before Cruyff. They are at most nr 3 on the list
AC Milan has more CLs, comparable domestic success but played in a far more competitive league for far longer. Yes I know the spanish league has been the best for the last 10 years or so, but the 50 before it was mostly a 2 horse race, with teams like Valencia or now Atletico putting a fight from time to time. So I’d argue top 2 is Real and AC Milan
elitism. I know it doesn’t speak for the whole club but there are some idiots like the president or Xavi for example with his retarded Barca DNA
what style? lmao
there are very different skillsets or mentalities that you need in order to succeed in the CL or to succed in the league, and I don’t think your team has it in them. Just like Real won 4/5 CLs yet only 1 LaLiga in the meantime. And history puts more emphasis on European success. I simply can’t see anyone beating Liverpool right now. At least not until the final. I think there are a bunch of teams that could beat them at home or a neutral stadium but I don’t think there is any team that survives Anfield right now, saying it as a Real Madrid fan. Maybe PSG could beat them if Neymar is healthy. Idk, we’ll see, good luck in the CL, you’ll need it.
yeah i seriously doubt any british kid wants to be like Sterling instead of Messi or Ronaldo. You’re out of touch there m8. It used to be the case with Beckham and maybe Rooney at some point but not now
and you think that is what is winning your leagues? "possesion style"? it's not that easy mate, otherwise everybody would just play "possesion style" to be the best no?
well obviously since you’re one of the 2 richest clubs in the countries. It’s not because of your “style” though. Valverde right now isn’t playing the “barca style” at all
ok, but they weren’t as popular as clubs like Man United or AC Milan. When u see the indian kid posting Barca stuff on twitter it isn’t because of Cocu or De Boers I’m telling you, its because of Messi, Pep and all of that
those maybe. Anyway, i think its generally fair to say their popularity compared to other big clubs, rose somewhere in the 2000’s. Or maybe it was a constant rise, but I’d really argue it boomed in 2009 and years afterwards.
Bundesliga is the league with the highest goal scored per match. You could argue its easier to score in the Bundes than in Ligue 1, even though on average it might be a superior league. Anyway, the point is that you can’t say Mbappe is totaly undeserving or that he has no case for toty. That is non sense. Sure, Lewy also has a good shout, probably a better case all around, but this is Fifa and mbappe is a fan favourite. He will also probably be the best card in the game, so ofc people want him
ofc he will but dribbling is more important this year and even his TOTY last year had only 76 balance. Obvs he would be an absolute monster and I don’t think anyone would complain about him lol but I believe both messi and 98 mbappe would be better than him in game. 98 Mbappe might honestly be the best card of the game. Messi is not as good as in the first 2 months, and Mbappe only problem was finishing. With this card I assume he will be at least 97-98 shooting and 99 pace and prob 99 dribbling as well. He will be a fucking monster
you think attackers will “only” be 4m? Like honestly this mbappe seems the best attacking card I’ve seen on fifa. Like his only problem with his normal card is finishing. This 98 will be absolutely insane
I used him, he is great at shooting and is a game changer in the sense that he does nothing all game cause he turns like a truck and his passing is average but then he gets that one shot in the box and he fucking buries it. Still sold him because he is so hard to link and basically had to downgrade my midfield in order to play with him on 10 chem. Anyway, i guess I might buy him back when I am able to but I also want to try Messi before that and I’ll see who I like more.
nah mbappe is really good on the wing, but I agree his NIF lacks finishing and Messi and CR7 are much better centrally. But his 91 with 88 shooting is amazing and I think his TOTY will likely be the best attacking card in the game
I mean, of course he is lol. They’re not even comparable and I played with both
Thats not how it works. Elements can be RNG but you caj still give yoursef more of a chance to have RNG in your favour. Like if you shoot 20 shots inside the box, its more likely you will score than if you shoot from outside. Then your 20 shots will have a much higher chance of going in if there was no pressure from the opponent than if there is. Obviously stats come in place, like composure, balance, finishing, shot power etc and all of these have a say in how the dice rolls. The game still takes skill even if its RNG. Good players simply make better decisions(i.e shoot more often at near post for example. Obvious example and not what differences good players from bad players, but you get it), have better mechanics(shot placement, shot power, left stick dribbling) and better knowledge(they know when to tske the pass, they time it right etc, basicallt still decision making)
random number generator. Its literally just that
nah mendy is genuinely the best left back in the game.
no. Hes prob the best player in the game right now before TOTY VVD comes out. But then again as you said, NIF Militao also does the job, so if you have elsewhere to upgrade you might as well
if its 12 I’m doing the icon pack. If its all the remaining 18. Then i get essien. Not gonna wait an extra month to get a boring CDM lol no matter how good he is. Might as well risk it
I’ll do the same. If they put 18 now then I’ll get Essien. If they make it 12 then I’ll go for the pack. Essien is good but boring as fuck and not gonna wait an extra month for him. Prob pack and then Van Der Sar for 6
that doesnt really matter. They still beat you. You just lack the leadership to win the UCL. Weak mentality. Kind of like PSG
so basically you scored an offside goap both times? Not sure what you are mad at? Both goals were disallowed correctly
In this situation one has to refer to Law 11 - Offside: 2. Offside Offence. Which states that: &gt;A player in an offside position at the moment the ball is played or touched by a team-mate is only penalised on becoming involved in active play by: &gt;... gaining an advantage by playing the ball or interfering with an opponent when it has: &gt;rebounded or been deflected off the goalpost, crossbar or an opponent &gt;been deliberately saved by any opponent &gt;A player in an offside position receiving the ball from an opponent who deliberately plays the ball (except from a deliberate save by any opponent) is not considered to have gained an advantage. &gt;A ‘save’ is when a player stops a ball which is going into or very close to the goal with any part of the body except the hands (unless the goalkeeper within the penalty area). So, in your case it was **offside**, because the ball deflected off an opponent. If it were a deliberate save by an opponent then again offside. If it were a deliberate play by an opponent (that was not a save), then no offside Refereeing is bad, but they’re not going to do such basic mistakes on the biggest stage of european football, I assure you. You just don’t know the rule well enough
so you don’t know the rules and I call you out on it with the rulebook and this is your response ? Haha. Admit when you’re wrong kid. Gonna help you in life
i just explained you why it was? You’re delusional
did you even read my reply? Balls deflectes of opponents are still offside. They are not offside only when the defender tried to willfully play the ball(but not a “save”). I literally copied and pasted the rulebook in my comment above???
yep. Sissoko was used mainly because of rating, but mendy genuinely has no one better than him right now, except his own futmas card lol. Mendy also has 5 star weakfoot and 4* skill loves. Esp the weakfoot really matters. Those bad passes don’t really happe with him Still tho, i’d argue that Sissoko also is much more effective than his rating shows. It’s really just body type and stock in game. For example thats why Base Blanc is a great CDM despite having like sub-80 DEF and PHY stats. He’s 6’4 and absolute beast
cruyff, Dalglish, Butra are prob the most popular choices. If you can manage the weak foot, 92 Stoichkov is a fun card.
you’re also locked in tho with that attacker, which gets pretty boring. For example I have an attack of Neymar, Messi, Mbappe and Ben Yedder as my lone ST. Del P might be an upgrade over ben yedder(debatable really looking at his balance) but Ideally at some point i would still want a better icon ST like Dalglish, Mid Cruyff, Butra, etc(obvs there are the elite like eusebio, r9 etc but i’ll prob never be able to buy them) And then it gets pretty hard to bench a player like Del P who is not elite but still good. Imo best option is Essien if you actually want a player to last the whole game, but then again, he is a pretty boring choice so might as well go for the pack and hope for the big pull
could be, but neither hierro and zambrotta are game changers. If anything, hierro would last you like till February, and that’s pushing it. The pack is quite good value honestly.
I’m curious. Do these kids just switch their fandom depending on which club picks them up? What if they’re from strict blue families? Pr maybe I overestimated the Merseyside rivalry? Like, are there any known former players who played a substancial amount at Liverpoop but were Blue through and through?
mind explaining?
so your saying that brendan rodgers that is currently sitting in 2nd playing beautiful exciting football with fucking Leicester would do worse at United than Ole Gunnar Solsjkaer? I guess the Glazers’ propaganda really is working. They’re turning you into Newcastle lmao,. they’re lowering your expectations
you wouldn’t have said the same thing before the season start. Leicester have a better team because they have a better manager
I dont get it. Explain
how do you crawl?
I think it doesn’t show in the stats but his shot is just wicked. Also better physically. Aggression is high too. Can’t recommend him enough. R9 is cool too, but if anything just save for his prime.
can you share your tactics and instructions for all of the team please?
can you share tactics bruh? Do you play full backs on stay back?
k mate. Share them if you can sometime
when do you DC man? When it says Level completed? Or when you have a button that says redeem it
your point makes no sense? If teams come and play football then surely they leave spaces behind, so in that case Jose’s low block would work wonders.
you could argue Ronaldo was the same. Obvs he was more tehnical, a better passer and much better in the air, but still.
Ronaldo has the most assists in Champions League... and he is like top 10 assister in the last decade
or it could say that Man United consistenly fail to create clear cut chances
or equally it could prove very good if the low block team manages to score first. Things don’t work like that. Low Blocks are not inherently worse than other defensive structures. There are far more variables in play than just “low block bad haha” He also doesn’t really play a low block? It’s really more of a mid block most of the time? Kind of similar to Simeone, or Conte(who is like, top 3 managers in the world atm IMO). If you have phil Jones and Lindelof in defence then yea, a mid/low block will probably work better. Thats why he brought Bailly back then. At Inter when, in the CL season he wanted to play a high defensive line and needed a pacy center back. He wanted his tried and trusted Ricardo Carvalho, but the transfer couldn’t be made. But Inter scout, suggested him an albeit less technical, but very fast Lucio from Bayern.
to synchronize it with the Euros
Shaw, Lingard.
yeah and look at Owen what he did at 19 and how he turned out. Kid is good, don’t put even more pressure on his shoulders
well tbh are joint first in the league while the others are 5th(?) in a very poor season.
tjats clearly not the case since they never figured it out how to play him and Dybala
did you just say Ronaldo Nazario wasn’t a great dribbler? When he is quite literally considered one of the best dribblers ever? At like 19?
fair enough man. Seriously Ronaldo had no flaws in his game as a striker. Easily the most well rounded striker ever. Insane pace, strength, explosiveness, dribbling, two footed. Maybe not as aerially strong as others lol?
whos your striker? How is ben yedder on the wing?
Yes it does work. I play the same way and i found it unnecessary to have 3 good defensive mids. IMO, its better to have a good CDM(Kante, Vieira, Sissoko, Blanc etc), one good box to box(Allan, Renato Sanches futmas, Naingollan etc for soem cheaper versions, or Scream Firmino and Gullit if you have the money) and you can give the other spot to one of your attackers. I usually just put my worst attacker there, regardless of stamina, and i will sub him off 45-60th minute
swap with pogba? what? I guess you're joking right and i am just dense no? Pogba is like maybe 150 million in this market(but i don't think many teams would pay that, if any at all). Mbappe is like 300+
summer?
ah ok. But nah, no chance Mbappe looks towards Manchester. He’s a foot in Madrid already
cause not everybody wants to buy a console for just one game lol. Most games are a better experience on PC, and i also need my PC for work purposes. Also while i am sure some might be affected, I think I’ve encountered exactly one cheater in my ~800 games. And i’m not sure he was a cheater anyway, his green shots just felt suspicious
and then what? change it next year? also get a tv/new desktop just for the console? Nah , just not worth it. As i said, the pc "problems" are overblown: yeah there prob are cheats, but as i said, i've never encountered them directly. And yeah players are a lot, but if you're a good trader it's much easier to get coins than on consoles exactly due to the market. And there is one, albeit substantial i would say, advantage, that pc users have over consoles. No delay. Don't get me wrong tho, if i owned a console already then, yeah, i prob would've purchased fifa there instead of on PC. but since i don't, i really don't think it's worth it just to get frustrated at the game feeling like shit
well obvs if you go from Lucas Moura to Mbappe and Neymar, you're prob get an extra 2 wins from your usual. Similarly, if yu go from Neymar and Mbappe to like Eusebio and Cruyff or smth you will also get 1-3 wins, but you're not gonna hit Elite 1's and top 100 without actually being very very good at the game no matter the team It also goes harder the higher you go up. It's harder to get from 25 to 27 wins that it is to get from 14 to 17
bernardo silva and jesus on the wings, neymar and griezman as CF and ST(switch them and see how you like it better). get rid of griezz tho.
I get your point but you gave shit examples. Are you telling me that SAF at United after 92 ever had a worse squad than Mou at Porto? Like common now, SAF was a great manager, greatest of all time quite possibly, but that doesn’t make others any less good than what they are. What Mou did at Porto and Inter is nothing short of legendary
he got 2nd in his second year at the club. He really wasn’t that bad. He had one and half really good season. And then one half was shaky and one half was terrible. He wasn’t the man for the job, clearly wasn’t happy to be here, and the board fucked him too. But to say that Mourinho only “looks good with great players” is being dishonest. Its a valid criticism for Pep until he proves it otherwise, but not for Jose
do you win CL trophies with that? Like im sure you absolutely dominate the league with that team but on big European Nights? Esp away? Or do you have another tactic for that? A midfield duo of Pogba and Bruno seems very shaky in terms of defense
/r/thathappened
Didn’t you only really conquered undeveloped, unorganised, regions? So basically colonialism? Cause otherwise you got pretty dicked around all of Europe, u’re just lucky you live on an island
I’m not saying that constructing your Empire was small feat, just saying that militarism and on foot battles/wars are not really what the British were renowned for, other than the British Navy. I’d say there was always a bigger, better equiped, better drilled on foot army on mainland Europe, be it France, Prussia(and then Imperial Germany), Russia or whoever. But as you said, your isolation made it so that you didn’t really need a superior army and you weren’t particularly interested in continent wars other than to avoid a centralised power that could actually invade Britain
building his own Manchester in Italy lol
Delusional
ok but what in his comment is untrue? If salah is 42, then lukaku for 90 sure isn’t good business.
Thats because Conte is top 3 managers in the world at the moment
lol what? Liverpool were dreadful in front of the goal. The match could’ve been 5-0 in the first half easily. We should consider ourselves lucky
so basically half a team? Do you hear yourself?
and if they finished their chances it would have been 5-0. What the fuck is your point
we’re 5th because everyone is shit. This is actually our worst season in 30 years
lol. He’s got a fracture in his spine you bellend, this could be potentially career ending
He’s literally risking the biggest homegrown talent Man United have since 92 just to save his job. Lmao
I honestly can’t hear you speaking with Ole’s cock deep down your throat. Could you take it out for a minute please?
usually formation is the defensive shape. When they used to play 2-3-5, it was literally that, 5 attackers absolutely goaltending(no offside rule) amd only 2 defenders. While teams might still attack at certain moments in something that could be described as 5 players in the opponents final third, the wide men still have major defensive responsivilities. Its all really the fact that most teams play very fluid today. Players are expected to participate in both attacking and defending. Salah and Mane often track back and tuck in to make a 4-5-1 or 4-1-4-1, while Firmino drops heavily and is a pressing monster
what? LMAO
honestly if your lot wins this title and another title and CL in the next 2 years(so like with the same core, like Barca 2009-2011) like you might as well be the best team ever, or at least up there with some greats like Pep’s Barca or Sacchi’s Milan.
lmao the mercenary type.
ok they went toe to toe with Man City... that is like 15 points behind the leaders, playing with a fucked up backline... And it happened once. The next game they completely played us off the pitch with no strikers available and the same backline problems. Chelsea also beat Barca in 2012, yet if you play that leg 100 times, Barca win it 90 times, yet it didn’t happen. But you can’t say just because Bertrand or whatever was their fullback name pocketed Messi for a game , he’s a Champions League winning level player. Fact of the matter is, Maguire, Fred, McTominay are simply not championship contending players. Yea, they love the club, put in a lot of effort and have heart, thus the ability to show up in derbies, but they’re simply not good enough to win a title, at least not by themselves. Yea, if you buy a fast, pacy, somewhat agile centre half, that completely covers for Maguire’s weaknesses, yeah, he could probably form a decent partnership, but he isn’t a Van Dijk type of Defender that has no glaring weakness and would basically improve any backline you fit him into
Maguire was 60 million the summer before, when Jose wanted him. But ofc, Woodward thought Lindleof and Baily the madman were enough
exactly what i was thinking, no way Maddison goes for under a 100 lol. They will be in CL too
Liverpool uses zonal Marking lol
you need good results in order to attract players. World class players won’t come to you no matter your history if you can’t even play PL.
cause the team clearly improved, and a style, his famous gegenpressig or hard metal football as he calls it became obvious and apparent, even though the personnel sucked ass at playing it. Then he got his players, finished top 4, played a CL final, while also realizing that his style doesn’t work anymore in competing for a title, s he got rid of his assistant manager and good friend, who followed him from Mainz, to Dortmund and then Liverpool, and hired a possesion based coach to he his assman. Point is, there was never regress after they hired him. It was a constant progress, smaller at times, bigger steps at others. With Ole thats not the case, we’re playing terribly most of the games, and pur record is abysmal, on track for the lowest points tally in 3. decades.
Frankly, i know this sub loves him, but i don’t believe AWB is deserving of a guaranteed spot. In todays game you can’t afford to have a fullback who is not good going forward. And he really isn’t right now
Lampard was far better defensively. And ironically, better going forward too. Lampard was just a better player. That’s about it
I’d argue not good enough for PL contending. At least not now. Ideally you would get rid of Shaw, get a good, starter LB and have Williams as depth and improving further up
while also being on track for the lowest points tally in 3 decades. Saying we are close to 4th is disingenious. The top 6 is shit compared to most years, similarly to the year Leicester won.
you have no proof of that
yet somehow top teams are breaking records left and right, 100+ points, two race horses with both teams finishing 95+ points which happened like never before, stupid high budgets, and PL top teams are able to buy better players than before as well as being able to retain them even if other teams like the spanish giants come from. So nah, I don’t agree the league is more competitive. Yeah, teams are richer, but it means shit if the recruitment is bad. Also, most teams only really went up in transfer budgets, their payroll haven’t seen such a big increase. Like someone else said here in regards to Bruno, many PL teams would be able to afford the 60 million, but not many could afford the 150k per week. So nah, i think it’s just a case of Chelsea, Spurs and Manchester being shittier than usual. As I said, Liverpool(and Man City the 2 years prior) are making history in this supposedly most competitive Premier League season ever?? I doubt it
I mean no dig to Messi, but with the amount of Copa Americas held lately, it is fucking astonishing that he still hasn’t won an international tournament. Like, there’s been like 4 of them in 5. years or some shit like that
its still sad he never lifted the PL.
can you share a link? I can’t find it
what? His Porto attackers were experienced? at a CL level? you’re talking mad shit
ahahaha. Thinking winning the norwwgian league with fucking Molde is better than bringing freaking spurs to 2nd place and CL final. Fam, if Spurs had our budget and spending, they woupd have dominated
stats have context. I’m sure Poch has a better winrate as a manager, and when you also take in mind that he did it in La Liga ans Premier league at 2 midtable clubs and one good club which he brought to being very good-great. Like its just nickpicking for the sake of it. Fine, I’ll say it. Poch is an objectively better manager than OGS
lol I wish we played like Inter
81 points. Tell me when Ole gets that
we’re not doing well at all though? We are at a historic low
ofcourse, but at the same time he got way more chances than Ronaldo. Like he played double the tournaments.
lol? We are the benchmark? Tjats not how it works, there is a reason City are 15 points behind. In football, if A&gt;B and B&gt;C that doesn’t mean A&gt;C. Liverpool is the best team in Europe right now, and if they can keep it up there for another 2-3 years(winning leagues and CLs) they will go down as one of the best in history, up there with Pep’s Barca or Sacchi’s Milan etc
meh. Arguably the best team under SAF, which i would argue was the Ronaldo one 2008, we played a 4-3-3.
lmao. Are you going to say we have a worse squad than Sheffield United? Everyone starting from Ole, Carrick, Mckenna and up to Judge, Woodward and the Glazers have no idea what they’re doing
we’re 5th just because of a historical shitty Arsenal, Spurs and Chelsea. We also are aiming for our worst season in 3 decades. Saying that we should be happy cuz we are 5th is an insult to our intelligence
i don’t understand the argument? Are the opinions of matchgoers superioe to those of redditors?
Martial has a lot of years behind him as experience. He is young, but he still never showed more than “flashes of brilliance”. I woupd say it would be the best to move on from him
people have said the same thing for 25 years now, and it keeps getting bigger. Sports simply can't be replaced, so there will always be a desire and someone to watch football. Being also the most watched by a mile obviously helps
are you saying fetuses are not life?
Who said anything about nba? Rhere is the Euroliga
theres no thinking. We are listed on the NYSE, lying about numbers would be jail worthy. We are loaded
How? Ronaldo would still not be full chem :))?
have you watched shaw this season? AWB is very good 1v1 but he offers nothing going forward. Obvs he can improve, but right now he is not a title contending fullback. Midfield does look good on paper, but they need a proper DM. The attack isn’t as good as you say, apart from Rashy, who is class. Martial still seems the same old Martial, when he is on he is on, but when he is off, he is way off. James is a squad player. His weaknesses show when playing against a low block. He is rapid but thats about it. A hard worked tho. Useful player, but again, not title contending level
partey - bruno - pogba in a 4-3-3
lol. I’m not trying to put myself in danger, I live in the US too. I’m just saying that the way the baboon in office is talking, it’s gonna lead to a civil war.
Pretty sure 90% of Europe right now is safer than the US. the “best country” hasn’t been valid for like 3 decades. Stop living in the past or blinded by propaganda
so basically what would be labeled as “socialist” in today’s America
what nationality are you? Indian?
nah i was just curious why you refer to romani as your sister people? Unless you didn’t mean it literally, as you said you aren’t of Indian descent
well that’s the point. You aren’t any more free than people in other western countries. Like the stuff that is happening in your country is 3rd world-ish at best. You almost never see cases like the one of George Floyd, or Daniel Shaver
lmao garbage tv. What do you watch?
ohhhh, right, didn’t know we were talking to a scholar here
? I haven’t even watched the show. I’m just taking the piss at your superiority complex.
lmao, TV is literally entertainment, not everything has to give you a valuable lesson. Or you think you’re smarter cause you don’t watch entertainment television? Even the great minds of this world know when to take a pause and enjoy an easy show. I’m really curious what do you actually watch on TV, since your unnaturally high IQ is oozing through. What’s your favourite films?
I highly doubt that. Soldiers refused to follow this order even in the most authoritarian regimes. Sure, might some, cause it seems americans are shit crazy, but it won’t lead to a genocide. It would probably cause shootinga between service members, so prob a civil war/ revolution
well then idk what to say to you guys, you’re just insane. Even commies didn’t do that lol. On a serious note, this is 2020, and something like Kent State happening again, would be a disaster and wouldn’t go unpunished. That’s full on revolution at that point, with Trump probably executed afterwards
Hahaha, have you read Juvenal or you’re just trying to sound smart? Again, as you claimed X show is rubbish since you haven’t watched it, please provide us with some highly intelectual shows/films to watch.
Napoleon wasn’t a terrible leader by any means. Thats why the coalitions were formed, he was so good, they had to prevent France from being a dominant superpower. Apart from being a military genius, he also pushed out a lot of good reforms, and he promoted on merit, not nepotism which was pretty unheard of back then.
Hitler happened because of the constant battling between France and german countries for the 2 centuries before. I strongly hold the opinion that if the Central Powers would have won The Great War, we would have still seen a hitler-esque figure, but this time in France instead. I don’t think the french people could have taken another outright shaming from the germans after the Prussian wars and Napoleon II’s failure coupled with whatever peace pact the germans would have hit them with. Nationalism was on the rise anyway. Although probably there wouldn’t have been an individual as wicked as Hitler.
You don’t. As others have said, there are a multitude of separate former kingdoms and such. What you’re suggesting is what happened after WW2 to the Middle East, when the British draw the borders however they liked, or whatever benefitted their economics, with no regard to the autonomous population. And look at the results, perpetual unrest in these areas, which lead to terrorist organizations, partisans, guerilla groups etc to be formed
Saying Germany has a history of authoritarian regime is a bit of a stretch. the German Empire was unified for like 40 years prior to WWI, before that there was no talk of unified german state, even during the Holy Roman Empire.
So, whats been happening since 2016 in America?
how were they? 11 rares for 81+ or what?
I don't get your point. That's just how the feudal system worked, pretty much every nation in Europe was like that. Monarchism didn't prevent the introduction of democracy, there are plenty of countries that made the jump peacefully from an "authoritarian" monarchy( i think it's disingenious to call any of the european states in the Middle Ages as authoritarians. Kings didn't really have all that much power, and they were certainly not dictators. Politics were very delicate back then, with nobility having so much power) to a constitutional one like Great Britain, Netherlands, Sweden etc. Nationalism, fascism, totalitarianism etc, always rises in nations that are either divided, weak, or have other big problems such as economics, education, social issues etc. Hitler was a result of the French being too greedy after The Great War, the poverty that was at an all time high, inflation, and a lost of national values, as the winners tried to demonify Prussian culture(militarism, discpline, etc yada yada). Had the Central Powers win WWI, we would still have seen a hitler-esque figure rise up in France for instance, who definetely couldn't have taken another shameful beating from the Germans, especially after Napoleon II's failure. Russia's and China's case are similar. the Russian Empire was one of the most impoverished states in Europe, with great inequality between classes. Landless peasants were still being slaves for nobility, which was a feudal practice abandoned by the West long before. Illiteracy was very high, and the country as a whole was underdeveloped, with industrialization coming only at the onset of the 20th century. Coupled with a population boom, famine was inevitable. The Tsar was bound to fall. Chinese people also suffered from great inequality between their own social classes, and nationalistic pride was on the rise due to a century of subjugation by western states and imperialistic Japan. Nationalistic movements tend to gain traction in these scenarios as you can see, when a change is needed, because they appeal to the masses. Hilariously(or maybe not quite so), modern time America also seems to tick some of the boxes. There's definetely a big discrepancy between classes(I'm not a communist don't you worry, I fought 30 years ago to liberate my country from under the communist regime), and it seems like it's buried under social issues(racism, xenophoby etc), so the people are divided. Which is why Trump, who is a populist basically, managed to win in 2016, because he appealed to a large mass of people that felt betrayed by their own goverment. That and your weird election system. Hopefully you'll manage to turn it around. But I think aknowledgeing the danger of the potential rise fascism, nationalism is key. You must not turn a blind eye, saying that "it couldn't happen to us" or you will repeat the mistakes of the past. Hitler and the nazis were also ridiculed at first, until, you know, they weren't.
that seems incorrect. Both short distance olympic races and long distance are dominated by black people
what? Yeah, I don’t want any doctor or surgeon to be “learning” on me, my body or my family. We need the best doctors, and thats it. Yes, it is easier to become a doctor by being white, mostly because on average you’ll probably come from a higher income, more educated family, neighborhood etc. So if you want to help black people become doctors, try to enable them to actually be in a position to learn. Don’t treat the symptoms, treat the ilness.
he was joking
what about elite packs?
true, because Liverpool winning the league with like 20 points or smth on the next team is competitive. Or last year when 2 teams were miles ahead of everyone else like in Spain. Or the year before, when City ended with 100 points, 19 points above 2nd place, like in Ligue 1. Or when Man Utd traded leagues with Arsenal every year and then they started trading with Chelsea(with some 3 peats in there) until the sheikh arrived in England.
math seems wonky. How is Ronaldo's average better, Messi scored a goal every 79 minutes rather than 80
the EU wasn’t an entity until after WW2
Germany’s economic situation was dire, the whole nazi road to power was based on promises of reuniting the german people and undoing the damages of WWI. So France and Poland would’ve been targeted, since they had regions that were historically and ethnically german. Conflict with the Soviet Union would’ve been inevitable. Stalin was an outritht expansionist, and would certainly not let Hitler conquer Europe and utilize its resources. But Germany also needed resources, especially oil, to feed the war machine so yea. The US wasn’t attacked, they declared war. As a sidenote, Poland is not really a small country by any metric, its almost as big as France. So yea, german economics were very poor even before the nazi regime, but it also got worse cause nazis also had some pretty bad internal reforms too.
If you’re talking about WW2, Germany was losing anyway in Russia. Although afterwards, the combined powers of the US and UK did prevent Stalin from trying to conquer further past Berlin. If you’re talking about WW1, then yea, US declaring war was the nail in the coffin for the German Empire. Although I’m not quite sure how the world develops if the Central Powers would’ve won WW1. I guess we would still have WW2, but now probably started by France or smth
if you kill the people, more people rise up. The point is even the most authoritarian regimes in history fell down to revolutions. You are grossly overestimating the willness of soldiers to kill their own countrymen, friends, families. Even if the guy up top gives the order, it doesn’t mean it will get followed, like how Trump was denied the use of military intervention on American soil. You seem to think that a country can’t show fascist tendencies until they’re totally fascist. This is very dangerous behaviour, because it’s exactly how fascism grows throughout history, when its left alone, ignored, ridiculed. Hitler was the laughing stock of Germany in ‘23, and not even a decade later he was a dictator. Modern day US, especially under Republican governing, has absolutely shown fascist tendencies. The constant fear of an enemy of the people(i.e the “Deep State”, commies, or more recently under Trump, liberals and Antifa), literal anonymous militias protecting the president etc. The US is also pretty much a police state by now, at least compared to pretty much every other Western nation
I don’t get your first point, Churchill was a piece of shit responsible for millions of deaths. Especially in India. You seem to think thst just because someone did something good, they deserve to preserve a honorable legacy. Stalin also fought against the nazis and defeates them almost singlehandedly, yet he is probably the biggest piece of shit in human history
well you can choose to believe whatever you want, that doesn’t make it false.
so how do you kill the people? Who does that for you? I’ve been part of a dictatorship in a former communist country, and we fought for freedom of the people. When the dictator gave the order, the army refused to carry it out, and instead helped the people in order to capture the dictator. What you’re suggesting is fantasy world. No government ever succesfuly carries out a genocide against their own countrymen. Sure when you can convince people that your countrymen are in fact not thar, but the enemy or even subhuman beings than you might find some level of success like how Hitler did with the Jews.
Nobody is trying to prove intent. The fact is that under Churchill the people of India suffered greatly, with a ton of deaths, famine etc. Those were direct consequences of his actions. He’s still a piece of shit. His actions in India are not honoured by any mainstream historian. Let’s say Derek Chauvin really doesn’t have the mental capability of a childer older than 6 years old and didn’t know he was hurting or putting George Floyd’s life in danger. That doesn’t make him any less of a piece of shit.
They don’t experience “our” time. They still experience time, its just that at those speeds time doesn’t really flow like on Earth. Time is relative. Their time is just as “real” or correct as ours. Another thing that dilates time is mass(think Interstellar with the planet near the black hole scene). Time flows slower near a massive object. For example, the atomic clocks on our sattelites have to account for some milliseconds delay, as they are further from Earth than us, so time flows a little slower for them compared to us. It’s a really small difference, but if it weren’t taken into consideration, GPS wouldn’t work at all
tbf sanchi is prob better than salah no cap
I don’t get your point. Most gold players probably had 0 usable picks all year. Because you know, they get less than you. this is like saying that a poor person just won the lottery, therefore i should be paid more because i work harder/smarter
I mean thats exactly how it operates. It’s a glorified trading card game. like MTG
Well I don’t. I’d much rather play the game and afford players that i actually enjoy in real life, then to play with sime bums from god nowhere that I have no connection to. Its nostalgia. You could win with squads like that because top cards were unatainable, and the game was just less competitive, players were worse etc
Could you invite me as well please?
lmao so peoppe make 50 million transfer profit from packs? Common
Cavaliers were hurt
they took it down because a good card has too big of a weight lmao. So now its worse
so whats the solution? Low depth&amp;Press on heavy touch? Or you mean either balanced with really low depth(1-2) or pressure with normal depth(4-5-6)
whats ftr
ahaha pc cheater.
yeah its called cheating
mate, you used WL Opponent Stats cheat, maybe some Green time finishing aswell or smth and got reported. Chill down, why lie on the Internet about it? You’re mad cause you lost money on the cheat or what?
458 is beautiful, especially Speciale. 488 is also nice. The F12 is gorgeous.
Uhhh that FB Mbappe on the wing is hurting me. He is the best ST in the game IMO, should definetely play there over Ben Yedder.
Ye but Mbappe has 5* skills. And is faster, stronger. Both are really good. But yea ben yedder can’t play on the wing, so i guess your current setup is the best possible. Sick team mate.
well check their stats and you have your answer. Hint: it’s not even close
ye its pretty easy. Most really good traders make around 2-3M a week. Obvs the more money you have, the more you can invest, the more profit you make
I think the point is they never sell for 3k. So your examples are just way off
idk, icon flipping which could make you a mil overnight? Its also the amount of liquid coins he has. If you only have 1M, you can maybe make 100k an hour or smth. If you have 20 Million you’rs going to make a hell of a a lot more
I mean 38 vert is not even that bad isn’t it.
mai ai 4 zile, e relax. Bagi 2-3 opere pe zi si acolo esti
you say as if that is a lot? It takes years in most of Europe
whose signing was Ronaldo?
The midfield is non existent. No seriously, there isn’t a single guy in there that I would call good. Thats unnaceptable for a team with european aspirations
My bet is on PSG. Yes they will be basically im vacation until then(they have an unnoficial tournament with Ligue 1 teams and some cup matches but thats about it), but I am sure they will be in shape. The upside is that there is little chance of Neymar/Mbappe injury, so I really think if they’re to ever win it, this is their year
truth is this reviews are just impossible to make. Cards don’t work for everybody.
Its also quite likely the dude was lying and he was just cheating. That message is the standard one you get, it enlists all possible reasons for being suspended, not the actual reason.
i don’t understand, Ramos should play CB why Move Carvajal to CB?
yea you are. Moments Ramos is like top 10 cb in the game
just replace carvajal. Zambro has the better body imo suited for a fullback
Nah, I have him over all of those apart from Van Dijk, TOTS Ramos and maybe Maldini(I haven’t played with him). I think he is better than all the others. Militao is too small, Varane is too clunky, Diego Carlos is somewhere in between, although i would say he is the closest. Opara doesn’t play to his stats imo, he isn’t that stockt or idk, kind of like Desailly
yes but neymar has 5*SM, and custom animations so he breezes past players. Butra doesn’t
what about Desailly
it wouldn’t work when we have a bafoon they can point to at the other side
I don’t get this. Chinese manufacturing is bad now? Iphones are made in China. They bad too? Or any major smartphone company. Thats just one example of durable pieces of technology
the whole nazi “make germany great again” scheme was based on war.
those things don’t matter if you have nukes
so whats your choice of action?
Well Australia can’t do anything to them, 36% of their exports are to China, thats like, almost a vassal state. There is no winning in this scenario. Remember when Russia just got a new peninsula in their borders? Yea nothing happened
Thats because Hitler’s whole plan to fulfill his promises of a strong german nation were based on war. His plans were an inevitable expansion to the east, and he was already preparing for a war with the allies. The allies were just too naive, and they also thought a strong germany might help them against communism. Appeasement absolutely works. It doesn’t work 100% of the time, but more times than not it is efficient
well where is the alternative? Its our politicians fault that they let every major industry outsource to China, making them an essencial part of world economy
thing is powerful countries are too powerful nowadays, so nobody wants to risk anything. Globalization is also a factor, everybody has a hand in each other’s pocket, by hurting them you’re also hurting yourself
probably someone who owns him already or smth
who is better in your opinion?
It doesn’t matter. He wasn’t charged with it cause there wasn’t enough evidence. It was also most likely entrapment by fbi feds who later stole bitcoin and got convicted.
whata the problem with james? Wasn’t he liked by Utd fans?
that’s not true, there’s plenty of lone dogs that got well with Mou, like Essien and Eto’o. What he doesn’t get on with is divas like Pogba for example. The same archetype of player that Ferguson would’ve given the boot
most of them. For example yesterday’s first penalty. If the referee doesn’t call there, VAR most likely wouldn’t overturn it. I’m not saying it isn’t a pen, but it’s a soft pen thst other teams usually don’t get
well i think he’s just limited. He shouldn’t be a starting player for Man United, but he at least seems to put in effort every night.
ok. 50M down the drain then
lol okay playing in a three at the back with Alaba and Boateng While also being more agile and just better at defending than slabhead so its not like he was getting caught out
Yes. So the point is Man UTD fans are usually not angry while other team’s fans are more often. Because pens like this, which are still pens, are called more often for Man United than other teams.
I mean Man utd have been given 16 penalties this season. Compare it to the other teams, then go watch other teams’ games and see not-given calls. The stats are there, you’re just too lazy to figure it out by yourself. Just stop replying to me please
If you think that is a valid equivalence then I don’t know what to tell you.
Do you also keep an archive of every match played in the PL this season, with possible uncalled fouls? It’s simple really if you don’t want to ask. go on each subreddit of teams and ask them what penalties they haven’t been given this season. All of them will have replays to show you of soft/borderline pens than weren’t given. Now ask all of them which have got 17 pens given? Only one. The point I’m making isn’t that referees are going out of their way to give Man Utd pen’s out of thin air. My point is that referees re very inconsistent, and United for various reasons have benefitted a lot this season due to inconsistency. Nobody would bat an eye if other teams also got their pens called. But they don’t
I mean wasn't essien the guy who was the only one not invited to one of his teammates' birthday and Jose conforted him?
gullit haha
what a bunch of twats
lol common, 2 years ago you lots claimed somehow in the middle of a CL final chasing a ball, Ramos had the mental fortitude and mma skills necessary to intentionally put Salah's arm in a lock and dislocate his shoulder. All fanbases are delusional when it comes to their team
mind sharing the source?
I have Moments Ramos as a CB. Who is the better pairing? Ramos+ Prime Blanc Ramos + Prime Desailly
any reason?
no
i have nussing to say
but they weren’t
in real life you’re not the one playing, and players can control their arms. Also it happens maybe twice a season at most to your team. If handballs were turned on, literally 80% of the goals would be from penalties
Saint maximin is 5* 5* as well in the cards proposed by OP
that doesn't matter. Prime should be exactly what it says, prime. His baby and mid do justice for the rest of his career by bbeing absolutely useless.
meh. They proved consistency last season as well. They’re probably finish consecutive seasons with 95+ points. Thats not all to luck, as much as it pains Man UTD fans, liverpool have an incredible team right now, made possible by everybody in the organization top down.
but thats how you pronounce ferna des in portuguesep
so i guess all the pros that advocate for like 4 players with 5 star wf in attack suck no?
meh. They still were a good team in quite a lot of areas. Probably the best midfield in the entire tournament
Karim has been by far the best player on the team after Ronaldo’s departure
top 5? Which are the other 4? Maradona Pele Messi Cristiano(no particular order). So you’re leaving out players like Cruyff, Beckenbauer, Platini, Vam Basten, Ronaldo, Dinho, Di Stefano, Puskas? Thats a bit too much
I literally don’t follow. It’s the exact same thing
