No. That's weird. You're weird. Stop doing that. Kidding. It's interesting how different environments and settings can change the way we function. There's a lot of elements that play a role such as comfort levels, anxieties, personalities and it's all a factor. You're comfortable with your friend. You trust them, know them and gain confidence through them. When you go into a different environment, those elements may not be present. Shyness, social awkwardness, lack of confidence in public. Also, something relatable is how we practice vs how we fight, as in using what we train on in an actual emergency situation. That can expose a whole lot of how much confidence you actually have in what you train on. It's a totally different and extreme perspective where in one scenario you're relaxed, everything is safe, no one is actually trying to hurt anyone, it's all situational and it has a beginning and a safe, relaxing end, vs the sudden switch to fight or flight adrenalin where someone is trying to hurt you. Performance will always change from one environment to another. Best advice, diversify and expose yourself to all the different environments you can and you will eventually get better.
Boris art always gets an upvote
Money.
A parolee with an ankle monitor was still able to get his hands on a gun. Great control there.
A parolee with an ankle monitor gained access to a gun and killed people. I'd say that was a violation of gun control laws. Didn't need to be spelled out in the article. Unless it's legal for paroled felons to own a shotgun, then that's my ignorance of Australian gun laws.
Those "no controls" enable this: https://www.cnn.com/2018/05/24/us/oklahoma-city-shooting/index.html Is it a perfect world? No. Are bad things going to happen despite all the written laws dreamed up? Yes. There is no right answer to a societal problem. Australia does a great job with their controls and laws, but look the families of these 4 in the face and tell them that "At least we're better than America." That doesn't comfort anyone suffering this kind of tragedy. They are gonna want answers. That's all.
Well I'm pretty sure you can relate it to the town of Oświęcim not wanting to have a memorial every year for the Auschwitz concentration camp. It was a tragedy I do believe the locals aren't fans of the memory of. But, it will not be forgotten because those who do remember that time will keep it alive so that the World doesn't forget. And that's what is important. What's a black eye to China shall be a lesson to the world. Good article.
&gt;After police recommended in April that he face fraud charges over alleged misuse of EU funds, he responded by sacking the justice minister in his coalition government and installing a close ally, Marie Benešová. I mean, that's one way to deal with charges I guess LOL. Poor Czech, bust out of communism and land right into dictatorship. Best of luck to them. Classic case of the rich making themselves richer by dicking down everyone under them.
Accidental deaths are a completely different subject and altogether a different problem that you can not put blame on gun control for. Accidental deaths involving a firearm don't even make the top 10 accidental causes of death in the world: https://www.safetynewsalert.com/number-of-accidental-deaths-hits-new-high/ If you want to debate the controls over anything that causes accidental death, we need to start discussing the controls of motor vehicles and get down to the poison, illegal drug and pharmaceutical controls along with tobacco and alcohol controls. That's quite a rabbit hole. Bottom line, PEOPLE are the problem. you can't put enough controls on people to keep bad things from happening. And comparing the regions of the world is impossible. What works in one nation won't work in another. The cultures, the demographics, the societies are just too many differing factors. America is hugely more diverse and riddled with issues Australia never had and doesn't deal with. But like I said, that doesn't comfort the families of the victims. I give kudos to the low numbers, but even the best laws fail. This is just ONE fail. Does it mean they need more controls? Probably not, but finding out where the fail happened would help adjust what needs to be adjusted to prevent another.
This was the best breakdown of events ever. I felt like I was actually there. Thank you for this.
Woah. Pack it up boys, this dude has soaked up all the putang, leaving nothing for the rest of us.
Try a sign offering free kittens or puppies. Nothing gets the ladies like a van with kittens and or puppies.
That's taking it to the next level. Good job and best wishes for your continued journey!
People never cease to leave me absolutely speechless with the stupid shit they do. Just...Fucking why?
I still have those days.
Ugh. 2G?! And damn, charge your phone. And go to bed, it's after midnight you madlad.
This is what should have been happening before any talk of Mars. We had the ability to do this decades ago, so much wasted time and money.
Doing ok actually, considering it's shitty weather. Wife started her new job, I worked out, had the whole morning to myself, made smoothies, got to work. Now just cruising through my work shift waiting for my paycheck to hit so I can figure out dinner. How are you?
This should have been what they were doing way before any talk of Mars. We had the ability to do this so long ago, so, much time and money wasted on other things. I want this to happen so bad.
That's pretty sweet! Enjoy!
Right? Pfft. Fucking incels, amiright? *cries to self internally*
I'd wonder more about where that $2M went in order for it to be considered "misuse". Obviously something he didn't want his own money involved in. But, I agree, it's pretty dumb regardless.
ISS has been in space for over 15 years. We've been launching Crap into space well before SpaceX. We've landed on comets, we've landed rovers on Mars, we've conceptualized countless ways to colonize planets. This shouldn't be new territory just now being made a reality. This should have been something in the planning since we first landed on the moon.
Stupid
The real specs common folk really wanna know about.
Luby's. Bullshit old people cafeteria trash food.
Ah, that's funny...Bullshit, but funny.
I'm just saying, I wanted it a long time ago, with the age of flying cars we're supposed to be living in right now According to science fiction. I'm just mad it's taking so Damn long, I'll be too old or dead before it even starts becoming a reality. It's Bullshit I tell ya! Lol
https://youtu.be/4x1hsC-YKAA
That was freaking EPIC. Just went back and found it: https://youtu.be/4x1hsC-YKAA He straight called Dr. Phil out for exploiting people on his show the same way. Fuck yeah. LOL! I hate Dr. Phil with a passion, him and all those "talk show" circus ring masters who think they are so righteous. Boom. Got him good.
Would make life interesting lol
A what?
Money. Specifically, the lack of it.
But no one makes you bleed your own blood, NOBODY!
Looks fine. Sleeves look a tiny bit too long. That belt tho...oof.
Absolutely loved this show. The dream adventure of going to the origin of each martial art and showcasing the different sides. The BJJ episode was awesome for that to me. Dude was a purple belt getting worked by a Brazilian blue belt kid.
Ha! Gotcha with the ole toy car to the kisser. Classic.
The Amazon Rainforest has little to no effect or contribution to the world oxygen supply, despite producing 20% of the world's oxygen.
Those shorts tho...pure fire.
Too late
Glosserick! Ahhh I miss that show.
Kick him in the dinger Johnny!
Sleep quality improvement is under appreciated as a means of self improvement. We really don't put it in high enough importance to get proper sleep and that effects you in every way. Research, test and find the right bed. Dedicate the proper amount of time for a total sleep ritual that works for your body. That includes what and when you eat/drink before, the time it takes you to wind down and relax, fall asleep and then how you wake up.
Damn. As a Christian-type person I hated to upvote this, but it's funny, so.
What did they do?! Free mah boy Tulip! He didn do nuffin!
What's that Lassy? Timmy drove his car into a well? Wtf is with this kid and getting stuck in wells?!
Confucius say: Baseball wrong. Man with 4 balls cannot walk. Seriously tho, Fucking ouch. That has got to hurt.
Aww. That's so sad. Poor guy.
This makes me unhappy. Colonize the fakking moon already!!
Cock magic. I could have been the best. Thought it was making a comeback, but it turned out to be just male chickens playing Magic the Gathering. Boy was I embarrassed. And that's why I'm here today to, by law, inform you, good neighbor, that I am a registered sex offender moving into your neighborhood.
So weird.
I 100% do not understand how things like this happen.
Technically not wrong.
Adulthood
Seems legit. LOL
LOL!
Napalm was made for this.
Because when I work my ass off for something, I shouldn't have to give it away to someone who didn't work for it. I want what I earn. What's the point in working hard for something if others don't have to and get the same thing? Why is that such a bizzar concept to people? Literally nothing in the world is free and you aren't entitled to anything you don't work for. When you pool all the resources and put only a few in charge of all of it, human corruption will rise to the occasion and systems will fail. It's been proven over and over again. China realised it and they aren't even technically communist anymore, same with Russia. Look what is happening right now in south America. The USSR collapsed. North Korea is a shit show. Say what you want about capitalism, yeah it has some serious ugliness to it, but it makes sense. The only reason anyone is against it is because they aren't profiting from it. It's hard. Being successful in capitalist societies is not easy and requires a lot of work and sacrifice and it's a very crowded economy with a lot of really bad and unfair practices to compete with. You won't always enjoy what you have to do to get anywhere. But think about it, you play the game, you bust your butt and finally gain something and then the game suddenly changes, someone comes in and takes what you earned and gives it away to people who didn't sacrifice anything, didn't work nearly as hard, you'll be Fucking pissed. Or even worse, maybe someone takes it from you but instead of giving it out fairly, they just keep it for themselves because they can and there's nothing you can do about it. That's the thought process, the vision, the reason there is such a resistance against communism.
Stopping the spread was more of a securing the partnerships in a world economy kind of thing. The threat was more that the main world power competitors were gaining real estate and chopping down our economic growth and partnerships. It would cost more to trade with (term used loosely) communist domains because of the competition and what it would cost us to deal with them versus if they were more independently capitalist. Anywhere we go that gets labeled a "preserving the interests" means we deal with that particular government under a specific agreement, and any threat to that agreement is a threat to our "interests". Communist nations were a threat to our interests by limiting our ability to trade freely on our terms, and that is why we campaigned against it. Those days of the cold war, korea, vietnam, were all real estate battles for the most part. France couldn't handle keeping South Vietnam from falling into China's hands, cutting us out from a relatively nice chunk of real estate, so that's why we jumped in. Same with Korea. South Korea didn't want to be communist, they liked the trade deals they were profiting from, so we jumped in to help. Its not just the US that was all aboard the fuck communism game. But we were a huge world power against it.
Dang. Still no explanation as to why it got cancelled. Shame.
Well there we have it then.
I'm originally from a very small northern California town. I lept out at 18 with the Army throwing me all over the place for about 18 years. When I was stationed in Texas, I fell in love with the state, even tho the base and surrounding area was terrible. When I had the chance, finally, to move my family somewhere permanent, I chose Dallas. I'm absolutely in love with this city, this state, and going on 4 years of struggling to make it work here (for various self imposed reasons/events) i don't want to move. It would break my heart to have to uproot and go anywhere else, for real. We have It all. Big city luxury and convenience with that southern Texan charm/attitude. Even the most frustrating events don't deter me. The weather is right, I hate the cold, so I don't have to deal with that much. It gets really hot, but it's bearable. North Texas is where it's at. If I absolutely had to move, I'd look for somewhere else still in the borders of Texas. There's all kinds of places with home potential.
DFW
I'm from California. Go ahead. Draw. Skin that smoke wagon and go to work. I'm your huckleberry.
Honestly, didn't even know it was against the law for the kiddos to have a lemonade stand. I guess those little rascals got one over on me! LOL.
Honestly, didn't even know it was against the law for the kiddos to have a lemonade stand. I guess those little rascals got one over on me! LOL.
Honestly, didn't even know it was against the law for the kiddos to have a lemonade stand. I guess those little rascals got one over on me! LOL.
Honestly, didn't even know it was against the law for the kiddos to have a lemonade stand. I guess those little rascals got one over on me! LOL.
That's actually pretty funny. Very clever.
Very interesting. I, of course, don't have anything to claim, but I learned there are a lot of people with my last name in Texas.
I dunno why anyone who doesn't compete in his bracket care. I'm literally never going to have a professional match against him, so let him and his entire bracket so whatever. If he gets caught doing something against the rules, then he's a big boy, he can take the consequences like an adult. I, for one, refuse to get bent out of shape for the decisions, no matter how poor they may be, of other people that have zero effect on my life.
I remember the first time I caught a blue belt when I wasn't quite at blue yet. He was a monster blue and always destroying me. I got lucky somehow slapped on a desperate triangle and finished with the armbar from triangle. When he tapped I was stunned....and terrified. The rest of the night was a blur of me tapping over and over again. Fucking brutal. LOL
Don't see why it should. I don't personally compete in either of those either, so it would not effect me in any way. As I've said before, if he breaks a rule and gets caught, that's on him. I'm personally for steroid use in professional sports. Even with steroids you have to put in the work. I think it's more entertaining watching freaks put on a show. The freakier the better. But that's just my opinion. I, of course, don't idolize or put any special consideration on them or expect much more than entertainment out of them.
Just imagine, when they are all actually extinct, this will be the only way to we them and remember they even existed. Then, in a few hundred years, someone is gonna maybe dig it up and then people of the future will argue about whether or not the holograms depicted real animals or just CGI created them. Very similar to how we argue about the hieroglyphs and statues and even fossils of ancient extinct creatures we find today.
Sure. Because all that can't be taught at home, by parents. Let's skim over the whole parental responsibility of raising children and blame the school system whom we just assume are raising your kids for you.
Tell me the chance of seeing that on tv or, even better, live doesn't stir a bit of interest. Catch some roid-o's head after it gets knocked off like a Yankees foul ball. C'mon. Not even a little interest in seeing that? PPV would be off the charts.
Nah, I'm cool. Boston ain't for me. LOL
Making myself go. Not quitting. Not being able to do what I want all day every day
Well...paralyzed isn't DEAD....so there are a lot of variables right now that we just haven't examined yet.
Ok. Whatever you say big cheese.
That's right. If you aren't involved or are not in any way in direct effect, why do you give so much of a shit? It's not your body. You definitely should have zero input On what other people do with themselves. It's a matter of mind your own Fucking business. You aren't the one suffering any consequences for what they do to themselves. Your self entitled, overly self righteous ego gets in the way and you think you have a vote on what you have zero participation in. Well you don't. They don't care what you think. They are going to do what they want and you matter shit all. To their decision making process. Hard pill to swallow, I know, but go ahead and go fuck yourself. Again, I don't care.
I liked the Warhammer books, mainly the Blood Angels series.
Tea
Yup.
Attitude adjusting orgasm
One female medium haired black house cat One male pure bred English bulldog
I live in the apartments near Skillman and Abrams. Power came back last night. Looked like everything is getting back in order.
My wife had a planet fitness membership that we had to go in personally to cancel after we moved. Luckily we didn't move across country So it wasn't a big deal, but that we couldn't do it over the phone or email pissed me off. What if you moved across the country and couldn't get back to go in person? They're just going to keep charging you? Craziness.
Chicken and waffles?! He refused that?! Deserves to lose. JK, but seriously...I'd go anywhere offering that.
Crossbow
Oh goodness. Well they are out in force working hard everywhere to get things working. We were told we wouldn't have power til maybe Thursday/Friday. Hang in there!
I absolutely love Raven Rash guards, So much that I have 3 and they were the hardest ones to pick when I can't afford to buy them all, and they are my workhorses. I had no idea they did this with their gi's, they had such a limited selection when I last looked at their site, which I suppose was longer ago than I thought. Amazing.
We went to breakfast on Monday morning in Garland and saw trucks from energy companies we never heard of before. I'm sure they put out an emegency call to everyone they could in the surrounding areas and they showed up in force. First responders always get credit for being heroes, but these people are literally coming to the rescue! I thank every one I see.
Ugh, this happens to me way too much
What do you like to do for exercise? What are your limitations?
So tell me about "noods" and how much/many does it take to get one's ass eaten?
That's literally the only explanation.
So there's no set price for the eating of ass, just whatever the owner of said ass that is to be eaten determines, but the preference is noods, however much/many the receiver deems worthy. Very interesting
I agree fully. It was so great to get word at work that I was going to have power when I got home. Living in an apartment with no power, no AC, sucked. Especially since we had no other option than to shelter in place. It wasn't all terrible tho. Grillin and chillin in the lamp/candle light, cooler of beer, LOL like camping!
I always found that when you find a way to workout that you enjoy, it sticks better and you're able to get more out of it. Like runners like to run, but there are different ways, long distance endurance runs, obstacle course runs, group runs, sprints, marathons, etc. Others dig cross fit types of workouts, some, like me enjoy martial arts, particularly grappling/Jiujitsu, others like to lift weights. By limitations I mean physical. Like previous injuries, bum knee/shoulder/elbow/back, bad respiratory system, or just ugly (kidding, that's my excuse lol) I saw someone recommend gladiator, I have not been able to personally check them out, but I've seen them advertise at expos, they look amazing. Dallas is full of so many options it's crazy. I'm sure you'll find something. If not, hit me up, I go to white rock lake for a sad jog every now and then, when I'm not finding a mat somewhere to stimulate murder with strangers (BJJ) good luck!
Or BJJ
Oh hell yeah they are. In my opinion they are superheroes! I'm thanking every one I see for sure. I would like to see some kind of community event after all this is back to normal to collectively thank and appreciate all the hard working men and women who got Dallas back on their feet.
Oh my goodness that's scarey as hell!
I'm not much a drinker usually, but the times called for a few cold ones for sure! LOL
Damn that was an unexpected flashback today, thanks for that...also...let me know where if you find it.
&gt;just let me bust out my fucking DNA profile... This made me LOL for real.
And that's one way to make a terrorist of an otherwise average person trying to live their life with the shit they've been given. Still funny tho.
Cats are not loyal. Little mfers
I guess that's a valid point, I just worry you may be taken advantage of at some point when someone gives less noods than what a proper ass eating deserves. There has to be some quality control market price to ensure the quality of ass eatery is equal to nood quantity. Unless you receive noods first, then give ass eating, in which case that would be a way of mitigating the potential to over eat an ass for little payment of noods on the back end, thus keeping it fair. Less noods, less effort, more noods, more effort. It's a shady market out there my dude/dudette, protect yourself, get what you're worth!
Worth it.
Worth it.
Out loud? "It's ok, I'll just drown it in soy sauce and spicey shit, I'm sure it'll be fine."
Shorter than me. Maybe same height, but for some reason I don't go for taller.
I'm still nostalgic as hell over Disney's Robin Hood. It was just an awesome, fun, goodhearted movie.
A megabudget He-Man and The Masters of the Universe! But, maybe not totally fuck it up this time.
And Karen
There's one of eating citrus in the shower.
Lunch was catered, Asian, some of what I was given was questionable. I
People out there are Fucking weird. LOL
No, the food was Asian. Lol not me. Sorry.
I also got deep into a convo about eating ass for noods. Riveting. https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/bzzwak/ex_notracists_what_made_you_change_your_mind
Rimjobsteve is my new obsession...thank you. Lol
r/showerorange
Now that just makes sense.
What an idiotic statement
Yeah that's 100% not even remotely true.
Money, food.
Well that'll clear everything right up.
I expected nothing less from the comments section, on reddit, on a question like this. It was either this or drew Barrymore during the filming of ET.
I commented a link to a video that emphasised the subject of the thread.
Onions.
What was their defense, "just look at her, your honor. How drunk do you think we got?!"?
Whatever the motive, that was the absolute WRONG building. Worked there a few years ago, as security, and let me tell you about a shitty place to think you're gonna get away with attacking. Not only do you have contract security who are all veterans, but then you have ATF, FBI, Marshalls and DHS/FPS, plus ICE. That moron wasn't making it far, trust that.
LOL pretty much.
He gave up quickly because there was no doubt a hail of gunfire from the screening guards at that entrance. There's 4-5 armed security at both entrances. He was fucked the second he appeared
You shut your whore mouth
Hot dogs are "technically" types of sausages, soo...I'd guess pretty common in some European countries?
Running is good for running and cardio depending on what type of running you're doing. Is it good for BJJ? Very debatable with no shortage of opinions about it within the community. Doesn't exactly hurt. I like incorporating running...ok...like is a strong word...I have to incorporate it into my workout plans due to my chosen profession and the need to be able to run decently. I find it helps the overall cardio conditioning that supplements my BJJ fitness appropriately. Still a different cardio system, I feel, being utilized between running and rolling, but it's all good.
I wash in a washer, dry in a dryer. I've never had any issues with any of my Gis.
Maybe it had throat cancer and had to have one of those throat tubes.
Captain America because scurvy.
Kuwait, Iraq, Syria, Iran, Turkey(airport), Germany(Airport), Ireland(Airport and a small hotel in Shannon), Kosovo, Macedonia, Albania, Bulgaria
Yeah. I, too, feel this is a personal, very pointed question.
Biting my nails.
Thanks, I hate it.
Good. Now do the responsible thing, run them over.
#humblebrag
Kinda disappointed in reddit, more than 6 minutes and no anal sex answer.
Report it to an employee/manager. Or, call them out on it.
I like seeing what's new
We would go our separate ways.
That's why it's called the Arnie face. I have Arnie face every, single, workout.
This my new threat to people who say stupid shit around me. Reddit has ruined me publicly
Great read, great journey. Thanks for sharing and congrats on the promotion!
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
Money. And the lack of it in my possession at any given time.
I love how this is always coming up. Never let them forget.
Sincerely demanded
Been steady training for 4 years. I'm obsessed. I was in the Army and was only able to get deep into the combatives program late in my career. BJJ will give you a huge leg up as there is a lot of it's influence in MACP. I certified level 2 in the army and started training the grappling/jiujitsu stuff for about 3 years before I got out and was able to dive into BJJ. 4 years later and I still love it. It's become a huge part of my life outside the military.
If we are going by just the movie as a reference, he technically lost as he and all 300 of his men died. AFTER he died, the rest of the Army showed up to win.
"American size dudes" Ha! Love it.
Lucifer, and I react by moving out of, and staying as far away from LA as possible.
This answer is by far the best out there to such a question. Nice.
It quiets the inner ramblings, gives focus. Sets my mood. Redirects negative thought processes.
No. You killed someone. Don't care what the reason, you pay for your crime. You don't get to ask for mercy. You didn't have mercy when you killed someone in cold blood. Nothing but your self made you attack other people and there is no guarantee to society that you won't "lose it" again the very next time someone "disagrees" with your views. That's a textbook danger to society.
Solid one.
Oh he definitely held his own for a good time. Bad-freaking-ass.
Cheers indeed.
Irritation/agitation Just an overwhelming feeling of frustration at everything in my life
r/thanosdidnothingwrong
That's really odd.
I saw the two free episodes they try to reel you in with when it first came out. Loved it. Just didn't love it enough to pay for YouTube. I'll wait til it eventually makes it's way to the free market.
Ugh. 100% didn't need the 2:05min of whatever that was to get to the total trash you created. Amusing peice of trash tho. Little clean up, total redo of the finishing and maybe an actual singer....could really have something here. Good job.
I must disagree with you and bring to your attention the definition of vehicular manslaughter and second degree murder: vehicular manslaughter n. the crime of causing the death of a human being due to illegal driving of an automobile, including gross negligence, drunk driving, reckless driving or speeding. second degree murder n. a non-premeditated killing, resulting from an assault in which death of the victim was a distinct possibility. He used a vehicle, to assault and cause intentional harm to people, as a weapon, and killed someone. The vehicle in this instance can and should be categorized as a lethal weapon. That's murder 2. And that is 15 to LIFE (in one or more states anyway)
Ah shit! Code blue! Hit the floor!
I particularly enjoyed the gradual taking of responsibility for starting the fire. Lol
Outstanding!! We are so stoked down here!
Aggressive
Yeah, not really. Getting there, maybe. I'm blessed to have what I do, for sure, but it feels like it's all on the razor edge of catastrophe. Like no safety net/wire, all a flimsy house of cards until I land that career.
It's not. It's a GAME
I have 5 gis but only really use 2 regularly. 1 is a competition gi, and another is a collection type, just for my own keeping. The other one not being used is a gi none of my training partners like me to wear, it's a different lightweight material, hard to grip. Gonna start using that one again tho cuz it's getting hot!
Galleria
Fired or quitting with passion? Lol Good to see Brosnan Security really stepping up to the task. Lol
Wtf?! That's uncalled for.
Well I'm hoping he gets life, if that's on the table. Dirty motherfucker.
Switched to Metro last week. Honestly, I was super skeptical, given I'm a die hard Verizon customer....but I've actually been getting better service with metro. Hate admitting that, but that's just what I'm experiencing so far
Anchovies AND pineapple?! My God, what have you unleashed on this earth?! Kill it with fire!!
The next paycheck.
Cost of living is crushing me right now.
So awesome. I love piranha feeding frenzies
Ok. So...did she?
Well shit. That sucks. Time for a new tudor
Limp Bizkit - Faith
Is that a green belt I spy?! Someone is Ribeiro affiliated, woop woop!
Ha ha! Yeah, all of lovato affiliated gyms are awesome!
Good
Boooo
That's really awesome. Thank you for your support.
For one, make sure you reach out and communicate this to the friend/training partner. For two, I will never understand why it matters what gym someone trains at and why anyone would try to deny crosstraining. He just trains somewhere else, he's not dead, he didn't lose his freedom. He just chooses to give his money to someone else for their product, how does that mean he isn't allowed or able to train with other people outside that gym? That's dumb. Gym loyalty is great and all, I mean, I love my gym and the people I call family in it, but I go where I want and train with whoever I wish, end of the day I'm still a student of my professor. People drink some weird Koolaid in this world
Having the issue with no day classes near me. I have to get my training in with team mates who can come in in the morning, which isn't many and isn't exactly a structured class. All classes/open mats are evening classes. I happen to work evenings. For now.
Didn't even read, just gave an upvote for title. Agreed.
Theres a brown belt from another gym that shows up to our open mat sometimes. He's a special kid. Doesn't need to be wearing that color belt. I feel the need to punish him for it every single time he shows up. When I met him I was a 2 stripe white belt and he was just a blue belt. And he is no where near a brown belt level now.
A very unpopular opinion
Security Officer. Specifically, tactical response and high threat interdiction. At least that's the job title. I stand around and walk around a lot watching people at a large corporate complex. It passes time and pays the bills until Hollywood calls.
Police S.W.A.T.
Not strong enough, she's caught in a sack! Seriously tho, congrats!
No. Just not all there. Kind of a awkward person, not handicapped in any real sense, physical or mental. Just kind of an idiot I guess would be the blunt way of putting it.
Because I'm perfectly fine with how nature made me.
I roll my eyes or shake my head while watching people do so many dumbfuck things. I'd say watching people push or pull with all their might on a door that does the opposite is a top one. Also, people walking around staring down at their phone and inevitably running into something or someone (who is no doubt doing the same thing.) And people who will not be able to operate a simple thing after literally watching someone operate it with zero issue before them.
Lol no sir. I call people special all the time, doesn't mean they are that kind of special. And I'm definitely not beating up any special needs kids. I'm an asshole, not a monster.
That was the most awesomely cheesy video ever. Lol love it.
Fighting
Well the important thing here is that you tried. And another favorite: you don't lose, you either win or you learn.
No. 5 years old was around the time when I was super into cops and ninjas. I am neither of those, so I would be unimpressed.
Prepare your future by taking care of everything you need to do at the earliest age possible. Certifications, schools, experience. Experience everything you can while you're young and able. Do not wait or put anything off.
Humblebrag
I was kinda dumb and mildly reckless in my 20's. Didn't do things the right way and kinda fumble-fucked my way through life on my own little tumbling journey. All is not lost yet, I'm still pushing forward. Also, didn't start ninja training til way late, didn't have money for it, so I'm way behind.
Been in a shitty weird mood/funk, seemingly for no reason, but I'm ok and can't really complain about much.
100% my brain.
Lol ok.
She doesn't look 9 little dude.
Bold to assume a reason is needed.
If you got a problem with Canada gooses then you got a problem with me and I suggest you let one marinate
Not trying or intending to be an insensitive asshole, but that's the kind of shit you keep to yourself and just be ok with as a personal thing. Who really needs to know this? No one that isn't participating.
Takedown: Firemans to side control to mount to choke/keylock Pull: Lasso to sweep to side control force the turn away seatbelts back take to choke/armbar
Good God damn! I need to learn this. Lol
Stay right where you are. I know a few "people" who will be interested in taking it off your hands.
Yeah I saw this episode of Lucifer, MFer is a demon now. Have fun with that.
No, but we tried while sitting on the toilet, all by ourselves, like a bunch of idiots. Thanks.
Well that got both informative and uncomfortable.
Oh boy, those tentacles. And his crazy clarinet abilities....just look at that face of jealousy on Patrick
This whole movie concept is a rollercoaster of emotion. I just think it needs to happen and it needs to be done right. Which is a risk for the company that produces it because it is going to have to be a very large budget.
Cool.
I think if I lived in a huge metro area like NYC I'd post all kinds of troll posters everywhere.
Just mad God didn't give him big PP.
The mental note of being through worse in worse places. I keep an index of all the most shitty places and things I've been through and can always compare where I currently am to what I've accomplished before. "It can always be worse. At least I'm not ___. Now THAT was bad."
Uhhh... well that's uncomfortable. Go smell women's bicycle seats like a normal old perv.
Wife is having a tough day, I'd really like to be home to make her a nice dinner ready for when she gets home from work.
Damn. Thatd be interesting. I loved seeing the Dark Crystal come back as a series on Netflix, seems like my whole childhood is circling back around.
That's superb shitty luck.
Trips me out when they say "if you retaliate after we attack you, we will REALLY attack you" Right. That's how this works. Just gonna let you hit us and not do anything about it, ya know, cuz we are afraid of what else you can do. Fuck out of here. Lol
GOOD MORNING!!
Hey I'm gonna punch you in the face, but I don't wanna fight you. I'm gonna hit you, but if you retaliate I'm gonna defend myself. What is this school yard bully bullshit? Lol that's not how this shit works.
Hey I'm gonna punch you in the face, but I don't wanna fight you. I'm gonna hit you, but if you retaliate I'm gonna defend myself. What is this school yard bully bullshit? Lol that's not how this shit works.
I bet you live a real comfortable life.
I'd be dead, wouldn't be mad about anything, wouldn't matter. But for the sake of argument, I guess I'd be mad I never had a child, never accomplished my career goal, never got a black belt in BJJ.
No. Just fucking no.
My dog goes apeshit for cheese.
I'm an armed security officer for a corporate campus. Formal title "Armed tactical response officer". I dont hate it, but it's mundane, boring, and very restrictive. I'm not really doing what I want to be doing.
Wait...who's the dino?
Yeah...the footage of the first attempt. This doesn't say shit about the footage from the successful suicide. Where is THAT footage?
4.5 years in and still obsessed with it.
Women's "armor", lol. Strange how so little has so many hit points.
Myspace.
Had a good training day the other day, NoGi, rolling with a Brown Belt after a few already tough rolls with a purple and a blue, was reaching exhaustion when during a scramble I just instinctively went for the heel hook, didnt catch it on the outside so from 50/50 transitioned it to the inside and before I get it locked he taps "woah woah, didnt know we were doing those". I felt really bad because I always want to be on the level every roll with everyone and hate if I do something out of bounds. It was all good, he was cool about it, but yeah, those leg attacks are there, gotta watch for it and make sure you're on the level with your training partners, let them know you have concerns about certain techniques on certain past injuries. Nothing wrong with saying "hey, watch out for this leg" or "right shoulder is acting funny, careful" and then be aware and quick to react with a tap if it gets there.
That's awesome.
No he admitted I caught it and he was stuck, he just want thinking about leg attacks because I'm a blue belt and we never discussed it. Normally we would cover the ground rules early in training, but we didnt, just went and when it presented I took it without really thinking, because he was a brown belt and we've trained before when he had a F2W match and leg attacks were green lighted. It's just a brain fart on his part, wasn't thinking about leg attacks. It happens. I've forgotten entire sequences plenty of times and just didnt go for shit that was there because I was wrapped up in something else. Our gym isnt HUGE about leg attacks, they aren't common. But, me being the degenerate mat bum that I am, I venture to heathen gyms from time to time at open mats and everything is game on lol so I don't think about it, especially when I'm exhausted and getting desperate.
Well eventually it is, if you sit around not doing what you need to do in order to do what you want, then doing what you want can pass you by. For just one example, if one wants to join the military and be a special forces badass. Theres a cutoff age to enlistment and if you get too old your body starts to break down, inhibiting your ability to sustain the training necessary to be Special Forces. But....I get what you're saying, and fortunately I'm still on the path to being able to do what I want to be doing....for now. I'll get there. ;)
I can definitely agree that everything should be on the table 100% of the time, unless of course we have some injuries that need care, but I can also agree that sometimes hobbyists of all colors around their waist just wanna get some specific work in with some limiting restrictions. Just the facts of the world that not all tournaments are equal, they differ in rule sets, and we all participate in our own journeys. I wouldn't advise getting used to getting leg locked or throwing down leg locks if the specific tournament you've paid money for doesn't allow them, you might not think about it and get unnecessarily DQ'd when you get in a tough spot and go for what's available. That sucks. I'm just a flexible mat bro tho, whatever you wanna do, I'm game, whether I know anything about it or not, guess I'll learn in real time! Lol. It's all good tho. I get where you're coming from, and I fully believe train as you fight. Not gonna hold back on anyone trying to kick my ass, so why do it in training? But, shit happens, the brain works the way it does, we train with rules, for safety and harmony and all that. Shit, I forget wristlocks are a thing all the time and get caught sleeping on them on the regular. I just laugh it off and on we roll.
Oh. Ok. Thought I lost my mind and was missing a character. Lol I'm dumb.
I've never defended the collar choke by pulling on my lapel under the gripped hand. That just seems weird to me and I cant think of any time anyone else has done that. The defense has always been to grip fight the hand with the grip and keep the hand from moving up the collar or taking the slack out. But I guess this is a good trick for people that defend like that.
I have a really bad habit about doing this when I'm sitting out a round, I'll see a good match and then inner "coach" just blurts shit out that I can see from my angle that the guys rolling dont see or maybe aren't doing. I have a very bad inner monologue, it comes out to outer monologue and mostly isnt REALLY meant for others but for me to verbally walk through what I'm seeing. I have been known to "coach" both people in a roll back and forth, it's weird and I know can be annoying, I always apologise and try to shut up, especially if what I'm saying doesn't work. I'm just weird, and like to be involved. I can get carried away. Sorry. Lol
Yeah, when I yell out something and it turns bad I'm like "oh shit, my bad, I'll shut up now" and then I go fuck right off. Lol
Ugh, it's the elevator fight fiasco all over again.
What a fucking idiot. The dumb shit bros do when liquored up. Lol
My biggest obstacle currently is that I have a job with a schedule that does not allow for my usual evening class schedule. So training is limited to open mats on weekends, or the good graces of people who invite me to train on random morning sessions. Also, I have severe budget limitations along with haphazard schedule conflicts with my significant other that limit even those days. So I'm left with having to cram morning workouts solo (runs, weights etc.) And motivation can run real thin.
That was wild
I can definitely get behind these points.
Yes I tape my arthritic fingers, no cup, yes I wear a mouth guard, no head gear/ear muffs.
As often as I can. I try to fit it into every single conversation. I do my very best to recruit as many victi-I mean people as I can. Fresh training partners aren't gonna find themselves to the mats! Lol
That's pretty weird.
Pretty much simultaneously. It's always been incorporated as just another aspect of jiujitsu. I prefer training in the Gi over NoGi, but I dont have issue with alternating between both during the week or even same day. Always have from day 1. It's always been presented as and considered all jiujitsu.
As a fellow blue belt expert, you raise some considerably good points here.
Oh. Wow. K.
Offer pineapple. Bow a lot. MANDATORY shaka. Gestures work better than words, since most of the time they will have headphones in, or their cauliflower ears muffle sounds.
Ooowww....my head...
OMG! I laughed too hard at this. WTF indeed.
Premarital sex, not even once. Have fun rotting in hell Beth.
I'd like to, but that idiot wisely removed that post. Couldn't find it at all. Fucking creep.
I know what you're saying and getting at, but I think when someone is stating that they pay for grading, promotions, stripes etc, they are talking about paying ADDITIONAL fees for such things on top of their monthly dues. Of course we are all paying for our progress. That's not what people are referencing. The "my gym charges $120/month and an additional $100 for each promotion/grading" is more in line of what people mean. I mean, no shit we all ultimately pay for our progression through monthly gym memberships, seminars and such, which rolls into our inevitable promotions.
No.
Increases strength and stamina.
Is it? Or is the image flipped?
Drain it, compress it, keep it clean, wear headgear if it bothers you that much.
No. Most schools already have wrestling. My experience is it may even raise more bullies who train over those who don't. Not every kid is going to train, whether not able to or no interest.
Corporate needs you to find the difference between these two pictures. Hint: there is no difference. Lol
I dont think so...
Not exactly, pixiefart212.
Oh go polish your AK Dimitri. Lol
Well, again, no shit. Of course it looks bad when you seperately and intentionally add on charges for specific itemization. No likes to get roped in with one price and then "whammy!" a sudden added fee. That's why people get pissy with DLC's in video games that require the separate purchases to move on in the game. You bought the game, you pay for subscription, why the fuck you gotta pay MORE for an upgrade you cant move on in the game without?! Same damn thing. That's why people get so bent out of shape and feel dirty for shelling out MORE money on top of whatever they already pay into this for advancement validation. I pay to learn this art, I donate monthly for lessons and maybe the occasional seminar, advancement should be included, not paying more specifically for validation that I'm getting better. Like, "you've been paying every month for a year and coming in regularly, for just another X amount I can give you a peice of tape or another color belt to tell you how good you're doing" that cheapens shit. I would rather hear "so the membership is XX and that includes regular advancement validation which covers peices of tape and pretty colored belts, along with clapping and a few good jobs."
So much to unpack with that...you have clearly no understanding of that ruling or how it has little to nothing to do with VA, AND there are even parts in there that negate everything you are trying to say. Just...stop.
Bow and arrow all day. There is nothing better than having the back, trapping your opponent, rendering them helpless and then slowly cinching in a wicked choke. It's such a god damned helpless position for the opponent. Especially when you trap one arm with a leg, lock down the other with a grip. The slower you apply it, the more evil and satisfying it is.
Regularly run into a gentleman in his early 60's at a local open mat. Brown belt, tough as nails. Goes harder than I could hope to, and I'm only 38.
I dont pass guard, and I don't pull out.
Not even remotely. Train wreck of a woman.
Ok rando anon reddit white knight. Thank you for your service to ms Lovato.
Ya know what? That's fair. I cannot argue that at all. Lol
What a fucking cuck. LOL
Accidentally. Slipped and fell on a dick again, didnt you Karen? Well damn it, I guess that's my bad.
Well...at least he knows where he's at.
Mom's are the best.
Not...untrue....but....nah I got nothing.
Always wondered what a solar system with a star like Sirius or Vega would be like, energy and heat wise. Like, what would the radiation effects be from a white star? Does it burn hotter and emit more higher intensity radiation than our yellow sun? What kind of magnetic reaction would it have with a planet, like how we get that Aurora borealis color light show, what would a larger white star do?
Every damn time.
Blah blah blah. Welcome to reddit.
That right there is the unfortunate goal of every collar drag. Damn.
Big time triggered. Lol
Sloth BJJ in Euless. Hands down.
Unfit and inflexible for sure, but I'm damn pretty, so I dunno how to relate to that lol. I just do my best. Tailor my game to a more deliberate, slower paced and more efficient strategy. I use my girth and strength for pressure, focus more on thinking my way through, only use bursts of speed with timed technique execution, slow down the aggressor and control the chaos. Of course I want to be more fit and flexible and able to do higher pace, so I do what I can to mix it up. Cardio, strength and conditioning, push the pace some days on the mat.
Was understanding the centipede, but when the scorpion dropped I was like WTF.
Maybe he's happy about that. "Damn right I made 0 friends. Fuck friends. Hell yeah, suck it Facebook."
I never thought these things were cool when I was a kid and I still think it looks stupid as an adult. Fucking trash people.
There are some fucked up fish out there. They eat whatever falls into the water. Highly doubt any of those things would actually HURT that particular fish.
I was successful in not scratching myself...so...yes?
I dig it.
Raven fightwear
That'll fix it. They better stop it. Dont make them write a strongly worded letter. /s
Nothing. They're a fucking joke.
It's just psychedelic, acid trippy gore and shock art. In my opinion anyway. I liked it. Dark and twisted humor. Gross out comedy. Not much of a plot that I give any credit to. Not exactly meant to expand or mature a cultured mind with higher educational benefit, that's for sure. I liken it to the days of MTV's liquid television back in the day.
Gynecologist. You think, "yeah! Vaginas and hot ladies all day!" But then you realize "oh no, only sick, yucky vaginas visit the doctor!"
Hungry AND horny.
Zero cash. Hardly ever carry cash.
Martial arts, specifically Brazilian jiujitsu.
People amaze me. The lack of that sense of any kind of danger. The equilibrium and balance. People can do amazing things, pushing through instinct and natural self preservation senses. Crazy. It probably took this person a good amount of time of training themselves to be comfortable with heights and reinforcing the ability to push their psychological boundaries to be able to do this comfortably.
Neat.
Brazilian Jiujitsu....and a lot of reddit.
That's really freaking cool
Oh god fucking damn it internet! Just did it. Ridiculous. The real wiki definition of Ninja is about 10 results down under some game playing youtuber. Ugh.
WHAT?! OUTRAGEOUS!! LOL jk
Awww, if she's serious she's lame. My wife LOVED the Extreme Midget Wrestling. She was the one that found it and recommended it. We had a blast!
Nice.
I still dont really know, didnt click on any of his links. Lol not my thing. Obviously pretty popular tho, so whatever.
Ha!
I could not agree more.
Garbage ass school. Nothing about a damn rainbow that is against anything "christlike". What they did is against Christ and his teachings. This is some bullshit and it's no wonder people shit on Christians. There's either way more to the story or that school is just absolute trash. She's better without it.
privetstvuy rodinu !!!!
I dont like the idea that I just talk to myself, because sometimes I answer back, and I'm not crazy, my mother had me tested. So...God, I'm talking to God.
That's personal. ;)
It sure does.
I really don't like to get anything more than a nice dinner, my lady in sexy lingerie and a few rounds of hot sex.
Doing alright. Woke up when I wanted to, had the morning sex, went to the gym, bought a homeless dude lunch, now I'm at work wasting 8 hours for money.
Well now I'm just always going to be skeptical. Way to ruin it for me. Sheesh.
Giggity
Very emotional interview. That man is pure passion for martial arts and competition.
Dont make any resolutions, so not bad. Lol still struggling, but progressing forward. Cant complain.
Wow! What a shake up. No doubts you got this. You have a marvelous support group and community in your corner. I cant wait to drop in to your new location. Honestly was never a fan of your puzzle mats lol. Keep the positive vibes up.
I dunno, I liked it. BJJ Box and Grapplers Toolbox. Has some interesting things I didnt know about. It's just a box of random samples. Didn't think it was anything to hate. I liked the soap, but yeah they did go heavy on soap. Should be called the BJJ soap box lol. When BJJ Box switched ownership and their price went up I was no longer interested. I do not appreciate when a small company builds themselves up from nothing, becomes profitable and then sells out immediately to a sharky company just looking to cash in. Felt dirty. I get it tho, I dont need a lesson in business, they did exactly what most every successful business strives to do. As a consumer, I would have appreciated them staying more true value, but they did what was in their best interest for their own futures, and that's respectable on that side of things.
That's cute.
Haven't heard of anyone from any of the gyms in my area popping hot for Covid. At least not the ones I train at and know people from. But who knows what has been reported or not? I would hope that would be something that would have been addressed in good faith to alert gyms, at least as a warning or a advisory against opening, maybe to be aware, but I havent heard of anything like that. We will keep monitoring and hopefully communicating amongst the community.
He's not wrong. Let's hope justice comes through.
Fact, logic, truth, letter of the law all matter nothing to people. Emotions have taken the wheel. Unfortunately, fact of law has no care for emotions. I get it, people are angry, but anger doesn't bend the law the way you want it.
Very big leap. Unfortunately, emotions have taken the wheel.
That's all we can do, just hope for the best.
Emotions have taken the wheel and all the fairness of facts and logic have been just about silenced. Sets a poor precedence in my humble opinion. I think there was a movie that had this type of thing where the public just upvoted or downvoted whether you were guilty based on if they liked you or not. We are headed that direction.
Very real possibilities.
Emotionally charged jumps like this seldom work out well.
Couldn't agree more. Emotions have taken the wheel on this. That seldom equates to a good outcome and sets a horrible precedent.
Agree 100%
That would entail these local legislators to admit they aren't doing their job and would risk losing their seats in lieu of people who would do their jobs better and more toward the will of the people, instead of instigating and pandering to emotional outcries that completely ignore facts and logic.
Oh hell yeah, she gone. Dont blame her, it would be insanity to stick with him. Her life is at risk. People are crazy.
Exactly right.
Not just a serious question, a very good question.
And if he walks....
I cant disagree, but with this insane emotionally charged public...will it be enough?
Ugh. Fucking Zimmerman. Dont get me started. Lol
Me neither.
I've read Minnesota state law on 2nd degree murder probably a dozen times trying to figure out how it's gonna stick...gonna be a clown show in that courtroom
Ugh. Fucking Zimmerman.
Should be a jury selection question: "do you have a Reddit account?"
Well if you DO watch enough COPS you should know innocent until proven guilty...they start and end every show saying it. Lol
Finding anyone who hasnt been effected by recent events and doesn't hold any trending bias has got to be a monumental task itself. I cant even imagine.
It will set a horrible precedent that you can be arrested, tried and sentenced based purely on trending bias and emotion. Guilty by public, not by trial.
When that officer in Dallas was on trial for shooting that man in his apartment, Dallas braced for the worst. Thankfully she got convicted and the worst didnt happen.
Gonna be an absolute clown show in that courtroom. And yeah, let's disband your entire police force right beforehand...smooth. lots of confidence going on there.
Agreed.
You're not wrong. Mistrials are handed out for less.
At this point, that's all we can do, just hope for the best.
You're absolutely right. Sad world isnt it?
And captain marvel will no doubt be off planet again. Loads of help she is.
That's a very good question.
With an entire police department being disbanded in an area that's plagued by high crime rate and this horrible trial about to go down....the only safe place is as far away as possible.
Well there is an uplifting headline. Right on.
I'm alright. 18 years of driving in all terrain known to man, all over the world, in a clunky humvee has made me decent. No accidents. Tactical driving instructor and certifier certified with the Army. Basically everything I know about driving and shooting came from the military. I got my license 2 weeks before I shipped to basic training, and only because it was a requirement for enlistment. So technically my driving skills were born in a wide range of military and emergency vehicles. Took a couple advanced driving courses and then started teaching. Like with anything though, could always be better.
The Hu has been my F'ing jam lately.
I have a wide range. 90's hip hop and gangster rap to Techno to heavy metal. Truly depends on my daily warrior mood.
So...no walk-ins on the cookie dusting? Damn.
Nothing stops a kid faster when in full barefoot sprint to the ice cream truck.
Honestly, it's a bad technique, but if he learned it and it was written as a safe technique in department policy, I see it very hard to convict based on the fact that if that was the case, how did he believe what he was doing would result in serious bodily injury or death? I believe that, in and of itself, is gonna be the make or break argument in court when going for any kind of murder charge that centers on intent. Theres a lot that surrounds it, but that is the core they need to argue the hardest in court.
Although I agree that things are and have been escalating to some ridiculous heights, I still think people that are so up in arms about our "tyrannical" government dont really understand what it is actually like living under a true fascist government. We are not nearly as close to the "take up arms and storm the capital!" mark as people on social media would theorize. All else has not been exhausted yet and I would caution, with examples and lessons of the past and present in nations that are 100% researchable, all out civil war and revolution would NOT be something anyone but power hungry warlords want.
Pretty and can handle a cow farm? Hello farmersonly.com! Fun story: I worked for a while as security for an immigration court. One case came in, German immigrant, expired Visa, she got scooped up. Originally married a soldier in Kansas, but he dumped and divorced her, kicking her to the curb. She finds this older gentleman in Oklahoma on Farmersonly.com. He's a cow farmer, lives alone, has a bit of a meth addiction. She actually cleaned him up, helps run his farm and genuinely takes care of him. The story as it unfolded was wild. Couldn't make it up if I tried. Nice lady. Judge granted her release and adjustment of status. Happy ending.
Two reasons: plethora of unlimited porn and one subreddit for my special interest/ hobby. Kinda got out of control from there.
Nailed it.
Try to remember the last time my mother said "do you want to get ants?! Because that's how you get ants!" And then figure out what she was talking about, because I don't listen to her. Why don't I ever listen to my mom!!
I dunno. Who?
Ha!
Divulge to my wife that I'm cheating on her (I'm not, but wouldn't matter, she'd believe me.) then start shooting out the windows at work. That should napalm the fuck out of both my personal and professional life in fantastic fashion.
Short skirts. Bohemian dresses. Yoga pants. Short shorts.
I've been trying to get onto a police department for 15 or so years. I've wanted to be a police officer my entire life, it feels like a calling. I graduated high school with less than average grades. No hope or money for college I joined the Army, military police. Did 5 years, deployed a few times, got a lot of good training and experience. When I got out I transferred to the Air Force reserve and used my GI bill to complete a 6 month police academy at my local community college. I ended up not getting hired by 3 departments, going nearly destitute trying, losing my car, my apartment, everything. The worst was my own hometown, where I was born and raised, rejected me for bad credit. My background investigator going through my background was even one of my instructors at the academy. Mind you, at the time I was 23, veteran, no criminal history whatsoever. No drugs, no nothing, not even a parking ticket. Just broke as fuck. I ended up back in the Army, deployed some more, gained more experience and training, getting married, finally got to the point where I could get out and try again, moved to a whole new area and still, not so much as a parking ticket in my criminal history. One incident of a fight between myself and another soldier where I caught some paperwork, but that was it. Still no drugs, no crimes, all honorable service. Last 5 years I'm 0-7 in applications to departments in and all around a major metropolitan area. Rarely anyone says why, one says it was my fight while I was in the Army. I keep trying because I want to be one of the good cops that pushes the bad ones out. I know I can make a difference and actually help people. Until one finally gives me a chance, I work all levels of security and do my best to help however I can, and I continue to train and gain knowledge and experience, learning from every incident. I dunno if that's relevant to what you asked, but I feel like I havent been treated fairly by any department that desperately needs good officers that are willing and capable of doing this extreme job properly, and could be an asset to minimize the horrible mistakes that get made by these bad or just untrained, burnt out people. Hurts to see another bad cop in the spotlight blackening the eye of law enforcement while I sit here on the sidelines, ready and willing but cant get hired for some ridiculous unknown reason.
Meh, he's single, wouldn't work. It would be more damage my way. I'd not only get fired, I'd go to jail, gain a record and be ruined career-wise for life. Just pissing my boss off will just get me fired. Hit the double whammy with piss off and go to jail. I'll actually temporarily be happy with jail after telling my wife I'm cheating on her. No telling how bad that murder suicide would be.
Oh I thought you knew who and were just seeing who knew.
Last 5 years has been a rocky as hell ride. I tried for the main city department before I left active duty in 2015. Traveled, did the whole application process, figured it for a slam dunk, everything looked good. Got the rejection letter the day we were packed and moving down. Crushed me and sent us into a tailspin. Took a bit, and there were some definite up and downs but we are cruising level at the moment and despite many setbacks and rejections we are ramping up to try again, COVID willing. All testing has been shut down so as soon as it opens back up it's back at it.
I thank you
Metal
Oh yeah? Visited China lately? Iran? Lol our prison system really does suck tho.
So no, not statistically, just emotionally.
Telegraph was a french invention.
Oo, sorry, we are only the 12th fattest peices of shit in the world. Hey top 15 ain't bad! https://worldpopulationreview.com/countries/obesity-rates-by-country/
Oo, sorry, we are only the 12th fattest peices of shit in the world. Hey top 15 ain't bad! https://worldpopulationreview.com/countries/obesity-rates-by-country/
Oo, sorry, we are only the 12th fattest peices of shit in the world. Hey top 15 ain't bad! https://worldpopulationreview.com/countries/obesity-rates-by-country/
Gun ownership: absolutely! Woot! Gun deaths: nope. Brazil got us beat https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2019/aug/06/dianne-feinstein/fact-check-are-there-more-gun-deaths-far-america-a/ Obesity: only #12 https://worldpopulationreview.com/countries/obesity-rates-by-country/ Starting wars: meh... maybe. We technically didnt start either world war, we were dragged into it or attacked. Iraq started. Wont even argue that. Fuck Saddam Hussain. Afghan can be debated to death over whether 9/11 was an act of war. Vietnam wasnt a war it was a conflict and we really technically didnt start it, just got involved. Korea wasnt our war, we were brought into it. Desert Storm, again, not technically our war, brought into it by Kuwait and the UN/NATO. Honestly the only real all out declared wars we started full out was the revolutionary war and the civil war. Everything else we have ever been involved in was either not a "War" but a conflict, policing action or a war we were brought into by other nations.
Back to back reigning world war champions!! Oooooohhhhh yeeeeaaahhhhhh brother!
We seem that way, but let some foreign asshat try some shit on US soil. Come together real quick.
Obesity: only #12 in the world People incarcerated: yup. Gun deaths: nope. That's Brazil. Military: most high tech, modern, all volunteer fighting force in the world, hell yeah baby! Militarized Police: dont even know what that means, gonna say not. Police and Military are wildly separate, and it shows drastically when they are outgunned by street thugs. Dont try any shit on German streets, Polizei will wreck your world. Their police is their military. Military bases: maybe. We are spread all over, but also scaling down drastically Wars: back to back world war champs! Ooooohhhh yeeeaaahhhh brother! Claiming to be free: well, I dunno, we are pretty free despite all the psycho shit our media and government are trying to mindfuck us about. Free is more a state of mind than ability to just do whatever the fuck you want. What I consider free isnt the same as my neighbor who may view being free as not having to witness or put up with I consider freedom. Is what it is I suppose. &gt;Obesity, people incarcerated, gun death, guns, military, militarized police, military bases, wars, claiming to be free when we're not. Shall I continue?
I know, with everything the media is hyping and everything going on this is gonna be wildly unpopular, but you're actually wrong. https://worldpopulationreview.com/countries/most-racist-countries/ India. Yeah. US is no where near the top of the list.
Yeah, we cant even be the best at being fat! Lol
The same telegraph road that intersects dreary lane? Do you know the muffin man?!
We enjoyed having you! And for all those watching at home, remember if you're gonna be the best at something, don't be the best at being the Worst!
Nope. Only 12th in the world.
https://worldpopulationreview.com/countries/obesity-rates-by-country/
The muffin man.
Oh I know the muffin man. Dude owes me tree-fiddy.
Dont think I watch any shows or programs that have any of that anyway. Lotta shows out there that didnt age well. Personally im not hung up on rewatching shows in general, and if I really want to watch something there is always a way.
Toss up between Ireland and Brazil
In a simplistic, utopian sense of logic, such a world would function robotically and very bland. But in a realism sense of logic such a world would be a fucking nightmare that would not last long at all. The human brain would go haywire and people would struggle, maybe even violently if it came to it, to find individuality and separate themselves in any way they could. Individualism is a strange anomaly found in the human species that drives nearly everything in our society from mating to advancements in technology and even creative processes.
There's naked people on that site. They say bad words and touch each other inappropriately. I even heard the gays are on there too! Despicable.
Not exactly "police brutality" but in OIF, as an MP unit, we received a detainee that had just been brought in by an infantry unit. He was captured after throwing a grenade over a wall where some soldiers were posted. Minor injuries, no one died, but the act was meant to be lethal. He was chased down and caught and wasnt in great shape when he got to our detention point. Obviously he caught some emotional shots for his actions. Handcuffed and being taken out of the transport vehicle, one of the sergeants on our team who heard what this guy did pushes through a group of us and just lays this guy out with a haymaker punch to the face. Couple of us had to grab him and get him away. It took me by surprise. To me, there was never a need to do anything physical to a detainee that was completely under control and fully surrendered, no matter what they did. Emotions always play a huge factor and yeah, one can argue the environment of war versus domestic policing, but to me there isnt a difference. It sucks, but you can literally watch someone shoot your friend and others but as soon as they surrender there isnt shit you can or should do other than take them in. They say it's what separates us from the bad. We follow the rules to be better than our enemies. I've, myself, been in situations where I've had gun drawn, safety off, finger on the trigger and in a split second had to keep from shooting because the subject surrenders. Had my hands on a violent criminal, an enemy, and couldn't do anything because they complied and were in my care. I could have been brutal, given a little extra, but it would have been brutality and it goes against the rules of engagement. Then of course, we get back to Police Brutality and we have to understand that theres a level of perception from the outside observer there. What looks like brutality could be just violence of action to overcome resistance or noncompliance. Unless you are in the fight, you really don't know what that officer is feeling with that person they have to take into custody. It can get very foggy very quick. There are more than plenty of examples of brutality and it takes training and understanding to keep from crossing that line. It's not a solid line by any means, situations are very fluid. My hope is that when a situation of police brutality happens, the officer is removed from service and other officers use that situation as a learning tool, gain knowledge and experience in how to not get to that point and how to mitigate not only how you handle a situation but how it is perceived. Humans can not be perfect no matter how much knowledge you stuff them with, how much training you give them, how much experience they gain or what their job is. But you can always strive to be better and learn and expand and we can weed out the bad and use their mistakes to expand and lift up the good.
Phew. That was close. Someone on the marketing team was sweating over that one.
Stock photos crack me up. What trash. watermarks like someone would steal this trash and claim it as their own. Lol GTFO.
That's just really good advice that, honestly, I'm a little worried there needs to be a sign for. They say every sign has a story behind why the sign was needed.
*dismantled. Not changed.
None. No other species has the same or even remotely similar brain anomalies as humans. Apes are close, but still wildly far away from whatever the hell is going on and still minimally understood in the human brain.
Tagging themselves in on social justice issues to connect with what is trending and stay relevant to the target consumers. Fake ass, pandering capitalists. "We're behind you! Please continue to buy our product! Look we even made a special edition thing that we will donate proceeds from, claiming that juicy tax break for charity, that shows just how much we care!"
Food. Not groceries.
For one, I like guns. They're neat and I just enjoy them. For two, they are far more effective than a pointy stick when someone bad threatens the life of myself or others I care about. I spent a very good number of years learning and gaining skills with guns. They're important to me because no one on this planet can guarantee my safety. Too many bad people have guns, knives, tools of serious bodily injury or death and are all too willing to use them to take what they want. They are too easily obtained through illegal means, and too readily available to the wrong people. That problem has not been shown to be slowed down or stopped, so im going to keep my guns, and just stay out of everyone's business. Would be super cool if everyone else did the same.
It causes metal to oxidize and rust. Imagine what that's doing to your insides!
In Houston, Dallas and other areas that have seen increased hospitalizations, “we need to drill down and find out exactly why that is,” Abbott said. Really? Gotta "drill down" to find out why? Really gonna need to assemble the top minds of our century to figure something out that takes literally two seconds to look out a fucking window to get? Unbelievable.
Shit. Now I gotta go find out what the fuck happened with Paw Patrol
A massive number of serious injuries in the home happen in the bathroom. Multiple water outlets in one room. Coincidence? I think not.
This shit legit makes me sick to my stomach. https://www.nytimes.com/2020/06/10/arts/television/protests-fictional-cops.html
You freaking better.
Good fitting mouth guard Water bottle, preferably with water. Dont forget your towel.
A Cluck?
No balsamic?! You animal! Looks good.
I miss not being subjected to every BS life event of random people. I miss not knowing about a lot of really fucked up things that I have absolutely nothing to do with yet get pressured to feel guilty about or apologize for. I miss not knowing if someone was insanely ignorant. I miss privacy, people minding their own fucking business and keeping shit to themselves. All I really want are a few entertainment activities but it comes with all this incredible garbage that cannot be avoided.
I'll take..."Things that never happened" for 100, Alex.
I think it's super interesting how inflammatory and polarizing the opinions of it are. It was never anything that ever crossed my mind until I was surprised by the intense feelings it dredges up on social media. I was circumcised when I was born. I never had any issues, and still don't, with it. So incredibly fascinating what people will go to war over.
Considering there are people who have dedicated years of educational study on the subject, earning doctorates after nearly a decade or more of work and study.....and they still have no idea...good luck. Lol seriously though, highly doubt there are shortcuts to full understanding, but simple study of basic economics can help understand a little of the surface. It's super complex and a little confusing sometimes.
It's entertaining sometimes.
Really enjoyed some of my posts when I was doing contract personal security. Especially the executive details. Catered lunches, comfortable conditions, fancy cars, nice suits. Just stand around and look mean. Obviously other, more in depth, security detail work to ensure site and principal security was involved and I really enjoyed that too.
I'm originally from where the Sierra Nevada brewing company is. Neat! Grew up keg standing on and chugging pale ale til I puked. Good times
r/realahegao You're welcome. Enjoy.
WarZone.
And now they serve tacos. Wtf is up with that? Just gonna throw away years of marketing war against the Bell?! Traitors.
That Jesus. Knows quality lunch time peanut butter.
Crashed the wrong parties homie. Lol
Sure. I play as much as I can on weekends.
I like the spirit, but why do these people have to go the extra wide left field with their shit? Lol
When I was a kid we had a family movie outing to see Candy Man. That shit fucked me up for a bit. Later on in my childhood I gained an irrational fear of werewolves after watching Silver Bullet. Still my favorite werewolf movie tho.
Black Hole Sun - Soundgarden
Beside the point but that is still my favorite scene in any of the avengers movies. "Puny God" lmao
Really difficult to wrap one's mind around how absolutely vast our universe truly is.
Dismissing my alarm. Woke up late, felt like a train wreck, didnt get anything I wanted to do done.
Punctuality. I hate being late to things. I have a 10 to 15 minute habit. I'm always early to every appointment. Has never failed me.
Being able to have my own shit. Mostly do whatever I feel like. And sex is awesome.
Only one thing really, the blissful ignorance of innocent childhood. Wish I was oblivious and didnt know all the world bullshit I have learned and know as an adult.
Answered this before, dunno why it keeps popping up. The answer is NONE. No other species on this planet has the same brainwave activity as humans. Apes are close, but still far away from the logical sentience of humanity. There are so many things going on in our brains we still dont know how or why we are the way we are.
The world is HUGE. You are not the center of it. There will be millions of people who will not agree with you, and some violently. If you produce nothing to the world, the world will have no use for you. You are owed absolutely nothing. Absolutely nothing is free, every single thing costs something. Some things cost less than other things, this does not have anything to do with value. This world has been here for billions of years before you and will be here billions of years after you are gone, you wont even be a memory to it. Nature will always find a way to do what it must do. Balance is an illusion, a tissue paper thin treaty that can be ripped through in less than a moment should anything desire to tip it in it's favor. Humans are animals. Complex, "evolved" and insanely intricate, but still animals nonetheless. We will all die. We are not impervious to death and whatever control we think we have to prolong life is a joke. People have the capacity to do amazing, brilliant things should one dedicate their lives to it. However, individuals are only capable of so many "brilliant" tasks in their lifetime. A monk can spend his entire life achieving perfect spiritual harmony...but will never be able to cure a disease or innovate a ground breaking technology at the same time, just as a brilliant innovator will not be able to achieve perfect spiritual harmony while innovating the next great technology. Taking on multiple tasks will have costs taken from each task. Solving one problem will inevitably create another. There is absolutely nothing perfect about this world, everything is just doing it's best. What you see and what I see will always be different.
Everything has water in it, so basically by still needing a drink you would still need water, it's just what you would rather be getting that water from. I choose coffee, or tea.
Shower sex
I got a trophy when I played little league baseball. We were the last place team at the end of the season but still got a trophy and a pizza party. I thought that was lame and never played again.
Fucking yum. Grilled. The Elvis special.
Mind my own business. Stay out of shit I have nothing to do with. Stay alert and aware of my surroundings at all times. Always be armed (not always with a gun) Be a hard target. Have an escape plan for every situation. Always think through everything by looking at things from multiple logical angles. The obvious answer isnt always the right/safest course of action. Be better. Better than the worst around me. Better than the me of yesterday, better than whatever comes against me.
People. Seems like a weird trend amongst the richest of the rich having literally nothing else to buy so they dabble in the human traffic arena. Cant see myself ever doing that.
You're not MEANT to, but stands to reason you aren't statistically going to enjoy 100% of the duties of any job. There are always gonna be things we have to do that we aren't going to enjoy.
So freaking cool
Funny how the wealthiest and most well connected can be some of the scummiest douchebags. Almost feels like this plays out and proves itself in other circles and with other incidents of villainy. Hmmmm.....
Work.
Minimum $25/hr, minimum 4 hour work day. Certifications, equipment, qualifications, references and type of work required based on the median average of someone in similar job market/field with similar qualifications and experience.
Nice
Strangely curious about how a nice buttermilk batter and deep frying would turn out.
That I get paid too much to do nothing. I dont get paid for what I do, I get paid for what I'm willing to do. You pay for insurance. You never have to use it, but you still pay for it. Til one day something bad happens and you need it and thankfully you paid all the premiums and got more than your money's worth.
They don't? That's weird.
Tacos are my favorite food, but I live in Texas, so tacos are normal. I would say Sushi is an easy answer. I'd have to go in horrible memory detail to describe the Korean dish I was obsessed with during my time in South Korea so I'll spare the rambling.
George Washington. Reluctant leader. Didnt campaign, was just selected. No party, in fact was adamant about political parties being horrifyingly corrupt and a danger to the nation. Hated pretty much everything and warned everyone about what is going on today. Truly wanted no part in politics or government.
Like I got dragged by a truck through the back roads.
Not a lot of people had to do a history report on him I suppose. Lol he was a very interesting man.
I'm trying out for a new job. I'm getting back into my hobby. I'm moving up!
Mercenary.
Fucking love it
Absorb the knowledge of others by licking them. Ok, I'm interested.
Teleportation is my top go to among the super powers that are the most useful. Being able to blink yourself anywhere at any time could do so much. Never miss an appointment, never get caught anywhere bad. Just absolute freedom of maneuver.
Have trained and rolled a bit for the last few weeks, 2-3 days a week if I'm lucky. Was out for a whole 2 months during lockdown. Actually pleasantly surprised my technique is still there, I'm able to move and hold my own and execute my game. Cardio conditioning is abysmal.
If I stop and think about it, I can see how the bravado and ego of mat dudes can be towards learning primarily from a female, but for me I couldn't care less who is teaching as long as they're teaching.
Had to make a rough text to my instructor of 5 years informing him that I will be signing up to train at another gym temporarily, out of desperation to train through this terrible conflicting schedule of work and life in general. My home gym only has evening classes and is struggling to stay afloat with just that. I work evening shift Monday through Friday and can't make regular classes. This other gym is an amazing gym, it's close to work, and has 2 Gi day classes a week right before work making it perfect to train and go straight to work. To be honest, if I lived closer, this gym would be my primary gym, but I don't and I absolutely love my home gym. I had been doing drop ins for a little while, once or twice a week, paying the day rate, and hoping something would shake up and change. Maybe a regular day schedule at my gym, shift swap or a new job. Weighed it out painfully, talked it over with the wife, the other gym instructor is totally cool about it, even has a good relationship with my home gym instructor. Decided to take the jump, but thought it would be only right to let my instructor know what's up and where my heart lies. Of course he was super cool about it and I signed up. It's crazy. Just something going on with me.
Orally
Holy schnikes what a dumpster fire. That letter is insane! If I got that letter I'd lose it big time. Wow. Lol
What a dumpster fire. Wow. This shit boggles my mind sometimes.
Obviously there are people in the world who have absolutely no clue about the history of the Nazi's post world war 2. Where did you think they all went? South America was a huge mecca for these assholes. They were setting up camps all over Brazil, Argentina, Venezuela, Peru, etc. Before their fall they were planning to invade north america by way of south America. They had enormous influence and produced a generation of people who are absolutely the most kookoo for cocoa puffs bunch of racists ever. Brazil is full of racists. It is absolutely no shock to me that a Brazilian is being racist or quoting nazis. This dude is just a normal boomer Brazilian to me. Screw him.
Ok.
Gyms are open, cautiously of course. I dont get a chance to train much anyway due to my schedule, but I've been able to get 2 days a week in here and there. Only one gym reported someone testing positive and they shut down to deep clean again, I havent trained there since before the big shut down. Until they trace gyms being the cause of the spike, which they haven't, I guess I'm just gonna keep showing up until they are forced to shut down again. Then I'll go back to my deep depression. Everywhere I've gone has taken extra measures to ensure cleanliness.
