I understand thinking "dude why do you care" about the guy in the OP, but why do -you- care
"Finally reached 38 scrobbles"
Hopefully that second is in like 75 years
Thank you so much for this!! However, I'm having trouble connecting: When I choose to show QR code, it's not coming up with my actual IP address, just the normal generic 192.168.2.1 and then a seemingly random bit of gibberish/code. Any idea what I can do about this? The reason I ask is because the app is unable to establish a connection with my Mac if I try generating a code for the 192 :(
No one's getting mad, it's just cluttering up the sub when there's a dedicated thread for it, and that's where you could meet said people
I don't know about shilling, but I do think he's really positive about shit, and I think that's just because he'd have to like a game for him to want to complete it/do an episode about it I don't know if I've ever personally seen him make an episode dedicated to completing a game he hated
I think there's pretty rare cases when that shit -is- interesting, tho: If someone posts that they just hit a million scrobbles, I'd love to just look through their stats, y'know? Dudes like Mudduck are pretty interesting for that https://www.last.fm/user/Mudduck
You are an absolute blessing
Really? I've never heard of that. Makes me wonder if there was a -really- bad encounter we never heard about
I've seen a lot of cool bands live, and I honestly just don't get how so many of them can afford to sit and talk the shit with fans after. I used to want to be a touring musician when I was younger, and the fantasy was killed when I realized how easily I get sick as fuck from public outings like that
Heh, the mods here seem to be great as is :)
I'm talking about weed. Danny was a big pothead but said a while back that he didn't smoke anymore, but who knows if he just picked it back up on occasion
Yeah, it's a very loose description that ultimately doesn't really hold much weight when challenged. If you spend $5 on a lottery ticket and don't tell your S/O, that's cheating, via that description. Hell, buying them a surprise gift is fucking cheating then. When your description of cheating is just some loose description of "something you don't/wouldn't tell them about" then so much useless and unrelated shit is suddenly cheating.
i need to hear someone scream this
One thing about Tobuscus that I'm surprised never picked up much steam is the fact that his ex, Jaclyn Glenn, came out and said that while she didn't think Toby would rape someone, she felt pressured to do certain things, and he has stalked and harassed her for at least a year. Not sure how the allegations got generally regarded as being false when Jaclyn was saying all of that
I hope you find the peace and absolution that you need, friend
I remember actively choosing not to listen to this album for the longest time, because someone told me "it's the least-weird Bungle album" and for some reason, my mind was all "THAT MEANS IT'S NOT GOOD AT ALL!! I SHOULDN'T WASTE MY TIME" but then one night, I put it on while listening to Fallout 3, and man.. What a fucking trip. If the self-titled was a weird funky circus (and even porn!) influenced trip of an album, and "Disco Volante" was this odd, abstract, cold, otherworldly album.. It only made sense that "California" had as many beautiful moments as it did. Such a fucking flawless trio of albums that started odd, pummeled you with the unknown, and then (for the most part) gently let you off the ride. Until "Goodbye Sober Day" kicks in.
Incredibly late reply, I'm sorry, but "Mit Gas" might be one of the absolute best records in Patton's discography, if you haven't heard it. It almost sounds like the accessibility of Faith No More colliding with the oddness of Bungle.
I used to hate it, now I see a fair amount of promise in it (Lee's one of the best guitarists I've heard in the deathcore genre by far), but I just really don't think the band would've gone anywhere had they kept with the deathcore genre, really. I think only a quarter of us would be here now. That being said.. I don't get how their first EP ("This Is What The Edge..") is so much more technical than "Count Your Blessings". The EP sounded like it had a shitload of Dillinger Escape Plan influence, and then the album comes around and it's (good) deathcore. Never understood that.
Well.. That's part of the odd nature to that situation: I've said this all to that person a few times, and they insisted I had nothing to be sorry about.. But I feel I do. I almost feel like they deserve to hate me, or at least be mad at me and -then- hopefully forgive me, if they feel like they can/should. I'm just kind of lost.
Hey dude, I'm actually really happy to hear that :) I hope the rest of your day is even better
It can just be crazy to realize that kind of shit. It's just for fun, and makes you reminisce on what your life was like when it came out. I was a young lad who only gave a fuck about hanging out with his best friend at the mall, because "girls are stupid".. Now I'm completely different. The person who listens to the EP now is not the person who first heard it.
Oooh! I hope you make it through it okay man, keep safe :)
Honestly one of the best projects to come out of Em's career post-hiatus, because it feels like Em is trying a shitload harder on it than his normal solo albums, just because he has real and legitimate competition with him on every track. Royce and Em bring out the best in each other, and that's why we need BME2 over some hard as fuck beats
I tried other flash stuff and it still works :( And what do you mean standalone version? Is it available for download? Steam doesn't run on my version of Mac anymore
Fell in love with someone, things didn't work out, and I really hope they're doing okay and can hopefully think positively about me *hug*
You really think it's terrible that people are attacking him for saying gay marriage shouldn't have happened for twenty years, that good things came from the holocaust, lying about his friend dying in the war in high school, abusing women, and him going on Twitch to talk about mutilating women's genitals with a scalpel, dawg?
Aight I'll let you try: What's the context that somehow defends and excuses the holocaust bit
&gt;his point was he wouldn't want gay marriage to be legalised if that ment people got physically attacked and that he would rather it be done safely over 20 years But bigots would still be here in 20 years. Bigots will always, -always- exist, and the only way to actively turn some bigots around is to challenge them on their beliefs and make them see that it's okay for gay people to get married. Boogie was bowing down to the bigots in yet another attempt to try to please everyone. Even then.. What would gay marriage even really provoke in this case? If bigots want to attack gay people, they're going to try to do it whether or not they can get married. Gay pride parades were very much a thing when Boogie made those comments, and the hypothetical bigots could just go to one of those. The "good intentions" are only with bigots in mind. With that in mind.. Boogie thinks the gays should've waited longer to get married, but uses "LGBT-safe zone" as a description for his store? He's perfectly okay with lining his wallet with gay people's money but doesn't want them to have the same basic rights as everyone else? Fuck that, if what he says is what he truly feels, he only gives as much of a fuck about gay people as they'll pay him. And what made people then start to hate him more for it is the fact that he started saying he owned (later turned to "own a share of" and then just "helped fund") an "LGBT-safe zone" and it's like.. What the fuck? Yeah, Boogs, because gay people are totally fucking getting lynched in Walmarts and shit like that, right? Lord knows how terrified I was to go down to my local gaming store and see three gay dudes hanging from the rafters. The abuse thing comes down to Lucy Foxx: Boogie had a dating profile on a sugardaddy website, claimed he didn't, turns out he met her on there, got her to live with him, tried keeping her from being a cam-model (where she was making money before), threatened suicide if she left, etc, and then she said "The scary thing is that I know he's doing this to girls younger than I am" and she was nineteen at the time The dude can't even be trusted to be honest about how he met Lucy, so my faith is with her, especially since Boogs said "my ex-wife was walking on eggshells around me all the time" in the H3H3 podcast, which, sure, might not necessarily be related, but it does look odd in this light, don't it?
man's fulla shit
What's up Boogs
Lollll
This has to be a satirical account
Love ya too Boogiebear
You're killing me Boogs
It's Em and some other guy dawg
Rest easy, Gretchen, we love you
Literally what? How the hell do you go from sucking your own dick (Boogie) to accusing someone of being a Trump supporter lol
You are my son
I.. Don't know. I honestly don't know if they're looking for anything in particular, really. I don't think I'll ever know, at this point, because we've probably talked for the last time we ever will, no matter how I feel about it. So here I am, trying to put together the pieces of who I was before I met them, not because they shattered me, but because I went so long with them in my life that it's hard for me to even really fully grasp that this may be it. I've been here before, once or twice, years back, but this time feels.. Different. Feels more life-altering.
Yeah because the rest of the general public can't make up their mind on how to feel about them
&gt;Self titled came out in 99. 20 years ago. This picture is half their band life ago. I mean.. The band didn't form in 1999, tho
One of the last big gigs before life.. Happened, and kept happening in different ways :(
What was the story??
I honestly don't know what you're trying to say with it relating to him saying non-existent medical breakthroughs came from the holocaust
I found myself getting irrationally bothered when James said he didn't really know anything about the Spice Girls, and then I realized there's not really anything to fucking know, but it's like.. Guys, why force James to watch shit he clearly doesn't give a fuck about? Like I understand y'all watching some shit you were mildly curious about, like "haha what a shitshow this'll be" but when Justin says it's just because they're going out on tour, and James said he didn't know anything about them, it's like.. So there's not even James' nostalgia to fall back on? What the fuck is the purpose. EDIT: James keeps asking about their discography, didn't know there was a video game, etc.. Why the fuck didn't you even bother to read a fucking Wikipedia summary EDIT: Holy fuck Erin seems so disconnected from so much of what Justin is saying. She seems like she's wanting to engage with James in conversation, but every time Justin starts rambling on, she's just "Oh yeah? Haha yeah totally" as she realizes how fucking passionate Justin is about this shitty movie compared to her EDIT: James starts going on about how he was having trouble watching the movie at first because he was looking after his daughter and having to bottle-feed her while watching it, and then says that it was distracting him from the movie.. Good God, dude, this shit is your fucking job and your wife can't take care of the kids for like a fucking hour? EDIT: Justin starts going on about what a fun and "solid film" it is, seems way more into it than even Erin, this shit is a fucking joke lmao
watch the negative reaction for this episode be met with "oh, just because there was a GIRL on the show, huh?" completely disregarding that it's purely because of who it is
can't blame them for being obsessed when we're literally the only people who ever even talk about them you think even the regulars at the main sub give a shit about them? probably not.
I typically don't watch Rental Reviews, and this is one of my first actual experiences watching Justin, but holy fuck he's just.. I don't know. He seemed to be genuinely happy that there was a fart joke in this movie
She's tolerable but seems like she was losing some gas as it went on, like "oh.. fuck, I have to talk to Justin about this movie" as James was mostly uninterested
Are you following me around or was this actually a coincidence
Yeah if he's not fucking my wife then I want nothing to do with him
Oh boy Boogs do you give us the good AND the bad
&gt; Only Erin seemed to care about Spice Girls good god dude Justin's fanboyism goes on full fucking reign as it goes on
&gt;Justin asks Erin what her favorite Spice Girls song is. If she is as huge of a fan as she claims to be in this video she should have the answer right away, instead she says "uhmmmmm..." then it cuts and then she says Say you'll be there. Which of course is a song that was featured in the movie that she just watched. They should ask her "Since you are such a huge fan, name 5 Spice Girl songs that weren't featured in this movie" /r/gatekeeping
What's up, OP?
So you'd be perfectly fine if the genders were reversed?
Yeah, maybe. I loved the Pusha diss track, but ultimately, outside of Drake issuing a statement about that old pic of him (lmao) it didn't really affect his career at all.
I fucking -loved- GG when I discovered it in 2014 or early 2015, don't know when, because I discovered it with my then-girlfriend (loved the living fucking hell out of her), she quickly grew pretty passionate about it too, and our reasoning was pretty much the same: It was a fun show, but in a sea of dudes trying to "make it" on YouTube, they felt like one of -us-. Just stupidass friends that loved each other and found a way to profit off of really genuine videos. Nothing (aside from the t-shirt commercials, and even then, they were funny) felt like they were really trying to sell anything to us, and they were people you were absolutely fine with watching an ad or two or even three for, because "holy shit, this is great" Then.. The love they put into it seemingly died. Even when Arin first figured out "IF I SCREAM EVERY EPISODE, PEOPLE GET EXCITED!!" during 2016 (or whenever) there were still plenty of gimpses where he broke that "character" and sounded like he wanted to be there with his friend Dan. Then they both just.. Checked out, and it sounded like they wouldn't even really actively talk to each other or hang out in the same social circles if they didn't have this job together. They worked so, -so- fucking well in the beginning because they came from completely different backgrounds, and that seemingly ripped them in half as time went on.. Same with how Matt and Pat from SBFP said they weren't really friends when they started, because they were so different, then they became friends, and then had the falling out. When you couple that with the fact that GG stopped feeling like a bunch of lovable jackass friends and started feeling so much more like a company.. Ugh. I fucking loved seeing random new episodes of Barry, Ross, Kevin, Brian, and even Suzy popping up on occasion, and then they seemingly were done with the show, leaving it to just be Arin and Dan. I stopped watching in late 2017. If Arin and Dan were somehow offered great-paying jobs on separate TV shows, I have no doubt that GG would cease to exist. It's the same show in name only at this point. When I watch those old episodes we loved, I remember that beautiful, blonde, blue-eyed girl, and I remember how hard she laughed.. Maybe, if she ever revisits the old videos out of curiosity/fun, she'll think positively about me, too. I really, really loved her and this stupid fucking show. Now they're both unfortunately out of my life.
oh no edit: got perma-banned from the sub for this comment i'm guessing, can still edit this comment, but dang
&gt;loved :( but thank you man
I heard someone try to justify it once as being "like you stepping down to acknowledge something is bad".. Most pretentious, stupid shit I've ever fucking heard. "I don't like Megadeth, no, don't get me fucked up, I don't like Dave but this is kind of sad imo :///"
/r/gatekeeping you're inadvertently making Megadeth sound lame as fuck if you're the example of what one of their "real fans" are
dude you obviously care to some degree if the interaction you've been having with that guy is even happening
Tom wrote "Golden Showers in the Golden State" so sure
Mask still looks stupid but I'm getting heavy Heath Ledger/Joker vibes from this
someone that was very close to me, unfortunately
&gt; I did not realize how egotistical James is+he said he's been writing this since 2001-2002 that was before avgn, who the fuck starts writing a autobiography before they've even done ANYTHING relevant at all I feel like this is one of the few things I can defend James on: When he was younger, going off of several vids of him, he seemed like he was really dedicated to becoming a director and was dreaming big, so I think it makes sense that he was documenting the various VHS-only home movies he was making at the time, to have his past documented, because he probably grew up really researching his favorite directors and where they started. I didn't get the vibe that the dude thinks his old shitty home movies are worth much of anything, just that he wanted his works documented
The worst part is when he starts going on about ScreenWave, not because they don't help (I imagine they make his job a lot easier) but because he was dropping them by name, almost like (given the eye that the guys keep on this sub) he was told to, to try to help justify their existence on the channel. It'd be way different if he was all "yeah, me and the guys are working on some new stuff!" but the name-drop just puts it in a way different light
Man I hope you're sitting down James said last year that he no longer writes any of the AVGN episodes, and he overall seems to have no say in the show anymore, not even recording gameplay footage for it, or even in the case of that KH3 video, admitting right in the beginning he's never even played Kingdom Hearts. Four or five dudes run AVGN behind the scenes now. Check out /r/TheCinemassacreTruth because Cinemassacre's shit is fucking ridiculous at this point, lots of controversies
James is definitely the least-bad dude involved with Cinemassacre, I don't think you'd find much on there that'd change your opinion of the dude, the main thing people really have against him is that he just seems to blindly go with a lot of decisions the ScreenWave guys make
"YOU KNOW WHAT'S BULLLSHIIT??? /r/THECINEMASSACRETRUTH"
Germ is a king among men Naw but fr I always liked Germ, but I really came around more on him when I actually listened to how he raps: His shit is fucking buttery-smooth, it just isn't immediately evident because dude sounds like a fucking goblin
Literally everything else about it runs fantastically tho
well, we didn't know it in the first place
and?
Literal photos of trophies?
&gt; I just have a folder full of saved search bookmarks, which are all just long strings of numbers, that I open every day. Can you tell me more about this? Like.. Does it just open like 20+ tabs all at once, or something?
&gt; It's very interesting that you got banned for that. I read on here that other people do things similar if not that exact way. Yeah, I don't know if maybe they're just not as strict as they used to be, or what, but it really threw me for a loop. Somehow I was able to get back my account last year, so.. Maybe..?
Have you tried redownloading it WITHOUT deleting the original file or clearing cache? I've had multiple items "fail to download", which I then picked right back up where it left off
What are you downloading it to? Just your regular hard drive?
Xbox Live is always on some fucking horseshit, I'm sorry man
Take your meds
Were you not being a dick
Nope :( I'm equally confused by it, which makes me really cautious
..What?! The AVGN movie was 2014? Are you fucking with me? I could've sworn it was 2012. Never saw the movie, don't plan to, but I had the opportunity to talk to someone who worked on it years ago on Omegle, and they were a fucking awesome person, really helped me out. That's the memory I'll choose to associate with this shit.
But then someone would tell the mom
Chester is a legend, and legends never, ever die. His memory will live on and be celebrated for the rest of our days. Thank you for sharing this, OP
Are these loops taken from their songs, or did you recreate them? EDIT: Can you put some of these in a zip folder? At least the albums? Mediafire apparently doesn't let you download multiple files at a time :(
I can't even imagine an $B-produced Drake project. I feel like $crim would be like "and for the hook, we're gonna sample a Three 6 Mafi-" and Drake would instantly be like "Three 6 Mafia? Fuck yeah, man, RIIIDIN DIRTY haha"
you are not entitled to the rest.
Holy hell, I've never heard of this: Is there any chance you can find what app you're talking about?
David Pakman is kvlt as fvck
Please stop feeling entitled to people's life stories in a subreddit dedicated to just posting your thoughts. It's really rude, and if you stick your head out of your bubble, you'll realize that. You're forgiven btw
That's crazy.. I understand Mr. Potato Head (R.I.P.) not having many lines of dialogue, but still. While we're at it.. Was RC anywhere else in the movie, than just the intro? I don't think I saw him past the intro, and that makes me sad
Need "Coulda had the skunk did" tattooed on my chest
&gt;You are forgiven as well. The only really important part in that. Thank you, you as well :)
Holy shit lmao it's just the fact that you were so antagonizing about it and now you're trying to manipulate me into being the bad guy when you were being all "LOL! I WANNA KNOW! LOL!" constantly It wasn't even about replying, it was about being a generally unpleasant person to have any form of social interaction with
All the fuckin' drama/controversies look like it's really taken something out of Mike while James is off in another world
That's the thing, too: You think the majority of the people who watch that video give a single fuck about Super Buster Bros? Fuck no. Having some more J&amp;MM's concerning old games that James has already done a review of, or rom-hacks of said games, would attract just as big of an audience, if not more, and at least James probably has more of an attachment to those games he initially reviewed.
Miss those boys so much sometimes.
You're not even able to tell the truth or keep a hold of the situation, dude. I've explained why I felt you were behaving badly, and then you go on to say this shit: &gt;Then proceeded to tell me I was in some bubble and not supposed to reply which isn't correct. &gt;not supposed to reply Literally WHERE did I say you weren't supposed to reply? Can you find me -one- instance of that anywhere? Anywhere. If you're telling the truth and are not a manipulator, you'll show me.
Where in that comment do I tell you not to reply? Just single it out. I'm not seeing it anywhere.
What data, though? And what can someone realistically do with it?
"Hey guys, bad things happen to me too.. Thank God I'm stronger than Etika.."
Do I haaaave tooo?
Right, right, the reason why I posted this thread is asking performance-wise if there's any difference, because the emulator always encounters glitches on my USB, I was hoping you were getting at that
Yeah! I don't think I really had any issues with the USB stick before, and it runs perfectly when I run GameCube/Wii games, so I don't know what could be the issue
Oh shit! I'll try that, thank you :)
what kind of content do you make?
In dark times in my life, I've always been afraid of contacting either of these because I'm afraid of what could happen afterwards, like if it's just an automatic "aight we're gonna call the police on you now" no matter what's said.. Ugh Anyone have any experience? I'm not suicidal btw, genuinely
Fuck I really wish this one were directed to me, I'd give anything to just know that they don't hate me
It makes me fuckin' mad for the old Egoraptor I grew up loving that he's just throwing money to the fucking wind now. He would still be making serious fucking bank if he just cut the team down to him, Danny, and maybe a few others. People like to say he's made GG into a company because he wants to be able to say he owns a company, but at this point, I feel like he keeps adding more and more people to the team so he can finally feel like "Yes, I managed to create a company!".. But that moment of satisfaction never comes, so he keeps hiring more and more every few months. A Let's Play channel that sells out their shitloads of merch within hours should not be struggling. He needs to realize this.
That's the crazy shit too: What could be causing this, if not a fault of their own?
It's crazy how good SM is at editing their own shit, but how dogshit they were at editing GG, a job (I imagine) they were getting paid well at. Love those guys, but that shit's always made me curious
His friends apparently made repeated attempts to try to help him, but there's ultimately so little you can do if the person doesn't consent to getting help.
Zach is a hilarious little goblin motherfucker, but on the rare occasion he's serious, he speaks a lot of truth. I feel like there's an interesting side to him that he hasn't shown much, and I wonder if we'll ever really get the opportunity to see it. Seems like a real good guy, past the haha epic funnies
Fuck I teared up I've hovered between 6 and 8 for so long I've forgotten what happiness feels like. It's but a distant memory at this point, or a dream someone told me about. I've been at 9 and 10 before a couple times and it was so scary. I don't ever want to fucking feel like that again
you really don't want to know the answer to that, but https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fritzl_case
i had to look i fuckin love this dude now lmao
To say it's only white people who can feel sympathy for abuse victims is fucking awful and racist as shit.. Why are you here if you think so lowly of colored people?
I hope you're that excited about something else soon :)
I don't want Cinemassacre to end, but like someone else said, I want AVGN to. It's fully run its course, and to be honest, I feel like the work put into it would be better suited for in-depth film reviews of films James actually likes. I'd wanna keep J&amp;MM as long as they were actually having fun with it, and it wasn't a rushed kinda thing. They just need to realize that the fans don't expect something completely different or gimmicky every episode: People would be fine with them just playing Mario again or some shit, as long as it was entertaining and they were actually enjoying it
?
Are you referring to the ones I post here, specifically? But to answer your question: Yeah, unfortunately. Shit fucking sucks but it's like.. What can I really do about it, at this point? /r/unsentletters is the only place I can really voice these feelings
I feel like we're all in one huge boat together, just trying to stay afloat when some of us feel like we deserve to be drowning. What's on your mind, friend?
So if you're ever a dick to me, I can feed your dog chocolate I don't know why you'd want me to do that to you, but I guess that's your logic
And /r/confession is praising them for it. Incredible.
&gt;loved
They're both still someone's fucking pets, dude. Sure, my birds might not be as intelligent as my dogs are, but I'm going to be really fucking pissed if you do anything to them. I'd be just as pissed if OP dropped a catfish into a small pond full of fish that didn't belong to anyone.
I think there's an old-ish Tyler the Creator song that does that when Frank Ocean comes on lmao
IIRC it's a song off of "Wolf"
Was it just Less Than Jake songs, or where there covers and originals? Man needs to do his solo album that he talked about a while back
That honestly means a lot to me, thank you for taking the time to write this out. I don't blame her for not warning me (it's her body, her hair, etc) but the only thing I regret is just my initial reaction.. It wasn't even out of disgust or anything, I was just taken aback by it all. I hope the person who reacted oddly to your haircut didn't have any bad intentions
Jerry Roush, it was the only track that he had ever recorded with the band, following Austin's departure in 2010 or so
Wait, so can I, a 360 user, get XBL Gold for $1 a month using this, or..?
It's good but it kinda feels like they just grabbed a random Pouya acapella to put over a City Morgue song, like this'd be one of those random "EMINEM HOPSIN TECH N9NE TYLER THE CREATOR" remixes you find on YouTube
I'm just.. Not understanding if I can do this or not, XBL for $1 a month on 360? I've never gotten a confirmation if it can work that way or not
Add this to the megathread lmao
Can you really point out anything that Boogie has learned from and then proceeded to actually put to use
but the dude also posts about how he might have to go back to working retail soon you're picking and choosing things to have some ground to try to defend him
So what you're saying that is if one person on the phone is rude to you, you shut it off for the full house, potentially letting children (who had literally nothing to do with this) be exposed to heat in the middle of summertime in their own homes Why is /r/confession praising you.
Abso-fucking-lutely. OP feels like they're some real fucking cool guy for shutting off HVAC to an entire house (after dealing with only one person on the phone), and exposing the rest of the household (which might include elderly, children, or animals) to the extreme heat or cold /r/confession loves to upvote shitty people as long as said shitty people are getting some petty revenge on -one- person.
&gt;Always be nice to the “small” people they have the power to ruin your life. “Small”- cooks, waiters, servers, hvac folks, and especially wifi people. So what you're saying is that we shouldn't hire mentally unstable people in positions that could severely jeopardize people's lives. Petty revenge shit does not fall on the fucking customer. Do your fucking job that you get paid for. Thanks.
OP is a child. I just hope they can learn from this before their life gets fucked by jeopardizing someone else's.
I'd normally never really listen to Weird Al in my off-time, parody music just ain't really my thing, but you're right: He and his band are ridiculously talented musicians to be able to nail everything right down to the originals. Outside of these really technical metal bands, you'd be hard-pressed to find a more solid group of instrumentalists
OP, I hate to go against the grain, but like.. Maybe you should get his permission before you go about doing something like this, and wait a long while. If my spouse killed herself very recently, and a friend sampled her for a song and just randomly sprung it on me, I'd be very upset with said friend.
Still, it's hard to explain, but like.. I could handle a tribute song to my deceased S/O but not hearing their voice in a song, and if it's anyone's place to sample her vocals, it's someone that was especially close to her. If he gives you permission, hell yeah, make the best song you possibly can, but this is potentially bad ground to tread on right now as a surprise.
The only people telling you not to take it personally are teenagers with no life experience, or people who lack empathy in general. They're fucking shitty, but you can rest assured that the people being "le epic redditors" aren't worth respecting on a personal level.
:) Love you too &lt;3
&gt; Stop having bad taste in women? ????
The "heavy part" is never gone, man, it just goes under the surface. If my spouse dies, and I reach a point where I'm not crying every day over it, and you show me a recording of her voice even five years later, I'm going to sob
Did we ever get actual confirmation that Mike does coke?
I never watched much of Pat and Ian's show, but I know Pat doesn't have any room to be calling dudes losers lmao The shitty thing about Pat is like.. Dude, you don't have to be bitter, you can still turn your life around: Sell some shit, make the channel just a hobby or revamp your content, and be what you want to be. You don't have to be an old dude ranting about fucking old Nintendo games for the rest of your life.
I honestly do like Mike a fair bit of the time, especially in comparison to these ScreenWave jackasses. Mike may be a fucking idiot sometimes, but he's -our- idiot.
&gt; Who the fuck is tuning in to watch them bitch and bloviate over topics that are already a week and a half old? You're not even a content creator at this point. The honest to God answer is a lot of dudes in their 30s/early 40s who grew up with this shit and feel like Pat's one of them. I know YouTube creators are primarily watched by kids and teenagers, but I cannot fucking imagine kids or teenagers giving a fuck about listening to Pat and Ian talk about this shit.
The AVGN episode that he appears in is.. Wow. There are several scenes where Pat's just looking at the camera with this fucking huge intensity in his eyes, and I just thought "holy shit, dude, calm the fuck down" and I never checked out his content because of it Might be a stupid reason but looks like I didn't miss out on anything
Maybe I'm not that well-acquainted with his bullshit but this is pretty rough
Excellently put, man, and I've said this on this sub before, but honestly, Mike's antics have made me laugh more than anything else on this channel, and have become such common staples with my friend-group. "Brown Bricks", his ten-incher, Loco Bandito, Elmo, etc, are some of the first things to come to mind when I think of Cinemassacre now (lmao) and I love it He's just unintentionally fucking hilarious as shit, can't bring myself to hate him
I think a huge part of it is that they're jealous they didn't really accomplish too much on an individual level. Even if you're making 80k a year (really doubtful in this day and age, but you'll see my point) doing shitty video game content for YouTube, and you meet a guy who's making 40k a year working in a warehouse, you feel like he's farther ahead of you. He has a job that he can just be upfront about when meeting women at the bar, whereas you have to really sell what your career is, to them. Makes you feel small. "yeah I make videos for YouTube" "oh? videos about what?" "..old Nintendo games, like I.. Play them and talk about them." "..ah."
You know what? You might be entirely fucking right, I've never even thought about it from that angle. Like when Mike thought some "fucking bum" was ripping off of James' content, he went about it the wrong way entirely, but in that light, it really does seem like Mike was being James' "shield" with publicly dealing with the situation. With how much of a fucking idiot Mike can be, he seems like he genuinely cares about James, and for Mike's sake, I hope James genuinely cares about him as well. Hell, now even the thing of Mike saying he chose not to be in the AVGN movie because he "can't act" seems like an admirable thing: The movie was a dumpster fire regardless, but maybe he was personally worried about souring his friend's project.
fuckin pouring water bottles all over the ground while roaring
Dude, back in 2016, when GG was smaller (still huge tho) they fucking went to a Wendy's in Ohio and it was PACKED, there were HUGE lines to hang out with GG, and now three years later, in California, they expected only a hundred people? Are you fucking with me?
Refresh my memory, though: Do they appear as often as they do in Blacklist? And do they have the ability to sniff you out? I completely forgot about their existence in the first one, tbh EDIT: Downvoted for not remembering something? Dope as fuck
Oh, no, the cover mechanic is very fluid and smooth in its execution, but hiding behind structures shouldn't be the only way to remain undetected in some levels. There aren't many opportunities where you can actually sneak in the first two (real) levels, for example, you're mainly just sliding from cover to cover when the opportunity arises
To do what? You didn't specify nothin
You have a really avant-garde way of talking with people lmao A marketing team made them put in dogs? What?
Why care so much lol
Regarding 6 I actually fucked up and meant to say Blacklist is better than Conviction, I fixed it, my bad, man
I'm guessing so, hope you enjoy it champ :)
Can you gift gold to yourself?
I feel like you're missing the point: If he says he wants to leave because of "bad opinions" and he actively voices it, that's childish in itself. There is absolutely a way to constructively criticize or have a conversation about someone's opinions (about a video game, nonetheless) without attacking them, did you think that was the only way, or something? Like.. You see someone straight-up insulting someone over an opinion of a video game, and that's not childish to you?
Definitely gonna need /r/freshalbumart to come thru
Is it already out there??
Where's that at?
You caught us!!
But if Tom did it, you'd be over the moon Also lmao at hating on someone for wearing safety gear
/r/blessedimages
New video idea: "Psycho Kid Looks Like a Jackass on Twitter!"
Would love to see Jesse melt down in a livestream like "This is NOT LIT! It's NOT LIT, chiefs! IT'S NOT FUCKING LIT!!!!"
Honestly, when you factor in how many people -try- to be successful YouTubers, and how many actually "make it", it is really almost like winning the lottery. Even if you make excellent content and actually care about your craft, who knows if you'll ever make a living out of it. I know plenty of great YouTube channels that make me think "wow, I fucking love this", look down, and see they only have somewhere from 20k-100k subscribers, which, sadly enough for them (people who genuinely make great and detailed content, not just regular dumbshit YouTubers), probably isn't enough to be able to abandon your job and keep a roof over your head. I think everyone who cares about their craft and puts actual work into it should be able to make a living off of it, provided they have a decently-sized fanbase, but unfortunately that isn't the case
Less of an apology and more just begging Dude's a fuckin dummy
I don't see how this situation is unique to being drunk or a kid. People of any age, completely sober, can piss themselves in their sleep. I've been sober for years and have still had dreams where I'm showering and have the intense urge to piss, only to wake up to having to pee.
Even if the chances of a bullet hitting your person is small, I'm more concerned with a bullet bursting through my ceiling tbh, repair costs and all
Yeah! I discovered him through this vid and watched a few others, and it felt no different (well, presented better) than when you're in the car with a friend and they're passionately ranting about something. He seems dope
Tyler ain't that versatile in the grand scheme compared to Kanye and X tho Tyler's creative (heh) but no comparison imo
In hip-hop, I'd say Bones is almost just as versatile, but in terms of any genre, no one can beat Mike Patton's versatility imo, dude has done almost every genre you can think of, even just briefly
The problem for me is that I can't really think of much that Bones did that X didn't (feel free to remind me tho), but I can think of stuff X did that Bones didn't, even if they were just very brief flirtations into a genre: X briefly flirted with dancehall, latin-pop and pop-rock, and the only thing I can think that Bones did that -maybe- X didn't was cloud-rap
Like other people have said, and will continue to say about this release, I do wish Ride was a part of it, but even more than that, I wish the songs felt a little more fleshed out. Andy and Zach are both really fucking talented dudes, and the songs felt restrained enough for Ride to rap over, but since Ride ain't around, it just kinda feels like they're tiptoeing around something great the entire record instead of fully unleashing. If they did something like this now, I'm strongly willing to bet it'd be a lot better
Ah! Has that just been this week, or a staple of the organization? I was watching a lot of AGDQ a month or two back, and I -swear- they mentioned something about children's hospitals there, but, of course, it could've just been a Streamer's Choice donation that made me confused
I am not one to talk about immigration, I do not hold much of an opinion on it, but your comments have logic that basically boils down to "if you commit a crime, and you are also the sole-provider for your children, you should either put the children in jail with the parent, or never send the parent to jail", letting a child be someone's "get out of jail free" card Am I happy about them being in camps? No. Not at all. Do I understand it's (hopefully) the least-worse possible option if extended family isn't willing to take in the child? Yes. People are downvoting you because of how you've been coming across with this "get out of jail free" card, even if that's not what you were intending. When it comes to either an orphanage, setting the child off to wander the streets alone, or a camp, I know which I'd rather pick if I absolutely had to.
What is it from?
Honestly the only thing that really looks bad in this game are just the cutscenes (which you can skip if you wanna) and the faces, which you don't really see too often anyway. This shit was even blowing most 360 games out of the water years later.
So crazy to me that pretty much all of Mac's music (aside from the really early, cheesy stuff) happened in the span of one decade He went from silly, happy fratboy-esque rapper to Mac motherfucking Miller. How insane is that?
That and the fact that they seem to be treating this with the utmost respect, seems like they're really trying to honor Mac's vision instead of awkwardly frankensteining some shit like "Bad Vibes Forever". Mac had so much love for this world, and he seemingly was surrounded by it. R.I.P. Here's hoping it's an amazing send-off.
R.A.'s a great rapper that seems to have a pretty weak ear for beats, for the most part, and I don't get it. There are some R.A. songs that have great beats, and he fucking annihilates them, but then I went back to "Legends Never Die" a week or two back and was astounded by how many "eh" beats there were The fact that we never got a Stoupe-produced R.A. album is a fuckin' tragedy, here's hoping we get it one day.. I mean, fuckin' Canibus did, why not R.A.?
It's not even -just- that Vinnie is edgy, he's just so misinformed about a lot of things, and will say really fucking stupid shit just because it fits a rhyme scheme.. Same shit with Jus Allah on the last two JMT albums he was on tbh, these guys don't realize that carrying on a rhyme-scheme forever becomes try-hard as shit when you're not even really saying anything by the end of it.. That's how you get both Vinnie rapping about soccer-moms and Jus rapping about SunChips aggressively.
Y'know you can inform someone about something without going "just FYI" condescendingly at the end right
Not upset my mang just a miscommunication
Someone said a while back that the Jus Allah on VBD transformed into Josh Allar: A very, very angry man who can only recite shit like it's on a grocery list, and I can hear it The instrumentals to "Rip the Jacker" are available online, btw, that album is pretty much the only Stoupe-affiliated thing I can listen to now, because while Canibus can occasionally be dumb on that album, at least he's telling stories and shit
Yeah it's some powerful-ass weed
Nah man what's that I've never even heard of that
I know Dick, but who's the other guy?
Ur missing the point I was making my man, it's obvious that everyone changes, but: &gt; find me anyone who’s not drastically different at those ages Is everyone drastically more talented within a decade Keyword being "everyone"
&gt;anyone who is 16 and decides to be a rapper, doing it for the next 10 years straight — they’re basically guaranteed to be better. tell that to like half of Odd Future but regardless u still missin the point because I'm not talking skill rapping, I'm talking artistic vision and evolution, risks taken, etc this convo ain't goin nowhere i'm gonna watch Scarface
i'mma be real w/ u man i honestly just don't really care to put much more time into this convo, u can keep replying with some weirdo passive-aggressive stuff (something about anime?) if u want but idk just go watch Scarface it's a good movie
I respect them a lot for what they did for the scene when Mitch was around, they really helped put deathcore on the map, but tbh, unless you grew up with SS, a lot of their shit is probably going to sound really "primitive" to a lot of the stuff you hear now. I don't think people could've even imagined an Infant Annihilator, Rings of Saturn, etc, when Suicide Silence was bursting onto the scene. Shit sounds caveman-esque in comparison up until "The Black Crown" and you can hear them help lay down a bit of a musical blueprint for a fair amount of what you'd come to hear in later years. Like a lot of people here, I like SS, not so much these recent years, and don't have much hope for the new album, but here's hoping the new record has at least a couple of songs that cause the majority of us to say "hey, the rest of the record sucks, but these couple of songs are pretty good"
Holy fucking shit I shrieked
"Time to Kill is Now" is also great!
All this is going to cause is for Nick to make another shitty diss track where he acts like Em is 50's bitch and/or is desperate to gain validation from black people Em did the smart move by ignoring this fucking idiot tho
Sometimes people just want to find musicians that they identify with, when they're a minority of some kind. I'm Mexican, always loved when I found kickass Mexican musicians in genres that were normally full of white dudes.. Are you going to fault me for that?
Dudes who grew up with CYB don't want to admit that, if that album came out exactly as it is, now, by an unknown band, they probably wouldn't like it. I like that record a bit but it's really a "you had to be there" album for me tbh, can't blame anyone for not really fucking with it.
There's no "camps" here, we're not going ti divide into different teams, we're not going to start insisting one specific group of people is better than any other. It ain't like that, man
&gt; "But you don't really watch GG for the gaming " ah yes, because the (cancelled) podcast did so well in terms of numbers
OP you say "(new)suicide silence is pretty overrated".. Who's even really praising it? Regardless, I see Chelsea Grin get love around here sometimes, and aside from that song "Don't Ask, Don't Tell", I just don't get it. Never have.
It's important to note that the majority of these are probably just super-brief covers, a "blink and you missed it" thing where they only play one short section of a song
I am so fucking close to crying just why fucking God why
He officially left the band a few months ago and I've been heartbroken since
"So...what then is this fundraiser exactly for? Well, covering songs isn't something you can do for free. To cover a song you must pay a licensing fee to do so, which will cover any copies made available for sale." I mean.. You could just release the songs for free if it's really a passion-project, that negates the need for a kickstarter. You don't need to pay for cover songs that you don't sell.
Unfortunately he either just straight-up left the band or got kicked out (which scares me), because Roger said a few months ago that Vinnie would no longer be involved with the band in any capacity. During a Twitter Q&amp;A about it, he refused to answer someone asking if the band was still cool with Vinnie personally. Sad shit.
They recently claimed that a podcast they recorded had Scott Raynor on it, waited til two hours into it to "bring him in" and then they just read off a brief email exchange they had with him. He wasn't on the podcast at all and they said something like "well hey reading off an email sorta counts as having him on the podcast" and all I could think was that they were assholes. Aside from that.. They're okay. They spend a lot of time talking about themselves and referencing past episodes, which sucks if you wanted to check out a specific episode because "oh they probably have something interesting to say about this song" but it just.. Bleh. Still, props to them for getting Mark on an episode, and I mean ACTUALLY getting Mark on an episode.
As much as it's annoying, y'all, please be patient with them if you interact with any of them, because truth is, the majority of the people doing this probably aren't adults, but (annoying) kids with good intentions and not much life experience. Let's be cool dudes. Also, not that my opinion is needed, just wanted to echo some words I've seen (rightfully so) thrown around a lot today: Neil Peart is an absolute fucking legend, now and forever. Rest in power.
Like I said in another comment, you've got to keep in mind that (hopefully) the vast majority of these commenters are kids, and when you're young, you're usually super passionate about the shit you love, including web personalities. A lot of these kids were likely too young (well, maybe not "too young" but you get what I mean) to really know who Neil Peart was, and all they can really see is "Dan must be hurting, he loves that band" and not much else. (Annoying) kids with good intentions. Here's hoping it blows over soon.
As far as I can recall, that was only added there later on. What makes me think that is I'm about 95% certain I went into the description to try to find a timestamp, but, y'know, take it with a grain of salt
Absolutely, but the chances lean more towards it being kids/early teens because that's kinda their target audience now, and -most- adults are too busy and/or stressed to really get obsessive over internet personalities
The vibe of this cover really, really fits "The South Got Something to Say" by Pouya
it'd just sound like "One Minute" by X prolly
I never realized just how fucking amazing that would've been. I fucking hate the Screenwave-era but that would've made me gasp
Bradley was definitely in love with hip-hop, but I doubt he would've ever called himself a rapper in all seriousness
As much as we talk shit about him, if Boogie, the third most popular dude on the platform, therefore likely the third most highly-grossing dude on the platform, has already jumped ship, there's not much hope for anyone else, or for the platform to survive.
No one can blame you, dawg, pretty sure this must've went under a lot of people's radars
Someone gave me gold for this post, can I please say "Thanks for the gold, kind stranger" and y'all downvote the living fuck out of my comment to teach me my lesson . . . Thanks for the gold, kind stranger
I want all of them
Psychostick have always been AVGN-esque with their sense of humor, it could be far worse
Venny lmao
Yeah, by all means, even if it wasn't completely riveting content, the Psychostick guys are probably the best guests that've been on RR
Is Sammy trans now
Why do people keep using the [FRESH] tag when the album came out a couple of days ago lmao
Yo T is your background of yourself? That's some baller shit
We really gotta save the megathreads somehow, if we haven't recently, just in case. This shit is insane.
Plenty of people in Japan speak English homie
Man, some of Joyner's remixes were actually pretty good until he'd start going in on "mumble rappers"
Shout out to his appearance on Everyday Struggle where he was asked what he thought of "Revival" and he kept on just going "I think.. Eminem is dope" and deflecting the question
Oh it absolutely was the best thing he did for his career, but it was just funny as hell to see him constantly deflect in that interview because he couldn't even (IIRC) bring himself to say that the album itself was good, just that Em was dope
SocialBlade has a feature for Twitter now?
Not sure if "rape" is the right word you wanna use there my mans
Jesse seems like a dumbass dude who probably genuinely cared for Boogie when they were filming all that shit, but my best guess is that he's seen the light since then
I have to admit, if he yelled all of that in a quick Francis video, I might actually laugh at something Francis-related for the first time in ten years
It's Haber, I just fucking know it
Hope the interview went well fam
Finally getting the fuck he deserves
"Here's You're Twiutter Boogster love ya rofl &lt;3" - Jack Dorsey
"..But Steven, we have pro-" "It was Francis!"
Can u be in my arms
Hell yeah brother EDIT: HOLY FUCK /r/SamandTolki HE ACTUALLY FUCKING DID IT, GET EXPRESS VPN NOW AND THIS COULD BE YOU
A genre that's existed for like 30 years
&gt; right down to him having a cartoon avatar thats nothing like his 'i'm on chemo but i'm 300lbs' lookin ass He's done a poor job explaining it, but I remember seeing a video once where he explained that the cartoon avatar is actually based on his friend (not sure if he was ever part of the show or not), and the noise right in the beginning of each video was taken from that dude, or something. Apparently it was just some stupid inside joke that stuck around
"Chad is a lie, I've been Chad this entire time, actually."
Holy shit, it feels like just a few months ago Gek was born and now he's standing and shit, incredible
Shine on, little guy, shine on.
I'd love to hear that, but who knows if there's a goodass X verse left in the vault. Maybe they'd just grab the vocal track to "Riot" and put it over a beat with Kendrick or some shit, Iunno
Right? I remember one of the guys in ZZ Top saying something around the lines of "I tried for an hour or two and still couldn't nail the shit Prince does in the intro of 'When Doves Cry'"
I've seen this pic like all over Facebook and in videos and shit from various sources, you can't really blame OP for not knowing the direct source
I know I'm replying to my own thread but God fucking damn it, Ethan, you used to be somebody.What the fuck happened.
The days of great 360 GWGs seem to be entirely behind us at this point
It's real easy to make a playlist quickly, my dawg, then you can avoid dumbass YouTubers screaming to get your attention
Gonna keep it real with you man: You couldn't even fucking pay me to watch this video.
Even the first few episodes of the podcast were pretty alright. I mean, even if you don't like them, he was pulling in dudes like PewDiePie for a while, and to have that reduced to no-names and just the dude sitting and reading memes basically by himself is just fucking crazy.
It's Frank Zappa!
I think it's just concert audio, not sure from where, but dammit, I'm gonna forever hear the Obama comparison now
As far as it going on long enough to run out, nah, they still have plenty of stuff to give away with these, but the problem is that it's probably not gonna be stuff you're actually excited about. When it first started, years ago, we were getting stuff like Halo, Hitman, even Splinter Cell monthly, and now we're scraping the bottom of the barrel with original Xbox games (which can be nice, but, y'know, gotta get 360 titles whenever possible) and shitty arcade games, which there are plenty of, as to not run out of for a few years. My best guess is that all of the good/great Xbox 360 titles that haven't been on GWG yet, like MGS 5, Skyrim, etc, probably won't ever at this point, and yeah, you're probably better off either getting the disc or waiting for a sale.
Yeah, I didn't even know about this game and looking at the screenshots, I can barely tell what the fuck it is. Is it like some mediocre Mario Party-esque spinoff?
Late reply, but this is something I've found myself thinking about, and the conclusion I've come to, ultimately, is that he probably wasn't racist before the mental illness set in. There's a video where he's yelling with his mom in his living room, and just like you said with his dad, she even tries to pry into his views on race a bit. I've always wondered if maybe Terry ended up going down a rabbit-hole of sites when the mental illness started to kick in, like maybe he read Stormfront and it just kinda happened. Ultimately, unfortunately, we'll probably never know.
&gt;Why do people even like this guy? Well, I think I've got two alright answers to that, actually: 1. Syren Cove did a video a while back on H3H3 (she also did a good one on Boogie, but that's irrelevant) where she said something around the lines of "Ethan was seemingly the first guy to make it big who was saying stuff that the community felt. People could watch him complain about issues on YouTube and think "I feel that way too" but he had an actual reach, and then he became like everyone else" and I feel that way too, because the sketch comedy stuff never landed with me, but the rant videos did and 2. I imagine for some people it's just kinda habit now, like "I grew up/spent my teen years watching this dude, why break off now" or just haven't explored better content. I can't even imagine someone learning of H3H3 through the current podcast and becoming a fan based off of that alone.
No idea, but my best guess is that a lot of it has to do with when it goes on sale (if it's one of the big ones, for example) and if there's a publisher sale or not Lego Batman for that cheap is a steal btw, if you're looking for good family games I hope ya grabbed it up
The record after this one was the garbage one my dude
This is all a ploy from Lucas to get us to continue heating up the planet so we have to move to another one I am all for global warming if it means alien pussy
Hey OP, you might be better off looking up FFAA's setlist and making a playlist of it, and then getting into the albums after seeing them live
his little kids are gonna write AVGN now, it's gonna be a step-up from Screenwave
Not even an "I love you dude" or "I love you dawg"? No one would take those statements as romantically charged
What fuckin album bruh As far as I can tell, he doesn't even have one coming out
I think a lot of this is wishful thinking, unfortunately, if the shooter wasn't arrested. As much as I would've loved to see X continue to make music, stop fucking around with people, reunite with Ski, etc, he was a different breed of person than most people, cut from a different cloth, and if the guy who shot him wasn't arrested or killed, I could see X recovering and then jumping right back into it, trying to track this dude down, and who knows if he would've made it out of it alive. If the guy was arrested and X lived, I would've rather him just finished BVF and then retreated off somewhere with his girl to raise their son, maybe occasionally doing a feature on someone's song via the internet/his own private in-home studio, but never venturing out on tour again, because of all of the fucking dumbasses looking to kill him just to get "clout".
Pls tell me you don't flush the wet wipes
to be fair, Patton would probably hate you more for attempting to speak on his behalf
X wanted to hide his kid from the world and Drake had to go and copy that shit too
Sincerely can't tell if it's a pair of hands clapping or a lofi snare
I thought that too, but I've been listening to it closely and it just doesn't sound like that to me honestly
I can only speak on what I have (an iPhone 6, which, sure, I'm behind but $$$ ain't come too easy) but my voice doesn't possess that same thinness when I record into it and play it back, does that make any sense? I'm not sure what iPhone was popular around the time he recorded this (nor do I know whether he kept up with the latest) but.. I don't know, man, something about this just sounds off
Oh yeah, X was a genius, but are you implying that he would've chosen to use speech synthesis, hypothetically?
That's fucking dope! How much can it hold? Hopefully the whole SNES library, surely?
based
He makes some good-ass content tbh, it just typically leans more into the tech-geek sorta vibe, but honestly he seems like a really nice dude aside from that "hiccup" if you will
Did you reply to the wrong thread
I didn't say he had to adapt to modern times by liking modern bands, it was just a question And I always figured music was something James was genuinely passionate about - I seem to recall the dude having a huge CD collection? That and the iPod full of music (and I think it was a Classic, so anywhere from 60-120GB). It can be gathered that James was never very passionate about video games, but the dude's always been passionate about music.
But I just got one skin, not plural
I hope we live in the timeline where James is a secret Soundcloud hypebeast
I can hear it, man, and it scares me, but go ahead, call me stupid, man, what is the internet without pointless insults
Was he faded off the goop
Did you make an account just to reply
Iont see how a ? can ever be mistaken for an i unless it's a concept record about Jah needing glasses
Maybe he meant to name it Loyalty or Appreciation but forgot and put a ? because he ain't remember
Honestly I'd say like half of their discography is pretty dubsteppy to me now
Check out "Get It", "36 Inch Chain", "No Come Down" and "Bust No Moves", certified dubstep-rap classics. Light a joint, pass that shit around, if you drop it, pick it up pick it up
Muh kidz, Muhgadeth Side note but the instrumental version of "Rust in Peace" leaked on the internet a few years ago and it's way better than the original, give it a listen
I just honestly don't get who Kid Rock's audience is - He used to be a rapper, then a nu-metal artist, then country, but some of his country is way too trashy (my mom's words, who loves country) for a lot of people, so.. How the fuck is he selling out shows still?
On that similar note, go listen to "I Want You (She's So Heavy)" and tell me that isn't a doom-metal song, or at least Black Sabbath-y
Says who?
Which?
What do you mean?
Me, an active user of this sub, sarcastic? Never!
Justin is the epitome of punk rock
Call me out daddy
Man you might hate me but I always viewed the Misfits as a much better version of the Ramones, like it ain't even close
Conviction is better than Blacklist imo (because Blacklist is trash) but it's still not what you'd expect from Splinter Cell. Still a pretty fun game tho
Grabbing someone from around a corner is literally the only thing I'd add to Chaos Theory tbh
Where's that Klonopin Kidz feature
I honestly never thought the day would come where I'd hear a new -anything- from Mr. Bungle, even if it's a re-recording or cover. This is fucking insane. Y'all better be ready to stream this
He DM'd me over this and seems to think I'm a member of the group, trying to scam even more money, holy fuck https://imgur.com/a/kX2Z6b5 Had to crop out his phone number but what the fuck is wrong with you dude, who the fuck would want to work with you after the Klonopin Kidz shit, and why the fuck would they want to work with you again either
OH SORRY I MEAN THANK YOU BASED GOD THANKS FOR FUCKING MY BITCH WOW
Video missed the part where Ubisoft hired a bunch of people to sit around this sub and blend in with fans by going "Change is good, the series had to evolve" repeatedly while gritting their teeth
Every single bad song is Atlantic's fault, never the rapper's
the reference is your life when they made fun of u in middle school for bringin in a sippy cup to lunchtime and u gotta take it out on Lil B. Go back to ya shift at burger king flippin them mops upside down.
Man even if someone's a jerk to me it ain't gonna kill my vibe, I feel the love and shit
Hey dude!! That means a lot to me, thank you :) I hope you either have that person, or -will- have that person for you. Better days ahead, always keep that in mind
If you don't like Justin why are you even here
How do you know it does?
I don't have any problem with MGK, but.. MGK was getting shat on for quite a while before anything with Eminem happened, man, and even then, this sub is generally really critical of Em, I don't think you'll find too many people here who're major diehard fans who'd dislike MGK just because he beefed with Em
I get what you're saying but it still just feels too convenient I guess. MGK realized people give him attention if he covers songs that're widely well-known, like how he covered "Misery Business" by Paramore recently. It's like MGK's taking any and all opportunities to try to rebrand himself as this kinda emo/punk rapper like we're all supposed to magically forget that he came out on the scene doing corny white fratboy rap Dude's been having a straight-up identity crisis since Em dropped "Killshot" on him and people started clowning him
&gt; He covered a song, he didn't promote nothing involving him. Can you find me anywhere I said he did
&gt;Your saying his only goal is to rebrand or market his career You're gonna be able to find where I said that is his -only- goal if you're not lying, right? I mean.. You said I said it was his -only- goal but I didn't say that in the bit you quoted, right?
"Change around the wording of what you said and then it's the thing I said you said" living up to that username And maybe as a fucking Mexican-American currently living in a bad financial situation I haven't been able to do much other than what I have been doing socially for years: Speaking out about shit publicly. Some of us aren't fortunate enough to donate a fuckload of money or have the ability to cover a song that'll reach a wide audience. Shame me s'more, daddy.
&gt; Your saying his only goal is to rebrand or market his career. But aight This was your statement. Without "only" it becomes: &gt;Your saying his goal is to rebrand or market his career. But aight Which is correct, because I said: &gt;It's like MGK's taking any and all opportunities to try to rebrand himself as this kinda emo/punk rapper like we're all supposed to magically forget that he came out on the scene doing corny white fratboy rap I'm happy you managed to use your finger to sound out an entire sentence about something I clearly said, but don't twist words to be some shit someone never said, man. That's either dishonest or just ignorant on your part, I guess only you really know. Peace
Did you feel "handled" from that exchange?
I'd love to be under his belly!!!
;)
That and the creators of Hitman actually cared with the last game. Can't say that about the last Splinter Cell game.
Lack of manual save-points, a broken disguise system, linearity, locations you return to multiple times.. I just can't with Absolution. Everything about it feels so undercooked
&gt; The only way would be to get them to make more friendly music, but that's not what they're about. I remember when we thought that about Slaughterhouse.
There are comedy rappers that're way better at rapping though. If you even go listen to the first Lonely Island album (way back in 2008 or some shit) there are songs on there where they're actually legitimately riding the beats, showing their genuine love for the genre in the process, despite the jokes, and they adapt their flows a bit depending on the songs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqpzhTOFFjQ Every single Arin verse in Starbomb could be copied and pasted to another song and fit just as well, because 95% of them sound the exact fucking same flow-wise. You can be comedic but actually care about your craft, and I don't think Arin really cares to improve his craft in that regard
I remember there was a torrent years ago but I don't know if it's still around
&gt; 2000 is literally nothing It's 2000.
Damn u shit him in the head wtf
Lmao that has nothing to do with what I commented You said it's LITERALLY nothing
Even if it's a minuscule amount, that doesn't amount to LITERALLY nothing. Take the L and admit you don't know what the definition of "literally" is my dude
Alright cite your sources on that homie
I don't hate Starbomb, I don't like them but I don't hate them nor Arin, but outside of people who're obviously shit who can't rap on beat, I honestly can't think of any rapper I'd put him above. Even just talking white rappers, I'd even rather listen to some of the most insufferable, annoying ones (Vinnie Paz for example) over Arin, because there'll at least be somewhat of a musical variety going on.
Running it on Xbox One and it's fucking awful. There's no real reason to hide in the darkness, just hide behind walls.
Damn, really? I thought it might be my brightness too, checked on the TV itself and in the game, but it's not, and even then, the game tries to indicate you're in darkness by having the lights suddenly illuminate on Sam's wrist and back (as to help you move about without turning the goggles on, naturally), which helped me along my way to making sure I was actually concealed I was running it on Rookie, too, because I was thinking "maybe there's just some bullshit involving being concealed on higher difficulties but nope" If it's not too much trouble, do you think you could find a section of a level in Blacklist (preferably right in the beginning) where you're able to hide in darkness without an enemy spotting you? So I could try to replicate it to see what the results are in the Xbox version, I mean
Got excited for a sec thinking you were linking his Reddit account, but I subbed, thanks my man
I haven't compared gameplay videos, not yet, but I did manage to find threads talking about this same issue in Google.. Makes me feel a bit less crazy
Unfortunately I've tried this with both the disc years ago on a 360, and now the digital copy on Xbox One.. Same results :( Thanks tho my man
Why you thinking about 12 year olds man
Going by your logic with: &gt;but not saying anything about me calling you a cargo griefer proves you are one, You didn't deny you think about 12 year olds.. That is so fucking terrifying..
Who mentioned anything about Hitler Boy you're deflecting, sounds like I found something out about you that you don't know how to deny
At least you could hide in the darkness in Conviction
Lmaooo go get griefed and cry on the internet s'more
I already told you I ain't know what that is nerdass
You over here crying on the internet nerdass
I showed my dad your comments and he says you seem insecure
/r/Gman1255 seems to as well, what the fuck is up with this shit? It's like they truly didn't give a fuck when designing this game. It could've been a lot of fun.
Boy you can't be makin jokes about abuse when you let dumbasses on GTA Online abuse u into the point of mental breakdowns online because they blew up ur car or some shit
muh griefing : (
Whether or not this is real, there've been some moments of genuine tension on the podcast within this past year that've made me worried for them
Privated or deleted?
120% positive
It happens in all of the missions, even the ones that take place at night. I'm gonna try to upload a video of it later today (if I can figure it out) but trust me: The idea I have in mind, you'll be scratching your head and thinking "..how could they see him?" Something that makes me feel a bit more sane is the fact that other users here have reported the same issue, and I can find people talking about this years ago in Google
I'm about to go scouting in my town today for it, wish me luck
But realistically: Do we have any real danger of losing something just because it's associated with Barry? Barry's one of the chillest dudes alive, I heavily doubt we'll ever see any real controversy surrounding him.
Why would they delay putting the game up because of the riots? I haven't played the game, but is there anything in the game that'd be deemed "insensitive" if it came out right now?
No idea when it's gonna get taken down, but you should go ahead and play it, OP. Like I've mentioned here before: It's a pretty fun game but I don't know if it's one I'd spend more than a handful of bucks on. Like.. I love the concept of it, and it's fun, but I'm not gonna be heartbroken when it's taken off You'll be able to get what you want out of it before it gets taken down, if you start today
Just out of curiosity, what Mac are you running if you're only getting 20fps inside Dolphin? I can run Dolphin pretty well and I'm running a mid-2012 MacBook Pro The reason why I'm asking is I've actually never heard of someone running GameCube emulation more smoothly in OpenEmu than in Dolphin. I was under the assumption that Dolphin eclipsed OpenEmu for GameCube emulation every time. Perhaps something needs to be adjusted in your Dolphin settings..?
Yeah but is it due to something in the game itself? And I feel you. Corporations don't give a single fucking shit about the public and I'm tired of seeing it. It's like the one month a year where corporations even acknowledge gay people, they expect to be seen as "woke" for actively trying to sell a product under the guise of "we care about you".. Hell, the worst shit I ever saw was when McDonald's did those "unhappy meals" (or whatever) during mental health awareness month, you can't make that shit up
Hopefully this all gets sorted out soon then Side note, but I've never played the Yakuza series. Are the two games on GamePass any good, and can I jump into them or do I need to play any of the other games first?
Does it have an easy mode or anything? I suck at video games (I'm old, terrible reaction times, etc)
Hey man, every bit counts! It's really interesting that they'd center the theme of the site around prison given that the prison segment of the game is so short, though Side note.. Remember having to view trailers of games by downloading the actual video file off of the game's website? It'd take forever, and funnily enough (although we probably didn't know/care at the time) the videos were probably just like 240p lmao
Sounds good to me! I'll have to give the Yakuza games a try when I knock out some of my more anticipated titles.. Just got my Xbox One last month and feel like "oh god, there's SO MUCH" lmao
X-Play and G4 in general fucking blew my mind when I randomly discovered it on a rainy day when I was 12. I know you can go to YouTube and watch pretty much anything to do with video games/internet culture now, but it was amazing to be able to just have G4 running in the background. That, and at least back in the day (no idea if they've changed), but it seemed like Adam and Morgan had actual integrity and weren't afraid to trash major games when they sucked. If they ever had a new show together, I'd probably watch it
You're doing a great service, you know that?
Oh my God, I'm not crazy!! Yeah, as far as I know, it got replaced with a demo for the first level, I haven't checked recently though
Man, this comment brought back some memories for me: It was always weird as hell for me to see my dad get interested in some video game, because he wasn't normally into them. He was a postal worker in his 40s, working on machines, but somehow he'd hear about and get excited about Call of Duty, and to a lesser degree, Splinter Cell.
"I've got bad news for you, /u/XMrXtm.. You are old." - Grim
That gave me a flashback of buying a book called some shit like "THE ULTIMATE CHEAT-BOOK" at Walmart, it was dedicated to providing cheat codes for like 1000 PS2 and Xbox games, holy shit
Wasn't it just made by one 17 year old girl? I wasn't the biggest fan of it (for reasons I'll leave out) but I thought it was promising in a "she's probably gonna have a nice future in game coding" kinda way
Why is it the last month you can ever afford, homie?
"Original Gangster", but it's mostly a slang-term used as a joke. Basically he was one of the first big YouTubers, and now he's back to abuse the system for profit
&gt;Keep Discussions On-Topic &gt;1: r/YouTube is for meta-discussion of YouTube's platform. Does this not count? He's abusing the platform. This isn't some YouTube drama bullshit, he's actively abusing the platform by buying an outrageous amount of views in an attempt to trend.
I'm afraid I don't understand the question. The problem is that if this doesn't go addressed, it may set a dangerous precedent involving other YouTubers buying outrageous amounts of fake-views to potentially trend. It could negatively affect YouTube, as a platform, as a whole in the long-run, even if it doesn't seem like it right now. Please, please allow this to stay up to bring awareness to it. I've already tried alerting a few prominent YouTubers to potentially bring light to this situation (thus hopefully forcing YouTube to do something about it) but I don't know how far this can go without a community behind it.
How is this not concerning YouTube as a platform? What subreddit can I even talk about this in if not /r/youtube?
It concerns YouTube as a platform in the way that it's currently being abused and sets a dangerous precedent for the future. What subreddit can I bring attention to this discussion about the platform if not /r/youtube?
You'd think a discussion involving YouTube (as a platform) being abused would fit in /r/youtube, you hadn't even mentioned the abuse mega thread up to this point.
What is this from?
There are some pants with knee-pads in Online that might help add to the immersion
Does his GF know about him and Brittany then
What makes you think "Almost Had Me" was about Jian?
Why ADTR? What makes you say that?
He always pelts around that shit as some amazing story to tell.. When he was fucking writing religious songs with OM&amp;M. From "Purified", 2011: &gt;All night, I dream of water &gt;That can wash the weight of the world &gt;From my shoulders &gt;Hands of the new one &gt;We need you so &gt;To make way for the newborn &gt;To be king again ... &gt;I wanna be stronger than oceans &gt;I wanna lift mountains high &gt;Bring back glory to your name Austin's always been a fucking charismatic liar, but he's awful at lying. He didn't lose his religion before starting OM&amp;M - He was Christian for the fucking entirety of it.
What have you heard about Suicide Silence? Just the thing about Eddie a year or two back?
That very well might be, but you never know, dude. For all we know, with all these situations with girls, Austin could've given them the wink and the nudge like "eyyy, I'm about to -chill- with a girl, I'll be back later" and then the shit happened behind closed doors with no one around.
Wow, Austin, your mother must be so proud of you.
Yeah but people are still gonna act surprised that Jack Barakat of All Time Low has a fuckload of accusations about being a shitty guy to underage girls
Can you link me to the shit about Hayley Williams that you've read? I've always been a huge Paramore fan and super sorry for her. I remember one time her saying some shit like "Paramore getting famous was a blessing and a curse because I got famous but had to grow up on camera, I couldn't be a teenager or make mistakes, ever"
Yeah, it sucks because they save like five lives a minute, I never would've expected this
Hey man, it's chill, you made a mistake and owned up to it, I respect that
"just drink water, be positive, it's all in your head"
OP's just asking if he's ever openly discussed it, since James has brought it up before. It's not a creepy thing to ask about something James has willingly put out there, it's not like OP's asking about the names of his kids or some shit
I understand kicking out a guy you grew up with (especially, in Vic's case, his own brother) is hard as shit, and it may even take time to process and actually do, but I lost any and all fucking respect for them as soon as I saw that fucking cocksucker pop up again like nothing happened. The other three guys are huge pieces of shit for continuing to give Mike a platform and opportunities to prey on fans.
Is this as complicated as it sounds or am I just dumb..? I hate to ask this, but is there an easy-to-follow guide you know of? I'm dumb and old :(
Thank you for everything :) Hopefully I won't mess it up when I try it! Last thing.. Is there any downside to this? Like can I get banned for doing this?
Real quick question: If I wanted to share my library with someone, would I need their password, or would they need to give me theirs?
Whaa..? Only if I'm gamesharing, right? I'm able to play my own stuff when the internet is disconnected
I think one of the craziest things about the video is that Ryan goes HIYAH and none of the other dudes on the couch have any reaction, not a laugh, smile, anything
Honest to God fucked up up there by having a brainfart: Said X would be next instead of W. Keeping it as James saying X because somehow that's funnier to me
I know I just replied, but I just found out: Apparently AIC's debut record "Facelift" peaked at 42 on the top 200 billboard chart when it came out in 1990, so.. Maybe..?
Can honestly say I've never seen that, I made this about GTA V in particular because I'm -way- behind the curb and just started playing multiplayer with friends recently, but dang that's a coinkydink
This is one of the hottest takes I've ever seen
Yep, never even kicked him out
What've you heard about Vic?
Was probably just some shit they said. A bunch of grown-men up on stage, encouraging girls to throw their bras on stage, knowing their target audience? Yeah.. Not so good.
I think the main thing that sends people off about being a Mr. Bungle clone is the fact that the vocalist kinda sounds like he's imitating Patton a lot: The vocal inflections and all that shit. It's seriously impressive that he can, though, but I think that's why they're called a Bungle clone and not Tub Ring
It's honestly a joy to even just have silently going in the background. That movie's a visual treat
"Today I threw a bomb at the wall"
I get it! Goodass games for SNES like the DKC series, most of the Mario games, etc, you could beat in a night or two. You can get that complete experience without pouring 40+ hours into it or having to learn a bunch of game mechanics, grind for EXP, etc
How is Bowie even really a "what if" situation Like I get what you're saying but you had like 4 and a half decades of Bowie music by the time he died
Honestly not sure if I got whoosh'd or not, because I can see the argument of David Bowie being a "what if" scenario as in "I wonder what else he would've done" given that he was a very eclectic artist who kept pushing boundaries. I'd think it'd be more of a "whoosh" if the guy implied that we hardly got any material from Bowie and I fell for it.
Perhaps the whoosh lives in all of us, every day, we nurture and feed the whoosh whether we like to or not
None unfortunately :(
&gt; CEO Office with crates or cars - 3million min By this, do you mean buying a vehicle warehouse after getting an office?
Hey man, a week late but it's not your fault, some people here are pretty braindead and will suck Rockstar's dick to the grave, I feel you
Dead Cross wasn't too far off by itself tbh
I don't but this is a hilarious as fuck time to ask that question
Ugh that'd be shit. That needs to be one of the Jon-era games they don't touch again. There are plenty of Jon-era playthroughs I absolutely wouldn't mind them to return to, as long as the content was good, but coming straight out the gate, I don't think modern-day Arin and Dan would be able to compete to that original series, especially since Arin's already seen most of the bullshit that game has to offer
Not sure when this comment was posted, but he was in a Rental Review yesterday
He pelts around a story about "I lost faith in God and then found him again after leaving OM&amp;M" to be this huge redemption-arc for him, y'know, to appeal to a Christian audience, but he consistently wrote Christian songs with OM&amp;M. There was seemingly never a moment where he lost his faith in God, but he acts like there is, again, to have this redemption-arc for attention and to be able to speak for $$$ at public Christian events, thus also exposing him to God knows how many vulnerable teenage girls and women.
That's a great way to put it, actually
You do because u responded, hope I can keep u as a fan
Was there any porn on that site? I'd be tempted to look for a torrent of its database but.. Y'know, if there's any sketchy shit, nah
Is this a thing?
Hey, is there any way you can get these reuploaded and DM me? I'm afraid I don't know if I'd have anything worth trading, but I'd love to hear these if possible!!
Man.. How do people find this stuff??
Any idea if this'll ever be on streaming?
I really wish Alex would put the songs up for download or on streaming, because I hate having to rip these in YouTube quality
Why does Jesse constantly talk like he's "hip with the teens" while using tons of slang and shit that hasn't been used in years His tweets always read like predator chatlogs on To Catch a Predator
Is that group exclusively for the original Donkey Kong, or the SNES DKC games as well?
Quick question while we're here: How many controversies was Claire around for? Were they together when he posted his dick?
Yeah, now that you mention it, I feel like he'd abandon his channel and StoryFire in an instant if he was given the opportunity to join Team 10 and go "hella lit, bro, hella lit!" over and over in front of a camera all day
Looks dope. Is this a game with a ton of upgrades?
"Holy fuck, I can't believe Abbey Road just hit 1"
Isn't last.fm owned by some huge company behind the scenes? This might get downvoted, but if you're in a position where $3 seriously might cripple you during COVID-19, I'd unsubscribe, at least until a later date
Doubt my power some more dude
Predicting the future
Your mom made the change to my dick years ago
For anyone who finds this in the future, I -think- I fixed it: I had the "Bloods and the Crips" mod installed, it was in the same general area, it might've been causing everything to glitch out EDIT: It worked for about an hour or so, then a glitch happened yet again. No idea. Maybe there's an interfering mod quest nearby.
Having some goodass dinner man, wish I could share
Sorry I care more about dinner than impressing some dorkazoid on the internet
Not the guy you replied to, but my personal problem with a lot of that album is the fact that Em made beats that had tempos that didn't fit Tupac's vocals, and instead of slowing down the beats (a very easy process, all he'd have to do is change the tempo in a DAW or something), he sped up Tupac's vocals.. There are parts on that album where it sounds like Tupac's in full Tech N9ne mode when he originally wasn't, and Em could've just fixed it by slowing down the beats
that or he and Biggie would be voicing characters in a new Ice Age movie by Dreamworks
"Splat!" is a certified hood classic
We make jokes here a lot, but you gotta give credit when it's due: Ryan, if you're reading this, good job, dude, keep that shit up
It's all about the hairline, man, but I will agree on that - Most dudes look better bald, I'm finding. I like myself better shaved
Is anyone else's adblock fucking up because of this?
Nah it took a year didn't it?
Crazy how this seems like an entirely different person: Charismatic, hyper, goofy, etc.. Annoying? Sure, but a positive energy on the channel. Now Mike just seems so fucking frustrated with life
I don't think OP's doubting that it's SOAD, just that James used to mispronounce it
I've got 211 X songs in my iTunes (yeah, I can't let go), and that's disregarding features. Dude made a lot of music mang
All respect due to Mac, but X was easily so much bigger than Mac, dude.
Am I too high or is it hard to follow along with that phrase
U gettin frisky on me
As in "unreleased stuff" you mean the stuff after he died?
Lucky!! I would've loved to get the magazine or poster :( Arghhh What is that in the packing to "Emotion"? A ring? Necklace?
I wouldn't say so homie
It typically always happens in July, don't worry buddy
It's time for the weekly break huh
Hit too close to home? Take it up with him, not me
Why does everyone keep using that photoshopped pic of X lmao He's not smiling in the original photo, they just ran the original photo through an app that adds smiles
Hmm but coincidentally there's nothing funny about saying "fail." in 2020 so I guess we're at a standstill. Maybe you can catch up to the rest of us in the current year soon
Sounds like you got mad, welcome to the internet &lt;3(:
I mean.. There's still a chance of a major summer sale, isn't there? Typically most of them have happened in July
Where can you even do that? I was under the impression that the area around there had invisible walls around the railings
I'd be surprised if there was anyone here that doesn't typically use that method tbh
Probably because it was basically just Assassin's Creed. I can't really think of anything in that trailer that wasn't already in AC or went on to be implemented.
I'm not sure Repzilla is the right person to give advice when he's the guy that publicly tweeted out that he doesn't like black people.
how can a joke fly that far above your head
But Kieran I love you
Justin is fuckin hot dude, but don't let Caveman get to u, he still upset over a mammoth getting away
You still have that tape or nah?
Do you have any experience with this? I'm afraid of it glitching out somehow, or not converting over to Australian dollar :(
Not too sure that's an option right now :( What with passwords and all Your friend sounds awesome tho
I wouldn't go that far, man, and I just respect privacy concerning stuff like that. I haven't even asked them if I could have their password, just tryna respect their privacy.
/u/Vistrus /u/SatanicWereWolf Can either of you help me? I hate having to tag the mods here, because y'all probably get tagged in enough stuff as it is, but this is insane. I feel like I need to message higher-ups about this: For some reason, the team has decided they don't like me (despite me never insulting them or anything, I've tried to be as patient and co-operative as I could) and are straight-up refusing to interact with me.. And I have no idea why.
Thank you for this!! I'm just.. At a total loss. This company truly doesn't give a fuck about its customers to the point where they're acting like immature teenagers and playing favorites instead of, y'know, doing their jobs.
If you don't mind me asking, what steps did you take to file an FCC report? I've never done such a thing - Does it cost money?
Well, I'm still stuck. They're responding to other people publicly but not me. I'm honestly really pissed at the blatant disrespect being shown to me, as a paying customer who has been extremely patient with them. This is insane.
Bastrop Texas should do this!
Well, the problem I'm having is that (keep in mind I'm not too technologically literate) the lights on my router are slightly off. Everything's green except for my Upload, and it shows - It takes long as fuck to upload images. They recommend me unplug and then replug the coax cable while it's turned off, and I did to no avail, then they were trying to sell me on having someone come out for $60 and I questioned them on why I have to spend -more- money to get something I'm already spending money on to work. They haven't been replying to me ever since, even when I asked if there was an outage in my area. So as it looks like right now, I'm paying to have a shitty as fuck upload rate and they don't care.
Timestamp?
The shadows not working in Blacklist was horrific enough.
Has all of DKC3's soundtrack been restored? I remember checking on it a while back and it was still a work in progress
Kickass, thank you!! And yeah, whoever's making this is insanely talented at bringing these beautiful compositions back to what they (probably) initially were. I wonder if he'll ever move on to recreating other soundtracks?
Three questions, I hope that's fine: 1. Do you ever get anxiety before posting a music review that is clearly an unpopular opinion? 2. What do you think is the future of last.fm? 3. Have you ever had any thoughts of reuniting Taiga for at least one show, or making new music (Taiga or not) in general? Been a fan since 2010, hope you're doing well and keeping safe out here in these streets, man
Can you tell me more about Starlink? This is the first I'm hearing of it - When will it be available? And will it be available in rural areas? Otherwise - Yeah, fuck Suddenlink.
