I guess the message here is that it's the one time of the year corporations bring out their friendly gay face, but then it becomes July and they go right back to oppressing gay people the rest of the year.
How did we lose? What were the terms? As far as I can tell, this subreddit still exists and we still cross-post content from frenworld here to laugh at them, so the status quo hasn't even changed.
I'm just interpreting what the meme is saying doesn't mean I agree with it. Also Chick-fil-A.
Your statement implies what the banks did was a crime. The problem for Obama was nothing they did was illegal at the time, operative phrase being at the time. You can't arrest people for being bad at business and you can't make something a crime and then retroactively apply it. The 2008 financial collapse was the result of deregulation in the banking business, Glass-Stegal being the biggest as it separated investment and commercial banks. Obama did put in place new regulations to prevent another collapse, regulations Trump has torn down. This is why Wall Street loves Trump.
Open world fantasy game? I don't know.
I want to make a game about the Night Witches and watch these guys engage in some good, old-fashioned confused screaming.
The Epic Games Store kind of snoopes around your computer without asking permission. It looks for and makes a copy of your localconfig.vdf Steam file. Epic says they need to do this because the EGS needs to get info from your Steam friends list so that you can play on the EGS client games with people on your friend list using the Steam client. However Tencent owns 40% of Epic Games stock so conspiracy theories regarding Chinese spyware ran rampant when users noticed the EGS's behavior.
As a straight man I can bring up my wife in conversation and it's not a big deal. If I was gay I should be able to comfortably bring up my husband and not deal with some neckbeard complain about me forcing the gay agenda down their throats.
I know this game. Do you look like [this](http://cdn.directexpose.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/NA14.jpg)? If not, you're not an American.
And let's assume for a minuet it was a factor: WHY TRUMP?!
Listen to me Trump you need more liver spots. Let me get some HCl, chicks dig acid burns.
Haha that's why you're a stupid libcucktardsoy. Real racists aren't racists, only the people fighting racism are. All of this makes sense if you huff enough paint thinner.
It's more complex than that. See we know for a fact that some groups did come from Beringia. It's just that we know now that not ALL groups did. This is because genetic analysis of South American indigenous peoples in the Andes have more in common with Polynesians than with North American indigenous peoples. Humans are technically not native anywhere on the planet besides Africa, this is why the term indigenous means the first group of people to settle an area.
People of color is effectively non-white.
I want to be clear I'm talking about characters here not the actors who play them. I think Bryce Dallas Howard did fine with the material she had, she just had bad material. My biggest problem with the JW cast is that they are all stock characters, all of them no exceptions. Henry Wu has been turned into a generic evil scientist. Owen is a stock rugged manly individualist who knows more through his intuition than those stupid scientists. Claire is the independent career oriented woman who puts her job before her family but ultimately learns that family is more important and then quits her job to settle down with a man (this is why I put "strong female protagonist" in quotation marks, compare her arc to Ellie where she doesn't end up with any man at then of JP). Claire is the only character who got a character arc but that's because the character arc comes baked into her stock character archetype. Meanwhile Owen has no arc, he's effectively the lead character but he has no growth: he starts Jurassic World knowing that militarizing dinosaurs and treating them like assets is a bad idea and he ends Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom in the same place.
Right except what this meme is saying that being born in the geographical confines of Germany doesn't make you German unless you're white. So following that logic (and also to remind the Top Minds that white people are indigenous to North America) being born in North America doesn't make you American unless you're Native American.
This is something I actually rage against because it makes it easier to be a criminal and get away with it as long as you're a Republican. If a Democrat does a naughty you can be reliably sure both sides will demand his resignation. If a Republican does a naughty, the GOP will defend him.
Everyone with skin darker than a paper bag are all conspiring to eliminate the white race by breeding with all the hot blonde girls who won't date me.
Now it might not make any sense and in fact be completely impossible that billions of people, many of whom belong to groups who hate each other, would conspire simply to wipe out a particular skin tone but I choose to filter everything through the lens of my own virginity and sexual insecurity. The alternative would be to recognize I alone am to blame for my own pain and loneliness in between acts of hiding in escapist fantasies but that would be too painful.
The Witcher 3 has a white cover background. That's why we praise Geraldo.
Hair dye bad.
So both Onyx Path and Modiphius are making VtM books?
Anyone who thinks Bethesda were ever good game designers have never played Battlespire. The company excels in a single area: big open worlds. Deny them that and they produce a game were because of bugs you can't walk in a straight line and saving too many times can corrupt all your save files. After promising they wouldn't ship until the game was 100% bug free.
It's always the same cognitive dissonance. Clinton is powerful enough to control all levels of government but can't right an election.
What exactly do gay furries think is going to happen to them.if they get their way?
Wouldn't the presence of a strong economy attract illegal immigration in the first place?
The Nazi furries. Like let's assume they get their way and the Fourth Reich is in power and it's murdering all the degenerates. When do they finally realize they are among the "degenerates"? Is it when they are going up against the wall?
No it supports your claim. Illegal immigrants don't flock to places that aren't hiring.
They never wanted art, they wanted escapism.
So here's some context. Ubisoft Paris makes Ghost Recon Wildlands, a game in which Bolivia is described as a "narco-state" controlled by a cocaine cartel. The Bolivian government issues a formal complaint to France with threats of legal action. Then all of a sudden Ubisoft scrams all potentially politically-incorrect content from Far Cry 5 and The Division 2 and then announces that they won't be releasing any games with political themes in order to be more mature. So what I think happened is that the studio got in hot water with the French government who told them to knock that shit off.
They support pride month.
Politics is things I don't like and the more things I don't like the more political it is.
Congratulations: you know more about the US Constitution than the average Libertarian "Constitutional literalist".
Yes.
This is so bizarre because we've basically watched the two sides sort of ideologically flip simply on this issue. It's liberals who have adopted a laizze-faire, let the companies decide what content goes on their platform and then the market will react in accordance, while the right-wing has adopted this insane, big government position that private companies must be forced to host content they find objectionable.
And they're whole identity is yelling at women and minorities.
This character from what I've read appears to be a thin-blood Autarkis who stays out of the Jyhad by being too weak and powerless to be of use to anyone. You can see him the announcement trailer pour blood from a blood bag into a glass.
Far from being a company that rushes out shovelware they seem to care about their products and really immerse themselves in the properties they work on. But they're games end up being ambitious but kind of rubbish. They lack the talent to properly execute their vision.
Medical cures are poison, unlike real poison which is the real cure.
I guess it doesn't bother them that Bill never said "Gender is determined by chromosomes" in the original run of Bill Nye the Science Guy and in that scene he's simply showing kids what chromosomes look like. Also there's the obvious more likely explanation for all of this: our understanding of science changed in 20 years.
Yes it was that one. Now you see my concern.
Here's the citation: [https://www.polygon.com/2019/3/20/18274359/metro-exodus-epic-games-store-steam-exclusive-gdc-2019](https://www.polygon.com/2019/3/20/18274359/metro-exodus-epic-games-store-steam-exclusive-gdc-2019) Oh wait it's the fucking opposite of what idiot Redditors tell each other in their echo-chambers. Go figure.
Define bombing? Because Metro Exodus sold 2.5 x more on the EGS at launch than Last Light did on Steam.
Crowdfunding is still a powerful tool that allows small indie devs to get games on the market that AAA publishers wouldn't or couldn't give a shit about. A buyer beware caveat is on them but at this point I've learned how to spot which projects will be successful and which ones will flop. For example the BattleTech Kickstarter had only four stretch goals with no more even if they exceeded them, the team knew enough about their capabilities that they could properly plot out what they could do and get done in three years. Even then the game shipped without the promised Solaris VII multiplayer because their sole multiplayer lead designer had to resign his job due to health and personal reasons the game's community didn't care because the single-player base game was what we really wanted anyway.
I still don't understand why you're trying to make this sound like a failure. Deep Silver has in fact literally said that the sales of Metro Exodus on the EGS exceeded quarterly expectations. “Epic Games store has exceeded our expectations in terms of sales in actual units of both Metro Exodus and Satisfactory during the quarter,” Wingefors tells us. “Epic Games store is in fact the group’s leading digital platform in terms of revenue generated by units sales in the quarter ending March.” https://www.pcgamesn.com/metro-exodus/sales I also stand by my earlier statement that Last Light Redux sold better than Last Light because of the lower retail price. Furthermore even the regular version of Last Light sold more copies at launch than Metro 2033 did at launch so the series has consistently sold more than the previous non-remake entry each time.
Yes and I'm not going to lie, the first Witcher game was so rough that they had to pull it from stores and re-release it the next year.
Those kids are ready for some R-rated movies.
What's really going on is that there's this minority pushing an agenda (stop hating us for existing) and the majority is going along with it because it seems like a nice thing to do, and there's a tiny minority pushing back because they really do just want to hate the first group for simply existing.
Yes the concept of nuclear fission was understood. But no one knew how to make a working nuclear bomb until the Manhattan Project. So the word invented remains appropriate because invention is all about taking scientific concepts and applying them towards a new technology.
That's not how we do things here.
As a tough manly conservative alpha I'll have you know that KFC once under cooked by chicken tendies and I only screamed and cried and threatened arson over it for four hours.
But you can and the fact we know Trump did means he's either stupid and obstructed an investigation when he was innocent, is actually guilty and was trying to cover his ass badly, or both because if you're under investigation for crimes, why not commit more?
Gee I wonder why that happened?
No.
The mod message on that thread said "Comments locked because you can't behave like adults."
Here's the thing though, while within the Republican party establishment there's the whole cult of the Almighty CEO but within Trump's alt-right base there's a lot of animosity towards the wealthy they just hide it in the language of the greedy Jew, globalists, and the costal elites. The alt-right isn't motivated by classism though, they just want to be rich and are jealous of the rich but frankly what they care more about then anything when it comes to entertainment is white male power fantasies. So they can ignore the political message of Cyberpunk until the digital cows come home so long as there's a white man's hand on the trigger of the high-tech murder device and they don't politically identify to strongly with their victims. This is why they're so triggered by transgender characters and female protagonists.
It's the Hebrews fault. They should have kept to the Covenant better. There I just summarized all the Prophets for you.
Help someone put shit in my pants!
In North Korea the government forces the people to worship the leader. In the US a small subset do it voluntarily.
One thing no one has mentioned but I want to bring attention to: I think the forms are better balanced in Forsaken and shapeshifting is less of a hassle in Forsaken than in Apocalypse. In Apocalypse you roll Stamina + Primal Urge to shapeshift, each form has a different difficulty and the number of successes is based off how far the form you wish to shift to is from your current form. Shifting from Homid to Lupus is therefore the most difficult roll, requiring 4 successes. Don't have a dice pool of 4? Then you'll have to gradually shift forms until you're in the one you want. Or spend Rage and hope you don't frenzy. Also Primal Urge is a skill and it's skill you need to do the most basic werewolf thing imaginable, which means it's a skill everyone needs to spend dots on. Every single WoD game has something like this, some skill or background or ability that pretty much everyone needs. That's bad game design especially in an RPG. &amp;#x200B; In Forsaken you just shift as an immediate action into whichever form you desire. The only resource you need to spend is Essence and that just makes it go faster. Unless you're at Harmony five at which point shifting is a reflexive action, no Essence required. But wait it gets better: each form has its own associated free ability. This makes every form useful. Let me ask you something about Apocalypse: why would you ever use Hispo when the stat array for Crinos is so much better? The stats are better, the damage is better, and you can still wield weapons and klaives in Crinos. And since the majority of Apocalypse characters are going to be Homid breed, that only compounds the problem because Hispo is a harder form to take (Difficulty 7, 3 successes) than Crinos (Difficulty 6, 2 successes). There's literally no reason to ever take Hispo, it doesn't even cause Delirium. Why does that form even exist? In Forsaken the stats for Urshul are better balanced, a +2 to all physical abilities plus the ability to inflict combat tilts when you do damage. That's because Urshul is the default combat form, Gauru is the killing form, meant only when the chips are down and you need to make sure that every bastard in the room needs to die and die NOW! &amp;#x200B; TL;DR shapeshifting in Forsaken requires no rolls, brings no possibility of raging when you were just trying to sneak around as a wolf, and every form is useful and the stats for each form are better balanced. EDIT: I completely forgot about wolf senses. Forsaken is so much better about conveying and using the massive olfactory abilities of wolves than Apocalypse does. Tell me how often in Apocalypse did you use Lupus to go around sniffing for clues? Because in Forsaken there are many times where I've investigated a scene in Urhan going around sniffing at tables and the carpet.
Not just suspension of disbelief, how about being disruptive to trying to solve problems in the game. I have this ability, I believe the ability should let me do this, but I can't because of arbitrary gameplay restrictions. This makes trying to figure out what I can and can't do with powers harder because instead of using abilities intuitively and organically I instead have to think like a game designer and suddenly it's like playing bad 90's adventure games again.
Officially the purpose of the Ferals (yes that's their technical name) is Gaia's vengence. They're out to kill humans for harming nature. Unfortunately the morality is all kinds of screwed up. There's multiple instances in the book's fiction where they kill humans for mercy killing animals; one where a werehorse named Dr. Epona Steed (yes that's her name) kills a vet for killing horses with broken legs, and another where a weredog kills a dog-fight organizer after putting down a dog to wounded to live. The problem is that in the section on weredogs it specifically mentions that weredogs love illegal underground dog fighting, they just don't like it when humans put down the dogs who are so badly messed up by the dog fighting that every minuet they breath is agony.
Okay but as a video game you know there have to be limitations. A computer can't think or be creative. It can't create new art assets on the spot or invent new dialogue out of thin cloth. So a computer game is only as reactive as the developers thought before hand it can be. Also while it might not be about balance, allowing players to abuse powers like Nebulation could result in them getting stuck in out of bounds areas, accidentally sequencing breaking quests and breaking them, stuff like that. When we're talking about balancing in a single-player game, we're talking less about players making overpowered builds and more about players accidentally making progress impossible.
Second edition fixed that. There's a Facet of the Gift of Change called the Father's Form that allows Uratha to take on Gauru outside of combat at the expense of not gaining the crazy fast regeneration (Gauru in 2E heals all bashing and lethal damage each round). In the Storytellers chapter it even says "Yeah just give everyone this power if you want to". However, and this is my own personal taste, I actually don't like Crinos/Gauru all that much. If you go back to classic werewolf folk lore the stories are all about people who turn into wolves, not human/wolf hyrbids. The various hybrid forms are artifacts of the modern era, normally from classic werewolf movies where it was easy to have an actor in "werewolf" make-up then deal with trying to have trained animals on set. There is a show called Bitten about werewolves and in that show the werewolves do in fact change into wolves because now we have pretty good looking affordable CGI.
It's terrible for ambushes because it has a cumulative size penalty to stealth of -1. Meanwhile Urhan gives you +3 to stealth from being a size smaller and a +2 bonus to Dexterity.
What breaking point?
Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice has been called a walking simulator even though it has combat, it's just that it has very long breaks between combat encounters.
Off that sounds rough. I don't know maybe death is the answer.
\&gt;&gt;V5 ruined Vampire beyond recognition \&gt;&gt;V5 is just riding on the popularity of V20. Holy shit V20 fans pick one.
Here's how I see. Let's look back on VtM:BL objectively. * The combat mechanics were borked, especially ranged combat which was usually not useful to even bother with. * The animations were super janky * The Nosferatu Warrens * The way the interesting, varied role-playing experience that allowed for every possible build to be viable slowly faded away into a game which was just one long combat slog after another * The game launched in a state that was hopelessly unplayable for the majority of users and required several fan made patches to get it working With all of this in mind the only reason why people love this game so much is because of the writing. And they brought back the original writer.
1: No. You unlock a Gift when you buy a Facet in it. Once a Gift is unlocked you buy the other Facets in it at the Unlocked Gift price. The only exception is Wolf Gifts which all count as being unlocked even if you don't have any Facets in them. 2: If you gain Renown you always gain a free Facet. If the Renown is Auspice Renown you get the next Facet in your Moon Gift. If it's any other Renown you gain a Facet in either an unlocked Shadow Gift, or a Wolf Gift Facet you don't have yet of that Renown. 3: Correct, it has to match the Renown. You cannot even use a Facet that uses Renown you lack. You cannot buy Honor Facets if you have no dots in Honor. 4: That is correct. You do not need to spend additional experience to unlock the Wolf Gifts, they already are unlocked by simple virtue of being a werewolf.
I first noticed him when he posted a video called "Battleborn Wasn't Killed It Was Murdered" and I thought that it was an okay but over-dramatic look into what went wrong with that game's development. But then I started getting more recs from YouTube and I noticed a pattern, every game was getting murdered. Then after a few months of inactivity in the recs I saw his new video on Breath of the Wild and while I found his reporting and research videos okay, his opinion videos are some hot garbage. His video on Breath of the Wild was on how innovative it was and it lacked any and all explanation of the innovations. It was like 11 minuets of a guy complaining about Ubisoft open world tropes and then announcing how innovative Zelda is with no explanation as to how an Ubisoft game requiring you to scale a tower to unravel parts of the map is dumb and boring and gamers hate it, but then Zelda doing the exact same thing is now innovative. Then he did a video series on the Far Cry series and it was more hot garbage. Basically Ubisoft bad, Nintendo good, when they're doing the same thing. Ultimately don't much care for him. He's basically okay when examining games as a product, explaining why certain games financially fail, but he can't analyze or critique games as an art form. He has no idea why Jason Brody as a protagonist works for Far Cry 3's story, he just announces he's a shitty character and the grizzled veteran brother who dies at the beginning should have been the real protagonist.
They are not but if I pretend they are I can also pretend I'm not a sexist, leering, pervert who gets banned from MTG tournaments and cons for sexual harassment.
It won't be the meat industry it will be ranchers.
Good job Bethesda you turned Fallout into a bunch of memes with no thematic cohesion. "War never changes" doesn't mean anything it's just what we say before the game starts. You know how the Godzilla movie franchise started off as this critique of nuclear power but by the end of the 60's he was this kid friendly hero saving the world from aliens? That's what Fallout has become only worse because Godzilla never made nukes look fun or strayed from it's environmental themes, it just became dumb. Fallout is dumb but also soulless, a zombie wandering around muttering: "Nuk-a-cola...Pip Boys...power armor..." It needs to die.
The Gentlemen Gamer has you covered for all your vampire lore needs.
"Ancient Greece followed Christianity" well I mean eventually, yes. But the problem with a game set 431 BC is the BC.
He thinks there were Christians 431 years before Jesus.
The Empire didn't make Christianity the state religion until Constantine did it around 306 CE. Almost 700 years after this game.
Gay wasn't invented until the 1970's as a way for society to oppress gamers.
Even if he is thinking of post-Constantine Eastern Roman Empire he's still stupid because that's over 700 years later.
/uj Are you also being sarcastic because I was? &amp;#x200B; /rj It helps mask the hollowness inside.
It's 2019 and they're still going on about Pizzagate.
I looked it up. There's three writing credits: Hunter Denis, Chuck Konzelman, and Cary Solomon. All of them write shlocky Christian propaganda movies. Chuck wrote another one from 2010 starring Kevin Sorbo called "What If..." which is basically A Wonderful Life, but done badly.
We're on the road for the slow apocalypse.
Shatner?
* All that requires for an empty tomb is to have no body. Therefore an empty is just as much proof that Jesus never existed to begin with. Try better. * No one cares what a bunch of Christian scholars believe about Jesus, they have a bias. * There is no evidence the Ark of the Covenant ever existed. The fact that it's secretly hidden means it's far more likely it never existed to begin with. Ethiopia defeated Italy the first time around because militarily, Italy was a god-damn joke. Also the country WAS ruled by Europeans from 1936-1947 and it was the UK that granted them independence. Lastly why on Earth does being a US protectorate mean it's under protection from God? Also Ethiopia has been the site of so many famines and crises that if God is looking after them, he's doing a shitty job. * There's no logical reason at all to conclude the crucifixion of Jesus, for which there is no evidence for ever happening not even in Roman criminal records, would have anything to do with the Nero's destruction of the 2nd Temple and the Jewish diaspora in 70 CE unless you're desperately clutching at straws.
So this one is really interesting. Charles R Knight had the right idea. He looked at dinosaur bones and noticed that they really did have more in common with birds than modern reptiles so he envisioned the Dryptosaurus as a fast, agile predator. Unfortunately he was ahead of his time and the paradigm changed. Paleontologists didn't have a good explanation at the time for why, if dinosaurs were so dominant, they aren't around anymore and the explanation was that they were too slow and dumb and mammals ended up eating all their eggs and out-breeding them. So for nearly 100 years the paradigm of slow, dumb, lizard-like dinosaurs dragging their tails on the ground dominated paleo-art and pop culture. Sadly pop culture is only starting to catch up.
They do!
Here it is: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35IqrqIevrs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35IqrqIevrs) And for good measure, here is The Code. Not a down time story but it is a story of players going off the rails and getting the whole party killed: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzOvTavIn40](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzOvTavIn40)
The Ancients used the native flora of the Pacific Northwest to terraform the Universe because it's pretty.
He's also a N- solicit E- nudes R- from D- teens
Requiem. No metaplot, less lore, better mechanics, it's easier to customize.
Fanatics never change. The idol can be this chill dude who spreads peace and acceptance and his followers are always like "We found a non-believer, may we kill him?"
Kids need to like all the same things I liked 10 years ago.
\&gt; But the games from ID and Machinegames are outstanding Rage 2
I still found it a worthy successor to the first Rage: bland and boring.
It's amazing what happens when you frame "You can have a male voice on a female body" from wacky comedy option in Saints Row to serious non-binary gender expression option.
How do you use it in a non-derogatory way when the word literally comes from heteronormative guys being afraid of finding the cute girl they were hitting on has a dick?
Best game recipe Writing: Metal Gear Solid Storytelling: Super Mario 64 RPG Elements: Clash of Clans Level Gameplay: Sonic Boom
Classic WoW experience Hail might adventurer. I need you to acquire 5 wyvern intestines. Please set aside the next 36 hours of your life because the drop rate on them is really, really, low.
Fucking casuals. Really Zelda fans played Zelda's Adventure.
I'm a sucker for robot humor so even though I usually can't stand Claptrap's intentionally annoying guy is still annoying thing, some of Anthony's jokes made me laugh. Especially the line "If it sounds like I'm having a good time, I'm not. This is just my default tone of voice. I'm actually quite depressed."
He's not lying. He said it's not longer a felony. That is true. It's now a misdemeanor. A misdemeanor offense is still a crime. That being said the thing he's bitching about is a waste of time. Night City takes place in the Free State of Northern California, which is not the same state as the California Republic and therefore would have different laws.
It's literally every post-nuclear-apocalypse since Mad Max.
It requires a special kind of asshole to engage in stolen PMC valor.
There are people who fall for this kind of stochastic terrorism. Someone has to start at the beginning of the alt-right pipeline.
They're not tricking liberals but they are tricking very dense centrists.
You were banned because there's no way they can answer that question without revealing that they're engaged in covert Holocaust denial with cookies being used to represent Jews. Because you asked you drew attention to it while also demonstrating you already weren't in on the latest crypto-fascist shibboleths so the path of least resistance was to permanently ban you from the community and then go dark. My question is: what on Earth did you see in frenworld in the first place? I mean there's a non-Nazi version called apuworld but without the Nazis it's just really dumb drawings of some ugly Pepe rip-off, and I hated Pepe before he became a crypto-fascist symbol.
No it was hot garbage. And of course it was a hit. Episode 1 we didn't know. Episode 2 we thought it might be a hoax. Episode 3 everyone knew it was going to suck but we saw it anyway because we're fucking sheep.
Nazi clown frog.
Keanu Reeves has been popular on Reddit for several years now, mostly thanks to stories of people personally encountering him and discovering he's a remarkably nice man. Then there are also the stories of him helping people and animals which Reddit is always a sucker for. This makes the obsessive fan following around him even funnier. They like Keanu because he's the nicest guy in Hollywood, and then they want to kill a kid who is too young to know who he is from all of his R-rated movies (Johnny Mnemonic, Point Blank, The Matrix, Constantine, John Wick).
This is the thing I really hate about what GamerGate did to online game discussion: it's made a certain percentage of people in the discussion hostile towards any serious discussion of gaming as an artform. Journalists who criticize Modern Warfare for it's incoherence are more respectful to games than idiots like CleanPrinceGaming who just want to have fun without thinking too hard about stuff.
Cuz they're hot.
If you think about it, the wall is just a metaphor for the hatred of others that Trump built inside our hearts.
It's because they're facing very serious accusations of racism and they're going about it in the most childish way imaginable: "I know you are but what am I?" Pointing out that the parties flipped political axis over the issue of civil rights is counter-productive to the narrative that Democrats have always been Southern racists. Of course this forms a paradox with their defense of Confederate war monuments featuring the same Democratic racists they'll throw under the bus the moment it suits them.
Nestle does not believe water is a right. Bayer experimented on people in third world nations. ExxonMobil knew climate change was happening for decades and surpressed the science and sowed distrust in the public. BUT EA BAD
And like Christians, Keanu's followers seek to kill non-believers.
But Godzilla (with the exception of the MonsterVerse) is always unnatural with no real place in the world. He's always a product of man's unchecked abuse of mother nature either through nuclear bomb testing or dumping waste into the environment.
Why do you think?
You can fuck the computer. That's what makes Saint's Row great.
No they don't.
He's a Spartan general who becomes a demigod servant of Ares. It wasn't revealed he was a son of Zeus until the third game.
CDPR gud, EA bad, creep on Japanese lady.
Honestly he'd enjoy Pathfinder more. It has more avenues for builds and exploits. But it might exasperate his problem of dropping a character to bring in a new one.
Ubisoft had a rough patch but they've pulled themselves out of it.
Let me be clear about something: none of those games were released in as bad a state as FO76. But more importantly even if 76 did launch in the usual Bethesda standard it would still be something sinister that the game community should have despised when it was announced and it's something Todd Howard said in an interview. He said that he was amazed by the millions of people still playing Skyrim and Fallout 4 and lamented how there was no way to "engage" with them. He used engage but what I think he meant to say was "exploit". All these people still enjoying Skyrim and Fallout 4 and we can't make any more money off of them. If only there was someway to make money off of them. And they tried. It was called the Bethesda Creation Club where they tried to sell microtransaction DLC to players of Skyrim and Fallout 4 but there was one problem: both of those games had huge, vibrant modding communities and the Creation Club couldn't compete with free. If only we could make a Bethesda game but it can't have mod support so we can plug these micropayment DLCs without competing against our own players, but we also want to spend as little time and money on it so let's also remove all the story and NPCs so we can just shart it out as quickly as possible. Why do you think the game went on discount a week after launch? Why do you think they tried to give away not enough Atoms to buy anything when people originally complained about the bag? Why do you think it's an "Always Online Games as Service" game? It's a milking machine and god knows how many fucking gamers shat themselves in excitement over the ability for Bethesda to spend years exploiting them.
Loot boxes really weren't a forming of gambling until Valve made CS:GO.
He probably thought his meme magic was going to halt the Blue Wave.
Literally every poll. The NPC meme was an alt-right meme that portrayed anyone to the left of them as unthinking automatons. It coincided with the other alt-right memes of the 2018 election, #WalkAway and Blexit as a form of "I know you are but what am I" elementary school arguments regarding criticisms that the right-wing was filled with racists who unquestioningly accept everything Trump says as truth.
What's the source on Brie Larson hates men? I'm sure it's overblown.
It's also ablest as well and it ignores the fact that the DSM-V recommends sex transitioning as the proper treatment for body dismorphia. I have no idea what they seem to think the proper response to people with gender body dismorphia is, force them into staying the sex they don't identify with? They call the cure the illness given how often they talk about chopping dicks off. Their ideas on sex and mental illness are hopelessly stuck in the 19th century.
A game where the flagship character is a canonical lesbian.
Imagine if they reduced the size of Cloud's iconic giant hair spike.
I love how they've found a negative way to spin "they vote for the party that looks out for their interests".
As someone on the spectrum I enjoy the mental image of allegedly adult neurotypicals engaging in what is effectively a behavior over kids liking something they don't.
Why on Earth do you think I'm one of the Top Minds? The sheer number of corporations slathering themselves in rainbows this month proves being homophobic is not a money making decision. Companies are amoral profit makers, they follow the money. Google might put up rainbow flags one month out of the year and fire employees who write racist manifestos but they're also going to oppose all regulations and get out of paying taxes.
Wouldn't have a refugee crisis in Central America, if the USA didn't keep pissing all over the continent.
So do SJWs hate Cyberpunk or are they ruining it?
Jokes on everyone, punks where the original social justice warriors.
Ah the US. Homosexuality bad, incest good.
Hey everyone To-Rodd Boward (yeah that's good) here letting you know that Fallout 76 has an amazing nuke based battle royale mode and also the Atomic Shop has amazing bargains that aren't predatory at all.
It's not the full Clan. It's the neonates. The SI has decimated the youngest members of the Sabbat and the elders have abandoned North American to got and eat Methuselahs in the Middle-East so without any support the young Lasombra are trying to get in the Camarilla. There were always Lasombra antitribu in the Camarilla anyway.
Hey guys here's a screenshot me deleting the Reddit app posted to Reddit which means I haven't deleted shit yet. You know where the upvotes are.
[When Trump supporters call him daddy.](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/284/909/028.png)
Conservatives freak out at being in a concentration camp and then tell us the child concentration camps they built aren't that bad.
You want to be dead in four years?
Imagine thinking that's the problem with EA.
Let's face it. They will.
This has always been Square's MO. I'm convinced water plays such a huge visual theme in FF X was to show off their water rendering technology on the new PS2.
This is too approach to meat space women as well.
You arresting me for murder proves the Joker was right about society.
Hey kids you tried sticking it to The Man, but now the hip counter culture thing is sticking up for The Man.
Yes.
Are they gaslighting themselves there are four flags in that image.
Rights for me not thee.
My friend's ex-girlfriend's dad was a police sergeant and she volunteered for some police drills and the sad truth is they're trained to be trigger happy. She did a suicide drill and was told to hold a knife to her kneck and say "I'm going to kill myself" and trainee fired on her (with blanks). Apparently that was the right move because she had a deadly weapon.
Hi there. Can you tell I was going to be in a movie directed by Hideaki Anno?
Except some of those games are good. I wish there was an "asset-flip" filter or an "achievement spammer" filter because that's the real crap.
I really want to see her cast in Dune with the blue on blue. [Edit: so I did.](https://imgur.com/44G6QiC)
Shin is actually in English, it's a reference to how this Godzilla had such thicc legs.
Help I've been banned for Reddit. My social security number is
Debating is when you call the other person a socialist and storm off set.
I'm not a Nazi. You can tell by the way I'm sieg heiling mein Furher.
I have some crystals. Leave them charged in the sun over the course of a day and they'll suck all the vaccine toxins right out of you. Big Pharma doesn't care about wellness they just want to suck money out of you. Anyway it's $99.99 for some of these crystals.
Ha ha this is a good satirical headline. Oh wait it's not.
Depends on which version? Mechagodzilla 1 was more on the evil side. Mechagodzilla 2 was just a giant mecha built to look like Godzilla. And Mechagodzilla 3/Kiryu just wanted to go back to his eternal rest and resented being turned into a mecha to fight his son.
Needs Godzilla Jr.
Other videos ideas to churn out. Cyberpunk 2077 to be controlled by some form of human/machine interface. Cyberpunk 2077 could be broadcast to our eyes on the visible spectrum of light by a photon emiting device. Music for Cyberpunk 2077: confirmed.
I know a great way to kill CDPR: turn them into a monopoly.
I still remember in 2016 when Trump supports told me Hillary Clinton was a Saudi ally and Trump would stand up to them. WERE ARE YOU NOW?
Yeah you know, good guys.
And unlike in the movie GM was successful. Oh hi global warming what are you doing here?
I love the first one because it's classic Le Enlightened Centricism: Trump is dumb but so are people who accept science.
Which is the really boring one that keeps trying to make you babysit a fat Slavic immigrant, and which is the one that dysfunctionally jumps between three different stories and can't tell any of them competently as a result?
You're not going to be able to run any 32-bit executables at all now.
To be fair making college affordable and accessible to everyone is a conservative nightmare.
Game exclusive to $300 Nintendo console? I sleep. Game exclusive to free client? REAL SHIT!!!!
It's an edit of a different comic.
But Bethesda isn't making Doom Eternal that's Id. We just live in a world where the company that made The Elder Scrolls: Arena now owns the company that made Doom.
I would not call a game that is broken on every fundamental level mediocre. And it wasn't just the game but almost everything attached to it. If you were dumb enough to get the expensive collector's edition (first of all I hope you learned something) but not only did you get a cheap garbage bag instead of the advertised canvas one, not only did the customer support system you would have to use to get your canvas bag was so broken it doxed you, but the helmet that also came with the game might have given you a mold infection. Also Bethesda's inconsistent refund policy where they started off randomly giving away refunds before refusing all refunds has been considered illegal by the US courts and they're now being sued in a class action lawsuit. Don't forget that Bethesda's attempts at moderating an always online game for the first time has been a complete disaster. They tried to curb cheaters getting high powered items by banning anyone they found with said items, including dozens of players who got said items legitimately. They walked back promises regarding bug fixes and what would and would not be sold in the Atom Store. They used deceptive marketing tactics in said store which are illegal in Australia, Canada, and the UK. The game proved that Bethesda is currently suffering from some sort of deep institutional rot that pervades every strata of their corporate culture.
Shin Megami Tensei V is Switch exclusive so it's a wash.
I'm not but it's important to contextualize just how badly Bethesda handled every single thing about the game. This wasn't like they made a bad game and everyone lost their minds because they're entitled gamers.
Same people who tagged it on Steam as a masterpiece.
Move over Henry Reddit has a new flavor of the month.
No impeachment is a hoax. In that the actual impeachment that happened to Trump didn't actually happen thanks to the power of denial. Although this actually does highlight a real thing we're going to face this year. The Senate will not remove Trump from office and Republicans will jump on that fact to prove Trump was innocent the whole time and that impeachment was a fraud. They will put all of the focus on the fact that a Democratic House impeached Trump rather than that a Republican senate didn't remove the Republican president from office, nor that no president who was impeached was removed from office.
Facebook wasn't even the first social networking website.
GCJ hates popular games for being popular unlike us who hate Fortnite for being popular.
I spent the last four years believing I was the only one who heard of it. Thanks to Henry Cavill ruthlessly destroying console peasants it's finally getting exposure. Anyway a good tip is to use the W key to move forward, that's a pro-strat most players don't discover.
Fortnite popular therefore Fortnite bad.
Black lung never harmed anyone unlike wind farms, the true killer.
It's almost like they invaded that land and then after conquering it made up some cock and bull story about them being slave in Egypt and that this land was promised to them by God.
Have I showed you my axioms?
If you're an Australian and you're still undecided on environmental issues there's a nice fire with your name on it.
That isn't as big a problem as you'd think. Vampires know their origins lie in the Middle-East, many of the Clan founders or their descendants played the roles of Mesopotamian gods at some point, others have pretended to be archangels. Being a vampire would be akin to being a part of a mystery cult of which the Roman empire was rife with them. The setup is that by joining a Clan you get to be let in on the true history and the true origins of the world and of human civilization, after all vampires are ancient and many of them back then were around in the days of Enoch and the Second City. But with the Baali, Bahari, and the Followers of Set it's pretty apparent that the Caine origin story is not exclusive to all vampires.
Only in secret. If the vote is public they will prostrate themselves before their new emperor and beg forgiveness.
Which is why White Wolf has never officially done Vampire this far back but whatever, OP is asking for advice on how to do things at their table.
The issue is that it has a very selective potential user base. First of all you need to be someone who is both interested in high-fidelity AAA gaming but doesn't own a console or gaming computer but does own and lives in a place that offers that offers high-speed broadband internet. Hopefully they don't live with anyone else or have an unlimited data cap. Next they need to hate choice and enjoy having a curtailed list of products to chose from. Finally they need not have any fears about their financial investment in this particular way to enjoy the hobby if Google, a company famous for pulling the plugs on its various projects if they don't perform up to expectation, does that. But if you meet those criteria then Google Stadia is for you I guess.
How do we solve murder? Oh I know: murder!
I've had Raiders, Panthers, Bears, Lions, and then in college, Chico motherfucking Wildcats.
I like people who can't laugh at their homophobia.
Werewolf the Apocalypse.
Feelings don't care about your facts.
I don't know what that word means so you're a socialmalist. Go back to Vuvuzela.
Instead we're just going: "Hey it's super fucked up that the president did this without Congressional oversight and now we might get wrangled into a war we don't want to fight because Trump wants to feel like a big man."
We absolutely knew that in 1890.
Why would generals not want to take orders from a senile lunatic who believes Russia over his own intelligence? The only problem is the joint chiefs can't invoke Article 4.
Which you can't do if you're Commander in chief is delusionally insane and taking orders from a foreign power.
Why wait?
I'm surprised he doesn't think computers are powered by the devil and cameras steal your soul.
That depends are you trying for a character who is heroic but flawed or do you want a character who's racism is depicted as heroic?
It's not cheaper. I have what they would call a cheap computer and everything together it was around $900 and that included discount shopping and mail-in rebates.
Why do you find transgendered people killing themselves funny?
Do you know how many streets in America are named after MacArthur?
I've seen MAGA cap types who think The Wolf of Wall Street is pro-capitalism.
FoxCon is the Chinese company that manufactures almost all of the components for iPhones. Also its workers tend to kill themselves while at work.
She doesn't age. Her appearence is fixed like that forever with magic. All it requires is permanent infertility.
What is the point of going to class if you think you know better than the professor?
Jesus Christ there are so many lobsters brigading this thread.
God transcends gender but I'll throw such a big hissyfit if you use female pronouns.
Concept art from the game. In game character model. Cosplay based off the game. Actor from show based off the books.
If God truly transcends gender shouldn't we be using the them/they pronouns?
I love this meme format.
I feel like every decision made in the Assassin's Creed franchise since 2014 has been a correction to that controversy. They even changed their disclaimer from being about how inclusive they are of other faiths and ethnicities to how inclusive they are of other gender identities and sexualities.
But it does matter because either way people are mad about it. It's just deciding who you don't want to piss off. The developers decided they're okay pissing off women and not okay with pissing off whiny crybabies who hate women.
I'll remember that.
The right-wing is creating its own reality.
Did you see a girl in a video game? This is where you go to whine about it non-stop.
Conservatives whine about debt slavery but then also whine when Democrats want to implement debt forgiveness.
Portal came out in 2007.
But he also doesn't want war and trusts Daddy Trump.
You know the author likes the series and hates the games right? Why does a TV series cheapen the Witcher, if anything the games cheapened it by retconning Geralts death.
Yeah but he's not their mentally defective man baby.
How do these people function? Do they touch hot stoves all day and wonder why their hands are covered in burn scars? How do they drink from a cup without drowning? Statistically speaking no one this clueless should survive past the age of three because that's how old one needs to be to get into the sink where all the forbidden liquids lie.
Witcher 2 is actually pretty good.
This is someone's fiancé dingus.
I don't like his sapient Troodon model because it's too anthropocentric. There's this unspoken bias in our culture that dates back hundreds of years but the basic idea is that our intelligence is somehow related to our body plan and that therefore other sapient species must resemble us in some way. But if we look at the intelligence of corvids, cephalopods, and loxodonts it becomes obvious that is not true at all. So I wish the hypothetical sapient Troodont looked more like a bird creature and less like a stereotypical alien from pop culture.
I like the unspoken assumption here that enslaving African children is the only way to mine cobalt. This is why the left also advocates for labor reform and labor rights.
Virgin Fucking Birth
They can't ALL be gay.
What's the thing Game Freak lied about?
Hell yeah. Video games don't make people violent. An entire society that glorifies violence as the real solution to problems of which games, movies, music, television are just simple products of that warped culture, does.
A brain? You don't need that for PragerU, if anything it will hold you back.
Wasn't the price being inflated due to high demand from crypto-miners?
/rj?
The stupid ass thing is that this is the punchline to a joke about the NCR expanding into the Mojave. So there were words of wisdom here but instead they just reduced it to a dumb joke about some guy named Big Dick Johnson who probably doesn't even exist.
Now those are vagina bones.
Mages can do anything but a big theme of the game is that they shouldn't.
I've always argued that vampires dislike war and genocide because you don't want your food supply killing itself. But vampires also don't want to get too hands on with running governments because that could get to close to breaching the Masquerade. So in my games wars and other human atrocities are just that: human.
Yeah they're pretty great.
Strigoi which is a form of vampire. The feminine form of the word is striga. In the Witcher world however a Striga is some sort of cursed woman and not considered a vampire. Another example is a kikimore which is from Polish folklore; it takes the form of an evil female spirit that haunts houses. In the Witcher world it's a giant spider monster. Let's stop pretending that the Witcher is anything other than what it is: fantasy literature that just happens to be written by someone from Poland.
Yes the Elder Tongue of the Continent, spoken by its original inhabitants: dryads (Greek mythology), dwarves (Norse mythology), gnomes (English folklore), halflings (original creation by J.R.R. Tolkien), and Ain Seidh elves (Irish mythology), is derived from Gaelic, the national language of Ireland.
They should do it. After all there were Asians in Europe what with Cumins, Alans, Tatars, Turks, and Mongols.
Yes. It's called Earth. Humans are not native to the Continent. 1,500 years ago there was an event called the Conjunction of Spheres in which a magical cataclysm caused the various alternate worlds in the Witcher multiverse to crossover depositing an assortment of non-native lifeforms onto the Continent including humans. So unlike Earth where humans evolved in Africa and then radiated out and over thousands of years adapted to different climates, on the Continent they were dumped randomly all over the place and just kind of had to make due. However the setting does have to the south beyond the Nilfgaard Empire a warmer more tropical climate where you can find the nations of Zerrikania and Ofir which basically correspond to Arabia and North African nations like Tunisia or Algeria. Also the mage academy at Aretuza can literally sense a magical awakening in a human anywhere on the Continent and then teleport them to Aretuza. So in between spontaneous magical cataclysm depositing humans randomly all over the Continent and mages who can teleport wherever they want we should expect the ethnic composition of the world to be a little bit screwy. But rather than accept this interesting world building gamers keep screaming about Polish culture like it's a skin color.
I think its spelled جن .
I don't really know but I have been playing MechWarrior games since MechWarrior 2 and this basically how jump jets work in these games. Basically they're good for clearing hills and getting up cliffs and in lore the purpose of jump jets was more for urban combat so that mechs could jump over buildings rather than ram through them. The problem with MechWarrior 5 is that they don't have any hand designed maps where players could use jump jets to find short cuts or flank enemy positions like you could in the previous games, everything has to be made by a computer and the computer can't design levels where jump jets are required or were jump jets could strand player characters and when you do encounter large urban areas you're there to destroy them anyway. So once again MechWarrior 5 ruins another mechanic because the game is foundationally built on a bunch of bad ideas.
The people who originally made these were too young to be on the Internet when rage comics were a thing.
It's because it's easy when your enemy is an abstraction and significantly harder when they become the real people you know. For 99/100 of these "Civil War 2" preppers it's all talk and make believe they will bring themselves up to the line but the instant one of them actually cross it they disown him and for good reason too. He ruined the fun.
Besides being an artist who couldn't get into art school what was Hitler's education?
So when PragerU says someone is highly educated that statement is "highly educated by PragerU standards" which means technically literate and can count past 20.
I don't have any faith in Republican voters to recognize reality even as it bulldozes their house. These are the people who blame Obama for the recession and Clinton for 9/11. If Trump destroys the economy they will blame Democrats and vote for Trump to fix the economy.
Buckle up this is some serious advanced stupid. https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/QAnon
Anthropologists have found hundreds of fossils of Neanderthals and other early hominids with healed, life-threatening injuries in their bones. Because the injuries were healed before the individual died this must have meant that they had healthcare and where looked after during their infirmity. I'm guess my point here is that modern humans living in the 21st century should be better about looking out for each other than literal cavemen.
Many of the people personally hand picked for Trump's cabinet have resigned for been fired and each time there's been a disparaging comment from Trump about them from Tillerson to Mattis. By the words of the great manbaby himself Trump cannot pick good people. The only people I can name from his original cabinet who are still around are Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos and White House Press Litch Kellyanne Conway.
This guy has been with the company since The Witcher 2. Obviously the crunch isn't affecting him.
It really blows a whole in the whole rugged individualist myth.
I found the human elements of KOTM to be drastically underrated by everyone and turned KOTM from a good kaiju movie to my favorite movie of 2019.
Monkey not truck.
That implies that they valued and cared about Madison's safety. Which I don't think they ever did. And because they didn't put a guard to protect her that shows that they didn't care about her saftey. Alan Jonah is a misanthropist with delusions of saving the world by reverting the human race to the stone age. Why should he care if some teenager runs off and gets herself killed? Do you know how many kids died at Isla Mara when they set Rodan free?
I'm curious and a bit worried about the psyche of someone who, when asked to depict Hell, draws a bunch of tit and vagina monsters.
No because the injury is caused by an ongoing magical effect so you would first need to dispel the magic with Prime before you could heal it with Life. Now if someone just messes you up with a fire and forget spell (like most spells are cast) then you don't have to worry about dispelling the magic and can go straight to healing with Life.
If I want to be charitable I could say that they were going for shock value by showing taboo imagery but didn't want to make it too gay because that might send the message that being gay is sin.
Hey why are you spending money on this real solution to a real problem instead of on our ridiculous solution to an imaginary problem?
Dear liberals you live inside of a house therefore you must support a several hundred billion dollar scar across the planet that would be a massive environmental disaster and do nothing to stop illegal immigration because I'm a dumb moron who can't think good.
Okay well the character of Donald Trump leaves much to be desired.
Australia is still able to elect dipshit conservative governments who cut funding for fire service when the entire country is on fire.
And it was all possible because they thought Baragon's floppy ears would get in the way.
Notch is also a QAnon believer so we can add that to his fedora wearing dumpster fire.
Also people on the political left don't welcome or encourage or organize rallies in which Nazis and the KKK are invited. Remember before the inevitable conclusion of the event happened (i.e. someone died) the entire purpose of the 2017 Unite the Right Rally was to welcome Neo-Nazis and the KKK into mainstream conservatism.
Trump is Hitler but born rich and with a brain disorder created from Adderall abuse instead of syphilis.
Unfortunately for them as a comedy connisuer I can still be mad at them for making "Jokes bro it's just jokes" because your jokes are terrible. Here's a joke: A young boy goes up to his father and asks "Why is my sister named Rose?" His father says "Well son your mother and I had an agreement that if we had a daughter we would name her after something she loved and if we had a son we would name him after something I love." "Oh," said the boy, "Thanks Dad". "No problem, Racism." You know what's not a joke? Screaming the n-word.
So TemTem actually is better than Pokemon.
Going back to that South Park episode Randy Marsh saying the n-word on Wheel of Fortune isn't a fire and forget joke, it forms the conflict for the rest of the episode. The entire story is about the tension Randy experiences between his own personal knowledge where he knows he's not a racist and the people who are close to him know that, versus everyone else who just knows him as that guy who shouted the n-word on TV. We the audience know he's not a racist because we got to see all of the times he wasn't, but we also know something about Randy that Randy doesn't know: he's an idiot. For these GRU guys they want to have it both way. They want to be the guy screaming the n-word in public but they want us to be like "Oh it's ironic because he's not normally like this". But random GRU shitposter you forgot that like Randy Marsh we are the people on the street who don't know you as anything other than the guy who screamed the n-word on TV. And unlike Randy Marsh who did it on accident you're doing it on purpose. So you're not the guy who screamed the n-word on TV once as an accident, you're the guy who screams the n-word every night on TV on purpose. You're not Randy Marsh, you're Tucker Carlson.
There's only two ways: be so pathetically weak that no one would consider you a useful pawn or even be fun to hunt for shits and giggles, or be so ridiculously powerful no one can mess with you.
We already have Sound and Fury and Very Stable Genius.
His autobiography will be Timothy Dexter's A Pickle for the Knowing Ones with Donald Trump smeared over the cover in red crayon. For those who don't know that book is an unhinged 22-page rant about nothing in particular where nothing is spelled correctly and there are no punctuation marks.
Reality has a well-established liberal bias. This is why conservatives try so hard to isolate themselves from it as much as possible.
You know what now that we won, we Republicans are big fans of mob rule.
You mean /rj.
Woah there buddy how dare you inject politics into your game.
You know until that life requires me to be something other than a white man than I reveal that I do, in fact, have no life.
They know what they want: constant, never ending outrage.
Beshilu can come too right?
We have taken some of the stupid things Trump has said, applied them to AOC, and posted them to T\_D for massive upvotes.
Leftists never even consider granting Nazis a platform and then never question anything they say only speaking up to say something like "Yeah man that's fucking crazy have you ever done MDA?" Only Joe Rogan understands true tolerance.
Then wait for it to go on sale.
You're right there are no banes and compulsions or flaws or skills or attributes. V5 is just a random bunch of powers. It's amazing how V5 detractors can in one breath call V5 nothing but a collection of kewl powars and then in the next be complaining about the lack of powers and the consolidation of Disciplines. Does the game have nothing but power or is there not enough? The answer is which ever let's me hate the new thing in this context.
Wait your character is a daywalker? That is a massive advantage.
Neutral Good is Will Wright and Chaotic Good is Tim Schaffer. Tim definitely deserves his position because he has publicly advocated for a game workers union despite being president of his own game studio Double Fine.
[As we all know Jill Valentine did not have short hair in Resident Evil 3.](https://www.fightersgeneration.com/characters2/jill-re3render.jpg)
What's your source on that?
He did but I also fucked up and the Chaotic Evil guy is actually James Romaine of trying and failing to sue Jim Sterling for $15 million fame.
I recommend this game (User does not recommend)
This is true so why does modern Pokémon have so much goddamn senseless talking in it?
Take this screenshot post it sincerely to gaming, get karma. Then post the exact same thing here sarcastically get karma.
On some level isn't OP still exploiting a death for up Geraldos?
It's almost like Geralt remembered he has a girlfriend.
Look out Turkey you don't want to make an enemy of Reddit. We've already destroyed EA, Nestle, and all of China.
How dare Kojima make a game about anything except murder!
It's insanely expensive to run clinical trials so all of these quacks can instead save that money and use it for marketing.
Yes Big Pharma is a profit driven industry. But so is Goop. So is Big Quack. Goop is itself part of a massive almost billion dollar industry.
Witcher 3 so well hidden we had to keep it off the list of hidden indie gems.
King Kong vs Godzilla Godzilla against GMK Ghidorah. Where did you find this?
Individual hunters aren't that big of a threat unless they have lots of backup, firepower, and True Faith. Most hunters aren't that. The SI is a bit different but the SI has the backing of several intelligence agencies and the Vatican behind them so they're on a whole other level. Just remember that people with stakes and torches nearly drove vampires to extinction 500 years ago and now we have flamethrowers.
But it's a supernatural power so fuck your science. Blind people can still be dominated it's just harder.
In college I had a two monitor set up but that was so I could work and watch Netflix at the same time.
How is her boyfriend taking it?
/uj Some affordable housing projects would be nice. /rj REMOVE LGBT. No politics in my city.
Don't tell YongYea this but Bethesda owns Id Software and is publishing Doom Eternal.
I get your confusion there are two companies called Bethesda: Bethesda Softworks and Bethesda Game Studios. Basically the corporate hierarchy is Zenimax -&gt; Bethesda Softworks -&gt; Id Software, Arkane Studios, MachineGames, Bethesda Game Studios.
That's every conservative government.
Underrated hidden classic indie gems can't be political.
Interviewer: Do you vibeo gaem Henry: Yes. Reddit: explosive orgasms
I named my character Kobe. Upvotes now!
Keep it in stock next year when /r/gaming realizes Skyrim is ten years old.
Werewolf the Forsaken is my favorite White Wolf game so don't worry *nuzushul* I will show you the way of the Sacred Hunt. The Uratha are no mere cursed individuals struggling to find purpose. They are inheritors of a sacred duty but they are also creatures of who different worlds and different natures. They are half-human, half-wolf spirit. They have a wolf's instincts but a human's reason. The wolf must hunt. It is a predator. That is its nature. Trying to deny that nature will cause a werewolf's Harmony to fall out of sync and they will find themselves going berserk at the drop of a hat. Werewolves of the Forsaken faction, the five tribes of the moon, channel that instinct into a productive ritual called the Sacred Hunt. The target of these Sacred Hunts are transgressors who subvert the balance and harmony between the physical world and the world of spirits. A long time ago a great spirit god called Father Wolf had this role but he got too old to do it properly and so some of the first werewolves killed him to take his place in the pack. Father Wolf's lover and mother to all werewolves, Mother Moon cursed all werewolves in rage for this crime. The werewolves who made up with Mother Moon became the Forsaken, while the werewolves who did not because they believed they had no hand in Father Wolf's murder are the Pure. In a game of Werewolf the Forsaken the player characters are members of one of the five Forsaken tribes and they will bear special marks from Mother Luna, called auspices. They will secure for themselves their own territory and it will be their responsibility to police the spirit world in that territory. They must make sure the spirits don't stay too long in the physical world and damage it. They must make certain human activity in the physical world doesn't cause chaos in the spirit. They must destroy unholy abominations called the Hosts who are either trying to destroy the barrier between the two worlds, or make said barrier impenetrable. Both of these would result in the end of the world as we know it. Finally the pack must protect their territory from rival werewolves, other supernatural races, and hunters.
Maybe it should go the route Rust went and just assign you a random pronoun and appearence based on your Steam ID.
No what I'm saying is that when translating the KJV they took a metaphor that made sense in Greek in the 1st century and translated it into a metaphor that would make sense in 17th century English. When you call someone a dragon that implies greed, cruelty, and tyranny. Other historical figures with titles like The Dragon, like Vlad Tepes have not been nice people.
If you wanted to catch all the Pokemon in Gen 1 you needed both versions of the game and two Gameboys. In Gen 2 you will need both copies of Gen 2, two Gameboys Colors, and a previous version of Gen 1. This problem is compounded with each subsequent generation. Sword and Shield is the first generation that doesn't require previous Pokemon investment just an expansion pack.
Also one of them was holding a pillow with an anime, bishonen depiction of Sargon of Akkad on it.
Like wearing diapers to college it's a weird tradition for Millennial and Zoomer conservatives.
Does three bullet holes in the back of the head count?
Fallout 1 would like to know your location.
Yup that is Saw Guerra. I think they also got the same actor from Rogue One so they could use his likeness and voice.
Jesus Tengen Toppa Gurren-Lagann is old enough to be considered sexually desirable by libertarians.
Americans are so weird about their flag.
Did you ever consider these woefully inadequate individual solutions to massive systemic problems?
I am a liberal by the standards of 1776, known today as a conservative.
I heard that you can make a PC more powerful than a PS4 for less money. I have never seen proof that this build exists and all of my attempts at this build require you to forgo the monitor and the case and the keyboard and the mouse and the power supply but I will use this as proof that money is no barrier to PC gaming even though my PC cost around $1000.
/uj Geralt canonically dies defending a half-elf from a lynch mob.
The answer is it depends on the tribe. So I'll give a brief over view as to how I think each tribe would approve or disaprove or be neutral and why on the subject of Garou/Human relationships. Just remember that if a Garou seeks a relationship with a human they would have to keep it a secret as Delirium basically prevents their human lover from ever being able to truly be apart of their werewolf life. Black Furies: This can range from being totally opposed to being okay with a woman-on-woman relationship to being okay with a woman-on-man relationship depending on how much the individual Black Fury falls on the spectrum between sex-positive feminist to man-hating Feminazi caricature. Bone Gnawers: As with most things when it comes to this tribe they don't give a shit. They live in cardboard boxes and eat garbage. Children of Gaia: Probably one of the most approving of relationships with humans because the power of love and such. Fianna: One on hand nothing gets a tug on a Fianna's heart strings more than a story of star-crossed lovers. And as a Tribe they have a strong connection to human Celtic culture and are proud of their Irish heritage. This implies a tribe that finds some value in humanity. On the other hand they are also giant hypocrites when it comes to their sexual escapades given how much they produce and then abandon Metis. Get of Fenris: One on hand they, like the Fianna, are proud of their connection to a particular human heritage but unlike the Fianna have an unfortunate past association with Nazis which can create some unfortunate implications. I'd say that'd probably be okay with dating someone of Scandinavian or Baltic heritage and then kind of get your weird uncle at Thanksgiving around other human cultures. Glass Walkers: They're the Glass Walkers. I can't think of any tribe that would be more okay with Garou/Human relationships than these guys. Red Talons: Oh hey the exact opposite of the Glass Walkers. They don't even like reproducing with human kinfolk. Shadow Lords: I can't really get a bead on these guys because they're so "oooh we're so conniving and Machiavellian". My guess is the average Shadow Lord wouldn't want a relationship at all because that would just leave them vulenerable to an exploitable weakness because these guys kind of suck. Silver Fangs: Opposed not because they would be opposed to relationships with humans but because they're opposed to any breeding that isn't incest. Stargazers: Why would you want a relationship when you can sit on a mountain doing fuck all? Uktena: Yeah probably they're down with anyone. They're one of the most diverse Tribes for a reason. Wendigo: They would be okay with it right up until said human stops being a Native American.
Who puts the McRib down all year? Who brews Pabst Blue Ribbon beer? We do. We do.
That is what stupid people believe.
When a BLM activist killed a cop in 2014 the #AllLivesMatter became #BlueLivesMatter which basically proved that the ALM people always understood that BLM wasn't inherently exclusionary to begin with.
I remember once a upon a time there was this idiot who refused to accept that Israel was in Asia. Conversations basically went like this. Idiot: Israel isn't in Asia. Normal Person: Then where is it? Idiot: The Middle-East. Normal Person: Is the Middle-East a continent? Idiot: No. Normal Person: Then what continent is Israel in? Idiot: It's not Asia! Normal Person: Is it in Africa? Idiot: No. Normal Person: Is it in Europe? Idiot: No. Normal Person: Then it has to be Asia. Idiot: But they don't speak Chinese.
Dark Souls analogies are the Dark Souls of analogies. You need to be a big brained rocket scientist like Elon Musk to get them.
Hey guys why can't vibeo game support authoritarians instead of criticize them. I want to play vidya without being called out for supporting injustice, tyranny, and evil.
Correct and that's already been proven wrong so now they're backpeddling.
Crowder's an idiot and even he understands the non-aggression axiom.
The best way to defeat the Democrats is for Trump to keep his cool and not violate the Posse Comitias Act and order a military strike on Americans.
I'm not going to lie but I've used the Potence 2 power "Prowess" to punch down a solid stone wall. To be fair I rolled four tens and it was a messy crit. So you can but you don't need Potence to be that high to be able to demolish buildings with your fists alone.
It goes beyond Disney, back when the Hayes Code was in effect it was essentially illegal to portray heroes as being queer-coded or non-gender conforming. Such traits weren't banned entirely they could be applied to villains. So a lot of villains throughout most of film history were more queer-coded than heroes and even after the Hayes Code was dropped those traits had basically become tropes and only now are we breaking away from it.
Video games &gt; human lives.
Creative Assembly also made Alien: Isolation which was praised for staying true and faithful to the Alien franchise and if you think there are no political messages in Alien(s) then what movies were you watching?
The important part is where I said essentially illegal. Movies that broke the code faced no legal repercussions but rather theaters would refuse to play them. In a way its similar to how the FCC can't actually per-emptively censor anything it can only issue fines to broadcasters that break their rules.
I haven't seen any Nightmare on Elm Street.
Maybe that's how in works in the Colonies of Kobol but in the United States the job of the police is to enforce laws not protect the people. This is a decision that was made by the Supreme Court. Serve and Protect is about as meaningful as when Fox News called itself Fair and Balanced.
These same people would try to prove Obama was the Antichrist for holding a Bible the same way Trump did: upside down and backwards.
Dale from the upcoming game Bloodlines 2 is an independent vampire, he doesn't involve himself with any faction and tries to keep as low a profile as possible. That's a very passive example and one that doesn't make for interesting player characters as I believe Dale just stays inside and watches Netflix all night. For a coterie of independent vampires they would need to be strong enough to be able to follow Nines Rodriguez's advice and find some place they can hold up in with some people who aren't assholes and make an example of anyone who tells them what to do. However to the Camarilla such a group would be considered Anarch even if they don't identity with the Movement, the Camarilla had declared all vampires outside of the Tower to be Anarch and therefore an enemy.
Fascism is not an ideology known for its logical consistency or internal coherency. I mean for crying out loud it's the ideology that both believes its enemies are too strong and too weak at the same time.
He's going to be real angry once he's realized he's boycotting every game and entertainment company.
There is one comparison I will make to Hitler and that is in 1930 the conservatives didn't like him but they hated the liberals more and so they thought that they could get by making Hitler chancellor to unify the conservatives and then try to control him. That is really familiar to 2016. Republicans didn't like Trump back then and in fact they probably still don't behind closed doors but they nominated him to be president under the belief that they could rain him in. I heard that all the time at the 2016 RNC where when people said Trump basically acts like a deranged lunatic they said well he'll act more presidential when he's in power. Either they were lying or delusional.
Oh this is like how the Epic Games Store searches your PC to compile a friends list with other launchers means Chinese spyware.
Their logic is if someone is gay then if we swap their gender it's not gay anymore.
That's how you can tell that they're a PragerU graduate.
Now that we have put every video game company on our ban list there are no video games left to play. Wait, shit.
A black doctor? I mean yes it's already been established that Time Lords can change every aspect of their physical appearance from skin color to sex when they regenerate so actually it's more of a lore problem that the Doctor has never regenerated into anything besides a white person but uh um...fuck.
There are protests all over the world. This is no different than last year when companies were standing with Hong Kong.
It's super easy, barely an inconvenience.
I don't know what Antifa is but Master Trump commands I fear them and I obey.
My favorite thing about this whole thing is how convinced he is that this stupid list matters.
BLM was started in 2013.
You've noticed the problem now join the solution. /r/banvideogames.
I'm sorry. One Angry N*zi. There we go.
If racism is preventing you from enjoying stuff stop being a racist. It's kind of refreshing to see that holding onto hate is not only something that miserable people do but it keeps you miserable.
He's been around for a long time and has a website in multiple languages.
The left says that there is no such thing as ethical consumption under capitalism. For the first time ever OAG understood what they meant.
Yup and for once this isn't something where Disney isn't being forced by the Chinese state to comply with their censorship laws, they intentionally removed John Boyega from marketing materials because they know that Chinese people are also big old racists and don't want to have a black man scare them away.
It's like they actually knew all along that the language of Black Lives Matter wasn't exclusionary.
At this point let's say the account runner comes out and says "It was all a joke guys I trolled you" then I'm still going to say that this guy was still stupid. There's this attitude that OAG is either a sincere idiot or a genius troll but I would say he's either a sincere idiot or a dedicated troll but not genius. All he's done is made a laughing stock out of himself, he hasn't roused people to anger or made others do stupid shit. It's that stick figure comic but in real-life: [https://i.imgur.com/6kGliTj.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/6kGliTj.jpg) Now /r/banvideogames, that's genius trolling. They've gotten people getting into arguments with auto-moderators and losing. And all the while the people engaged in the troll come out looking better than the gamers. The ban video games subscribers say "All gamers are racist Nazis" and then a bunch of racist Nazis flood in to prove them right. That's genius trolling. The only person OAG has trolled is himself.
They spelled Harvard wrong.
No no no Antifa are fascist too.
Support transrights on a systemic, nation-wide level but be nice to a single example so you can sleep easy at night knowing you're not a "bad person". It's the "I'm not racist because I have a black friend" thing.
Spec Ops the Line was created in response to that interview. The white phosphorus scene is basically a recreation of the AC 130 segment but with an actual heed to the consequences of war.
"He was offended and insulted that these devs, as a whole, were going to make as much money as him. Even though they were directly responsible for their most profitable product of that year." CEO culture is getting mad and offended when the employees collectively make more than you just because they did all the work.
I remember in highschool I was able to save a guy from becoming like this because I was able to walk him through the evidence that the Protocols of the Elders of Zion is a hoax.
Sanders is 78.
Don't just free them wipe away their criminal record because as it currently stands the United States has all sorts of laws that allows discrimination against ex-cons.
Yes but then to diablerize a member of respective Clan must be there in Seattle to be a victim. Also the subject would have to be the target of a blood hunt otherwise you'd be breaking the 6th Tradition and then I have no idea why the Camarilla would let you work for them. Then again this is also a game with three original thinblood Disciplines to chose from so it's entirely possible a hitherto unexplored option exists.
Okay but this game doesn't have a day/night cycle. So how do you define "3 nights" when day never comes? We don't even know if there are multiple havens.
We can't defund the police because they are the tool through which the government wields its power to punish us.
Walk? Gym? That sounds like gamer oppressing white genocide.
Game shouldn't be accessible because if they're accessible then more people will play them with more people play them than more people will buy them and if more people buy them then it will make more money and that's bad because I don't understand anything in the world.
A racist to someone who makes judgments or assumptions about another person based on the color of their skin. That's a racist. If you assume a black person is a criminal because they are black that is racism. Stop that.
what's more oblivious thinking that Rage Against the Machine isn't political or that music shouldn't be political?
Hey Rage Against the Machine go back into your lane and start writing more apolitical songs about how Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated by the CIA for giving the power to the have nots or about how the KKK of infiltrated our police forces.
Was there ever a time EA locked a major character in a single-player RPG behind a $49.99 paywall?
Aw nuts I said the quiet part out loud again.
Yes but those are more modern examples. Speaking of Carol Danvers though when she first debuted as Miss Marvel her thing was fighting against the gender pay gap/
The only time my kids are allowed outside of the cage is for posing in front of M-rated games they are too young to be playing. My five-year old had never seen any video game except ten minutes of the Witcher 3 and Skyrim.
Either this won't make gamer pp hard or it will. Both possibilities terrify them.
Both the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the President swear an oath to uphold **The Constitution of the United States** not the office of the President. Because of his lifetime in business Trump's got it in his head that as President he's the boss of America and we work for him. No dumb-dumb, you work for us. We're your boss. And your performance evaluation is in 5 months.
Don't forget Conservative Philosophy 101: Intro to Mental Gymnastics and Cognitive Dissonance.
I used to be a Democratic then I realized racism is made up, tyranny is good, and democracy is for cucks.
Okay playing America the Beautiful (god I hope someone gets this)
I'm at Soup.
Review scores are opinions.
I will never forgive them for retconning his iconic apolitical catch-phrase "We must do everything in our power to secure a future for the white race."
Unlike you liberal snowflakes I'm not so easily trig-WHY WOMAN HAVE DEFINED BICEPS?! 😭😭😭
Sorry but the game's official Twitter confirmed that there's no release date but there will be stuff the public has never seen before.
Yes. Calm down the year isn't even halfway over.
Why is it every time I see a picture of Tucker Carlson he looked like he's trying to smell who farted in the room?
Okay you're doing exactly what I'm talking about. Summons don't help with Sten's Fortress or the Bed of Chaos. If you want a casual experience go play a casual game.
Building highways was weirdly satisfying. So what you're supposed to do is look at the map, plan out a route taking geography, weather, and possible BT incursions into account. Then you make the appropriate gear. Then you lay done infrastructure as you move forward so the return trip is easier. Dunky didn't do any of that and then complained the game was bullshit. This is like only using the starting pistol in Doom and then complaining the weapons suck. Doom is a shit game if you play it like an idiot.
Government propaganda hilariously.
I wouldn't say that they thrive.
To be fair the Elongated Muskrat has shown a willingness to do anything for Internet points.
Enduring? Existing?
Donald Jr. laughed at California because he found an all-gender disability accessible bathroom.
If one pizza is good then eating pizza every meal is better.
Gay people were invented during the Stonewall riots to force politics into media. They didn't exist in any other culture or time period.
You mean Greek religion?
I wonder what they think Before Christ means?
They listed the factions in the game and none of them are Anarchs. In fact the only information on Anarchs comes from the Brujah page on the website and it just says that the Anarchs failed to take Seattle in the past. So really, what is she doing here?
But the virus arrived in America from Europe, in New York, via planes.
You know I've been hearing that professional game reviews are just paid for for decades now and I've still never seen a shred of proof for it. Even when people bring up the Kain and Lynch GameSpot debacle they forget that a review with a mediocre score was still published and hosted by GameSpot.
So I've actually taken IGN to task over their review scoring system and you know I found? What consumers consider to be a bad game and professional critics consider to be bad game can vastly wildly and it comes down to the fact that IGN has specific criteria for how they grad games. Usually most AAA games aren't bad because they have the time and resources to polish them to a high degree, they are just bland and mediocre and scores reflect that. Meanwhile when the rare occasion a AAA game comes out that is actually terrible the review scores also reflect that. IGN reviewer Tristian Ogilvie gave it a score of 4.5 which is in their "Bad" category. Categories below the 4.0 level are reserved for barely functional trash like Big Rigs Off the Road Racing.
Half of the plot synopsis. But not a half in the middle like total 50% of the actual synopsis but it was all over the place.
There's a deeper point hidden in the one I made. TLOU2 isn't just a game with excessively brutal violence but a game for adults to then say "What was Naughty Dog trying to say with all that violence?" It's a game that's meant to be consumed and processed like an adult and not child. It's the same reason why kids get Treasure Island and adults get Master and Commander, the intense and brutal violence of Master and Commander isn't the only reason why it's not for kids. Oh BTW "Won't someone think of the children?" When did gamers become pearl clutching moral guardians?
Plus he came from the Ultimate Universe which isn't canon in the same way the default 616 universe is so it allowed Marvel to kill Peter Parker and replace him with a new Spider-Man while still publishing new Peter Parker adventures like selling his marriage to Satan or getting possessed by Doctor Octopus.
I'm going to wait until game Miles actually gets to be Spider-Man before I make a judgement.
Asexual is part of LGBT+.
Yeah he's old. Sanders is older and had a heart splint last year. Biden has "senior moments". I don't like making fun of old people for their body's falling apart. It's only relevant for Trump because his disciples treat him as some invincible ubermensch but that's not even the most egregious delusion.
There are lots of games that get scored under 7.
They become social workers.
I saw the woman and I reminded me of the time I approached woman and said "Give me the sex" and she said "No that's rape" and I cried for 5 hours. Now I hate all woman. - Jeremy from the Quarterpounder.
I'm an introvert and I don't have anxiety disorders.
I don't see the introvert/extrovert spectrum as a preference it is I think away in which your neurology handles social interaction. And it's independent of any sort of anxiety disorder because as other people have pointed out you can be extroverted and have social anxiety disorder.
Call the liberals leftists and you got it.
Yeah she's 12 or 13 in the first game.
Yeah this looks like a father/daughter thing not a sexual thing. I can see them saying that what they took away from us with the sequel was a wholesome happily every after story where the main characters lead boring uncomplicated lives filled with domestic bliss, maybe Ellie marries a cute girl and Joel learns to give up on his old school Texan prejudices because his surrogate daughter found happiness. Which, I mean, with a title called "THE LAST OF US" I'm not sure why they expected that.
Because at the end of the day Republicans don't believe in anything except the Republican Party. Bush is now an albatross around the party's neck so they disavow him.
The game is free for 24 hours.
Can this sub not degenerate into another "girl no make pp hard game bad" circle jerks?
Also civilizations don't just go straight into decline they have periods of decline and then renewal. One point of renewal for the Roman empire was under Diocletian who you may remember as that guy who feed Christians to lions.
Also a big thing that helped the Eastern Roman Empire fall was Christian crusaders deciding that Jerusalem was too far and just sacked Constantinople.
The lines on her face are laugh lines and those that form under the eyes I don't know the name for. Those are lines that change with facial expression and can also change just based on the angle and lighting when you look at someone which in this case we're looking at Damsel from a different angle under much harsher lighting than we were used to in Bloodlines 1 where the angle was straight on and the lighting was more neutral. They didn't add age lines to her like you're claiming. So here's the actual screenshot: [https://s31092.pcdn.co/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Vampire-The-Masquerade-Damsel-1320x743.jpg](https://s31092.pcdn.co/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Vampire-The-Masquerade-Damsel-1320x743.jpg) Here's another screenshot of Damsel where she doesn't have visible laugh lines because she has a different expression: [https://cdn.gamer-network.net/2020/usgamer/Vampire-the-Masquerade-Bloodlines-2-Press-Screen-Damsel-061320.jpg/EG11/thumbnail/1920x1080/format/jpg/quality/65/bloodlines-2-vampire-damsel-reveal.jpg](https://cdn.gamer-network.net/2020/usgamer/Vampire-the-Masquerade-Bloodlines-2-Press-Screen-Damsel-061320.jpg/EG11/thumbnail/1920x1080/format/jpg/quality/65/bloodlines-2-vampire-damsel-reveal.jpg) And finally here's a picture of Damsel from Bloodlines 1 with all of those lines I mentioned above on her face because she's angry and yelling at you: [https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/whitewolf/images/5/5d/The\_damsel.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100120173903](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/whitewolf/images/5/5d/The_damsel.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100120173903) The only thing that's changed is the lines are more apparent because of the more sophisticated lightning engine and the more detailed character model. But they haven't added age lines. Meanwhile this subreddit is doctoring images of Damsel in order to make a point about something that is demonstrably wrong in order to generate anger over nothing.
My wife and I are childfree and we still run into the idiots who think if we don't constantly pump out babies the species is doomed. They don't understand carrying capacity or overpopulation.
Oh that's how my evangelical prosperity gospel church taught me to think.
It's not about fun it's about engagement. Silent Hill 2 is not a fun game but it has a dedicated fan base and the game is regarded as one of the best in the genre. So it's pretty much clear for decades now that games can shoot for audiences getting engaged and invested in the media without having to have "fun". A game therefore can be not fun but enganging and then we confuse that engagement with "fun" because that's the emotion we think we're supposed to have with that medium. "Hey how was Resident Evil 7 in VR?" "I shit my pants." "Was it fun?" "Yeah!"
I better kill children or else I'm going to have some serious gamer moments.
If you didn't think Joel was going to die in the sequel you should be donating your brain to science since you clearly don't use it.
Can we start gatekeeping these guys? Like how can you call yourself a Spider-Man fan and never heard of Miles Morales at this point. I suppose you didn't play the last Spider-Man game, or read any comics, or watched the award winning Into the Spiderverse. Next time I spot one of these guys in the wild I'm just going to call them a fake geek/gamer.
Not bothered by the impossible concept of a zombie apocalypse. Is bothered by the very likely fact that gay people will still exist.
Sadly delays do not ease crunch. If anything it just means more crunch.
Games got delayed all the time even back in the day. I have a StarCraft strategy guide and in the back is an add for Diablo 2 coming 1999.
It's just basically so that no matter what theyre outraged.
This is how you advertise that COVID-19 had no impact on your life because you were already a shut-in who has no contact with other people.
All of the planned DLC for Bloodlines 2 is in the Season of the Wolf pack so it's going to be two story packs and an expansion. Simply put this is not a mechanic's heavy game like their grand strategies there just isn't a whole lot of space to constantly add to the game for years. If you look at BattleTech it only got three DLCs in each DLC included some kind of free content for the players the last DLC had two Mechs for everyone. I'm actually excited that paradox is working on this game for one major reason I'll be able to support a company that is moving forward with unionization. What companies like naughty dog or CD projekt red basically crunch their employees to death paradoxes unionized and on top of that it sounds like the developers at hardsuit Labs haven't been crunching I have been giving all the time they need to make sure the game comes out in a good enough condition.
Demon's Souls is the Dark Souls of video games.
Great whataboutism here too. As is usually with the right-wing they can never defend their shit so they always stay on the offensive. 120 deaths by the police is still too many.
Raids like this have always been apart of Chan culture whether it was Gaia Online or low level Scientology members these harassment campaigns have always been about building a community by giving them an other to be against and then uniting under a campaign to fight back.
Make a character who is Greek and was embraced by an Assamite. Clans aren't a race. Anyone can be Embraced by any Clan.
&gt; the point is that muscular women with a natural physique don't look like that. And what exactly is a natural physique? There are 3.5 billion women on the planet and they're each different. First rule of biology: there is always variation in a population. As a general rule women have more estrogen and less testosterone than men but general rules break down when we start looking at individuals. Everyone's hormones, genetics, and metabolism is different. On average women are shorter than men but Gwendoline Christie is 6'3", is that not a natural physique? Abby is simply a woman with the right genetics and hormones that allow her to build muscles better than the average woman, these people exist and guess what: a post-apocalyptic environment would put a higher selective pressure on the human race to produce more women like her especially within a highly militarized society like the WLF.
Charlie can't defend his position honestly so he's trying this new thing called lying.
Hopefully V will go to the same school as A-AE-X12.
Trump has the perfect combination of idiocy and narcissism that makes him the perfect mark.
And he's such a narcissistic idiot that when they reserve a million seats for a venue with 19,000 he doesn't think somethings up. He just thinks "Wow I'm so great my numbers are so big!"
You seem to have us confused with /r/DebateReligion. That being said the passage you provided above does not display advanced understanding of embryology. At best it just shows that 1,400 years ago people were aware that humans come from sperm and grow from a lump of flesh into a person. This was understood simply through primitive medical examinations of women who died while pregnant or even stillbirths and abortions. In order to find this quote inspiring you have to assume that medieval people were far stupider and uneducated than they actually were.
Don't forget: if you want to go to Heaven give all your money away.
Yes hence the tweet.
Don't forget the time he self-owened by revealing he wants to fuck his mom.
[https://twitter.com/meakoopa/status/732431646599696385](https://twitter.com/meakoopa/status/732431646599696385)
The GOP is fucked. So there's this guy who has no history in politics and no real connection to your party who comes in, insults everyone in it, turns their electorate into his own personal cult, and they just let him.
Dealing with it was too hard.
Mom: Dennis you need to clean your room. Dennis: But Ben's room is even messier!
Countries that have had the worst response have been the US, the UK, Brazil, and Russia. Go figure.
All of them. This is a problem that pervades every facet of American society and has been there since the day a bunch of slave owners decided that liberty and freedom didn't apply to black people. The rots goes all the way to the core.
He's so smart he doesn't need to know the definition of institutional.
Unlike stupid libtards who think with their feelings Ben Shapiro is a purely fact and logic-driven machine and so like a machine he cannot contextualize.
He's going to need to really double down on "there's nothing wrong with pedophilia guys" to do that.
Toreador or Brujah?
So they can send more black people to prison so you can lease them as slaves I mean prisoners with jobs.
This isn't the rugged manly fantasy I imagined I would be great at.
God says being naked is bad.
Shortly after the Russo-Japanese War Russians attempted to circulate copies of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion among the Japanese people. The Japanese government concluded that since Jewish people were such a politically and economically powerful minority it was in the interest of the Japanese to be their friends.
So basically they waited for the sub to be completely inactive with all of the users having gone to either their own safe space website or other subs like Conservative or Conspiracy.
I don't know shit about dick about rifles but don't you brace the butt against your forearm not under it?
That's right shoulder.
That explains why he thinks killing people feels awesome.
No but you can't leave your house so it doesn't matter.
Already met one.
Irony would be a Trump supporter saying Black Lives Matter. Irony has to be the opposite of what you expect and we expect racism from red caps.
3D graphics in games is very good at making hard surfaces but the rendering power for stuff that flow like hair or water is volumetrically more demanding which is why most video game hair is still comprised out of flat polygon surfaces. Long hair is very hard to pull off unless you're game is very very stylized and The Outer World is not stylized in that way. So short hair made from flat polygons is therefore a decision made based on technology.
US politics always make sense when you look at it from the scale of Northern or Southern and urban or rural.
Why don't poor people just get their dads to give them high paying jobs at their investment firm?
Then you know exactly what I'm talking about.
I've noticed a lot of the time it seems like they've attached themselves to Joel in a very egocentric way. This isn't a character I like, this isn't a character I identify with, this character is a part of my identity. So when he's killed by a woman that felt like an attack on them. It's the only way I can make sense of comments that say that by having Abby kill Joel TLOU2 wants to kill all straight white men.
Did you ever watch Aeon Flux? The series starts with a scene were the main heroine is killing dozens of henchmen set to heroic music. Then suddenly it switches perspective to the henchmen, drops the heroic music, and all you see is them helpless to prevent the mass murder they have now victim to. The Last of Us Part 2 is the video game equivalent of Aeon Flux's deconstruction of the "hero kills hundreds of people" trope. I've made the joke that you can tell who the villain in John Wick is because he kills a dog but you can tell who the hero is because he kills hundreds of people. The Last of Us ends with the protagonist killing unarmed scientists to save the life of his surrogate daughter because he was unable to move on from the death of his first daughter. This was not a heroic act but I've seen TLOU2 haters try to make it seem heroic by altering memories of how that game ends. "They had other kids. They were insane butchers who were just killing kids. They had plenty of data Ellie didn't need to die." No. Wrong. Ellie was the first person with immunity, they didn't have any other kids. And people who understood the disease said that they needed her brain tissue to develop a cure. I understand that questioning the expertise of scientists is part and parcel for the terminally stupid but this is a fictional disease in a fictional world. If the writer says "that's the only way to make a cure" then that's the only way to make a cure. Joel ends the game lying to Ellie to try to make her feel good and Ellie is smart enough to know Joel is lying. The last shot of that game is Ellie looking disappointed and worried not grateful. The haters of The Last of Us expect things from video games: they expect to feel powerful, triumphant, to make a difference in the world, and to feel like a hero. The Last of Us has never really been about because the wider industry does cater to those feelings. When Joel died in the sequel they got angry because he didn't die like a hero, so they felt like the game had messed up, that it was doing it wrong. This is also why I see comparisons to The Last Jedi and "the game was badly subverting expectations". That argument implies Niel Drukman set out to subvert expectations. I would argue the game's marketing did no such thing, it was painfully clear that Joel would die, that Ellie would be the starring character, and that the game would be dark.
I'm chalking it up to a combination of not paying attention while playing the game, taking Joel's lie at face value, and then some Mandela effect style group think memory alteration.
