Not sure if that'll get rid of the bag of hammers bouncing around the inside of the engine.
No, you have a good point, and I'll try replacing 10w30 with some 5w. I've always run synthetic.
Tried again today, but even after idleing for 20 minutes after the thermostat stated cycling (175*F) the oil still wouldn't drain. Its gelled. I can feel up into the oil pan with a screwdriver and pull out the frozen oil.
No friends nearby. I don't know anyone in this town. I'm just now seeing the magnetic heaters... There's a Tractor Supply nearby that has them in stock (supposedly).
You're right, but the trick is getting power out that far to my Xterra. I'm not sure there's any power within 100' of it.
I'm going to look at a 2005 Armada LE 4wd tomorrow. And, then a 2001 4Runner (gasp!) in the afternoon. I drove a Titan today, and really liked it. However, there was too much rust, and other little things that added up to me walking away. That 5.6 V8 sure has some punch compared my VG33E.
Not quite, but I know what you mean. I track my mileage every time I get gas (I fill it up 100%, and drive till the light comes on) and over the summer I was averaging 18mpg combined, but with the cold weather the last month or so it went down to 15mpgs with the same exact daily 93-mile commute.
Yeah. Two jobs. 12 hours working, two hours of driving each day. And, that's if the roads are clear. Gonna get more snow Thursday, which will slow things down a lot.
Whale, it could be worse. I just got divorced. Haven't gotten my balls back, and I lost a car out of it.
I'm posting some pics of the heating setup I rigged. If it does anything I'll be impressed. 250w heating bulb and cardboard "insulation".
Here's my afternoon update and DIY oil pan warmer: https://imgur.com/gallery/2a46M No one had any oil pan warmers in stock (go figure) so I bought a 100' drop cord, a 250w heating bulb, and a 300w (rated) utility lamp. I also spent $0.00 on the cardboard from the dumpster out back. Let's hope I don't ignite the neighborhood. I'll be honest... I have no hope that fresh oil makes a difference. As such, I went and tested a 2005 Armade LE 4wd, and am in the process of buying it. The Xterra has been a great rig for what it cost (free) and is still in very good condition for a 2004. However, I just need to have a more spacious vehicle, and the engine in the Armada has been well cared for (dealer maintained its entire life).
How long can a VG33E survive without oil pressure? It must have idled for 20 minutes with the light on, but full oil pan. I assume the pump had some sort of failure as well. Who knows. I'll give it another hour, and see if the oil will even drain out. It warmed up to 20*F today, so hopefully that should help the situation.
I have the heat lamp going. Well see what dribble out when I get home from work tonight. Should only be like -2.
Status is better than expected. I was able to get most of the frozen oil out. The heat lamp warmed the oil pan for a few hours, and it was liquified enough to drain. The oil filter was still frozen, and the oil coming out of the filter housing looked like cold Hershey's syrup. I scraped as much out with my finger as I could, and put on a new filter. I also dumped about a quart of new oil in to the engine when the old oil was just about empty to force out as much as I could. I added 3.5 quarts of warmed-up 5w-30 (I had the 5qt. jug sitting on my house heater for a while prior) and got a jump from the Frontier I've been borrowing. It started and took a good 30 seconds to build up enough oil pressure to turn off the warning light and make almost all the engine noise go away. There's still a little noise that I'm not sure about, and I let it idle for almost 10 minutes until I could hear the thermostat cycling. My Torque app said the water temp was up to the normal 175-180*F. I had to go to work, and wasn't able to drive it last night. And, now we have a fucking huge blizzard beating down, so I'm not going to be able to drive it for a couple days. I am still planning on getting the Armada, most likely this Saturday after I get done with overtime at my main job. I'll probably spend Sat afternoon (or what's left of it) and Sunday cleaning out the Xterra and start the process of putting it up for sale. I'm going to drive it Sunday, and then change the oil again. Assuming there isn't any real damage to the engine, it just needs a new battery to be 100% reliable. I'd like to have two vehicles, as I have in the past, but I don't have the same kind of fun-money I used to (kids and child support... yay), and limited off-street parking at my place. (street parking ban in the winter)
The lifters sounded like they went back to the same noise level as before. As in, they sounded like they had 188,xxx miles on them, but no louder than the injectors firing. It's the other mechanical noises I'm concerned about. Main bearings, connecting rod bearings, piston rings, and scored cylinder walls may have suffered.
I think so. There was massive karma-whoring several years ago when it happened. I thought the employee had cancer though in the original story. I'm sure Google can find the story.
Focus on the Vermonters and NH woodboogers first. More of them causing mayhem than anyone.
What happened to Kelce? Was at the bar drinking and not paying attention.
Legit toughness.
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Not really. That's not compressed air, and they're not that deep.
just got it https://i.imgur.com/JC02ODs.jpg?1
I really like it. "Upgrading" from a 2004 Xterra XE 4wd 5sp. It actully gets almost the same MPGs as the VG33E in the Xterra.... except the VK56DE has an extra 125hp and 185lb/ft. which is nice. I'm 6'2" with long legs, and even though I fit in the Xterra with the seat all the way back, it was starting to get cramped after my daily 2-hour commute.
Thanks. 2005 Armada LE 4wd w/tow package
Thanks. I finally saw the replay of the hit, and yeah.... he got concussed.
Cumby's
Not at all. I'm expecting 15mpg combined with this V8 onc3 the weather warms up. My 2004 Xterra 5sp 4x4 with the archaic VG33E would get me 18mpg combined over the summer, but dropped down to 15-16 mpg once it started getting really cold (also with winter gas formulas).
Ah yes, reminds me of USMC Time.
Wheel bearings aren't affected by operating the clutch. That would be your throw-out bearing. A bad wheel bearing will make noise when you load/unload it by swerving from left to right. Be careful doing that on the road with traffic.
Good luck. Sometimes it's just easier to have a shop take a look at it. It keeps you from chasing your own tail trying to find the culprit.
Field Marshall
Legit... Dang
What is the fluid level at?
Did you not notice that giant storm that covered half of North America? I bet that had a lot to do with it. Trucks crash and planes freeze up. Call the center that your delivery driver is based out of with your tracking number. Make sure your physical delivery address is correct. (No PO Boxes...) Ask them for a status update and about getting a refund for your expedited postage.
Yeah, there are several explosive .50 BMG rounds in use. API, APIT, MK232.
If James Harrison watches One Punch Man, and you have a gaping problem with him calling it a cartoon, I'd looooove to see you fight him over it.
Yes, but who are you to turn down an excuse to drink?
How much does an Airsoft rifle like that cost?
I'd at least drain and refill with new ATF once or twice to get rid of the bad fluid if you can't do a full AT flush. It should look red.
[Such a beautiful couple.](https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/dc-sports-bog/files/2016/01/KirkKirk.jpg)
The feeder trailers are usually parked on the weekends. So, no the packages aren't moving, but still "in-transit".
"The only HoF player they had that stayed with the team was John Hannah. When your most legendary player is a LG, then you have a pretty crappy history." Sorry, but that's doing a disservice to Hannah. He was one of the best lineman ever.
I swear to god I was going to post this same .JIF
What is the [hex color](https://www.google.com/search?q=hex+color&amp;oq=hex+co&amp;aqs=chrome.0.0l3j69i57j0l2.2448j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8) value? I think you need to consult an expert so no one else gets hurt.
Get the manual. I had a 9-5 Aero with the 5-speed automatic w/paddle shifters and it was miserable. It was the first automatic car I've ever owned and I hated it because of the transmission. I've had 6 Saabs, 2 BMWs, and 1 Nissan with manual gearboxes, and they were all worth the added work of pressing in a clutch pedal and rowing my own gears. Full disclaimer: I now drive an automatic Nissan Armada because kids and arthritis in my left foot (hurts to press the clutch in on my 100 mile commute). tl;dr... You've never heard anyone say, "Man, I miss my autotragic transmission experience."
Try an analog BMW.
Do you wear your seatbelt in an AAV?
Its all forests and woodboogers. And empty Miller Lite cans.
Find an e34.
Point blank range doesn't mean close. Everyone seems to get that wrong. Point blank refers to the distance at which point-of-aim and point-of-impact are the same.
Depends on how much they understand.
That might be the worse interpretation of reality I've read. You don't get to pick and choose what something actually means because it makes you appear to understand it. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Point-blank_range
Lots of times its because the customer put the wrong deliver address (or a PO Box) and the drivers can't deliver. After three tries to deliver there's usually a process of sending a postcard to the address provided, and the package is held at the warehouse for a week or two, then it's RTSd back to where it came from. Have you tried calling the local warehouse with your tracking number and physical address to try and resolve the issue?
How much is international or Surepost?
I would call the warehouse where the package left out of last, and ask the person on the other end if they can get a message to the driver.
HK mag is loaded backwards.
[Joke.](http://www.thefirearmblog.com/blog/2013/05/08/hk-bullets-real-story/amp/) . . . . . . . . . . . Over your head.
Nice
Check out the Marathon lore that inspired Halo.
Not all modern handguns have them.
Depends which part of VT you drive across. I live in NH and work in VT, and my coworkers are pretty bummed about the magazine restrictions. However, they're right on the border, so its an easy drive.
I have a Mini and an AR, and the bolt on the Mini "sticks" after shooting and not cleaning... easily operated open with a swift whack. My AR hasn't been cleaned in over two years, and still runs smoothly.
$0.20 per round.... Where?
Dang. I love my 2011 15" MBP.
Thanks!
Will this work on an early-2011 15" 2.0Ghz MBP?
Minor update: I brought it to be appraised by a well-regarded jeweler, and they showed me that the diamond was actually very low-quality. It had lots of flaws that were resin-filled, and is considered to be not worth a lot despite it's size. This ring was a replacement for the original I bought. She "lost" the original, filed a claim with the insurance company, received a payout, and purchased the larger stone from a store she used to work at. I'm angry and paranoid, and can't help but think she took the money, and knowingly bought a lower quality (but bigger size stone... more bling!) at a lower price, and kept the leftover money. I'm 99.999999999% sure I'm being stupid, but damn. I confronted her about it, and drama has ensued. She won't respond to my request for an invoice or receipt, but is certainly giving me a ton of grief about everything else.
Dang. Thanks for the clarification. Any explaination as to why 2011 and earlier machines don't accept the update? I assumed 2011 and 2012 machines were very similar. Either way, I'm on my 3rd logic board, and living on borrowed time with this machine.
Sage advice. I wish I had the discipline to keep it to myself beforehand. "Good judgement comes from experience; experience comes from bad judgement."
THanks for explaining.
KAC handguards (Knights Armament Company) I know those rail covers anywhere.
There is a version, but I could never get it to work.
Finance a Lancer ES (not the EVO) catback exhaust @ 27% interest. That, and the guy who got arrested for taxing a pimp was in my platoon. He used to take people in morning formation. That was actually funny. Edi: taze, not tax
Ernie Adams is playing Vegas like he played Wall Street.
Tazing. I meant taxing.
A rock becomes a stone once its handled.
You absolutely cannot put 1700lbs in the bed of a Ranger. Maybe 500lbs....
Not if it has IFS.
Shitty landmine, perhaps only antipersonnel. I've seen what happens when an anti-vehicle mine pops a Humvee apart. A Tundra would have vaporized.
My uncle met a fellow Dalmatian-lover and basically signed over POA to a con-artist before his death, so.... I don't know.
Gotcha.... Fair enough.
I think it's great. Keep making more.
Yes. They said they started out making suppressor.
Or a KAC M5 RAS.
Politics is why the military used them. Not superiority.
50/50 cause he did.
Run!
Better class than Jordan.
You can call with the tracking number and put a hold on the package, and then go pick it up.
Bruce Smith
I concur.
Hey! That's my old job in the USMC. Those vehicles are AAVP7A1s. Probably the RAM/RS variants.
2nd AABN 02-06. I actually went to the General Dynamics factory in Woodbridge, VA to see the AAAV (changed to EFV) in production. Pretty cool, and I wonder what they did with the vehicles being built.
Sure. I'm sure it's impossible to gauge "microscale" wind, or whatever that's supposed to be, but wind conditions are able to be forecast. Also, the smoke grenade launchers fire the grenades out in a large fan-shaped dispersion pattern, so as long as the smoke is between the beach and the vehicles it helps. It's kind of a moot point though, as these AAVs are pretty slow in the water, and pretty much sitting ducks for the actual landing. The idea is to have air cover (jets and helos) soften up the defenses as the "tracks" hit the beach, as well as having LCACs (which can carry tanks and other vehicles) hit the beach to help deliver armor to support the infantry that the AAVs carry.
Do you mean the EFV? (AAAV)
Exactly.
That's great and all, but its too bad it doesn't work on Verizon.
Bragging rights. That's it.
Mine is too!
I've started buying merino wool socks. Even in the hot weather they are soooo much better than cotton. They don't hold onto moisture and don't stink. Totally worth the extra $.
Nice. Fellow single dad moving into a new apt. post-divorce. I've been trying to come up with a simple plan for my new apt. that won't clash with the 10,000 toddler toys that will be coming with me.
Kudos.
Is there an eli5 for the graphic novel?
Tell your buddy to love his kids more than he hates his ex-wife.
My college roommate had one. He rescued it from a guy who was gonna kill it. Fun at parties.
No name.
IIRC, they did get onto part of Alaska.
Ever been to America and explored all the non-tourist locations?
Is there a price list?
Homer advice.... Search for the post-game Belichick Breakdowns on YouTube, or NFL.com, or wherever. They are short videos where he (NE Patriots coach Bill Belichick) explains important plays in detail from a coaches perspective. https://www.google.com/search?q=belichick+breakdown&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-1-ab
I hope. I was doing 80hrs @ 3 jobs, now at 60hrs @ 2 jobs, and soon to be 40+hrs @ 1 job. I currently loathe my existence.
All I see are greasy handprints.
Don't own those.
Edit: vise, not vice. I already have enough of those.
No Hazard Frought nearby. And, I'm more trying to get the barrel nut loose. I'm sure the barrel will come out. I just have zero facilities available today to clamp the vise block into, and am either going to work on this rifle, or pack up for my move to a new apt. I'd rather sip on a cold one, and tinker with my rifle than do the adult thing and proactively pack up for a move.
I already have the $9* FF rail I'm planning on installing.
Stop.... I need a vise to clamp the upper tight to do a handguard replacement. I have vices aplenty. e.g. drinking, swearing, spending money I don't have on things I don't need.
We should, you know, start a club or something. I've got some beer.
Same, but I buy coffee before my 45 minute commute because I need to wake up. However, I'm about to get an automatic, timer-controlled coffee maker so it'll be ready for me when I wake up.
I started Acorns a while ago. Not sure if its as good as they market it, but I'm glad I don't have to invest all that pocket change.
Nailed it.
That the new Tool album cover?
Perspective makes the flame look closer than it really is.
Why would I go to Walmart? My issue is that I need a vise.
How old is this tweet? I just seem to remember this from a while ago.
Uh, go be ghei somewhere else. I originally asked about heating a barrel nut to improve my chances of breaking it free. I said I don't have a vise. I bought one I though could clamp, but that didn't work. I don't need your substandard opinion on how to fix the issue, neckbeard.
r/incels and r/gate keeping had a buttbaby and here you are, offering advice.
Is there anyone that can take you home?
Yeah... That's my excuse.
Someone flew a hot-air balloon under the Quechee Gorge bridge.
Anyway to date my 870? I bought it used a few years ago.
Thanks. I'll give a look.
Unless he was playing the Jets. Then, he was a beast.
Hits home. ...
I was at basic training on Parris Island when that happened. My SDI (senior drill instructor) was a proud Texan, and gathered us up in the squad bay to inform us of the Columbia space shuttle explosion. He basically halted training for the day, which meant no one had to worry about getting annihilated by the other two drill instructors, and talked to us about how sacrifice to a greater good connected us sub-human scum-sucking Private Pyle shitbags* to the heroes who died returning from space. It really helped add some context to the uncertainty of those 14 weeks knowing, without a doubt, that we were all going to war. *watch Full Metal Jacket.
What cars have V4 engines besides the old Ford-powered Saab Sonnets?
I think Monoprice sells small hard cases for cameras. No experience with them, though.
Vermont?
Henniker Brewing has the best IPA going right now.
Saw an identical Xterra two days ago on my drive home from work. Snorkel and all.
Neato.
Is your valve cover leaking on the passenger side? Its a well known issue with the VG33E. Happened to me. The oil drips down onto the starter, and it kills it.
The Coast Guard rep told me my prior DUI had no influence on receiving my credentials when I received them at a maritime academy. Be honest, and don't hide things that'll pop up on an in-depth background check.
Most repos happen when the cars are parked. They'll track it down. Make sure you hide that thing well.
BAMCIS, motherfucker!
Exachary
"Knowing is half the battle; The other half is violence." -G.I. Joe
Looks great. Congrats on the hard work paying off.
Some of the worst beer in Texas, and therefore, the country.
The Boston Beer company hasn't made good beer in a decade.
No, you're right. But, Shell Rotella for lyfe.
Check the fluid level. On our old 2004 R50 the turbine speed sensor leaked ATF and the shifting acted weird as the fluid level got low.
Use the USAA beta app. It works fine for mobile deposit on my rooted phone. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.usaa.mobile.android.usaa.beta Let me know if you need help.
Works on rooted phones. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.usaa.mobile.android.usaa.beta
Have you checked it though. Not saying they messed up, but who knows.
Yes. IIRC, it's on the left side of the engine, as you face it from the front.
Was waiting for it to turn into a dick.
I still have no idea how this map is calculated, but good job on the effort.
Obvious solution is to install a two-step, and keep it pinned at 5000 Rippems at every stop sign/red light.
This is why pull-ups are more important than push-ups in the military.
Ouchy
They are literally standing behind an M1 Abrams tank. There's not too many OPFORs using those.
They are technically allies.
It's not like Sam Adams is great or anything. Crappy hops and burnt bread flavored malts. When I worked at Harpoon they used to talk shit about their brewing. It's not like Harpoon was ever that great either. I was just there for the free beer.
Yes. Tokens for days if you know the right person.
Source, please.
Thanks. I'm at work and flipped through the article too quickly. I went back and read it now that I'm on the shitter.
"7.5 POUNDS OF PAIN!!!!!!!" Unload your M16. Put one pointer finger in the flash hider. Put the other finger in the buttstock retaining screw. Fully extend your arms out in front of you. Scream out the top line at the top of your lungs. Hold rifle with two fingertips....forever.
Thanks Mom.
They used Ruger Mini-14s, not Springfield M1As.
WW2 vets and worked right up the road at Ruger forever.
My 1987 Saab 900 Turbo had an external oil cooler. They've been around as an external feature forever.
That's how Galveston was.
Year, make, model, OS, hardware installed? Your question is too vague for anyone to even begin to take a stab at.
Thanks. And no worries, I always forget stuff the first time around. I'm not super familiar with the newer models, but it could be RAM, logic board, or GPU issues. Hopefully, some of the other, smarter, folks chime in.
Explains our divorce.
Drill holes through it. Duh.
Red sky at night, sailor's delight; Red sky at morning, sailor take warning.
I have the Gent as well, it's a nice little knife.
The Kurds don't flood obscene amount of money into US politics through lobbyists.
Cliff notes*
What's the easiest way to save all my photos from Faceballs? Those old pics are the only reason I haven't deleted the account. I rarely ever actually go on it anymore.
Back in my day it's was chewing the original Stackers. Then they started blowing up people's hearts and the FDA banned them.
Bro
Glock 20 with hard cast lead boolits.
Hahahaha. Good.
O2 sensors? Lambda?
Saab used to make a friction tester vehicle for airports back in the 1980s. There was a person on one of the old forums I frequently visited for DIY Saab repairs that bought one. https://www.google.com/search?q=saab+friction+tester&amp;oq=saab+friction+tester&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l3.6175j0j4&amp;client=ms-unknown&amp;sourceid=chrome-mobile&amp;ie=UTF-8
OODs can also be enlisted. At they were in my old BN.
I have a signed photograph of the Mercury 7 crew. Got it from my great uncle's estate after he passed away.
Ex-wife: Not until it was too far gone New woman I'm seeing: Yes! Thank fucking God.
I'm worried its going to be the Duke Nukem of car redos.
Best place to get stabbed, I'll tell you h'wat.
How do you think I felt Monday, and today?
Delete the post, and resubmit with correct title.
[Lol!](https://i.imgur.com/6sMKyov.gif) OP is wrong, knows it, but won't fix their error because "omg, the karma loss", and white knights like you.
Happening right now on my toilet!
What is that sight/optic mounted on the feed tray cover? It looks like a prehistoric EOTech.
A Wrangler is a shit-tier vehicle for the winter. Fix it, sell it, and buy something AWD if you want a winter beater.
Google Larry Allen.
IIRC, back in the 90s, 2nd AABN H&amp;S Co. Marines kept a hooker in their closet for a week.
Fucking snowflakes who are always bugged about something.
Ah USMC.... how I love your frugality. Still issuing a Beretta M9.
It blows my mind how many people assume an AR needs to be cleaned and lubed up every day to function.
Vice had a majority stake bought by Disney. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vice_Media
I think most kids in that sub don't even drive.
A recoiless rifle would work. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recoilless_rifle But, since this is all imaginary, there's probably some [Kraut Space Magic](https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/2j4ktz/where_did_the_phrase_kraut_space_magic_originate/) making it all work.
I read it as "gurkha" and my brain thought kukri, and was like why in the Pope's fuck would you dangle that between your pistol and spare magazine?
That's what the po-po are for.
Ok, listen..... You need to do a better job of sharing the relevant information. Year, model, etc.. How is anyone supposed to offer help if they don't know if you're talking about a 1979 EMS or a 2011 9-5?
What chassis is it going in?
The lack of beer is disturbing.
Save the Manuals!
Free Botox!
Hmmmm. Probably not.
My grandfather flew a Dauntless SBD divebomber, and a Vought F4U Corsair over the Pacific in the Marine Air Corps over Midway (and a bunch of other battles). I can't wait to see a modern adaptation of the planes that won the war.
I had a cool neighbor who shared a patio with my apt., and we'd share beers after work. I met his dad and brothers one day in the stairwell, and they told me he had died of a heart attack while at work. Next apartment I lived in across the country.... My upstairs neighbor was a cool dude who smoked to help with his headaches.. Day after Xmas he pulls the trigger on himself while in the tub. He had an inoperable brain tumor. I had just left the apt. complex to walk my dog and came back to a bunch of cops rolling up fast. Whether he waited for me to leave or it was dumb luck, I'll never know.
What do you mean? Sorry... I'm talking about the new Midway movie.
Oh... Gotcha.
What is it mixed with?
Every machine I've fired has been incredible.
Those are Cobras, and they don't carry M134s.
Those are T129 Atak helos from Turkey. They fire a chin-mounted M197 20mm Gatling gun. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/M197_electric_cannon
That's the autocannon for the Apache. Those are M197 Gatling guns in the .gif https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/M197_electric_cannon
Op is a moron.
They're not even AH1s. They're Turkish T129, firing the M197 20mm gun. And all you did was copy/paste the history of the AH1, so thanks.
The only difference will be if you want audio (HDMI) or not (Displayport) available for the monitor.
I like my Armada, it's just old and has a bajillion miles on.
I think there is an LED conversation for the UTL.
Nice Let's see that rifle.
Good question. Now that I think about it... My work machine (Windows) won't send audio via Displayport, but my old MacBook Pro sends audio via the Mini Displayport cable to my TV.
It looks like a left over Javelin tube. It's just a fiber glass tube with some writing on it. They are discarded after the missile is fired from it.
[Did some somebody say Old Gregg?](http://i.imgur.com/zAe5x7D.jpg)
I served with plenty of chicken-shit oxygen thieves in leadership positions.
Color blind, patella alta, and Crohn's disease. Have have been denied several jobs for the first one (strict vision requirements), and several surgeries (and likely more in the future) for the second two.
We used to film our three-man challenge... Pint of Guinness, car-bomb, and a shot of Jameson. My best was 13 seconds. I see room for improvement.
Is it up in Bremerton? I thought I stumbled upon it on Google Maps the other day?
I'm pretty sure these are the same basic design as the Primary Arms prism scopes. Probably made in the same Chinese factory. I've had both the 3x and 5x PA scopes and liked them.
It varies
You can get a flash-kill. The PA3x and PA5x are already magnified.
I'm curious what BB makes with a combined HC and GM position.
On average, they were still peeing their chonies and trying to learn how the Velcro® on their shoes worked. I almost never visit that sub unless I'm looking for the game thread.
Hey! Thanks.
The one good thing about being stationed in Our house Bay was that we were so far from everyone that that dumb shit didn't happen to us. Granted, there was more than enough extra chromosomes in the senior leadership, and plenty of stupid existed, but people seemed to know how to dress themselves.
Bonanza or Skyway Ledges?
Is this post marked [Serious]? Hint: It's not.
Looks like a lab/Shar pei mix.
Nice.
So here's the thing... The nervous and circulatory system are very sensitive to damage. You get shot in the CNS or major artery, and you're probably dead. The skeletal and muscular structure of the human body is really resilient.
He didn't keep on slugging... He was passed over for dead, and had to spit blood for a rescuer to notice.
I received a $1400 ambulance bill for simply sitting in one, and getting a bandaid on my forearm. I called the billing phone number and told them I was 17 years old and couldn't afford it. True story. They canceled the bill, I guess, because I never heard a thing about it.
I've been out of the military for 13 years, and my healthcare is free, which is good, because it currently covers expensive medications and surgeries.
Did they pierce his lip as well?
Wikipedia has modern wolves at 105-160cm. Not sure where you're getting 100cm.
The measurements are wrong.
Source?
Thanks, I've been out of the loop on the saga of this numbnut.
I second that.
Too bad he doesn't get to go back in a cage. His family and the shitty judge should join him.
Can I get a source on that suggestion?
I see two 9-5s.
Where's the 9-3?
If you've been there, then you know how much it sucks..... unless you're on Camp Lemonade.
It's all over the main networks, brother. Not sure where you get your news from. It's also featured prominently on the radio this morning and last night.
What's wrong with using a can of MAF cleaner spray? I ditched the K&amp;N filter on my 2005 Armada, cleaned all the only gunk off the MAF sensor, and picked up 1.5 MPGs.
I've never seen any of them.
Just stop using it. Shocking, I know.
Massdrop?
Bro... I came here to post that same exact thing. Props.
I am prescribed it for my Crohn's, and it is also used to treat rheumatoid arthritis, which I also have. It helps keep the Crohn's knocked down, bit I've had several surgeries to remove parts of my GI tract. Fun stuff.
https://www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2013/07/who-heck-ron-mexico/312971/
2nd Recon BN used to use them a lot. There was a parking lot full of them in Courthouse Bay.
I don't know, how else would they justify their lack of education, fat wife, and inability to reason without pointing at their collar.
Shorts and t-shirts every day at my office. Place still sucks, and I can do all my work from home...... If it were allowed.
Yes
I've had the issue with some videos (Reddit format) not playing. OnePlus 6T
^ Reading between the lines. I'm sure everyone here looked at the image and spewed out their own hot-take, but I'm curious why McCown listed Edelman at #4. Perhaps it could have been value to the team, or something more intrinsic than stats. Big plays are fun to watch, but so is moving the chains for the 1st down.
They're in just about every cordless tool battery. Vaping is dumb, btw.
Petroleum products are used in a heck of a lot more industries than just gassing up automobiles. They will never go away. Refineries will always exist.
Did you see the short film his BR character did? Edit: found the link: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=yJYH9aGEEGg
I can still see the dogleg rust.
You're welcome
WMUR Manchester: NTSB sending team to Randolph to investigate crash that killed 7. https://www.wmur.com/article/serious-crash-involving-motorcycles-pickup-shuts-down-route-2-in-randolph/28143655 CNN: Seven motorcyclists are dead after colliding with a pickup truck in New Hampshire. https://www.cnn.com/2019/06/22/us/new-hampshire-accident-motorcyclists-pickup-truck/index.html Fox News: New Hampshire highway collision leaves 7 motorcyclists dead, 3 injured. https://www.foxnews.com/us/new-hampshire-highway-collision-7-motorcyclists-dead-3-injured
My first issued rifle in the Fleet was in 2003, and it was supposedly from a group of weapons of guys that had been seriously knocked out if the fight/killed. Areas of the steel parts were rusty whereas others weren't. The armorer said that was probably where the blood had hit it. Fun stuff.
There's lots of places in Vegas where you can rent machine guns and tanks and shit. Bonus: no one tries to blow you up.
Not sure yet. Looking at a map of RT.2 in Randolph, that stretch of road looks fairly straight, so I wonder if the truck crossed the line, or if the driver didn't see the group crossing the opposite lane. They were reportedly just leaving the accommodation they stayed at. Sad.
Multiple articles state Ram 2500 and trailer, not a tractor and trailer. The picture in the linked article (not the ones in the comments) shows a pick up and small trailer.
Less weight to haul airborne, less fuel used.
Where are you seeing the picture of the flaming tractor?
Except the wheels were always too narrow, and look silly tucked 2 inches into the wheel wells.
Use a credit card. Protect yourself; it's the CC card company's money. Pay off the balance every month, or right after the purchase via the USAA app, and build your credit rating.
The AR platform is older than the Mini platform.
Yeah... Part of gets sad thinking they might need the money bad enough to be forced to work in a profession more suited to young people.
Firearms are mechanical hole punches. Rocks don't pierce.
Because Henry Ford.
I take it you're not someone who's ever thrown rocks. A shotgun slug is 1.5oz of lead fired at 1200fps (typically) and several orders of magnitude removed from a rock thrown. Just...stop trying to be that person.
Gun Jesus is the only Jesus.
Almost none of the points you try to make are true.
Worked fine for the Missouri. It lasted through WW2, and long enough to fire the opening salvo of cruise missiles in Desert Storm.
What else changed besides camshaft, valvesprings, and bore&amp;stroke?
I've DD'd 5 Saabs over the years and they all were fine with their batteries. Ymmv.
Aside from the perpetual hyperbole about BB and Brady leading the team to the AFC Championship again, I think most rational New England fans are usually as concerned about the upcoming season as everyone else. It has been incredibly humbling to be in a position to root for these guys since before their run of success, and I know it's over sooner, rather than later. Anyways.... It'll be stressing to watch them, as usual.
LA sucks, haven't you heard?
yougotit.gif
Another reason to hate anyone with blue paint on their license plate.
Try Blender. Sorry
Make sure you remember to disconnect the electrical connection first. You may need to undo the three nuts that hold the downpipe to the turbo, and the downpipe support bracket down by the transmission so you can lower the downpipe and access the O2 sensor easier. It's been a while since I did it, but I remember it was a minor PITA.
Should have snuck an A1 stock on there.
My favorite part about humping M2s and MK19s is how there are basically no comfortable ways to hold it on your shoulder. At least I only had to jump it from the ramp to the armory.
Pie cuts.
Poor Rosen.
You are correct. But it certainly wasn't always like that. e.g. Gronk, Dink-n-Dunk™, random white lacrosse player, etc.
They can, and do say it's due to climate change. Not sure where you're getting that false info from.
Can someone explain what the over/under is, and how it works? I don't gamble, or bet, (except on that first marriage...whoops) on anything and still don't always follow what people are talking about.
Thank you and your ELI5 lesson.
This is not true at all. Men top our physically in their early 30s. Human bodies aren't fully developed until mid-twenties. Source: former military, know lots of military, common sense, 30 seconds of fact checking.
And uzis.
Is the Xterra transmission the same as the Titan's RE05?
Does the Frontier ECU plug into the V8 engine harness?
It would be cheaper to not use this M4 as the base for an A4 clone, as you'd need to change the stock, barrel, handguard, entire gas system, etc.
The M4 stock is different that the A4 stock. Also, you're not going to get much money for a used 1:9 twist Bushmaster upper. I can't see any situation where you sell enough parts after spending the $500+ on this used rifle, selling parts, and spending another $500 on the A4 upper+stock and scope to make it worth it.
Where did you hear that?
That's not what's happening in the clip.
You forgot to mention the toxic townies.
I'd love one of these in .300BLK.
Cadillac XLR taillights are like $4500. Source: Jalopnik
Imagine if you transferred the value to a 401k? Edit: whooooooosh
Nah, fuck that shitbag.
M16A4 "longboy" clone.
thereitis.gif
Probably never happening. Has there ever been a mid-engine Cadillac?
Here is a live-updated global monitoring stream of air and water variables gathered from various satellites, ground stations, and water-born sensors. https://earth.nullschool.net/#current/chem/surface/level/overlay=so2smass/orthographic=133.33,-23.92,730 "About"link, explaining the resources for the imagery: https://earth.nullschool.net/about.html
They attacked a library website. Just let that sink in. A library... The true vanguard of facts.
What makes you think there aren't any guns in AUS?
E30s don't have OBDII ports.
It didn't at the time of my posting, hence the comment.
There's a better app called YouTube Vanced.
"Kill them all, and let Budda sort them out." -Adolf Hitler (probably)
Love it.
Download and use RiF from the Play store. It's 10000x better.
Same boat.... I have a P80 lower and SBA4, and want to do a .300BLK build.
Do you have two independently verified sources for that claim?
We're you running an updated gearbox?
How do the propellent gasses get ahead of the projectile as it passes through the barrel?
Yeah, I was just confused be your previous post.
I mean..... Lucifer fell from heaven.
Should move to a free state. /s Sort of.
Try and clear the fuel lines of the old gas.
Are you gonna cut the LCA bolts? They usually seize into the bushing in only a couple years.
Make sure you buy the Diablo carbide -tipped blades. I think they are the 8, or 10, TPI blades. I went through like 8 blades on my Armada front LCAs. Going to do my rears really soon.
How reputable is Business Insider compared to other media outlets? (I'm curious for myself.). i.e. What is there agenda for writing the story compared to other news outlets. Why do they steer your thinking one way or another when you finish reading the article?
I used to think Australia was a cool place to be, but the more I hear about the corrupt govt. and draconian laws it's been losing its luster and appeal.
MAC-10? Edit: I think that's a MAC-11.
This looks chunkier than my buddy's MAC-10 (.380 AARP), especially the magazine dimensions, so I'm going with 11.
How can you tell compared to the 11?
I'm confusing myself about which caliber each model is. My buddy has a registered .380ACP MAC w/matching suppressor. It's a hoot to shoot, but the factory folding stock is way too short, and loading mags takes up 99% of the time. It fires at like 1200RPM, and is a total room-broom. Pretty much hearing safe with the can on, though. Edit:. Yeah that pic is a 10.
I cut the LCA flush with the mounting brackets, then cut the bolts. My Armada uses coils in the front/rear, so that's easier, I suppose. My '04 Xterra luckily didn't need new LCAs while I owned it.
At ease, Devildog.
I EAS'd in 2006. Drove out of Courthouse Bay and said fuck that noise.
You're not wrong, but the hivemind doesn't care about in-home weapons safety, unless it's someone else's.
Oakland Whole Foods has multiple armed guards.
How do I make this the boot animation for my phone?
Should always call 911 when trespassers force their way into your property.
Fuck Texas, and all of the South while you're at it.
I use the USAA Beta app. It's in the play store and works fine for me.
He's spending $150m on a super bowl ad. No joke.
That's be a shitty FOB with all that brass next to his position. Taliban would have that spot annihilated with RPK/RPG/mortars.
Check the valve cover gaskets for leaking/seeping oil. The passenger gasket leaks at the back of the valve cover and the oil drips down the block onto the starter, slowly killing it.
Walmart is shit, don't support the conglomerate that kills local businesses.
Here is a video of a guy doing it in real life. https://youtu.be/M3Ul-s9_MA0 He has one of the better YouTube channels.
Automated downvote bots. A few years after I joined this shithole website they changed the voting method from actual counted upvotes/downvoted to a weighted number (you used to be able to see the actual numbers up/down) that prevents any post from shooting to the top too quickly.
My Armada has 232,xxx miles on the stock engine and is purring along excellently.
Only T7 and up engines had sludge issues.
The B204, and it's derivatives, is a Trionic 5 engine....1994 and newer. The B202 is an older Bosch or Lucas managed series.
I'm doing a rear LCA on my Armada this weekend and bought a three-pack of Diablo carbide blades. When I had to cut out my front LCAs (same as Titan LCAs) I went through 7 or 8 blades plus a broken carbide blade. It was a motherfucker.... Those grade 12 bolts are no joke.
They're doing it this year too.
Don't you mean M16A2 (orgery)?
I bet if you just buy oem units you'll be fine.
Eggplants
The person replying to your comment might be shadow-banned. That explains why you can't see their message.
Common sense ain't that common, dude.
Agile from Rondo Music.
My Armada has factory 18s (same chassis as OP's QX56) and I think the smallest you can run are 17s due to the brake size.
Union jobs still have them, such as working for UPS.
Can you find used units from eBay?
Is that an aftermarket flash hider? My Ranch just has the sight on the end of the barrel, but no flash hider. Your setup is exactly what I want to do to my Mini.
Thanks for the link. They appear to be OOS, but I emailed the company to ask.
They are cheap. Not really designed to be BIFL.
None of them appear to have their SAPI plates in either.
Where is the optimal place to shoot a shark in order to put it down quickly, AND minimize risk of damaging the severed limb inside it?
I've been lucky enough to shoot my friend's registered full-auto Mac-11, and it's an absolute room broom. ....If you can sweep a room in the 1.5 seconds it takes to go through a magazine. The suppressor works surprisingly well. It does occasionally have hiccups with flat-nosed bullets, but it wasn't really designed for JHP stuff, or so he told me.
Except you all have SARS-CoV-2 because there's still a global pandemic, and the picture show lack of social distancing and/mask use.
What lamp is that?
Ok
Y'all are about to be 1833s.
You see them posted online on gun/surplus/tactical websites pretty commonly. Makes you wonder.
I've been out since 2006. I just follow this sub for the the lolz. Occasionally I get to chime in with some actual advice or experience from my days hosing out hulls and plenums. And, to say how the old AAAV would have been perfect for the direction the USMC's amphibious plan is currently trending. Like... 1000x better than current ACV designs. This was not one of those times.
Falls Church?
Get the USMC bayonet. https://ahappycamper.com/product/usmc-ontario-knife-m7-bayonet-system-tan/
Crocodiles were, and are, a different species than the dinosaurs. They existed at the same time, but crocs have survived to current times. https://animals.howstuffworks.com/reptiles/crocodiles-descend-from-dinosaurs.htm#:~:text=Crocodiles%20are%20built%20to%20last,have%20far%20outlived%20the%20dinosaurs.&amp;text=For%20starters%2C%20dinosaurs%20and%20crocodiles,environment%20to%20heat%20and%20cool.
Had one in Iraq back in 2005ish. The blade stop eventually wore out so that you could close the blade just by tapping the blade on the spine with your palm.
Enjoy... I think it looks goofy and awesome.
And here I am pumping out node splits for a biggy ISP to keep up with you all streaming and gaming out the wazoo. The Covid-19 staycation lit all the warning systems on fire earlier this year, and we've been working balls-out to put the fires out.
The entire United States Marine Corps and Crayola.
I'd love to see the Dyno graphs of that.
I know Reddit has a repost addiction, but this exact post was all over the front page two days ago.
Sounds like UPS.
Lol
His playing weight was ~265lbs. and he said he was walking around 240lbs. after not playing football for a while. Hardly skinny.
Or when my boot driver didn't look at the gauges for the whole road March, and blew the VT525 apart. That was fun.
Tony Soprano is pissed.
OD &gt; everything else.
Just bought a 13" black.... ...AR15 combo. I have a 16" barrel laying around. And, some +P .45ACP hard cast Buffalo Bore ammo, because why not?!
Worth 12 billion.
Melt it down and recast it as something useful.
Looked him up and says he's at like 4 billion.
I've seen a ton up in NH. The irony of LFOD isn't lost on me.
Welp.... Just bought one. Thanks!
I looked at a bunch a few years ago, but never found one in good shape.
In for one. I've got an SBA4 brace on hand to throw on the next lower I finish, so theres no rush for the A3.
You forgot General Order #12.
I'd really like to try a 5.7mm, but I just bought a billet* upper/rail combo, Holosun sight, SBA3, and a box of hard cast lead .45AARP ( for some reason). My wallet is tapped at the moment.
Since most of NH is private land, and most shooters are annoyingly secretive about their spots (if the have any) you'll probably have a hard time finding anything online. I've lost a few spots of my own over the years...pits in SW NH... and I've yet to find anywhere easily accessible, not counting clubs or private ranges. Good luck.
This is *literally* one of the more information-filled comments posted here.
I just got the shipment confirmation and tracking#. Ordered it yesterday.
old.reddit.com &gt; any new shit
There are no drill sergeants in the USMC. The term is Drill Instructor. Try calling one a drill sergeant while you at basic training, and see how that treats you. Thank you for listening to my Ted Talk.
I was... Honorable Discharge at the end of 2006. I think it's for the best. Too many people that have enlisted and never been yelled at or hit in their lives. Being yelled at or hit isn't a prerequisite for being in the military, but your mind needs to be retrained how to focus on the NEXT step in a situation that can be pure chaos and confusion. The yelling, screaming, berating is employed by the DIs to simulate the instant, changing, chaos of wartime, and over the time at PI or San Diego, the recruits hopefully learn how to follow commands under pressure. I'm sure a lot has changed since I was at Parris Island, but who knows.
Upvote for Saab. The deck is nice too.
Yeah, it the Interceptor flak jacket. Depending on the time frame they had either the earlier SAPI plates, or the newer E-SAPI plates. It was also common(ish) for guys to rock second-chance vests underneath, but those were all recalled at some point in 2003 or 4? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interceptor_Body_Armor Edit: I'm obviously blind. Those aren't the typical plate carriers from the day. Must be some high-speed bubbas running their own gear.
Good man. Thanks.
Anyone know if you can buy a replacement battery cover for these? Mine cracked off while mowing the lawn.
Bullets with high velocity, and other favorable factors, like ballistic coefficient and mass, can travel relatively far distances before bullet drop becomes an issue. For example: A rifle (M16A2) firing the M855 62gr. 5.56mm round will be able to zero it's sights at 25 yards, and still have the same point of impact at 300 yards. There is no appreciable drop. Gravity is absolutely working to pull the fired projectile back to Earth as soon as it leaves the barrel, but since the projectile is traveling at such a high velocity (~3000ft/s) it can go far before you need to adjust the elevation of your aim. Take this all with a grain of salt. Ballistics are tricky. Bullets aren't laser beams. The example I used isn't perfect, but it makes the point.
That's really not the case, practically speaking. And tuning ride handling characteristics via tire pressure is a real thing. Tire max pressure ratings are typically two or three times the vehicle pressure specs found on the door card. Tire blowout don't "just" happen because someone raised or lowered their pressure 5psi.
It depends what ammo you are shooting. Heavy subsonic ammo doesn't feed as well in 5.56mm magazines. But, supers under 150gr. should be ok. If you read Lancer's website magazine notes that's exactly what they say. https://lancer-systems.com/product/l5awm-300blk-10-magazine/
What engine is it?
Go for the B2x4 blocks to make big, safe, power. Adding a B2x5 head on a B2x4 block is good too.
In '02 I was at PI with a Russian gymnist dude who could do pull ups all day. The DIs would just tell at him to get down after 40 perfectly vertical overhand pullups. He was maybe 5'4" and probably weighed 125lbs.
Go watch anything by Chris Harris. Drifting supercars is easy, if you have the skills.
Pointless, useless, POS. A true meme-gun.
Pull out the firing pin out of your 5.56mm bolt, the load a .300BLK mag with 5.56mm. Rack the bolt a bunch and see how the rounds feed into the chamber.
Ah, I see.
$400 for a lower receiver? What in the Pope's fuck are they smoking?
Fuck Zscaler.
By the way y'all talk about every other BMW engine it sounds like my M62B44 is almost reliable.
Didn't someone from Pakistan post this same text last year, and someone from Iowa the year before, and Sierra Leone the year before that, and ........?
Accurate. Kip Thorne based some papers off the work modeling the black hole, and got a novel prize out of it. http://www.keckobservatory.org/the-science-behind-the-movie-interstellar-with-nobel-prize-winner-kip-thorne/
The main issue is that the average driver does not know how to properly set up their seating position. This includes the seatbelt attachment height. Whenever I see dudes with their seat all the way angled back, or old ladies leaning against the steering wheel airbag. If either of these two crash, they die.
Quit.
PBS News Hour They used to* do just the news, and then have dedicated segments to analysis and opinion. They were well-labled, and you knew exactly what you were watching (news/facts, or analysis/opinion). * I don't watch OTA or cable news because I'd rather sit on my deck and drink tasty alcohol. And it sucks. (TV I mean)
I guess Duck Duck Go uses it as their default map app. I just looked up some property with my VPN on and wondered why it all looked so weird.
CRISPR the WT out of the gene pool
Camera pans left..... Oh, that's just the Trader Joe's parking lot in Truckee.
How does the taurine and nicotine do for your heart rate?
I bought a stripped Spike's lower back in 2008 or so for like $35, and at least it still works, right? Got an Aero today for $75, and an Anderson for $50, which is still too much $$$ for what they are.
Does it flex?
At a local Runnings, in NH. They said they could get more if I wanted. I might want. Still.... @ $75 it's slightly offensive. Runnings is a mashup of Home Depot and Tractor Supply and Cabela's.
How big is your home? /s
Built it over the last 6 months or so, as time and $$$ permitted. Total mishmash of parts from all over the internet, random shops, and some leftover parts from old builds. Wanted a .300BLK for a change over the 5.56mm stuff I have. Upper: * MAS Defense complete upper - Blem * MAS Defense 10.5" barrel (kind of chunky/heavy) * Kaw Valley linear comp * A.R.M.S. BUIS from 12(??) years ago * Ghost Firearms No-Logo 12" M-Lok FF rail * Toolcraft complete M16 BCG - nitride * random M16 charging handle * a few Magpul grip panels * Holosun HS403C 2 MOA red dot (I'm thinking I should have gone with green. Doh) Lower: * Aero stripped lower * SBA3 pistol brace (bought an SBA4 in FDE, but I like the look of the A3 more better) * Magpul MOE grip * Griffin Armament QD end plate * Kaw Valley 4.3oz buffer (shooting supers... hope it's the correct-enough weight) * AR Stoner enhanced trigger group * CMC LPK minus trigger group * Lancer/Magpul/GI mags (I'll segregate whatever works the best for .300 supers) I'm looking forward to finally shooting this pistol, and appreciate everyone staying until the end of my Ted Talk.
Chaz?
Built it over the last 6 months or so, as time and $$$ permitted. Total mishmash of parts from all over the internet, random shops, and some leftover parts from old builds. Wanted a .300BLK for a change over the 5.56mm stuff I have. Upper: • MAS Defense complete upper - Blem • MAS Defense 10.5" barrel (kind of chunky/heavy) • Kaw Valley linear comp • A.R.M.S. BUIS from 12(??) years ago • Ghost Firearms No-Logo 12" M-Lok FF rail • Toolcraft complete M16 BCG - nitride • random M16 charging handle • a few Magpul grip panels • Holosun HS403C 2 MOA red dot (I'm thinking I should have gone with green. Doh) Lower: • Aero stripped lower • SBA3 pistol brace (bought an SBA4 in FDE, but I like the look of the A3 more better) • Magpul MOE grip • Griffin Armament QD end plate • Kaw Valley 4.3oz buffer (shooting supers... hope it's the correct-enough weight) • AR Stoner enhanced trigger group • CMC LPK minus trigger group • Lancer/Magpul/GI mags (I'll segregate whatever works the best for .300 supers) I'm looking forward to finally shooting this pistol, and appreciate everyone staying until the end of my Ted Talk.
ILM PD is pretty shady. The whole town govt is crooked as fuck.
After selling my Xterra I bought an Armada. With the 3.3l engine I was basically getting V8 fuel economy, so why not get V8 power and torque?
I worked/interned at PTC for a summer. Got to see and handle a lot of cool guns from other manufacturers. Lots of prototypes too. Not many people realize how many other customers in the gun industry they make parts for.
I don't know off the top of my head. Probably under$ 700. I can add it up later, and share.
Yeah, but Biden sucks too. And, it sucks that we're still stuck with two shitty old men who don't give a hoot about the future of the country for anyone else except those who can pay to play the 1% game.
E-SAPI plates are layered with ceramics. That's what we were issued back in the day.
I started out with an A2 and "upgraded" to an A4, still with iron sights.
The two founders are strong followers of Marxism, but at this point who cares, right? Here's a basic search on the topic: https://www.google.com/search?q=blm+founders+and+marxism&amp;oq=blm+founders+and+marxism&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.5722j0j4&amp;sourceid=chrome-mobile&amp;ie=UTF-8
You want an Amega or Ultimak rail to mount that RDS onto. You won't have to touch your iron sights. Put the RDS on a QD mount, and you'll be able to quickly transition to irons if you want.
What's your point?
Zaxby's &gt; all
Yep
Hey OP, what car is that?
Roll Tide!
GunBot OOS
Nothing like running over concertina wire in a tracked APC. That stuff will shear your final drive off like a Mustang through a crowd of gawkers.
Anderson lower, MAS Defense upper. AR Stoner 16" pencil barrel in .223 Wylde. Assorted other bits kept the price down to under $600 for his 1st AR. It'll be a big difference in shooting compared to his ultralight .270 or .45-70. He's pumped.
