Except level's displayed on the arc meter already (albeit poorly), could have tick marks representing 20 (for 1500ish) and 30 or 35 (for 2500ish), would allow for many more Pokemon to be viable and level the playing field between players.
What makes you believe the leagues are progressive? The twitter message says in the pic, "Choose your league", and in text, *"Trainers will need to choose a league before going into a Trainer Battle"*. You aren't limited to one, you play what you feel like at the time. There are also the equivalent of battle parties setup for each league.
Yes, which intuitively makes sense. Rather than a lower stat higher level at 2500 being better than a higher stat 'Mon that has to be lower level/weaker.
1. A benefit of sponge is they can graze it. 2. Powered supplements aren't necessary. Some of them pitch faster cycling and growth of bacteria for biofilm. 3. I avoid moss, which grow like crazy. Anubias Nano Petite, Marimo moss balls, Java Fern, floating plants like Water Sprite (especially good for nitrate reduction), and Pothos hanging out with roots in the water (also good for nitrate reduction). 4. Measure your water for GH and KH. Shrimp need the proper Calcium Carbonate and Magnesium in the water. 5. Sand is OK, but you don't want pockets of anaerobic areas. Gravel prevents this. It also provides more surface area for beneficial bacteria. 6. They eat biofilm and algae. Baby shrimp eat biofilm. Blanched spinach can provide iodine helpful to molting. Other foods are more for people than the shrimp. 7. You don't ask questions about cycling, which is the most critical part. :-)
Erm, move power and opponent's defense affect the ultimate damage, but not the attack * level factor element of the equation. I have two potential Dragonites, one lvl 24 CP 2487, one lvl 25 CP 2489. Average attack IV of the former is 7, the latter is 4. 24 (CP 2487): 0.65443563 times (263 attack + 7 iv) = **176.7** 25 (CP 2489): 0.667934 times (263 attack + 4 iv) = **178.3** Or, if we go even more extreme, per Gamepress, a 100%er 15/15/15 Dragonite would have a CP of 2492 at level 23... 23 (CP 2492): 0.64065295 x 278 = **178.1** (Ooo, almost as much as my ~4 IV lvl 25 2487 CP Dragonite.) A 0/0/0 per Gamepress would be 2482 CP at level 26... 26 (CP 2482): 0.68116492 x 263 = **179.1**
Check local laws re: abandonment, here any remaining property has to be itemized and stored with notice for months, before dispersing as desired.
Not just Betas, every fish eat them except for Otos. There are folks who keep fish and shrimp together who come back here posting after they separate them how well their shrimp then do.
Or playing Pokemon Go.
Yes please!
This is old now (last year, so doesn't include moves added since then like Meteor Mash and Frenzy Plant) but: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheSilphRoad/comments/78s26b/a_comparison_of_charge_moves/ (It also only covers charged moves.)
Yes, just like back with Prestiging, assuming the same damage formula, higher level provides more attack stat because of the CPM level factor. Or, to put it another way, last night someone asked to compare a Magneton with Raikou, the former at level 40 ended up much higher than the Raikou at lower level, with both just under 2500 CP. However move matters more generally. So even though the Raikou ends up with less attack in the damage formula at lower level, more powerful moves end up with more damage. That said, higher level won't overcome low stats. If something has really weak attack, doesn't matter how high a level you make it (keeping under 2500 CP), it'll do less damage than something with 100 more attack stat.
Fit is imported data which doesn't get used (like manual entry), would need an Android Wear Watch (about half the price of an Apple watch) which runs Fit natively.
You mean to feed? Foliage (oak leaves or Indian Almond leaves) are taken when they've fallen naturally from the tree, NOT fresh/green, which have chemicals in them to avoid being consumed. Abscissor cells separate the leaves after those chemical changes occur.
Yeah, higher level of similar stats is better. Stuff with really low stats don't overcome the level difference though. So, it depends. Interesting that you discovered the same thing via a different method than previous discussions on the topic.
Ooo, awesome, thanks for this! Before I retype it into a text form that's more readable/searchable, would you be willing to copy/paste the text to post as text, rather than a pic of text?
I bet glass cannons like Mewtwo will be less helpful than you might imagine. I wouldn't be surprised if more balanced stats are better. The lower offers another dimension to how it works, like the challenge of prestiging back in the day.
You stopped short of the next step, the higher level of same stat provides more damage (as the cpm factor for the higher level in the damage formula is bigger).
Huh? Damage is attack times cpm divided by defender's defense times their cpm, then that ratio is multiplied by bonuses and move power, etc.
You've gone from saying, there's no such thing as cpm in the damage formula (incorrect) to counting it twice? Also red-herring stuff not talked about it seems? Sorry I can't help ya' understand anymore.
Ah, OK, so as food... It has nothing to do with alive, obviously spinach is a non-toxic food source, while tree leaves are not (but go through a process removing their toxicity--but they aren't eaten anyway); meanwhile you're asking about a completely different plant, with it's own unique attributes unrelated to the others. What applies to different things, does not apply to something unrelated. I have no idea if they're toxic. Obviously you can blanch anything, that doesn't make it nutritional (spinach specifically has iodine).
What do you mean your water hardness is 150-180 ppm? Do you mean KH or GH? Obviously you shouldn't used distilled water unless you are remineralizing it with the same amount of calcium carbonate and magnesium. The safest is generally to mix water into a bucket before introducing it to the tank, so you can be sure it matches parameters. The most important part though, is to keep the bacteria in your filter alive and oxygenated so your cycle doesn't crash. Pick up a battery operated air pump to keep in with your filter media and don't let it be out of water for more than 15 mins. Note, I'd not add fish to a shrimp tank, they will eat shrimplets.
Perhaps I should of qualified prestiging to obtain max. gain? IE using half CP trainers against a defender with twice the CP.
Five days ago I received one. Our group didn't poll everyone, but someone was lamenting not receiving one, and other confirmed they did. So I wasn't an exception, multiple here received them in the past several days.
I wonder if it's a random move, or what move pool that it comes from, if it's consistent each time, and if it applies per team Pokemon or all three get the same unlocked move.
Yes.
In development, specifically said subject to change for release.
So erm, don't introduce them to spoofers, who aren't out playing anyway? Also in the two lower tiers higher IVs may be a liability as they result in lower levels and less damage/defense.
Fish'll eat shrimplets. The sole except being Otos.
Venusaur: Grass/Poison
The question is if it will generate enough energy to use its move. Obviously you'd want it to be last in the lineup with hope your opponent uses their shields before it comes into play. Note its high CP works against it for the two lower tiers, as it would be much lower level to fit into them, and consequentially its damage is reduced. So it would be an interesting gambit. However once you become known for using that strategy, folks would save a shield. Since it's all or nothing, them shielding would be the end for Slaking.
Half of those, but Machamp and T-tar are *very* squishy and will go down fast. Better to have Hariyama instead. Anything double-weak like T-tar will be a huge gamble, just like it's a horrible gym defender that gets crushed quick. Mewtwo hits hard enough it might have some use before it gets knocked out, but it's a glass cannon, there's a reason Lugia and Cressalia are listed as better psychic types. (I realize Mewtwo's big advantage is having type coverage of all its counters. But that's a one-for-one trade off, not getting you ahead.) Electric as a whole has lower damage output numbers than other types iirc, which given how often you'll find yourself in neutral matchups, might rake it less useful, but Raikou can be outshined by Magnezone or others. This leads me to wonder if the premise is based too much on supposition. There's almost nothing of my powered up raid attackers I'd use. Meanwhile what I'm looking at for 2500 is often the same or similar to unlimited choices. 1500 is obviously an exception and more like prestiging was back in the day.
Just considering attack, which is base 263 for Dragonite... (263 + 15) * CPM at level 14 of 0.49985844 = **138.96** (263 + 0) * CPM at level 15.5 of 0.525942511 = **138.32** This is one of the rare cases the higher level isn't greater than the lower level. (Note, in the damage formula, that figure would be divided by the defender's defense*cpm, multiplied by power and bonuses and rounded off basically, so the result would likely be the same for both of those Dragonites.)
Erm, 0/0/0 IV gives you higher level for a given CP, which can result in more damage, as the CPM in the damage formula is higher for the higher level FYI.
It's more that the three seconds is the time opponents have to choose to shield or not. In that same time, what shall the attacker do? Tap furiously to extra charge the move. So it's not so much the move lasting three seconds, it's three seconds to shield for one person, and rapidly tap for the other for increased damage. After those three seconds, then the display and results and back to the regular action.
Perhaps, but likely no. Most folks here who haven't seen breeding lower the temps to find success. Shrimp like room temps, thriving in high 60°s to mid-70°s. 80 is at the top end of their survival, so 78 might be stressing them out too much.
One for Cress/Deoxys of Gengar and Mewtwo. One empty for timer skipping. One gym of couple Machamps, Mewtwo, Rayquaza, Raibou, and Moltres.
Interesting perspective re: strategizing beforehand versus on the fly. (Note "tactic" is more typically defined as a plan of action, reverse of your usage. Tactic's a noun after all.) I'd rather my opponents be able to use the latest ideas and have complete flexibility rather than being stuck with limited prior decisions. I disagree about your supposition that the folks seeking out tournaments won't be put off by needless restrictions entirely, I'm *very* interested and have been awaiting for over two years but already turned off. Our Discord has a bit over 1,000 accounts and some are very competitive, yet the prior pvp systems available were too complex for most. Also, why limit the competition to those that prefer a more restrictive format? I'd rather be able to compete against all, rather than just those wanting to inhibit such. I'd rather a stronger playing field. It seems very presumptive to change the rules before we see how the rules even work and discover the layers that will be there, which may take weeks or even months.
Same issue here, about 0.4% of our members have Travelers Cards. And they aren't the competitive types, just collectors.
Generally speaking I've found more instances where 0/0/0 at a higher level provides more damage. Essentially the CPM difference in the higher level provides more gain than 15 more attack stat. There are few instances where it's not significant enough to matter and the variability of 0-15 IV is essentially zip. Note I've only really looked at attack * cpm, since defense is a small factor in CP, the IV might not need to be low necessarily.
I appreciate those folks too! I think a difference here is local culture, when a new legendary comes out, which draws out the largest crowds, there's a lot of discussion of useful counters in our Discord. We also don't use bots for raid organization, so there's more dialog between members and others seeing those discussions. We do have a "counters" command from a bot which lists top things for T5 and EX raids in the public channel. Finally general encouragement leading up to raids, "We want more balls to catch it, hope nobody's including an Aggron! Also more loot too." This can open discussion, "What do you mean more loot?" Since more casual folks often have harder times catching big raid bosses, they want more balls to begin with.
As safe as playing the game is to begin with, since you're only receiving/sending data to their servers (aside from the QR scan, but that isn't accessing outside data via browser when used in the app).
Interestingly they show up as different old app colors in the prior app version if new versions donned in the new app.
Note these might just be adjustments for the easy/medium/hard levels of PvE when battling the AI.
While the old gym system was challenging, the new is fluffy, as they found something like 1% engaged in the old. The current app isn't a game at all, there's no elements of "game", just a collection app, ala virtual butterfly collecting. PvP will be markedly different and many have no interest. That's fine. Those that do have an interest will play with those that also do. There are people who just collect chess sets for the artistry. There are those that play recreationally, and competitively. The good news is you won't cross paths with casuals in PvP, or will just crush them and never challenge them again. It's a different venue than folks gathering together to help each other complete a raid. Holding raiders to an arbitrary standard is kinda' silly though, for a collecting app.
Imagine a big letter S. Now fly down until you are on the letter near the middle part and look in one direction. You can't see the other unless you go to the other side/hemisphere half a year later to view in that direction.
If the yellow is vibrant and opaque, I'd do that but cull the clear one. Yes, not only get a filter on a new tank up and running asap, but if you have extra biomedia with cycling bacteria you can take from the existing filter, then it would be cycling right away. If not, does with an ammonia neutralizer while waiting for beneficial bacteria to develop in the new tank's filter.
Well there are correlations, they share the same nerve endings, both get engorged from blood flow (to dramatically different degrees), they develop originally from the same tissue (ala labia and scrotum). Perhaps he meant more metaphorically than literally the same organ...?
As pointed out in the post you replied to ironically. ;-)
Yes as others said, dose Prime daily. However, don't do a complete water change before the shrimp are put in as you want the ammonia there for bacteria to continue to flourish and the Prime'll have made it neutral/nontoxic.
This gets specific to your individual situation, and is more an accountant question. Simple, mortgage means you can put liquid cash elsewhere to earn a better return, but will it? Cash means lower expenses. Tax-wise, financing's a write-off line on the Sched. E deducted from income. Much of profit is from equity gain though. That can be put to use if cash poor. So you would need to find something to invest the cash in with a better rate of return while using other financing for expansion. Or not, and K.I.S.S. Which'll offer higher quality of life for you?
First, don't promote it yet, Niantic's overdoing it and it'll just draw the negative Nancys. Second, I setup a pvp channel and tournament channel and leaderboard channel nobody can see/read yet. I put info on our league notification groups there last week. I put the Silph.gg link in Tournament last week too. So when PvP releases, I'll make those readable and announce them. This way folks will try PvP and join stuff and overwhelm the pessimists. There can be legit discussion and arrangements to play rather than complaints. Seeing the prior posts will also give a bit of missing out sensation. The Leaderboard channel will be read only, but hints at published name recognition. Finally ignore those folks not participating helpfully and engage with those interested in playing. Can't convince someone investing in a biased view, but *can* enjoy the game with those that want to have fun.
Yeah it's winter here, I have venue quotes of about $100/hr. That ranges from card shops/game stores to VFW/Rotary Club halls to local park buildings which also require insurance.
During/after the mortgage crisis the state here had a program similar to guaranty without deposit. The issue? Deposit you have the money and immediately enact repairs. Filing a claim takes time. Getting it approved takes time. Receiving payment takes time. Tenants have no "skin" in the game so aren't motivated to care. If you have the liquidity to cover all that and don't care that they neglect you...
Website with info currently, with web app in the future (as it currently says).
Venues around here $100/hr. and it's winter. Many also require insurance of course. No way to be free face to face.
Remember certain neutral attacks are shown as not very effective due to combined resistance and weakness, so I'd not push it, but test it with something irrelevant.
Well the app itself is boring since they nerfed gyms. There's no challenge, the only reason to catch is to get resources for... ...what? PvP I'm glad they will be turning the app back into a game. All the competitive apps/games have PvP.
Erm, you mean make interesting strategic selections, tap at the right times, respond to your opponents' choices, strategically ~~dodge~~ shield, etc... The only time rapid tapping comes into play is for your charged move use, while your opponent is given time to decide to shield or not. None of what you presumed applies to the early pre-release looks folks had, just were negative assumptions some were presuming years ago that aren't applicable it appears.
Note the lower leagues aren't meant to be "easier" per Niantic's interviews, they offer greater depth of selections. The -1500 may turn out to be the hardest, especially for folks that don't understand stats/mechanics. The unlimited is simpler in that aspect.
*shield, ty, edited
How does a shrimp look exhausted? No makeup covering dark circles under their eyes? ;-) Shrimp will be real lively on day one as they explore new environs. Later that job is done, they know what's over there. They'll just hang about, or graze. If you see real lively again, it would likely be because a female molted, put on sexy makeup, and is releasing "come and get it boys" hormones, and the males will be circling the tank in search of her.
I was on the receiving end of this, a Metagross fired of four Meteor Mash in a row, back to back, wiping out my three without my being able to do anything.
OK, I'll bite and take ya' seriously, I've won by strategic shield use, given the damage changes with resistance being more effective now than ever before, you can eat certain attacks without repercussion, and save shield for a more critical time. Choice of attacks matters immensely, to try to use up their shield sooner. And attacker choice makes or breaks it. But for you, it'll still be a waste of time, if you don't find something challenging/fun, then do other things. For me, I have barely begun to scratch the surface with dozens of battles and continue to learn.
Sounds like an Orange Eye Black Tiger shrimp, not a neocaridina I'm afraid. You can tell when they are ready to breed if you can see a saddle of eggs within them.
Worse, way before losing consciousness, you lose focus and motor control, you'll just sit there giddy and happy unable to help them or yourself--even if commanded to do so. You might have a stray thought that something is important, but not know what, nor what to do about it. And that happens in seconds. So you blissfully watch your children die, not knowing what this "oxygen mask" thing you grabbed for them a second ago even is, or what it's for.
&gt; percentage of maximum stat? Kind of... See https://pokemongo.gamepress.gg/cp-multiplier
No thank you, it remains the final currency in the app, berries are essentially infinite with enough play, XP is irrelevant for the most part, Pokemon spawns are plentiful and can be increased, there needs to be something that isn't freely given in spades, it's bad enough they introduced the Starpiece, the last thing we need is something else that encourages pay-to-win and cheapening game-play (such as it is).
(Psst, for those that downvoted, note the temperature range on care sheets, where the middle is, and note most breeders and your shrimp came from unheated tanks.) ;-) Heaters don't offer benefit to most shrimp in most conditions, of bigger issue is cooling in summer so they don't get too hot, as we see every summer in this sub! There's been an interesting change in recent months of more replies suggesting heaters for some reason, which in past several years hasn't been the case, don't know if it's marketing or whatnot, but encouraging misinformation via voting isn't helpful and doesn't explain to the uninitiated the all important *why* or the pros/cons.
Is your phone time set to automatic and definitely in sync? https://time.is to see
I'd quit the app, set the phone's time manually to be off ten minutes, then put it back to automatic, restart phone, then verify.
Lots of mobile data use back when Niantic pulled that data. If you load up Ingress, it show as white "XM" dots, there'll be a significant amount there.
If you find excessive calcium carbonate and magnesium, you might be able to dilute half/half with tap and RO/distilled.
Yeah the standard is write it full the first usage, then abbreviate subsequent ones.
Huh? Phones connect to towers, they know where they are and how long they are there, that's how Google produces traffic congestion data and similar. That's why highway rest stops have tons of spawns, especially by where the trucks are. It's preexisting data, back from the creation of Ingress. When you access Google maps, you're using the same data, just current instead of an old snapshot.
Or just one general DPSer, don't need effectiveness against them.
Remember there aren't any "bars" in PvP. Hydro Pump gets more DPE.
Is your phone time set to automatic in settings? Is it accurate? https://time.is to see and potentially adjust.
I don't know those people, so how would I know they are safe? If you are in my community, we have over 1,000 people, and they are mostly lovely. They are just like other people. Are your family members safe? Some are, some aren't, but you won't be in a position where you are relying on them for your safety. Nobody will be locking you in a room alone with anyone else. Many of them share the same concern and have no idea if you "are safe". Just like you don't know if someone you pass on a sidewalk is safe, or the nice person who holds a door for you, etc. The cool part of gathering with a group of like minded individuals though, is comradeship, and you are likely to make friends. That presumes you are friendly, courteous, kind, and open to meeting people rather than fearful of friendly folk. ;-) PS: The worst we had was one lady getting drunk and rambling in the Discord most of one day. Oh and a guy in a troubled marriage hitting on others much younger, who happily stopped after a reasonable request to do so. None of those impacted anyone's safety, physical, emotional or mental. Again, that's over 1,000 accounts over a long time now. :-) As eBay has taught us, most strangers are great!
Yes. You typically consent during setup, or app installation.
Can just keep the water half an inch down to prevent jumping out, but I've never had jumpers. Without a cover there will be evaporation, so need to top off with water that isn't remineralized (as water leaves but minerals stay). So depending on your tap, might need distilled or RO water for top offs. Also depending on the humidity and temp in your area day by day.
Check out the video in the sidebar for great info, it's pretty short, she's concise but uses more product than needed. In your case, I'd dose pure ammonia with Prime (an ammonia/nitrite detoxifier). Or buy ammonium chloride directly and dose that. That feeds beneficial bacteria and lets you test. You want about 4 ppm ammonia to show up on a test. If you have the first type of bacteria, that will convert to nitrites. If you have the second type of bacteria, those nitrites will convert to nitrates (all in 24 hours). It's highly doubtful plants are uptaking all nitrates, as algae takes more ammonia, you need plants that are fast growing and/or with access to atmosphere (floaters or Pothos with roots in the tank) to have appreciable nitrate uptake. If you have 4 ppm ammonia get converted to show up as nitrates in 24 hours you are cycling. Dose Prime daily to keep it nontoxic if you still have ammonia or nitrites showing. Once ammonia and nitrites are 0, water change to get nitrates down to safe levels and good for shrimp! :-)
I'm sorry, looks like it, I'd remove/euthanize right away.
Poll is great, and also changes the perspective of control, which solves lotsa' issues, nice! But again, I agree with others, avoid preemptive banning and banning in general if possible. Reducing options/control is never fun, as the psychological studies of fun, called "Flow" have found.
In addition to Red401's excellent response, see the excellent https://pokemongo.gamepress.gg/welcome-back-guide-returning-players
Huh? It needs only 45 energy to charge, which comes really quickly. Note charged moves don't charge fast/slow, the quick move's EPT (energy per turn) is what dictates how much energy you gain each turn. Crunch is an awesome move for shield breaking and damaging stuff vulnerable to dark.
Maguss and other competitive location titles have this feature, I'm sure they're going to implement such after they see that their initial design functions adequately.
The appraisal tells, top result with all three stats being top. Can also find exact values at any range via apps like: r/GoIV (Android, fast, free) CalcyIV (Android, pay/nag screens/ads, more cumbersome) PokeGenie (iOS or Android via screenshot)
The only real option is to separate them, fish eat shrimplets. That said, shrimplets feed on biofilm, so more mature tanks are beneficial. Note neocaridina don't need heaters at all, in fact too warm may prevent breeding folks here have found over the years. All my tanks have been room temperature. Too hot tends to be more of a worry than too cool.
It's not the oldest, it's the one with most pictures and picture votes together in Ingress. So one with two pics will become the gym over a 'Stop with just one picture. Conversely, a 'Stop with a picture with 3+ votes will become a gym over one with two pics or less with no votes.
Interesting, electrics aren't uncommon here, given their limited vulnerabilities, effectiveness and speed.
Have you updated to the x.3 version released yesterday that is purported to synchronize timing?
It's not actually 9-9, that was believed at first as sunset was around 7:00, but it kept being found earlier and earlier, turns out it's two hours after it becomes "night" in game.
True, previously the game was weighted with more random than user control, psychologically speaking that reduces "fun". PvP has brought more fun due to lower rng, although the effort/reward balance is off.
Personally I would (along with Prime of course to make the ammonia nontoxic). I prefer having a robust bacteria colony to start, so it can accommodate any trouble thrown at it. ;-)
See the spreadsheet here for any Pokemon to calculate stats: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheSilphArena/comments/a71mgb/i_made_a_spreadsheed_for_calculating_real_stats/
r/GoIV which is free and open source, faster, less cumbersome, and no ads/nag screens. Although admittedly not updated the quickest all the time now that it's solid.
Note elimination sucks as most folks don't get to play much, just finalists. Round-robin takes hours upon hours. Swiss is used for card tournaments, chess, badminton and something called Pokemon, as it allows for more play, provides a leaderboard ranking, and doesn't take forever, it's crossing the best parts of elimination with the best of round robin.
Ah, it's not fully implemented yet but your first paragraph was what they'd initially described. Per your second paragraph, if someone quits prematurely, they deny themselves chance to win/gain points, games to play, opportunity to win entire tourny, and give a point to their unplayed opponent. If seeding is used in future tournaments, their initial placement is impacted too.
We might have an early morn before work raid. Sometimes lunch. Always one or Two after work. Multiple on weekends. Over 1,000 accounts in Discord. Had eight folks in an ad hoc tourny last night pulled together in a few hours. Couple others clamoring to join after start. One of whom previously claimed PvP was of no interest to her. But trying it she found it fun. Some only do a few for rewards. Fewer than half a dozen will PvP anyone at anytime for fun/challenge. It helps we have a dedicated pvp Discord channel with opt in notification groups for each league so everyone can see the fun but isn't bothered by it. Someone tends to get lunch hour action going. Evening happens on its own. Rarely do folks pvp face to face. I've only done that twice yet have a silver medal.
0 Croagunk 0 Skorupi The poisons were out/boosted by overcast weather though. 1 Bronzor caught, 1 seen not gone for before we knew 0 Finneon (only one report even in a group with ~1,100 accounts)
Note shrimp don't eat calcium/the cuttlebone, they need calcium carbonate and magnesium in the water column. You don't list KH and GH. Is the mineral content in the healthy range for your shrimp? That'd be my first question. Second question, I've had shrimp die with nitrates in the teens, nevermind over 20! Remember nitrates are toxic, just not as toxic as ammonia/nitrites. But high concentrations are creeping back to as toxic. Finally you have some things that stress 'em, fish eat them and are predators, so there's a big stress. The temperature is at the high end of their healthy range, another stress. If the mineral content is too low/high, shouldn't be an active stress, but will impact their health. If the TDS (total dissolved solids) is high too their tissue osmosis would be affected. Multiple stresses can have an impact such that a little thing that healthy shrimp would survive takes them out instead I'm afraid.
Apparently it's been done, but scallops on the tires rather than wheels. https://www.eng-tips.com/viewthread.cfm?qid=293321 I imagine weight's a bigger factor, and certainly for motors to spin them up the cost/weight/maintenance would outweigh (pun) the benefit.
I think they mean they only resist ghost and nothing else. You're right technically, but without the resistances other types have, they are weak to too much.
The one I've seen I've had no problems taking out with anything. Since it only resists ghost moves, it doesn't last long enough to really hurt anything. Makes for easy wins against it.
They need the right minerals in the water column (which also impacts tissue osmosis). Imagine if the water you drank didn't have fluoride, your teeth would get cavities and you'd have issues (akin to folks who have wells without fluoride treatment or drink too much bottled water without fluoride). Similarly their water needs calcium carbonate (note, NOT calcium, but calcium carbonate) and magnesium. If there's algae in the tank, they'll graze on that and biofilm, if you really want to supplement food, blanched spinach provides iodine which is purported to be beneficial to molting. But definitely get proper minerals in the water so they don't die and can molt! PS: If it helps think of it like saltwater fish, you can't keep them in freshwater just by feeding them salty food. Same deal, shrimp need the right salts in the water, keeping them in freshwater isn't healthy. That's what the "Salty Shrimp" and similar products are for.
Wasn't that fixed in the x.3 version?
Wasn't that fixed in the x.3 version?
Aw, sorry it's frustrating, sounds like you didn't get a care sheet or care info with your shrimp when you got them, which is unfortunate. Typically they are provided with a range of pH, temp, GH and KH. I like to also know what amount they were raised in, and tend to get from those with parameters similar to mine. One of the reasons I don't suggest crushed coral is it's hard to determine how much KH it'll provide over what time, and it is impacted by pH obviously. I've had seashells in my tanks, and the effect was nominal. Obviously it also depends on the size of the tank too, and how frequent water changes are, and etc. *sigh Since products that provide *both* calcium carbonate and magnesium might give you too much of one and not enough of the other, it might be easier to just dose one. This is a judgement call/procedural call on your part knowing your tank. I tend to be a fan of K.I.S.S., as the simpler it is, the easier doing water changes is. PS: I'm sorry you were misled that neocaridina are bomb proof. As you can see by all the folks who have issues with survival in our subreddit, that's just not the case--what they are is more accepting of wider range of parameters than other inverts. That's a double-edged sword, sure they can survive more conditions, but it also means folks expect them to thrive in anything. Sure they are hardier than other inverts, but comparing them to really delicate species doesn't give the hint that they have their own needs, just like any critter.
You don't specify how large a water change. Essentially you need to change as much as you can. If you did half, and half again, and half again, each time your changing the dilution, not completely removing it as you are also removing water you added previously. If you graph it, it's a curve, you reduce most on the first change, but each subsequent one only helps a little bit. So if you haven't done a massive water change (matching parameters as close as possible, perhaps acclimating livestock back in if necessary), I'd do that first, and add carbon.
They tend to help plants by clearing off algae, bacteria and melting/rotting plant matter. They tend not to consume plants themselves. What fertilizers do you dose? My guess is the plants have used up nutrition in the water column and are suffering from a lack.
From map, lower right corner tap nearby, switch to battle tab.
Here's a rather comprehensive returning guide, just lacks PvP as too new: https://pokemongo.gamepress.gg/welcome-back-guide-returning-players
Thank you for saving my Stardust. :-)
It's outclassed by Metagross for PvP, with stronger move and no double weakness.
Whereas in this situation I moved to the side and stood at a 90° to the occupants, prepared for whichever side the door opened on for my floor.
Whoa, dude, kudos but yeesh, it's the holidays! And until... &gt; Pairing Algorithm: Improved pairing algorithm to avoid re-matches and more accurately follow Swiss pairings in atypical scenarios ...is resolved, it's too exploitable to be used for tournaments I'm afraid. Sure this is all exciting, but take the pressure off, ease up, have a happy New Year please! ;-) That said, the hard work is appreciated!
A team is just a tool, it's the foundation/starting point. If you have a weak team with lots of vulnerabilities (like a horrible chess opening), it will require perfect play choices to attempt to overcome that and lucky mistakes on the part of the opponent. If you have a great team, and play poorly, you can undermine yourself. (Just like the loser in a chess game is the one who makes more mistakes, despite both starting with balanced teams.) The key is you can have an average team, and outplay an opponent to win. But you can also have an average team and be outplayed. There's also the random factor, if you start with something they have a hard counter to, it's VERY hard to come back from that. You switch, they switch to a counter, you're done. The only time I've come back has been when they don't have a counter to switch to, or make a mistake. (In chess, essentially giving up your queen.) Here, we play multiple times daily with a variety of players. Many of us use similar Pokemon at this point. The better players consistently win. The weaker players consistently lose. This shows that player skill/wisdom/technique matters most. We also tend to do best two out of three to minimize random.
&gt; it's really scary how little privacy we have Wait a minute, choosing to send it to a company who outright says they'll provide to law enforcement isn't a surprise. The surprise is someone sending it at all! Private people don't do such. :-) Similarly, Facebook outright says they are a marketing firm, they never let one log out, they track people regardless of membership, and want as much information as they can gain to sell to whomever. Folks who want privacy block the service entirely.
What will you use the Pokemon for? Originally we though once there was trading folks would want 100% IVs, so they'd be in demand, but since trading nukes that entirely, there's no reason for 100%ers really anymore. High IVs can do a bit more in PvP Master league. But not enough to overcome good tactical play. But Pokemon that do well in PvP I hang on to, with good TDO. There have been many lists posted here. Pokemon useful for completing raids, but having played a while, I have more than enough no matter what type comes up in raids, and there IVs don't matter, just bodies. Unless they change gyms radically nothing really matters there, given motivation and unbalanced nature of attackers.
Yups, easily exploited, in our tourny the winner was the guy who did stuff last each time as he consistently matched the same easier opponent. Their last patch notes said better matching was forthcoming, but sadly other apps should be used that actually do Swiss drafts in the meantime, avoiding repeats and properly matching by points earned.
Gravel, soil or sand? Sand you don't want too thick to avoid anaerobic bacteria creating toxic sulfur dioxide. If that gets disturbed, the gas kills. If sand is too deep, it needs to be circulated (burrowing snails are good for that if you don't mind being overrun with snails). Since you mention plants, I imagine you want waste in there for plants to feed on. I also imagine you don't want to disturb so much to uproot plants. I prefer gravel so there's circulation and surface area for bacteria/biofilm for shrimp to graze.
To reiterate, water change, water change and more water change (of matching parameters of course). If the substrate was dense enough to not have flow, perhaps anaerobic bacteria produced toxic sulfur dioxide like can happen in deeper sand?
Mine had plenty of food from algae/biofilm alone.
I used one to great effect in a Great league tournament, it's no longer a surprise now that most have them though.
Have to be friends for remote PvP, don't need to be friends for face-to-face battling.
FYI, you can use Kosher salt instead of going out for aquarium salt. :-) Before your last line when you said everything was new, I was going to say beneficial bacteria produced it from the nitrogen cycle. Was the jar new too? Oh wait, the soil could have fertilizers/nutrients in it of course, could soak a bit in water and test it for nitrates. (I once tested water from an old reservoir, was fine one week, high in nitrates a few weeks later.)
For future reference there are apps (and websites) that do Swiss pairings properly and allow dropping people and won't match same people together repeatedly, also score points allowing for draws and the like too. There's an MTG Draft Calculator for Android as well as other options.
Great news, that feature was added in 2018! :-) (It's been undergoing testing in a couple countries with fewer resources, and has already been expanded to more.)
I doubt that'll ever be possible given how easy to fake, but their last patch notes said that developing improved matching was in the works.
I mostly see Togekiss and Granbull.
Starting with it, if you faced a dragon, did you stay with it or switch?
Whoa, what a bunch of corporate-speak. Pillars? Reviews of what? Goals? Templates? But no apparent substance. There's mention of Silph Road, Discord, and "community leaders". A taste of what's to come mentions an app store? So far I have no idea what any of this is about other than a waste of reading time I'm afraid... But if that's a pitch, it's missing the mark it seems.
Weavile, Togekiss, Lucario, Electivire, and I've seen Dusknoir more than one. What/which you want depends what folks you play against use obviously. :-)
Grammar issue/word missing at the end of the "aggressive switching" final paragraph... &gt; aggressive switching can a necessary tactic to win games. Likely should be... &gt; aggressive switching can **be** a necessary tactic to win games. Edit: another... &gt; Not much really bodied Sableye guessing was supposed to be... &gt; Not much really **defeated** (or killed, or beat, or etc.) PS: Final thoughts, great article, covering the more advanced strategies nicely. Since I keep pointing folks who want to learn to Gamepress, I'll expect our opponents to have stepped it up in the next one! :-)
Insurance inspector told me they need to drain/empty kiddy pools daily. u/Dec8rSk8r A neighboring kid stumbling in and drowning would suck.
More importantly move the overlapping elements away from each other to avoid switching when going for charged moves and the like. Have switchable teammates always displayed on the side, ghosted/darkened if switch on cooldown so you can always see what you have, switch with just a tap or double, eliminate the switch screen blocking bug, leaving moves always clear to function.
Well if you have fire, electric, bug and Mantine coverage, and Mantine provides fire, bug and grass coverage, all you're lacking is water coverage. So one of the grass types. PS: Forretress would be a bit redundant as it doesn't resist the Mantine counter attacks, and its use is against grass, already covered by Mantine.
I'm confused why there's confusion? Set an alarm for 8:50 Mon. morn, put on a Starpiece, receive your bonus Adventure Sync rewards. They won't be given before the event, only during the event. You get your Adventure Sync rewards upon logging in after 9:00 Mon. If you wait until after the event has ended Tues., no bonus reward for you then.
First, call an agent, not an insurance co. Second, call the agents that offer the less expensive tiers of insurance underwriters rather than the expensive premium ones if you want to save money. Third, yes, here complete companies stopped writing policies for cities/towns on the shoreline entirely. But who cares? Other companies do. Your agent will likely give you the cheapest option, pay for the year, done.
Ah, so Adventure sync runs 9:00 am local time Mondays to 9:00 am next Monday (during the event). (Distance this weekend credits tomorrow.) So in your case, after you receive your normal rewards tomorrow is the start of gaining distance via Adventure Sync in prep. Keep the game closed, walk/treadmill, after ten or fifteen mins. confirm you're getting distance. Next Mon. the 10th, at 8:50 am or so, activate a Starpiece. Then check the game shortly after 9:00 for rewards. I'd hedge the bet by going a bit over distance beforehand.
Companies don't disclose internal working for many reasons, primarily it's their business product which has value, lessened if shared. Cost. Researching what the info is takes staff time, confirming the accuracy and application, then producing communication involves multiple departments and labor. Even for companies that produce patch notes it can go wrong--then wrong info is problematic to correct. Epic Games is unusual in publishing actual drop rates. The problem with that is then gameplay quality is limited as you have committed to not changing things on the fly. Niantic can fix/tweak as needed, or do an event, or whatever they want. Epic has to publish hotfixes. Chain of command, ok you say the dev who already knows the info reads these forums and could... Well we already know the read, it has been stated and they incorporate good ideas posted here, but not at whim. If they see an idea, they likely have to present it at a dev meeting, obtain approval, work it up with others to not impact other features, go through QA, have management sign off, etc. An individual dev might be like, "oh, that is *this*" only for Adventure Week to change it. Then it not get returned to the original value. They didn't know changes were coming. Now their and the companies credibility is compromised. Companies typically have non-disclosure contracts prohibiting sharing this type of info. Leaks/job security/lawsuits. If your the dev known for sharing info, who are they going to scrutinize/point fingers at when leaks happen? If it's something that competitors jump on, can lead to large lawsuits, not a risk worth taking. Essentially what this conjecture of mine boils down to is there's little ROI, "return on investment" in spending the money for tying their hands. Not sharing the info costs less and allows more flexibility.
You'd have to test if your devices step counter is triggered by biking. Better might be treadmill in a gym's air conditioning.
I do deposits for holding, nonrefundable, provide receipt with terms written on it and say it again so folks are clear. Once had someone back out and try to request full deposit back when finding a different place so am extra cautious there's no confusion and paper trail.
First, let's separate the current drama from circumstances. As my father told me (he also happened to be a professor who taught child psych), parents' responsibility is to raise a kid so they can take care of themselves and be productive members of society, so they can go off and have their own families/lives. Your parents are currently viewing you as part of the old family unit, rather than your own. You'll need to go through a painful part to help restructure your various roles to you as an adult and them as peers. This likely will cause issues. On the flip side, sure, you want to help your parents--but not for every trivial thing, boundaries are important, and their not respecting your time is telling. It seems this is a circumstance where you need to demand respect. Your father made a commitment to your mother back when they got married. You are his daughter, whom he raises to release into the world. If you call trying to justify your choices, he's not going to choose you over his life partner I'm afraid. The final question is *why* your parents coddle your brother so much, might there be an actual developmental issue you are unaware of? You might be judging too harshly when you are upset. That said, it does appear they are crying wolf, and need to read Æsop's Fables.
Library community room? (Adequate reception?) Game/comic shop? (Cost?) Restaurant/pub/tavern? (Downside, noisy, not family/kid friendly.) Rest stop/highway service area? (Hard for non-drivers to get to.)
Is it typical that you readily have multiple applicants such that filling again in a year isn't a month lost? Then little liability on one. If time/cost are more of an issue, than two. Either may not pay promptly, that's a personality thing more than a financials thing. My most financially in good shape tenant has become late fee paying and is in the best financial shape of years ironically.
Children in a bad relationship cause more stress/problems. Instead find a rewarding relationship. Kids aren't pets you have for others sakes, they are their own entities that need good role models to be nurtured. There is never "too late", there's only regret for making choices for bad reasons. PS: Our brains aren't even fully developed in our twenties, I wouldn't settle down with a permanent partner until 30s. Also having kids older is less stressful in many ways.
Yes and no, it already exists essentially and isn't as helpful as you might think perhaps? Remember that what we call "biome" is an attribute of a spawn point, not an area/region like maps tend to show. Each individual spawn point has its associated spawn table. That said, you can look at tags on OpenStreetMap for hints and likely spawn attributes. It would be redundant recreating that since you'd just be reporducing OSM. Parking lots and commercial areas have their spawns. Water spawns are some of the most obvious. Go to a beach as marked on OSM for Sandy Burmy chances. The only way to really tell is track what spawns at a specific point long enough to correlate those Pokemon with similar (not getting thrown off by nest/event spawns).
I battle Candela with a Swampert with two moves, as one charged move on the first, then Earthquake one shots the second, and two Surfs take the final. Quickest way to get Stardust for me. Don't care about team colors, irrelevant to me.
Not forgotten, mapped differently, Berlin's a meganest due to the entire thing being mapped as a plateau. Some have residential mapping, commercial, while others haven't been mapped in that detail yet. Adding parking lots here changed spawns at them when the spawn update happened.
Adventure Sync works on treadmill, but not with game up, app has to be closed. If app up, then won't be getting full step distance, just drift from game instead (much less).
Ah, so yeah, energy management is the name of the game and not only is the answer to your last question, but also the answer to your first question. Your first was how can a feinted "rock" team prevail over a team of unchecked counters. The answer is to throw out being hung up on the RPS notion. Forget about rock/paper/scissors and stop using that as the analogy for this game, as it isn't, it's just superficially appears that way. There's a literal rock feinted at the end of all this to demonstrate how remainder win. Think of it this way. You have an amount of health spread over three Pokemon. You have a limited resource, energy. Each Pokemon spends an amount of energy to reduce the opponents health some amount. That amount is variable based on power and speed of moves. That amount is also variable based upon how close the Pokemon is to being feinted. That amount is also variable based on resistances/weaknesses (typing). There are two shield uses, their value is variable based upon what move they are used against. If you use them successfully against high energy cost moves, you gain; if you use them against low energy cost moves, your opponent gains. The goal is to eliminate the total amount of health your opponents three have. To do that, you need to conserve your health, and gain enough energy to use your charged moves successfully. This is why the moves on Pokemon are so important. You want moves that provide energy quickly. You want charged moves that don't cost a lot of energy for their power. The game is about when you spend your energy to maximize its effect--it's NOT rock/paper/scissors. Your second question will give examples of this, two games, both opened with "lead advantage" for the person who lost both of them, who is a strong "Challenger" ranked player in his own right who at this point had not been defeated in this tournament so far. All three of the aforementioned techniques are used to undo type "advantage". https://youtu.be/jc13ejlW4iU?t=15m20s (starting at 15m 20s) He opens with grass vs. opponent's water. Note the opponent charges up before switching, important! The opponent has lost about a quarter of his health but was using one of the fastest charging quick moves. While on this side, Confusion does more damage but produces less energy and is slower--no charge move is ready to go while opponent has Stone Edge ready for later. Then the opponent switches to a fire/flying type, so also switch with type advantage, water/ground. The key here is some shields were burned, but the opponent didn't hang on to his--letting it go. So we've seen two of the "disadvantage" strategies being used already, charging up and switching, then here, letting a 'Mon get defeated for a higher purpose. Part of the purpose here is he can now charge up the next Pokemon as he finishes the current one. Now again, have type advantage, so feeling pretty good, right? Boom! The switch timer is up, remember that charged Stone Edge from the "bad" lead? Here it is! Suddenly a game where there was type advantage throughout becomes a loss, and the opponent still has a third health remaining on his final Pokemon. Next game opens with psychic against poison, again clear "lead advantage". Hehe... In this case, the opponent brings out something more neutral, with a counter move. He still loses the Pokemon but burns a shield, so ends up two shields to one. (As an aside, the opponent takes his sweet time selecting his next Pokemon, if you don't know about waiting out the switch clock, that's what he's doing, letting the clock run as long as possible while the game is otherwise "paused" before selecting. This way he'll be able to switch again sooner.) So now the charged energy built up is being expended on a resistant Pokemon, great for the opponent. It quickly ends with the opponent only having lost that one sacrificed Pokemon.
fait accompli at that point, they shoulda' been freaking out over what led to the notice, not after the fact! The thing to realize about stuff like that is they are essentially venting, a notice to quit is a serious reality check, as well as an ego blow. What they were hoping wouldn't come has. So to release those emotions, they might lash out, which isn't about you, it's about the circumstance. That said, I've known people to get out of the biz if their empathy is too great such that it costs them financially or stress/health-wise.
&gt; GPS No, vice-versa, Adventure Sync uses the device's step counter, NOT distance. That is why it works on treadmills when you aren't going anywhere. When you load PoGo, it polls Google's servers for your Fit data, if you have permissible activity recorded during the times you weren't running PoGo, that distance is added. So Fit needs the data which it stores on Google servers, and subsequently PoGo accesses that data. This is why until the data was synced from your watch, no results. Once your watch sent the data in, then there was info for PoGo to see, prior to that, nothing existed. If I really want Fit to not miss an activity (mowing the lawn), I tap the "+" button and select "Track Activity" and "Walk". At the end I then (confusingly) hit the + again and pause and stop the activity. After that gets sent to Google's servers, then PoGo can read it.
One technique of pasteurizing eggs is to lightly microwave just the yolks via focussed beams. The egg whites aren't typically unsafe. Bacteria more commonly comes from dirty shells. Salmonella apparently is more of an issue in facilities that mix lots of eggs in prep that remain at room temp for extended times, perfect breeding ground/conditions.
Back when customer support reps were active here they said devs read the Silph subreddit and here (and you'll notice some search terms/changes were implemented after getting suggested on Silph). Like any company nowadays, they probably use software that aggregates Twitter/Reddit/social media feedback with their own in game feedback as well as metrics of engagement. Remember Hanke outright said they saw only 10% user involvement in the old gym system, which is what prompted them to revamp gyms in to the new simple, boring variety.
NTA Sounds like some assumptions were made, and conclusions were jumped to. That's just basic miscommunication regardless of gender/stereotypes/etc. The question going forward is, can you forgive? Hurtful things were said. Unjust things. Ya'll just need to have another meal, allow a chance to reconcile, communication tends to clear the air and help heal hurts. This is just one of those little things in life that makes relationships stronger afterward, and you happen to be on the receiving end of venting--which wasn't truly about you, but about society, life, and myriad experiences that stereotypically don't have the open-mindedness you were intending. My condolences that was the initial reaction. I hope an apology is forthcoming. Please consider continuing to be not only open-minded but also understanding and not let one miscommunication spoil your vision, and their ability to honor you. Also... *hugs
Weeks before (moot point now) practice with as many different folks as possible. Ya' want to see as many styles and 'mon and techniques as possible. That said. You are obviously overthinking it, just as you say you do tons of research. Smart, but it's not as complex as you're imagining. However... Arrive early, less stress. Bring drink/caffeine/water, NOT alcohol. A separate phone/tablet/laptop to handle the Silph website is a luxury over using one phone for both that and pogo. Make sure your registered team is correct tonight, don't change it. Remember to bring your notes. When the organizer gives the check-in code, check in. When they click "go", the site shows your opponent and their team. Find that person (organizer might help if they aren't seeking their own), greet them, shake hands, wish them luck. Look at their team. Any obvious weaknesses you can exploit that aren't baiting traps? Okay. Otherwise it's often safer to play what you practiced rather than try winging a new strat under stress. So go with what you know. Flip a coin for charge move priority if you or they care. Show qr code, scan, then the *last* person to hit "use this team" gets priority. If rematch, it switches so first person to use team gets priority. Rules are loser gets priority. (But many don't care.) If something goes wrong, immediately let your opponent know and interrupt things so you can replay it with same team/openers. Play other than that can be different so bait shields differently/use moves differently. Generally nothing goes wrong, but it can happen, we're all adults having fun, no biggy. Ties get replayed. Your second match will be closer than first as Swiss brings similar abilities together. SO says, "bring a battery pack". "Um, speak up if issues, immediately." "Expect people to be pretty intense about it." "It's unlikely you'll win all of them." Me again, have fun!!! :-) Tournaments are a blast!
It depends when you open the app after 9:00 am Monday, but it would behoove you to set an alarm to activate a Starpiece at 8:50.
Interesting that 100% of their submissions are accepted elsewhere, and nearly all are rejected locally. Their experience, such that they recommend we have the other faction member submit, speaks otherwise to your claims I'm afraid. If they had consistent results from one area to another, the photo/title/description claim might hold water. But since they've never had a rejection out of town, that doesn't seem plausible.
I don't have much more info I'm afraid, I don't do drama/Ingress. The accepted submissions were at a university, in an otherwise portal dense small city, just nothing on campus previously, he got half a dozen new ones there last I heard. So no, not random far flung submissions in low density areas. What tools would be needed beyond talking to each other, isn't the game about coordinating with teammates? An example with PoGo, which doesn't even have in-game chat, if a new resource pops up, folks tell each other when they see each other, text, dm, post, etc. I'm surprised at the shock, when there have been complaint posts of such faction bias in the past here in PoGo-land.
Out of three sponsored today: 1. one gave sponsored 1,000 for sending 3 gifts 2. one had an Adventure Week task 3. wasn't checked by anyone
Grieve. That means expressing all the stages of grief, denial, anger, loneliness, etc. Cry, shout, call supportive friends, eat well and enable good sleep, exercise for those feel good hormones. Avoid alcohol which just extends the duration. Heal before trying to get involved with another. Grieving takes practice, and most of us aren't taught how to do it.
Yeah, the app I used before Silph was operational did different points for 2-0 vs. 2-1, I imagine Silph kept it easy initially to get up to speed faster and ease user adoption, but it would be nice for more granularity come Season 2.
I learned they do back when I was a high school kid, I knew someone involved in a scandal. The tv reporters interviewed the first kids who talked to them, completely uninvolved. The tv and newspaper stories only had the correct "who", gist of the "what", correct "where", everything else was fabricated. But, they had sources, just ignorant sources. This was before the internet, views mattered then too.
Note, do the Master level battles for largest 'dust rewards.
Take your own date stamped pics before moving in. If anything wrong, send to management for correction/compensation/documentation.
Percussion, not because of it's nature, but because of how it's "played"/used. There are two activation mechanisms that both need to be depressed to "fire" a nail, the trigger is pulled but at the same time a spring-loaded tip trigger must also be depressed, nobody uses a nail gun by holding it down (to activate the tip safety) then pulling the trigger, they hold the trigger, and strike where they want the nail with the entire gun. See in the vid how he kinda' punches with the gun to get a nail, without changing his grip? So every strike, another nail, another sound, ergo percussion.
Yes, need filtration, or it would be like you living in a toilet, too much ammonia and they die. That said, there are different styles of filtration. Sponge filters tend to be the least costly to run. Sump filters tend to be quieter. I ran a sponge filter with a powerhead style pump instead of air pump, which was quieter, and only ran bubbles during the day for gas exchange (need to break the surface tension of the water to allow gas exchange). Some hang on the back filters are quieter too.
Simple answer? The one with highest hp. Complex answer? The one with highest hp/defense and attack that remains under 1500 cp at a certain level. Why hp? Win mirror matches that come down to quick moves. I've had this happen although it's very rare. Why defense? Even more rarely, in case your being hit by an attacker with a breakpoint of their IVs, so that one does less damage. Why attack? Breakpoint, again insanely rare and only against a particular pokemon with specific defense iv. Generally speaking, all combined stats will be within a few points of each other. Defense and attack used in the damage formula get rounded. HP is the only one that doesn't. Many "tools" use stat product to compare, I don't. Often the highest stat product isn't the maximum defensively and doesn't offer more damage. It might have a few less hp and lose the mirror or not let you get too one more killing move. But that said, IVs in pvp limited leagues are mostly irrelevant due to the cp formula keeping stats similar and the damage formula rounding, so don't go crazy.
But Frenzy Plant's legacy, ~~they lack legacy moves.~~ EDIT: see below
Mobile formatting is identical to desktop formatting, just need two spaces after the end of a line for a newline FYI. :-)
My question is more do you need three grass killers and two bug counters? Charizard/Mantine/Scizor seem redundant, opening up space for more water. ;-)
Seaside Park or equivalent areas near any water with water spawns. Rainy weather doesn't hurt either for the boost.
The Play store doesn't let you install apps that don't work on your device (or haven't been tested to work, or are deprecated).
I'd just be repeating myself, my answer was Kingdra is already a part of things (so moot point if a rise or not, as you already have to cope with it), and for part two, no changes since there's already stuff in your lineup that handles it, as listed previously. In summary, the meta is defined by other things, one thing of specific use doesn't change things overall. Condolences if that doesn't explain enough.
YTA because your agenda, being selfish and inconsiderate is not a higher priority than her self worth. She chooses to interact with people in a certain fashion, she expressed that choice to you, you demeaned and undermined her ability to interact on her terms. Your values and her values are radically different, were I her, I'd accept your apology, not accept your flowers, pay for my half of the meal and use that talk opportunity to express how I don't see future potential in a relationship with you based on how you value me and honor my desires.
Yes please, want to watch brackets unfold, not just final results!
Dopamine. Yes, the happy hormone that increase when you feel happy. Yay, dopamine! Wait, if I'm down, inhaling this toxic stuff makes me feel better temporarily? Yay! Too much will harm/kill me? But not now? I'm also less than mid-20s so my brain has developed enough yet to understand future consequences? Who cares, I'm feeling happier, yay dopamine! Except, this time I didn't feel happier. What happens if I smoke another? There it is, happier! (When brain gets overloaded with dopamine, it shuts down receptors.) So now they are smoking more to achieve the same level. More receptors are getting shut down. Now they can't smoke enough to maintain it, not only are they unhappy, their remedy for it is less effective, their brain CRAVES smoking and they can't stop. Try not eating or having sex or drinking water or breathing air for an extended time. Your brain and body don't respond well when you deny it what it needs. It tries to keep in balance, but the system is now SO far out of wack with so many of the dopamine receptors shut down, it's addicted. Want to know the really scary part? Last time I looked into this, I read it takes six years for dopamine receptors to return to regular levels after cessation of smoking. Six years until someone can experience regular levels of happiness again via normal means.
Erm, they actually make legs look shorter as they lengthen the torso. That was a lot of the reason for lower waist shorts and pants, making legs look longer and dividing the torso closer to the golden ratio than middle.
Lack of emotional development. Why do I not feel/experience jealousy? Never was taught the concept. It's not one of the natural emotions. Without introduction to the premise, an ability to understand how others feel, there's little motivation to empathize.
With feedback from others and staples. A blind guy who used to have a YouTube channel stuck with basics, jeans and tops that go regardless of which he pulled out. A fashion forward younger girl with an active YouTube channel asks in the store for detailed descriptions, remembers, coordinates her outfits and does her own makeup, then runs her look by someone she trusts before going out.
A complaint I heard was having spent hundreds of dollars in travel/accomodations to just play three games and be eliminated!? Why was the format changed? Who requested that? I didn't see any community call for that. Vice-versa, players want to play more, compete against other top players while they're there. Another was someone who suggested it shoulda' been hosted in Argentina. Other places have done timely Swiss with lotsa' play and streamed and could follow the bracket. Keeping the goings on secret and excluding community from results was horrible. Attendees were texting friends to try to let folks know who was winning/lost. Really? You developed a whole website with existing bracket capability! Never once did I see a Silph post seeking volunteers, talent, references to event planners with a technical bent in Chicago. Next year? Let people play rather than wasting their time eliminating them--remember the original philosophy of choosing Swiss? There were multiple threads posted asking for bracket links, the main silph.gg page should have had one link to all the standings as they happened. If the format is changed such that existing tools aren't used (foolish, never rework the wheel untested) then another system should have been in place rather than attendees/competitors texting out themselves. All of that should be paid for by sponsors. There is an experienced talent pool out here that seems to have been untapped. I'd love to thank volunteers and all but literally didn't see any results of anything. I thank the competitors who shared info. I thank the Silph team for monthly Cups, those are awesome and a great service provided. A final appreciation for the attendee sharing pics, Dronpes claimed the vibe was excitement, but the word and pics showed frustration that could be felt from afar. So please reconsider many decisions, I hope this feedback is taken in the intended light, rather than just seen as criticism, especially when ya'll are exhausted after trying your best. There are options to alleviate all the pain points though! Also you're in good company, Epic Games first competitive Fortnite events were amateur hour too, but they hit the biggest priorities, albeit in cheesy fashion.
Why make it inconvenient/hard to get the info you want? I fail to see the benefit. I want as frictionless a communication path so I can manage/do my job as possible. I also want redundancies so if one is inaccessible there's another option. Older folk tend to call, younger text, putting bumps in the way causes them to put it off until later/never.
The buying season's just begun hasn't it? I'd give it at least another month, list with agent for August if desired.
On the other hand, there are folks who want (and groups that run) a tournament a week! Now that resource cost is less since initial investments are made, folks here get tired of practicing the same after two weeks, when little to nothing evolves in the meta. But others have work/life obligations. The month seems to be a good balance, longer than that gets complicated dodging other functions that happen regularly monthly and orchestrating with neighboring communities. It also means busy venues would have conflicts as their other regular functions tend to be monthly. It also makes it harder for planning, right now locals know ours tends to be third weekend, neighbors do last weekend. We avoid overlapping as possible which has become easier with the expectations. K.I.S.S. principle, it'd be way more confusing to have to check a website/schedule to figure out when things are if five week rotations, it makes not missing deadlines trickier, it encourages user error, rather than simply matching months. All to solve what problem? The only thing I picked up on is your community wanting sooner. Here they often pick later. Making it five weeks with next cup announced three weeks prior has you in the identical situation. Wouldn't it make more sense to schedule yours midmonth instead?
&gt; I'm not big on therapy And there's a problem. ;-) Without healing, fully emotionally processing the prior transgression, you aren't caring for yourself, and can't care for another adequately yet (as this short fiasco has shown), much less teach a child how to be emotionally healthy! You need to heal. Don't you want to get better, be better? Rather than continue forward without resolving the past, instead, why not take action and prepare for the future? Talk with some therapists, pick one, fix it so stuff like this in the future doesn't get blown up as well. There's no reason not to enlist a pro, there's every reason to.
FYI /u/Spicyalmond16 you don't want baking soda (sodium bicarbonate) you want calcium carbonate. Crushed coral and the like won't provide enough more than likely (cleaned eggshells, seashells, cuttlefish bone, all similar options which leech calcium carbonate if pH is acidic enough). There are products like Salty Shrimp and others which provide calcium carbonate as well as magnesium which would be perfect. Easier/cheaper to have that type of water and add minerals to it than the other way around.
Yeah I usually remember to mention need to old.reddit instead of new.reddit, but so many use old, although more and more new folk use the new and don't have res installed. Correct but sadly new can't just copy/paste from what reddit staff says, but need to manually create anew in widgets. So not as straightforward as I woulda' expected sadly.
Except far more agile/nimble and better able to handle a variety of obstructions.
Fewer than half dozen have been reported in our local Discord, two in a neighboring town, the rest in the more active area. I only have gotten the one I reported (was on nearby in game), too late to two. Oddly two others didn't see it spawn while a later arrival got it. I wouldn't call three areas I'm familiar with any specific biome, and not weather boosted (low cp/IVs). It's a natural to walk for candy so an inordinate amount have it as buddy.
Note I never bother throwing at Lugia when it's high, just leave/reset the encounter to middle. Then set the circle, wait for it to attack, throw just after. If it moves up, reset and reselect a higher ball. Hope this helps!
NTA, but more, if you'd come here asking if physically hitting such a guy, or some other across the line response instead, folks would have been saying, "you could have started coming on to him as if you both were gay as a better solution".
The color tag doesn't change. There can be a useless generic task or great sponsored task regardless.
You likely won't get a significant improvement and still see day to day variation I believe. As someone who geocached with others extensively years ago, every device would be a bit different. Different satellite constellations affect accuracy, and differential gps can only do so much (minimize atmospheric issues).
It doesn't seem to factor opponents ranking, as I defeated someone ranked well above me in regionals (I started in the lower portion of the group so most were above me) overall went 3-3, and ended up with a rank low enough that I would no longer have qualified!
Which makes no mention of others' ranks being a factor.
Interesting, for me freedom doesn't have a symbol, I think of it in comparison to historical areas that offered less freedom and had slavery and the like. Having read a description from a book series "Incarnations of Immortality", which described Death seeing a soul as an ephemeral greyish blob with more opaque parts within depending on its good/evil balance, that would be the imagery I have for that. Time I lack one. Obviously there are symbols used, hourglasses and clocks and wrist watches and pocket watches, but I don't really visualize those as I recognize those are tools to measure the construct rather than the concept itself.
Said it is that way or intended to be such soon^TM? Ah, I was wondering where that info came from, or if was an assumption. Doesn't seem to result that way per the few responses I saw earlier.
Your reddit/google search-fu is impressive, unless you skimmed through his comrent replies, in which case holy-moly, your work is appreciated! They are also in order of least to most declaration of opponent rank being a factor. One also says the 10x weighting is factoring exactly that. Which then begs the question why we aren't seeing that in results?
Few thoughts, those that care will chime in that customization is great, and I customize like crazy. But most don't have the time nor inclination. It's kinda' like the 90-9-1 participation rule, where 1% post, 9% reply, 90% read/lurk. But in environments like Second Life, most folks paid for "skins" rather than going through sliders to make their own. So some stock ones to work off of, and customizations from there, extra points for the standards to set sliders/customization options. Too much choice can overwhelm (in retail, actually decreases sales).
Hormones. Female molted and they're seeking the source like horny teenage boys.
Unlikely as an undeveloped one wouldn't be ready for such adult activities yet. I haven't googled their sex process in a long time, but insemination happens at the side if I recall correctly.
Do-not-disturb mode eliminates Discord/text/etc. messages FYI, I'd not assume everyone's getting those. Guy next to me on Sun. had his mother call, who was a do-not-disturb exception though, heh.
Checks. Easier to have a record of than having to save all the money order receipts. Your bank can help if issues. Six years from now you can verify payments made now. More convenient to just write a check than have to go take time to purchase a money order. The only benefit of a money order is availability to those who lack a checking account.
We vote for when PvP should be, so it's convenient for most (midafternoon on weekends) and we have remote follow up weekdays for those who evenings is better. Many of the tech issues have been fixed/resolved. Last few tournaments have had practically no issues here.
If you still have parents, you're not too old. I'm old enough to no longer have parents, and spent a few hours playing at a tournament Saturday. "Aging is inevitable, maturing is optional!" That said, what does your therapist say? You need healthy coping techniques. If GO is an escape rather than solution for you, that's only temporary. If they say it's good, have them talk to your parents to take that stress off. If you aren't currently getting treatment, why not raise that issue with your parents? Learning how to be healthier is much easier when younger and affordable than in a few years when you're on your own and you have more stresses on your shoulders although less parental stress.
Note, TDS can't be "too low" per se. It's a measure of Total Dissolved Solids, essentially pollutants, you want it to be as low as possible. Think of it like particulates in atmosphere, too many kill elderly and folks with breathing issues. Too low isn't possible really. You DO want proper calcium carbonate and magnesium. The former measured by KH (which measures not just calcium carbonate, but also other carbonates, from German "Karbonate" hardness). The latter measured as GH, "general hardness". So yes, your GH seems to indicate a lack of magnesium. Note however, that you don't want too much either, which can cause molting problems. Back on TDS, it will rise with time as stuff degrades and breaks down in the tank, substrate, anything that wears/dissolves, food, etc. It will also be higher due to increasing your minerals.
Sweet, and yw! Then my approach with the parental units if they continue to pressure you is sit down with them to help them understand that per your therapist and your experience, it's a healthy solution to ease things and facilitate coping. That being done in a calm "we need to talk" sit down setting rather than a reactive manner will lend weight/credence to the concept. It might also be worth finding out *why* they react that way, or if there's a different underlying motivation (other priorities not being taken care of for example, seen as being used as an escape) your parents have, which would be helpful to learn. Ultimately if your parents won't come around, having your therapist talk with them about it might be beneficial. G'luck and I'm glad you are taking care of yourself! :-)
Correct.
I agree it's silly to input CP in a CP limited setting. It holds up entry and is irrelevant except for folks trying to flex via 1500s or 1499s. TMs though, while I agree that it's unenforceable, it is meant to level the playing field. One quick method we used was simply screenshot your items showing TMs and time. It's unlikely you'll receive one during most tournaments (aside from remote/multi-day). Then if anyone questions, can verify.
Since you've had multiple replies kinda' reiterating similar things, I'm going to go more meta. Remember it's not winning fights, but managing energy. Don't use shields to save a Pokemon, use shields to benefit your energy use, and reduce their energy gains/effectiveness. Folks have told you that Raichu can take the first Surf, but here's the thing, Raichu had already done it's job. The Lapras was mostly done. It didn't have a ton of energy built up, and you know they are going to bring something it's ineffective against. Also what else is Raichu good for that he has? Neutral to Forretress. Totally weak to Quag (double resisted). So those are considerations for not investing in it. Then you end up with his Quag and your Venus, but this time he doesn't have energy and you have an extra shield. Now the roles reverse, his Quag goes down and you have spare energy! He brings in Forretress, you switch to Charizard. Game over. Even if you don't shield Forretress's Rock Tomb and lose your Char, the Forretress should be low enough and the Venusaur alive enough to use a Frenzy Plant on the bit of health the Forretress might still have at that point. On the second one, you were also out-shielded. To rectify those both, you want more practice beforehand. You want to learn what you need to shield, and what you don't need to shield. When someone's using a charge move against you, your thought process should be, I can take this, it will be of benefit to be lower health, or, I want the energy I have to use against him currently, or, I want to build up more energy here to use against what is coming in. There's also, "Good job Raichu, you'll be useless against the rest of his team, so I don't want to invest in you, but save shields for more useful parts of my team". So the way to know this is practice every day against multiple opponents with as varied teams as possible. Also give second moves to Pokemon you won't be using, but have seen others use, so you learn the timings/issues those Pokemon have and their abilities.
Note in that vid there was talk that there's a pvpoke channel on GO: Stadium Discord, there is *not* one publicly showing at all, and most channels are locked. So I wouldn't rely on that for feedback/interaction.
Heads up, typo, "info***r***graphic" instead of "infographic" in a couple places.
Oy, nests changed a couple hours ago with event start (Pikachu removed from nest pool temporarily). Adjustment edits above.
This is a one thought at a time person, not three in a row I'm afraid. "Oh, I didn't see that." I'd resend what's not acknowledged one at a time.
&gt; use the word naive instead so I'll be doing that in the future Except naïve has a negative connotation, while ignorant is neutral, I wouldn't step into that can of worms. ;-)
Generally Torterra might be better dropping the poison weakness, but better than that for razor leaf's Victreebell.
My first question is liability (slip/fall/injury). What would you charge to insure my property? In twenty years worth of insurance payments, I've only paid a tenth of replacement cost per property. So it might be cheaper to pay the pros than self insure, especially as you then can't invest that money as profitably. You'd lose out on tax deductibility. My final thought is appreciation. If I set out to do that twenty years ago, I'd only have a twentieth now given the property value almost doubling.
As someone who used and then ran BBSes prior to the ease of AOL, there were idiots beforehand too, the same ratio, just folks limited themselves to those they knew more and accepted their idiocy. Also nostalgia and not remembering the stupid arguments and idiots. It's the same ratio as irl unsurprisingly. It's just most associate with idiots they agree with, or family with similar idiotic ideals. It's not until I present my idiocy to those who disagree that it's judged as such, and we did that as kids on BBSes every day.
Take someone whose style you like with you suit shopping. Then, take said suit to a tailor. They work magic, for not a ton of cash either. (Note, don't get anything trendy, get classic styling.)
It wasn't sweet until genetically modified by nuclear radiation in the '60s apparently, per another's comment above, see the article they linked: https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/eipmkd/the_difference_between_modern_corn_and_corn/fctdwke
So the catch here is ignoring someone is rude, which is okay, but it doesn't provide any signals, it leaves the recipient confused. Better is, "I'm sorry I'm busy." Then ignore a repeat, as then there's communication delivered. Repeats beyond this get staff notification. Starting with confusion then going to "fuck off" would be received by you as rude, no? But note, it's *okay* to be rude. It's a way to draw attention and make a scene. Being impolite is a tool. It's not necessarily the best nor worst approach, but it is likely to get people to not like you--which may be useful or harmful depending.
Go to different functions or join different clubs or meet peers at fitness or classes or other places where toting kids/husbands is not part of the scene. My SO and I connected playing Pokemon Go at a park. (Admittedly couples involved in it too, and some kids, but mostly singles of our age.)
Was your first house the "we have kids" and need extra rooms for them house? I doubt this is their first house, it's their "we put the kids through college" house, then are empty nesters, and here until die or retire elsewhere. It's entirely possible grandkids will play with that playroom.
FYI here that's not legal retaliation, there has to be a government agency involved forcing you to make changes/improvements/bring up to code for it to be retaliation in my state. To make a claim, they have to submit evidence to a rent board that the increase is above fair market value. I've learned to laugh at retaliation worries for myself.
I'm surprised nobody else has mentioned the Gulf War which was televised live. I remember watching missiles going in on TV, anchors wearing flak jackets ducking as bombs exploded nearby. Per Wikipedia, "The war marked the introduction of live news broadcasts from the front lines of the battle, principally by the US network CNN."
Tap the link in the post about it, purchase a pack, note won't be able to play until available.
None of my females have hidden in dark places. They've continued to live and forage just swimming less and walking more. I also made sheltered places against the front glass so I could observe them if they did, but they operated all over like normal.
Not I, was shrimp only (everything I read/saw was crabs disappear and hide).
Googling suggest their eggs stay with molts, so remove/discard molts to prevent spread. I'd salt dip any shrimp moved between tanks to clear them of parasites.
This is very incorrect I'm afraid. Someone else may answer your phone, they can't give private info to another, numbers change, landlines still exist, there is no reputable financial institution that assumes the person answering is whom they wish to speak to. If they do, switch to a better organization.
Actually they break at the weakest points. I hit one once and it was so funny listening to the neighbors believing my car was flying 20´ up in the air! Heh.
I'm not a big man but use a keyboard called MessageEase which uses a 4x3 grid of letters you tap and swipe, much easier to see and not mistype although takes a week or two to get used to, but now much faster than using old school qwerty style.
NTA I'd make "John" his middle name and consider using her maiden name as his surname, but that also ends up causing issues if parents and kids have different last names. Aside from the legal issues folks have mentioned, medical record issues, police issues, school issues, employment issues, as a landlord, I'd also be giving extra scrutiny. Yeah, just renting a place could be a pain. Why make EVERY interaction a pain and every introduction an issue?
Actually, turns out late fees *do* encourage bill payment regardless of eviction I found. When the choice comes down to pay this or that, the late fee gets chosen. This lessens evictions (which are costly) and late payments (which are less costly than evictions, but more than on time).
It depends, if you do water changes based on increased nitrates or regular schedule, little need. If however you have enough plants sucking up the nitrates, then you'd do water changes based on increased TDS instead.
Hi... Do you mind chatting while working or is it distracting? Have drink recommendations for a noob who likes fruity/sour/sweet/whatever types of drinks? Know anyone else here who might like to chat? Part of 'tending is being social, many bartenders are practiced at earning tips, I mean buttering up patrons, I mean being polite... ;-) They want you to feel comfortable and return.
Battery air pump. Lower the water but keep what you take out in a lidded bucket. Keep the tank on a hard *flat* surface, you don't want it to torque at all or it might crack. Be *sure* the four corners are supported. It doesn't need to be level, just even. A foam mat cut to size underneath can help, cut a yoga mat if necessary. Of more importance is matching water quality at both places with similar mineral content, so test the home water's gh/kh beforehand.
*ladies
Why would that be relevant if it had occurred? But that's not what happened if you watch the vid, none of the ladies burst their glass, their breath never came in contact actually since there was always glass separating them. But why would that matter? We all breath each others exhalations regularly.
Through your nose? The usual, you get a breath. Suck air in through your mouth from the blow tube? You take in warm then hot air and your glass would droop instead of inflating.
At some point paying off reduces costs enough to be worth it. Realize a tax deduction of interest is a fraction of that interest. Eliminating such high rates of interest costs in these days of low savings rates can be a solid investment. Where this doesn't apply is if you limit your operating capital too much. So be sure to balance your liquidity. Also are you planning on investing in more? Perhaps maintain the loans to have more down payment available. Liquidity also offers a level of self insurance--it can be applied to anything. My insurance agent doesn't recommend umbrella if you are properly insured--if not, fix that.
No dead yet's good as no immediate ammonia spike, at issue though is toxic water might mean dead to come. Hope that doesn't come to pass and things clear up nicely for ya'!
"Seller", not breeder? So they are just temporarily housing them until they sell? They can probably get away with it temporarily with customers ending up with the deaths sadly then. I'd be surprised if they were breeding with that low calcium carbonate. So being at the extreme end of the range isn't the healthiest, and is about half the desired value. Not only does a lack of calcium carbonate in the water impact their ability to create proper shells, it may affect their tissue osmosis for when they molt.
"Heya', so obviously at that point the late fee would apply, so we'll need x total then. Also don't be surprised at receiving eviction paperwork, the process needs to be started in case, but can be dropped upon payment. Of bigger concern is a week later next month's rent's due..."
No legal contract that you know to be fraud. Utilities never have asked for proof here, but license with change of address sticker covers it. Schools want proof, and letter from me as owner covers that. The only ones who want rent cost are housing assistance or rent assistance--I'd not help her scam others and screw people who need actual help.
Then initiate eviction asap.
That would be Pope Gregory. He decided that instead of the year beginning with the start of Spring, and the final short month being Feb., the year should begin with celebrating the birth of Christ which was guessed to be sometime in Jan. when designing his Gregorian calendar.
I've been playing a game titled Yooka-Laylee and the Impossible something-or-other. It's got cute simple music. I'd only read about the game, seen its title, it's been weeks before it finally dawned on me a day or two ago that if you read it out loud, Yooka-Laylee becomes "ukulele" and the music in the game sounds like one.
What's the name of the premise that those who don't know, are ignorant of that; there's those who realize they lack knowledge but do nothing about it; then those who know they are ignorant but have resources to gain what they lack.
Folks who up/downvote based on disagreeing rather than stimulating conversation. If I reply with disagreement, I'm upvoting--as we're expanding our minds. The stuff I downvote is spam, off topic, rudeness, the things that detract from public discourse but aren't worth reporting/wasting mods time with.
Two walls here, tiny cheap apartment, sorry. Heck, know some that don't even have tubs! Shower stall that only touches two walls...? All these low income.
Don't forget the hallmark of any good relationship, good communication.
Like any animal, faced with threat, run if flee if far enough away, attack if not. Hence the videos you see of rodents attacking cats if surprised/close/cornered and cats running from attacking rodents. Putting space between yourself and danger's usually the safest course of action to survive, unless unable to do so, then fight to the death. Remember also for predators, they function best at hunting, not at being prey. If hunters show up, they don't have hundreds of others in a herd to chance surviving as others might get taken. Also it's not a common occurrence for them to be attacked, so they have a fear response, which takes them out of their comfort zone. Nervous animals act differently, as we know. There was a video shared in a comment on Reddit a few days ago of a hawk going for an eagles eggs when the eagle was on the nest. The hawk probably expected the bird to flee like any previous it had flown at. But the eagle didn't have time, and was sheltering its eggs, so suddenly the hawk flies in, the eagle rears up, flipping the hawk on its back, and kills it. Hop out of a van near a lion mother, likely get eviscerated too. Approach from a distance, they aren't likely going to keep their cubs there in the face of approaching danger, but move away.
Trying to artificially manipulate people for self gratification isn't generally considered good behaviour. Being trained by someone in their techniques to manipulate people, then spending hours in a park trying to manipulate people, isn't socially acceptable. That's the behaviour of pick-up artists.
One of the prettiest things I've ever seen is moonlit snow. The full moon with glistening mounds of snow is just beautiful. Others have mentioned how it deadens sound, so it's very peaceful too. One of the best parts of snow, especially over rain, is it's dry! Instead of getting all wet being out in snowfall, it just blows/dusts off and you are dry. If you have a rear wheel drive car, snow is fun to drive in too, you can steer the rear if it's slippery, which is harder nowadays with how much melting product they put on the roads. But it's safer for front wheel drive cars that are more limited. Sledding is akin to being towed in a tube behind a boat but smoother and propelled by gravity. It's most fun on old style runner sleds if you have a hard/iced track as they can steer a bit. If you have the right conditions for freezing rain, after the clouds clear if the sun comes out and the trees are encased in ice, it's like they are made of crystal and they gleam in the light, pics don't do justice when your whole field of view is glistening and every slight movement makes them sparkle differently. WHOMP! Getting hit by a snowball is usually an impact cushioned by thick jackets and the snowball breaks apart from the hit too, so it doesn't hurt. Quick! Scoop up snow with both hands and rotate one over the other to make a snowball to throw back, dodge the next incoming one! Now here's a controversial one. I like shoveling snow. It's a workout, and it feels so productive to clear off an area. But best of all is shirking other responsibilities, having se...I mean playing games with your SO and enjoying the day.
The important part is to break the water's surface tension for gas exchange, after that it's more for cleanliness (getting waste to mechanical filtration rather than leaving in substrate). As long as there's some spot babies don't get blown around in, strong flow's fine.
I had tons of flow, bred like crazy. However temps were never that high, ranged from low 60°s to mid-70°s in summer. In the past in this sub lowering temps enabled breeding for folks too high. That said, first can you see saddles? If they aren't old enough to have fully formed saddles, it's too early. Then they need another month to molt and release flirting hormones.
And I'm the opposite, couldn't care less about a meaningless verbal apology, only care about restitution/change.
If it requires tools, it's on me, Draino, plungers and hair strainers are on them--snaking I do.
Wonder whose stepsister she is...
How has raising many of our prices/costs and shifting more manufacturing out of our country due to material supply cost increases helped us?
Wow, really refusing to grasp other concepts presented? If I'm in a park, sure, introduce yourself, but if I am not interested and want to return to my book, don't act like a pick up artist and keep harassing me, try to disrespect me via negging, or behave in any of the fashions you've suggested folks are free to behave regardless of social norms. I'm not a wilting flower, I'm much older, have had multiple long term relationships, and wouldn't take such crap, would you if someone approached you that way? &gt; Let me ask you, do you never talk shit with your friends? Do you have or had a significant other? You never talked shit to each other in a funny non-aggressive way? Please be real here and don't come back with that feel good bullshit because it's just false. No. Yes. Sure, we tease each other, but in a positive way, not to knock each other down, why would you want to be mean to someone you supposedly care about? I would not spend time with folks who behave like that. Note, there ARE insecure people who will of course, also people raised in such environments (abused seek abusers sadly), but as already said, those relationships tend to be short lived or trend toward further toxicity. &gt; if they stay within some societal standards EXACTLY my point! Thanks for making it. The term is more typically applied to people who don't. That's the whole point of pick up artists, to use unconventional methods and environments because they feel the customary fail them and/or there's too much competition. &gt; Maybe next you should complain... Erm, let me interrupt you right there if I may? I was responding to... &gt; ELI5: What is wrong with pick up artists? Then I was answering your questions, I have no complaint! ;-) They appeared to be trolling questions, but I like to take stuff at face value and have faith in sincerity instead, as I don't tend to get my panties in a twist over differences in viewpoint or opinion. But now you've moved from trolling to ad hominem attacks and obviously aren't actually interested in a discussion--my condolences. If you ever see me reading a book at a park, if you choose to hit on me, please do so in any of the manners you've suggested so it'll be obvious to me to shut you down promptly and get the hell away from you! LOL
This is a business decision, what's the risk and return on the investment? If you haven't already researched to costs of evicting in your area, that's the first priority. Also how long it takes for the typical process. Then what is your monthly rent. Total up the time times the rent plus the costs. If you have a couple months unpaid you can end up a couple to few thousand in the hole. If 900 helps mitigate that risk, it's cheap insurance. The other way to go is gamble, figuring do it yourself, and if it goes bad, hire in the future. Note that paying in no way guarantees less risk, professionals might care more to fill quickly than find highest qualified candidate. The answer comes down to how likely eviction in your area/demographic is, how costly that process is, how likely you'll find someone compared to others. Then it's a management decision on your part. In my case, I've gotten better at discriminating, but am mad at judging people, yet still do it myself, and continue with a couple decades of experience. But also here eviction is not that costly nor particularly long, and I have low costs otherwise. If you have more on the line, the situation might be different.
The insurance inspector will love hearing another fraudster, substantiates the first as fraud. Shot themselves in the foot I'd imagine. Oh wait.
Ferret's are more fun, less expensive, and the best attributes of dog and kittens.
Ottos are the only fish that won't eat shrimp. Eggs take a bit less than 28 days (a lunar cycle) to hatch.
I'd dose Prime or another ammonia detoxifier daily until cycling is happening.
*blinks If you mean having to work a job and a half (or tons of extra hours), and earning a fraction of folks with salary, having to pay own healthcare and not getting social security or retirement contributions... Then there's also the issue that some profits aren't liquid, so you can't take vacations or buy expensive stuff others do. Compared to my peers, they all earn significantly more, but I feel I have a higher quality of life, that's the trade-off.
That was the only one I'd heard about 'till your mention, never seen a triple personally.
Take the total year of random income, divide by twelve, just like we've always done with freelancing, folks have been freelancing for decades.
Watch the glass window behind the bear. Notice the bear's reflection is visible in it but not any of the actors passing by‽ Also you can see the curb dissolve away when the fade from art bear to real bear occurs while the actor's distracting with giving cash and taking the pic. It's not just two vids or even a foreground, it's composited from multiple elements, each one involving the camera path tracking to correct perspective. This is a capability of compositing software.
That's where ferrets come from.
&gt; And all of these people saying that trans people should divulge so as to keep from being harmed, doesn't it kind of bother you that they have to do something expressly from the fear that we will fucking kill them? Of course, but how do you change all of society rapidly? Especially on a subject that impacts a relatively small minority. The issue here is a matter of expectation. I kiss someone I'm attracted too, and if that is well received, there's arousal based on anticipation. If someone is radically turned off in a surprising fashion, the emotional reaction is negative, potentially extremely so. Heck, genetic women have been assaulted and raped just for "leading them on". Assault and abuse as a whole needs to become less socially acceptable in general. PS: There's also a reverse issue some trans folk have to navigate, which is those who fetishize them. There's porn catering to it (shemales) and partners have discouraged their trans spouses from getting bottom surgery. So it becomes tricky in the dating scene, clarify your nature ahead of time for safety, but don't advertise it from a being used as someone's sexual toy. So a Youtuber I've seen vids of who is a trans female tends to present herself purely as a woman until things are going more "that way". But not so far that it will be too emotionally hurtful when they (frequently) break it off.
*nods, I have heard of Asian women being dismayed by such and specifically leaving guys they've learned are that focused--one had her boyfriend consistently telling her he liked that she was ____-ese/-ian (might've been a TwoXChromosome post). When it seems to be a bigger factor than ones personality or values, yeah...
Erm, you can't legally touch their security in many jurisdictions. So really she was asking you for a personal loan, from your pocket, to pay for who knows what. I'd certainly not be emotionally bothered by refusing to loan a stranger money.
What communication did you provide the tenants? What accommodation while they were stuck? Hot water's a legally required service here and in most places, so they could sue for rent potentially. Insurance might've provided hotel accommodations (although I'd avoid such a claim if possible). Did the plumber suggest freezing the pipe? Often these situations are aided by expectations. "So-and-so, the work was to be done today but the shutoff's bad and we need the hoa, we've already contacted them." "Reached out to them again." "Personally went to office." "Scheduled." The more communication the better so they know you're doing everything possible. After I had a similar (but not as bad) situation, I asked for bills to cover tenant's increased costs (want bills to substantiate tax write-offs).
In my market multifamily (duplex through four family) are often less valued than single family homes which have more competition buying them. So you can get more units for less. Also you then have multiple rents of similar value rather than just one. You also can live in one of the units rather than spending on housing elsewhere--which can also be a marketing boon to tenants (live in landlord can be good--assuming pro behaviour). When starting out, lower costs is better to accommodate what you didn't expect/didn't know about. Also in some markets single family isn't profitable sometimes. Now practical differences... Vacancy in single means you're out all that income plus bearing utility costs. Vacancy in multi is less impactfull as you still have cash flow, the heat's still on in other unit so less frozen pipes concerns, and there's still someone living there keeping an eye. Financing for owner occupied is generally easier/less expensive. That said, multi can run into social issues to manage, which is a skill one may or may not be prepared for. I'm obviously a multi fan, but your market may be different, do your due diligence, but if viable, it's a gentle way to begin and test the waters.
"Due to increased expenses and market value, unfortunately rent needs to be increased to $X per month effective March 1st." That said, expectations help ease the pain, mentioning such beforehand can be of benefit so it's not a surprise.
Relationships *are* but distances are not, it would be painful in a game to have to travel forever arbitrarily. That said, I might read the books purely on their own first, then follow the travels through the game, so your own imagination is evoked rather than the game's. Also Frodo's path through Moria is touched on in the game, but not specifically followed by epic quests, it's there, but up to a reader to pursue it on their own. There's a lot more content that is accentuated by knowing the story and character interactions. Some out of the way (Reforging the Sword questline, and The White Hart).
There are multiple facets at play here. First, you can do what I did when there was an altercation near my personal residence, call the police department, identify yourself, then let them know you've been made aware of an incident at such-and-such a time and just want to know if there's anything you should be informed of or anything that relates to the property. They'll offer the usual disclaimer of being unable to divulge certain info to protect privacy then give you the basic gist typically. Second, many issues might involve police that does not involve the property, your relationship with tenants, etc. That said, knowledge is power. Anything involving police likely is fraught with emotion, stress and perhaps embarrassment for the occupants, while prying might seem like a good way to get info, they'll likely protect themselves as much as possible and then worry about your relationship with them. Third, insurance. You may have a contractual responsibility with your insurance company regarding illegal activities. If you have knowledge of such, that may impact things. So I'd poke the police to learn what you may. Based on that info, I'd decide a course of action. If it's a family civil matter (as it sounds like it is), I'd not poke further.
It's true, it's helpful, it's the right time; but will still be down-voted.
OMG that was so ridiculous, when I heard the premise I immediately tied one of my sneakers the other way, then had a gullible friend months later bring it up suggesting it was so great, to which I pointed at my sneakers, still both tied months later (I never untie, just slip on/off). He's a bit less gullible re: TED at least now.
I only do month to month as folks don't tend to move out winter anyway, but I'd end before or at end of school year (so May/June) so you have time to renovate before next move in during summer when most do.
I understand the inebriated losing inhibitions and acting in socially unacceptable ways, but sober folks who haven't even entered yet met with a considerate response acting that way‽ I'd hate to see that guy after a couple drinks when he's less inhibited!
&gt; future generations LOL, jokes on you, that issue's been solved already.
Sweet!
Yes, it was interesting several elections ago when my SO asked where to get less biased info. We turned to educational sources for kids since they can't vote yet. Both parties here were on the same side of most issues, just varying in degree. Other countries have more conservative or liberal parties that we completely lack. But media wants to discuss which team others are on rather than issues. Us vs. them has become the opiate of our masses.
Fish'll eat shrimplets. I'd just wait and feed less, time will take it's course, meanwhile celebrate your good water quality.
The goal of lotro isn't to be exact, which would make for a horrible, boring *game*, it's to find openings in the lore that allow for fun features. It isn't an academic simulation, it's an entertainment product. Yes, folks say it's a decent representation of the stories and lore because it is, but that doesn't mean there won't have been liberties taken. Compared to other products adaptations, it's impressive how much they adhere to the lore. They even made ~~Smaug's~~ Draigoch's character a complete lying over the top bs artist to not conflict with lore (the claims he makes are just that, claims). As for wyverns vs. dragons, typically that's practical considerations of animating fewer limbs, a pet peeve of mine as well. Same reason many cartoon characters have four fingers instead of five. When a manager or design team makes a call, weight is obviously given to lore adherence, costs, time, practicalities, etc. It's impractical to make a game for entertainment where customers are demanding a mage type class be added and not add such. Similarly players want to fight dragons, even if they bug out and freeze.
For me, it was first seeing someone who didn't care. They were *comfortable*. So why invest energy and thoughts and time into being uncomfortable? Instead just relax and be yourself. Take care of you, let others take care of themselves. The irony is it requires less effort, less thought, less distress, so letting that go was rewarding.
Here's the thing, if you are exposed to a certain disease, you suffer horrible effects, potentially die, and infect others around you. A vaccine prevents the above via inoculation. If someone like your grandfather isn't exposed to said diseases, then why would he get sick from them? Now here's a danger. What if there's someone whose immune system is compromised? Your grandfather has some minor thing that his immune system copes with without apparent symptoms. But he passes that malady to the person whose system is unable to cope. In the old days with less travel it didn't matter as much as we weren't exposed to many other things (instances of natives being wiped out from European explorers carrying diseases notwithstanding). Nowadays though we interact with people from all over the planet and diseases spread across populations in days rather than weeks or months. Also, where did your grandfather grow up? Near a farm? Did he ever have cowpox? If so that was equivalent to a smallpox vaccination. Otherwise he might've just been lucky that he wasn't ever exposed to anybody with a preventable sickness. PS: Did he ever have a tetanus shot? That's a vaccine.
Whoops, meant Draigoch.
First I post a notice on the door regarding inspection, then take pics to establish current conditions. If you are comfortable being there when others are, perhaps do so with the intent of your presence making them uncomfortable to leave if you can safely. I'd call/ask the jail, court, or an attorney about how to serve eviction notice to her and do so covering all bases (her it's "john doe"). Copies on the door or as directed for others can't hurt.
Arm fatigue, not easy to hold yourself on a vertical surface that's bouncing. Probably figured better to be able to choose the fall point and be closer to buddies I'd guess?
You don't in areas with just a use tax instead of a sales tax. If you chose representatives that opted for a sales tax, then even private sales might have tax implications. Obviously if there's less frequent taxation the tax rate has to be higher to balance out the difference and keep our roads plowed, etc.
So if he's a shmoozer, he'll keep shmoozing. If he doesn't have a down payment, you need a significant contract with collateral to even consider it, so if he bails you get his house or the like. He's wanting a one-sided deal, the best deals favor both, or both are slightly dissatisfied with. I'd not trust his intentions based on lack of good faith. I'd put it on the market, when he sees you are serious and he'll miss the opportunity, you'll see if he's real or bs, in which case he can come up with a down payment or someone else pays you fully. To look at it another way, what value is he providing you for your investment in him‽
I'd ask if he sim}ly want copies to be made of your keys upon your return since he has a master key for emergencies.
Block as many accesses as you can, but practically they still get in, I favor trapping asap heavily to kill them all, where there's one there's more and they love warmth, shelter, safety and endless food supplies.
I'd hope he doesn't have identifying features associated with the keys--that might be a question to ask. If I lost a set of property keys, someone would just find a random set with little connection to where they go. (But I also have backups in a separate safe.)
*capillary action (Need enclosure to maintain vacuum/pressure for syphoning, this is all exposed to the same pressure.)
I had a former tenant who had done time, the most respectful person I've ever met, a decade or more later he's putting his son through college and has recently married the gal who I knew him with back then. I hope your situation resolves as well.
So here's the reason to still do small claims, even if they are claiming to be broke... If you have compassion and aren't leaning that way as you don't want to negatively impact them/the kids financially, you don't have to collect if you win. But if you don't get the judgement, then you are closing the door on yourself. If you do win, you can file a wage garnishment against his "six figure income". If they are broke due to their lifestyle choices, then your small cut will come out before they even see it, rather than her having to pull it out of her pocket. Optionally potentially maybe could put a lien on a vehicle so when they are in a better place fiscally they can both repay and pay you what you are owed. Note also, as my nanny SO just pointed out, depending on laws in your state, "theft of service" may be a criminal act the police might've been called for (although they aren't necessarily keen on doing anything with such). The prior texts from the guy suggesting they were going to pay but now aren't would fall in that category as clear evidence. Ultimately the relationship is currently so broken until they make actual amends. Also it might be good for her to realize what this guy is doing to her life and her kids such that her friendship has resulted in a courtroom. When the air is fully cleared, if you desired re-establishing a relationship (a year down the road, or after the potential divorce), that then might be feasible, even if it seems undesirable currently. Finally it would be good for there to be a court record so other people they interact with might be protected from their lies and deceit. My condolences they have put you in this position and treated you this way. I hope you use the resources our society provides for us to undo some of the bad they have inflicted upon you. *virtual stranger hugs
OMG could you imagine the drama? Plus the potential blackmail from others tenants? Once in a lifetime opportunity for what? A fantasy? Simulate it with another lover/partner where there isn't a job loss and lawsuit waiting.
Aw, how cute...someone hasn't seen enough porn yet... ;-) We humans are freakier than what you think about in the shower I'm afraid!
Why wouldn't they want to make the best of their birth brain's characteristics even if their body developed under a hormonal imbalance at a critical moment of development? It's also very stressful and tiring to try to pretend you are something you aren't because of an external physical attribute. So you presumably were fortunate to be born without such a conflict, for those less fortunate, why would you want them to try to be something they aren't, rather than what they were born to be?
Learning, and learning how to learn.
Zenni. Before that I'd use tinted safety glasses from hardware stores as sunglasses, $6 or so and durable. But I got sunglasses, polarized, another pair of driving glasses, and script reading glasses with impact protection to use as safety glasses from Zenni, all three for under $100, might've been 70 or so.
It just means your TV was connected via the coax cable, instead of the RCA cables, it either didn't have RCA inputs or someone felt users would be confused switching to the video input instead of just changing a channel and always keeping the input the same regardless of the quality loss.
First, this would be a top priority situation regardless if you like them or not (as ethics and law requires). As soon as I get word, I start phone calling not just my furnace guy, but all available ones to see who can get on the job asap. Then I personally arrive with space heaters for the tenants. (Not only does this help them with heat, but shows I'm invested in the solution too/care via actions, not just words.) It's also self serving as I can be sure pipes aren't going to freeze and they'll safely use space heaters. In my case, I have vertical multifamilies, so there'll be heat transfer from units below typically. As such, the place remains as livable conditions and the laws requiring functioning heat supply and minimum temperatures is satisfied. It also takes the time pressure off. You can then manage the repair process without "emergency" level funding or time stress.
Not, this is entirely incorrect I'm afraid. Yes safe from shrimp is good, but they are living eggs, they don't rot unless they were already dead. Shrimp momma's obviously can't tumble eggs adhered to them, heh, and their eggs don't rot! :-)
That's like the folks who text, "Hi" or "hi"... They're used to opening the conversation with a greeting or something to verify someone's available to talk then rather than just launching in with whatever request, especially if they want something. In this case, "Good here, 'sup?" If you want to be more polite/formal, "Things are fine, anything going on I should know about?" This also keeps it in the professional realm if for some reason he's got other intent. Remember knowledge is power, it let's us manage, the more you can learn, the better you might manage things.
I was doing volunteer runs to the landfill, cardboard. The paper container and cardboard roll-off containers are next to each other. The paper container has a red sign, "NEWSPRINT ONLY". One of the runs the cardboard container was gone. I asked the guy if I should wait, put it elsewhere, or what? He replied, "Put it in the paper container." Turns out they go to the same place for the same processing, but if they don't have separate containers folks complain, so it's an illusion for taxpayer ease.
My condolences you were led astray it sounds like. We have a great video in the sidebar here (accessible on old.reddit or apps, not on new.reddit) from a gal who does a great overview on getting a tank's filter cycling and explaining it all (she uses more products than needed as she breeds shrimp and had spare folks sent her). I wanted to flag it because filtration is key to keeping healthy water so your new cares survive. If you currently have ammonia/nitrites, that's toxic I'm afraid.
In my state, rent must be paid "without demand". That said, first line of my rules is where to drop rent checks. The second line is late fee amount. Have an office address to mail a check? (You want legal record of payment made.) If not, request where to remit payment or the bank account details you wanted. This is a question for your landlord, if they are slow to respond, my condolences, but at least you get interest on the overdue rent balances until delivered? I'd argue no late fees if there was miscommunication of how to pay. If your lease doesn't stipulate a late fee, there might not be any.
Deep underground, unlikely, the warmth would have dissipated before reaching most life.
It's a protist, there is no viable treatment really yet, see the sidebar info for more (shows on old.reddit, not new redesign).
Street here after paving had no lines for a few weeks, it was so nice as everyone gave each other wider berth than usual. Then lines were painted and that extra space went away.
Sorry, but it was underground, gamma radiation is not going anywhere since rocks shield it. Heat will radiate out through rock though. None of that would reach the surface where there's life, as the only emanate radiation, heat, would have dissipated through rocks/ground.
If you're having an issue, part your lips and try sounding out "stop" or "lips" or "lisp" before "help" with no issue.
Huh? Silicon Graphics and Amigas had modern GUIs, mouse and window operating systems that were actually multitasking (and had multiple processors) at the time, plus were less expensive than comparable IBM and clones. Plus the Amiga had base 4096 colors instead of two. And later 8, then later VGA graphics gave windows boxes 256. Also the Amiga functioned in NTSC (America) or PAL (Europe) television broadcast signals. The hard part for 3D was rendering a single frame back in the 80s would take overnight. Thankfully when I was creating 3D animations in the 90s we could render several seconds overnight. By this time Windows as an operating system had come along, and Macs had moved from two colors to also support more. The primary low cost software for 3D was Lightwave on the Amiga, which was ported to Windows in the 90s as Commodore (the company that made Amigas) went under. So to answer your question, you'd turn on the machine, you'd have all the icons of your software on the Workbench (what Windows calls the "Desktop"), you'd run Lightwave and Art Department Pro (conversion/compositing software, think Photoshop), and drawing software like Deluxepaint all at once, and changes you'd make to textures in one could reflect immediately in the others (or you could have Lightwave rendering while working on the next piece). It was a big step backwards moving to Windows and more of a task switching environment instead of true multitasking. Windows still lacks some great features the Amiga OS had. And now it has jumped the shark and become an advertising platform instead of an operating system. That said, at the time the Intel processors were moving ahead of the Motorola processors in mathematical speed. RISC architecture was coming along. 3D graphics cards with real time rendering were appearing. The whole scene changed. But the work process of using an orthographical view to model things, lighting, making key frames/motion capture, compositing, rendering, all are similar processes today (and you see such jobs listed with teams of artists in credits).
I average comparable units on Craigslist, discarding highest and lowest.
US here but three houses wet basements, only one's dry (well, when there isn't a failed water heater or plumbing issue). Concrete is porous, so moisture passes through depending on water table, temps and humidity, aside from exterior drainage. It's likely any cost would be ineffective. These are the situations, "My condolences, but we've had that looked at and the cost is prohibitive with expectation it won't stop it." That said, what is the terrain like outside where the stream initiates? Does it slope away from the foundation? If not, can you add fill so it does?
I agree, it sounds like the patio settling is the biggest offender. My neighbor had his driveway repaved, only to have water *pour* through a wall and flood his finished basement afterward. The different company that repaved it to fix it said it was the incorrect mix. It's entirely possible the grading of the driveway, the mix, or the junction with the foundation at the house might all be remedied. I might be inclined to clean that junction with Muriatic acid (hydrochloric acid) and then caulk the seam (presuming it's small enough and no weeds growing out).
degrees or ppm!?
Drats! Know anybody locally who has a tank/aquarium of any type? Anyone who used to? Many of us have spare supplies and/or can loan some. Here there are local papers or websites with classified ads from private parties. I'd check any of them there for tanks being sold and contact them asking if they have dechlorinator to offer in this emergency. Failing the above, I'd look for local clubs of fishtank/aquarium hobbyests who might be able to offer some. Depending how willing you are to share your location, might make a post that you are near X city/location if anyone there has spare to help you out with.
Breath! :-) It's OK. Ellobiopsidae is actually a protist, not fungus, although their reproduction is via a spore, per Wikipedia, "The half not attached to the host becomes the gonomere and the half attached to the host is named the trophomere. As the gonomere and trophomere partitioning continues to partition, the spore begins to form in the gonomere and it takes on a granulated texture. The pre-spores are released from the reproductive body and form spores for dispersal to the next host." In other words, it would have had to have been at the exact right moment and happened to develop/release in those two minutes, instead of all the time it was handled prior to that. So odds are, no worries. :-) I presume you've already euthanized the doomed one? Also should get credit from wherever you got it too.
Erm, if you order shrimp, they'll be at shipping temperature, as you drip acclimate, they come to matching temperature, voilà, done. What am I missing? My shrimp fluctuated from low 60s to mid 70s as the room temp did, cooler at night obviously. Just as they wood in natural pools in the wild. When ordering shrimp, they often come in cold if shipped during winter and heater packs run out. In summer they often come in hot. But either way they end up matching the tank per drip acclimating.
Why/how would she drop them? I've never had a berried female's adhesion fail her. Losing eggs is rather rare (you might hear about it more here as folks talk about unusual things commonly here obviously). But the eggs are adhered to her pleopods, not easily removed (for those of us who have had to physically remove them, we know how hard it is). But if for any reason she were to lose the eggs, they'd still hatch in proper time. So no worries...note the newly born shrimplets eat biofilm, so they need access to all that yummy slime.
They are adhered to their pleopods, so can't voluntarily "drop" them. (I've seen a misconception that they were held intentionally before, that's not the case. The mother can't do anything to rid herself of them. Only if the mucus that adheres them didn't exist or failed somehow.) They are stuck to her. If she dies, they remain stuck to her (demonstrating it doesn't involve her intent or stress). There are plenty here far more experienced than me, but I've never seen any drop 'em, although I have had to scrape them off unfortunate deaths to happily hatch. So while it's never good to count your chickens before they hatch (heh), I'd put money on shrimplets in your future (and even if she dropped the eggs, they'd likely still hatch regardless).
Likely no difference, you'd have to carefully check pictures. The problem is that online sellers put in every keyword to catch as many search engine results as possible, and you'll note some specifically mention "Yellow Shrimp, also called Golden Back Yellow Shrimp due to the yellow stripe on their back..." I found the same issue when I was checking about blues. (Note, the top hit on Google is a vendor with an alliterative name that starts with A, whom I'd avoid in favor of others, searching this subreddit for reviews will show why, although hopefully conditions have improved since, the issues had reoccurred much later.)
I've had small and larger (20 gallon long), never any heater, they can survive *outside* in southern states through the winter when it ices over the top! Inside my house never gets that cold, heh. Mine have ranged from low 60s to mid 70s happily. Note they aren't tropical fish, they come from freshwater pools, which are naturally cold. That's why their care sheets list temp ranges from 60-mid 70s. PS: In past years in this sub, folks who didn't have breeding activity found lowering temps allowed success. So I'd not waste money/time/risk on a heater, K.I.S.S.
Welcome to what Gen. X and Boomers said back then, back when there was an opportunity to stave off the impending disaster, back when the projections in the 80s were more severe storms, ice caps melting and extreme temperatures in 40 years (IE, around 2020). I was fortunate, I got to actually ride on, walk on (and in, it glowed bluish) glaciers back when Glacier National Park was filled with them (now there's essentially none in comparison). Heck, there was a big push to stop deforestation and cutting down trees by switching from paper bags to plastic to save the planet back then! So yeah, welcome to the club?
Poret foam as per Swiss Tropicals, best, most durable, easiest to clean, awesome stuff. I had a 20l so did an end which gave shrimp plenty of surface area to graze on, but they have standard corner filters or can customize to whatever you want.
Are you rinsing new plants w/dilute bleach beforehand?
Yikes, I'd pull it asap to any other clear container to get a better look before euthanizing sadly. :-(
Frankly? Move stress is over in minutes and temporary, then they'd have less stress. :-) I'd also really want to move the berried one before they hatch and potentially get eaten!
Bad tenants don't worry/wonder, they say things like, "You know I'm a good tenant." or the more aware say, "I'm not the worst tenant you have, right?" In your case, I put you more on the good side because you communicate and care, issues are resolved promptly. Bad tenants don't communicate and are disrespectful/damaging.
"Our condolences, but from a health and liability standpoint the unit won't be considered habitable until repairs are taken care of. Which of the previous spoken about accommodations would you prefer?"
Erm, yes? Although I have had tradespeople round down if they didn't have change in the truck. I prefer to round them up as a tip instead. It used to be more common for them to be "paid" by check instead. Nowadays those who pay for net connections accept credit cards remotely.
Schedule E from IRS website. Also learn about depreciation (house, capital improvements, computer, phone, etc.)
What type of company? IRS sees most as pass through entities that is your tax income regardless. Note LLC needs a partner for IRS to see it as other than sole proprietor/no different. Complications involve more complicated income taxes, business taxes, needing an accountant instead of one form you can do yourself, and attorney representation for evictions instead of self rep. Additionally if you have or want financing, it then needs to be commercial lending/rates instead of a standard mortgage or home equity. If you are thinking of liability, you should be insured as a landlord properly regardless, and any lawsuit would "pierce the veil" to attach your assets anyway. Talk to your attorney (or multiple), and an accountant for your circumstance/advice, it might be different there/for you than our general experiences.
Dark for darker shrimp colors (they change their coloration to match their surroundings).
Thanks for the feedback, glad to hear that! :-)
Any idea how yours broke? Issue at a corner seam? The base? Cracked glass?
&gt; Is there any way to check if they're okay? What's the ammonia reading? In just four days depending on tank size and number of shrimp they might not have produced enough waste for the water to be too toxic yet. These are not fish, they die with little warning, they can't show distress well locked within their shells as they are. I'd get an ammonia detoxifier and doze it daily as well as starter bacteria to begin the cycling process and settle in for a painful filter cycling process for the next month or so sadly. :-(
Sure, but it's likely less than they'd like. If laundry machines are listed in the lease or part of an oral agreement, then a couple weeks worth of laundry service comes to what? Less than $10 including transport there/back? If you put it in the form of a gift card, save the receipt as tax write-off. But they're likely hoping for a significant chunk beyond their actual stack of quarters, like a hundred bucks or something. So it becomes a matter of expectation. If they saved receipts it'd be easy to reimburse them, but it also wouldn't be much at all. So for PR/goodwill/caring I'd get them a gift card. Saying "no" doesn't engender goodwill and isn't really just.
He's yanking her chain. She's used to being abused, it fills a niche in her psyche. She needs to get away, grow up, turn into a person of her own rather than a reflection of an abuser. You aren't an abuser, you are respectful, caring, supportive, trustworthy, loyal and worthy of so much more than she's able to give currently. She needs to come to terms with her past issues, and develop her own self worth. Both of you are still in a brain development stage where future ramifications aren't fully appreciated yet. Just like an addict needs to hit rock bottom and decide for themselves to get well, she needs to want to turn her life around. While you are in an environment where you can connect with other potential mates, take advantage of it, learn, grow, develop, so that you can find someone worthy of you.
If you specifically get a variety that the mutation came from, then breeding them together will mostly end up with the dominant genetics, IE the "parent" color. Just as mixing different lines ends up with the dominant wild coloration.
In the US with the census coming, there is an effort to find such folks a local news article publicized, in an effort to have accurate data; but there's no forcing anyone, can live as such if you want, there's more a desire to provide resources for folks living that way and be sure they're represented accurately.
Females have longer pleopods in order to have room to hold potential eggs. None are showing in your pic that I see. Is she opaque? That would obscure them unless you saw underneath. Also when laden with eggs they don't swim much, just crawl around, as pleopods with eggs adhered to them aren't as useful for swimming, so if she swims, not berried.
Until propaganda supporting the notion, most didn't have big breakfasts, it was a marketing ploy (see wiki link in another's comment); bacon and eggs take longer than just a drink or roll which was more common beforehand. But to sell more bacon, they got doctors to respond that a bigger breakfast was healthier. Same guy was responsible for getting women to smoke and promoting slim imagery of women smoking via news reporting of parades. Master at using third parties to manipulate the public.
Most Americans didn't eat eggs for breakfast or have access to farm chickens, they had a drink of coffee or OJ, perhaps a roll, see another's comment with the wiki link to the guy who changed all that to promote bacon sales via doctors. Same guy got women to smoke cigarettes, and is probably responsible for you having a positive view of Dixie cups and Ivory soap.
Time to add freshwater? She can root Pothos cuttings in the tank too--compromise! ;-)
OMG, so relate. -algae farmer
We usually recommend lowering the water, but *saving* that water so parameters are maintained upon arrival. The other key thing is to please make sure the tank is solidly supported evenly on all four corners at all times, you want to avoid torquing. A foam mat between it and surfaces underneath might help too if there's debris. Finally if going a long distance for an extended duration, there are battery powered air pumps. Remember your bacteria in the filter need oxygen, and if the filter media dries out they can die in just 15 minutes. A simple solution is to put the filter media in the tank water short term, but if it's a long drive, you might want to pick up a battery powered airstone too.
Let them hatch, I found (after more than my fair share of dead mommas) best was dropping the eggs into gravel substrate to shelter them from those who might eat them. They don't need to be handled in any special way, they have everything they need to hatch and are safe in their eggcases. You do want them in the mature tank environment so they have ready access to biofilm upon hatching so they can eat up.
Shrimp adjust the size of their color cells in relation to how dark their surroundings are, if you want them to show a deep green color, you'd want dark substrate. If you go with white, they will lighten up/show more clear.
Stop poking me! *or* Duet.
As many plants as you can afford. ;-) No heater if room temp between 60°-mid 70°s, if you do use a heater for some reason, high 60s to low 70s. (They aren't really tropical from freshwater pools/streams.) Darker substrate for darker colors, they'll adjust their coloration to blend in with their environment. &gt; Any other advice Although often described as "hardy", neocaridina are just hardier than more fragile shrimp species, but they like consistent parameters. Water changes should range from a quarter to a third, not more generally. Have you done salts before? They need the proper mineral content, magnesium and calcium carbonate, measured by GH and KH respectively (although both encompass other things too like sodium bicarbonate). If you don't have a GH/KH liquid drop test, you can find it as specialty aquarium shops (not pet stores) or order online.
Assuming kills in this hobby I'm afraid. Amanos have different mineral needs (or rather, can survive a broader range), so it's no indication at all if the water would be okay for neos I'm afraid. How'd you setup/cycle a tank without a testing kit? If the tank isn't cycling yet, you're a month or more from wanting to put life in it as the water would be toxic and would stress if not kill them sadly.
FYI a TDS meter isn't a requirement, not that one isn't useful, but Total Dissolved Solids encompasses EVERYTHING. You want them as low as possible in a tank, so you do water changes, but you also already do water changes to lower/remove nitrates/toxicity. Where TDS comes into play is if you are remineralizing RO water for more delicate types of shrimp, since you know the RO water has nothing in it, you can use TDS as a reference to how much minerals to add. This serves no purpose if you are using tap water, as it will have high TDS due to stuff in it. The other area TDS comes into play is if you have enough fast growing stem plants, floaters, Pothos cuttings with roots in the water and foliage out, stuff with access to atmosphere basically such that they uptake lots of nitrates so you aren't doing water changes as frequently, then TDS becomes a measure of when you should do water changes. If you do water changes weekly regardless, it doesn't help/serve you. They aren't that expensive on Amazon or eBay, so no biggy, but can save a couple bucks or hold off until you feel you need one for a purpose.
How old were they?
Rereading your post I realize your tank's only been up a couple months. I was thinking old age might've been a factor as they only live a bit over a year, so if they came to you as adults instead of juveniles... One concern is if the GH reading is accurate, it's below the healthy ranges I typically see online (and I always wanted mine about double the KH) of 4-8 or 6-8. Magnesium is important as it aids their uptake of calcium carbonate. So even if your KH is in a healthy range, they might not be getting enough calcium and dying.
Credit works differently in other countries. Do you speak the language where she's from? Might research their governmental websites and their banking/financial websites for info, does she have a home government id number?
I'd worry about TDS rising too much dosing other things and consider getting shrimp specific minerals instead (like the Salty Shrimp GH product or equivalent). I'd also not want to put more copper in the tank as it's deadly to shrimp.
Do you have a phone? Know how to google? Watch a Youtube vid? You too can call an appliance repair person (or follow instructions to replace that plastic part in a washer that's designed to break so more expensive stuff is saved when it's overloaded). Or a plumber for a leak, or whatever. If not sure, google. A PM is advised if you have no time to handle thing/make phone calls and are out of state from your property. Note as other posts in this sub show, they may or may not take care of things as you would.
Condolences it came across that way, wasn't meant as such, the point is there are ready available resources that many folks don't think of. My day it was get a book from the library, but now there's all the info available in our pockets, the biggest inhibitor is realizing to access it.
Perhaps consider more red tone plants? Note they adjust their coloration to their environment, not just the substrate below, darker helps for bolder colors, but if you have a heavily planted tank, then the plants will be where they get their signal to adjust to. Brown substrate is also not white substrate. The other option would be to have some brown rocks as hardscape, so it's not all green shrimp on green plants.
From other comments, vice-versa, his head, the bod's provided by a filter.
*yet.
Have you seen the males zipping around the tank in a frenzy seeking females after the females molt? Did you get them as juveniles five months ago? They might just need some more time, are the females fully grown/round/completely different shape than the males? Essentially you only need two. ;-) Adding more doesn't change them breeding, just amplifies how many you get from multiple females carrying simultaneously so you get more quicker. (The usual issue of too high temps doesn't seem to be the case here.)
Folks who have had issues temp-wise were in the high 70°s close to 80. Lowering to mid-70s did the trick for them as I recall from those who reported back over the years. My tanks ranged from mid-60s winter nights to mid-to-high 70s summer days without issue. So yeah, my guess is age, also since they only molt once every four weeks, a lot can change in that time such that next molt could be sexual maturity.
&gt; Does he really allow pets? My guess is, legally no, are you insured‽ My landlord fire policy doesn't cover dog bites. It probably comes down to him being able in court to produce that document and point out he was unaware tenants had brought in potential hazards.
So your beneficial bacteria colony was hurt or killed by the peroxide as you probably realize, or the bacteria suffocated with lack of oxygen during that hour of no aerobic circulation. (Hydrogen peroxide breaks down to oxygen and water though in presence of light, so depends on how much light exposure there was.) Regardless of what killed them, need to get the filter cycling again. Good move to swap in bacteria from other cycling filters, now need time for those colonies to expand/grow to handle the load. If nitrites aren't increasing, then you have some of the second type of bacteria that's converting them to nitrates. You just need more of both. I'd keep dosing Prime to detoxify as the colony regrows, shouldn't take a month as you already have some, and you already have some of the second type and nitrites for them to grow on (when initially cycling those don't get started until after the first type grows large enough to produce).
Hmm... Spellbreak is already the heaviest/most intensive cpu/gpu load game I've played. It's one thing for a single bullet hit to affect one of those target areas in a demo, it's another for an AoE to affect dozens at once--nevermind oodles of AoEs. Then consider suspension of disbelief, fireballs obviously wouldn't break stone walls, lightning wouldn't either. Ice realistically would only do so if thawed, then refrozen. Toxic would do diddley squat, wind too, but tornados could slide broken stuff under 100 lbs. like it slightly pulls characters, if such items were manually put all over the map. Break branches too, would they then do damage if used in such areas? Would it be confusing if they did damage in some areas of the map but not open fields with no debris? The biggest impact would be for the stone gauntlet. Boulders would do destruction per what that demo shows, the ground attack impacting everything above. It might be very cool! PS: Obviously one could also argue "hey, magic", that everything has telekinesis or enough magical physical force to break stuff apart, but then we move away from interacting elemental effects.
That's faster than my family's first dedicated chess computer which could take hours per move.
Mine are stainless steel and I dry them after use, then wipe them with my fingers for whatever oil on my skin to spread. I'd sand off loose rust, not want oil interfering with gas exchange.
Remove predators so babies can live and other shrimp can thrive with less stress?
They've been saying optimization will be the last step prior to public release (which developmentally-wise logically should be the final step, as changes after that impact it).
Erm, yes? ;-) *looks around if someone else asked about what to do with their baby eating fish... I know I'm kinda' asking the obvious, you said what can you do about the fish eating the babies, but it seemed rude to say, "prevent the fish eating your babies by preventing the fish from eating your babies". A questioning tone is less abrasive than "remove the predators so they can't eat the babies, duh". ;-) Also we obviously have no idea what resources are available to you, your answer might be you don't have space for another tank, you don't have funds for another tank, your spouse prohibits another tank regardless of loss of life, you might not be able to get credit for giving the fish to your local store, etc. So yeah, I'm asking you that, how about removing those that would eat the babies that'll be in your care in a few weeks?
Depends, are you breeding to sell? Then keep stuffing them with food to grow up asap, that's what breeders do. Generally the rule of thumb is remove what they haven't consumed in half an hour once a day. Breeders feed twice a day. It also depends on the condition of your tank, mine never cared about supplemental food as they had plenty of algae and biofilm to consume. Nearly everything I offered I ended up removing. If your tank is new/sterile, then food might be needed. Another measure if they are clear enough is looking at their digestive tract, if you can see a dark line throughout their body, that means food's gone in to be going through. So, if you want them to grow faster/live shorter lives/be ready for sale sooner, feed more. If you want them to live longer, don't push the nutrition. (Temperature of course is also a factor here, warming/shorter, cooler/longer.)
My understanding is Otos are truly vegetarians, to the point if there isn't enough algae in the tank vegetables have to be provided for them. In all the years I've participated in this sub and read bits elsewhere, Otos are the only fish nobody has had issue with. Your post here is the first I've read suggesting otherwise.
You don't directly feed them, they feed themselves on biofilm in the tank.
Relax first and foremost. As an aside, a berried shrimp isn't "pregnant", she has eggs glued to her. Their food is in those eggs. It's not like a human pregnant woman who needs to eat more, the shrimp's job is already done, you took care of it last month, so now they're developing inside the eggs. I'd not adjust the pH or minerals now. There's a good chance they are in OK ranges. Shrimp favor consistency. When you can get tests, it would be worth it, so you can find out. Normally tests happen *before* you introduce life to the tank to be sure it's not toxic to them. Shrimp need calcium carbonate and magnesium for developing their shells. The former is measured by KH (Karbonate Hardness from the German word) and the latter by GH (General Hardness). These tests aren't in pet shops in the US typically either, but they are at specialty aquarium shops or can be ordered online. If you showed a pic of such on your phone in a fish store they might be able to help you--but finding a local in the hobby would probably help more. &gt; Is all of this necessary? Yes and no. Yes in order to know that you have a healthy environment and provide proper minerals, no if you just learn that you already do have a healthy environment as you might. &gt; do I need to feed them? If there's algae, they are fed. Done. Shrimplets don't even need algae, they eat biofilm that you can't even see. If your male shrimp are clear enough you can see a dark line of their digestive tract filled with food in their bodies, they are well fed. So you are providing food for them. If you gave them other food they might not even care (mine never did).
Algae comes from nutrients in the water column, and light to grow. To minimize algae, black out the tank a couple days (the plants'll be fine), then if you have lights, run them shorter. If any daylight or other light reaches the tank, block it. Do a water change. Is your filter properly cycling? Do you have a test kit to measure ammonia, nitrite and nitrates from when you setup to get the filter cycling? Use it, if you have ammonia (which is toxic to shrimp) or nitrites it's an emergency situation you want to handle asap via a water change and using an ammonia detoxifier. Then you want to sort out your filter and make sure it's cycling. Also, do another water change. PS: Algae likes ammonia and nitrites more than plants do, plants like nitrates produced by the filter more than algae does, which is why I brought that up--but everything is likely fine, just needs more frequent water changes to keep the water cleaner/healthier.
Parameters? pH? Ammonia/nitrites/nitrates/GH/KH? They don't get to chose as eggs are adhered to their pleopods, eggs stick with dead corpses even. I've never had eggs come loose. So the question becomes why, is there something about the water chemistry interfering, or are they genetic mutants with weaker mucus, or what.
A disadvantage if using that much crushed coral is, depending on your pH, ending up with too much minerals in your water column. It's easier to control the amount directly. The amount of calcium carbonate dissolved is dependent on your pH, the two substrates would essentially compete with each other, heh. But then how do you do a water change with different potential parameters? That said, it could work, depends where things balance out and what your source water is. You could also recreate the entire setup in another bucket/tank/container to always keep water change water so it is already adjusted in a similar fashion (but you'd need to match quantities/ratios).
Old enough that I'm screenshotting your comment to text to my SO, LOL! PS edit: Old enough to be discounted, she virtually rolled her eyes at me.
Note Ellobiopsidae is not a fungus, it's a protist, hence being so deadly as it doesn't respond to antifungal treatments. CC /u/Dertres (There's more info in our sidebar, view via old.reddit or an app, not visible on new.reddit's redesign sadly.)
So they need calcium carbonate for their shell development, and magnesium aids the uptake from my recall/reading, the KH is "Karbonate" Hardness from the German, whereas the GH is measuring magnesium too. Note, you do NOT need certain KH or GH numbers. You DO need calcium carbonate and magnesium. Sodium bicarbonate or another alkaline buffer kills them. Some other metal measuring as GH may also harm them (Epsom salts for example show up as GH but magnesium sulfate does them no good). The Salty Shrimp or similar products have the right ratio of what they need. When RO water has calcium carbonate and magnesium added, the pH ends up just below or around 8.0, which is cool. So please remember KH measures any carbonate, not just calcium carbonate, and GH measures any general hardness substance, not just magnesium. It's entirely possible to hit the right range of numbers without having the necessary stuff they need to survive/molt. Yeah, there's a surprising amount to learn, and many parts of it are kinda' glossed over, good on you for cautiously approaching it. :-)
Check out the map of Discords on the Silph website or the pinned thread here of groups, if there isn't a Bristol specific, the overall CT would be a better bet.
Is your water good for them? Your KH and GH in healthy range? Occam's Razor, that's the most likely issue.
Swampert was one of the biggest players last season too. I found so many were meta attacking last night (or expecting Gira and Cress), that preparing to anti-meta the anti-meta teams did better. I bailed on Arti lead though, too many electrics, not enough it's effective against.
So used like generic street signs then?
I'd toss out anything with a shared weakness, recipe for disaster. So replace either Machamp or Gira, whichever does less for you. What you choose depends which.
Note shrimplets will get eaten. Best to care for them in a separate tank or divide it.
Sadly such doesn't have the type of feature element Niantic wants for PoI and close up pics.
I had well spoken parents and read a lot. Having a vocabulary that allows me to apply the right words my audience will understand a shared meaning of is key. You grok? No? There's also an understanding of a bit of psychology/personalities, some folks are more metaphorical in their interpretation of what is said, I'm more literal. Take my meaning the wrong way and I adapt accordingly. Diplomacy. Women use language structures that are less ego driven and aggressive. These get overlooked in face to face conversation, but work great online to avoid troll responses. The difference between, "your idea is wrong" versus "May I make another suggestion?" Conflict avoidance. "You..." versus "I feel like..." The former puts someone on the defensive, the latter allows them to relate and help. The crux of the question though isn't what I do, it's how might you do that innately. I have had a lifetime of practice and just speak what comes to mind naturally. I don't edit, it just pours out (in this case, my fingers). In others cases, the key is to listen first. While listening, which doesn't take much brainpower, consider how you might phrase your response to be pleasing to whom you are engaged in conversation. Practice. My condolences.
Predators cause stress/impact health. Separate tank is best, divider a less optimal option.
There isn't a reasonable way, as the amount of calcium carbonate will be based on how much dissolves per the acidity, surface area, etc. I had some seashells but higher pH which didn't do much for years. So there is no way really to calculate as your tank will be unique compared to others. The only solution is to add a portion, give it time, measure and see. If a decent amount of increase, the pH will also increase as the acid is used for the dissolution.
Sadly they'll be stressed being trapped in a tank with predators (hence talking about hiding spaces, something shrimp normally wouldn't use), and all the babies the predators can get will be eaten. :-( Might a separate tank be an option? If not, the only other solution potentially to care for them is a tank divider to keep predators away, but they'll still "taste" them in the water and know fish are there.
A friend I had who was bi said she was 90/10, she preferred other girls mostly, but a nice you-know-what every now and then feels great too. :-)
I've hit time two out of five or so, losing some I'd have won, or winning those I'd win regardless, not sure there's been any that went in my favor. It's usually something like Gira whittling down Cress and time runs out before Moonblast is charged to take it out. I now play differently because of it. I wish there was another minute to it. But matches do take painfully long... *sigh
I see four things that would take mine out. Nitrates, mine would die if it got into the high teens. KH/GH, most care sheets I see have ranges that the middle of is about 4 and 8, whereas yours is twice as high. Related to this somewhat, and the lack of water change, is the TDS, mine would have issues over 300 and I'd do water changes when it started to get up there. So step one, I'd do multiple water changes this weekend. If you do a third on the first one, and get the nitrates down below 14ish, it won't be as toxic as the deadly toxicity that's there now. Remember nitrates aren't AS toxic as ammonia/nitrites, but still are toxic. Tomorrow I'd do another water change to get the nitrates down to a "post water change" level instead of up at a "need to do a water change" level. (Hopefully will be under 10 then.) Then in the next few days do a third water change, to get the nitrates down to a healthier level (likely around 6ish). Then you should be back on track to do a water change next weekend without the water being so toxic. I just reread and noticed you only did a 10% water change!?!! That's meaningless. 10% of 20 is 18, still deadly! You have 90% of the toxicity still in there! Why effectively NOT change water? Shrimp need healthy non-toxic water, not changing it kills them I'm afraid. You want the nitrates to get down into the single digits, since 0 is effectively unobtainable. Now comes the question of KH/GH. Is that the level of your tap water? From what I've seen of reasonable healthy ranges it might be just over the high end. Might want to dilute with some RO or distilled if that's an option. This however you want to do gradually over time, as sudden parameter changes can negatively impact them.
Nope, it's an automatic transmission not stick, so torque converter transfers power to the wheels unless in neutral or park selection, so let off the gas it idles forward instead of staying put like normal manual cars. Very disconcerting and unsafe, kids sometimes slip it into gear if left idling and slow accidents happen.
I use Mapfactor Navigator on my old Nexus 7 tablet. Offline, free unless you want traffic or other maps.
Plot twist she didn't tell any of the friends the details so they couldn't show up. They all commemorated his life together at a bar and lamented how nuts his mother is.
Aside from the mutual gender stuff not taught any kids, boys in particular don't seem to be taught how to communicate effectively with others. IE, that girls commiserate more and don't want men explaining how to fix things, they want emotional support. Similarly guys aren't taught how to be emotionally expressive/available/vulnerable. It's often seen as men expected to be "the rock" or stoic, but it's brought upon themselves by not teaching boys how to ask for emotional support, how to reach out when lonely, how to form emotional bonds, etc. Another issue in some cultures is ego and how to not let it get in the way and cause so many impediments to work, relationships, personal growth, etc. Oh, and how to grow/learn. So many boys are left behaving like teenagers as grown men and old men instead of continuing to develop.
Remove shrimp, salt dip for 40 seconds (can also use Kosher salt, which is what I had), if the berried ones aren't affected, don't treat them. Note, they don't actively hold eggs, eggs are adhered to them, they can't drop them. In fact if you've ever tried scraping them off a dead corpse, it's really hard. The only worry would be if the mucus was dissolved by salt, but I doubt that's the case. That doesn't mean it'll be cool for the eggs, but better to treat than have parasites still around, as you can get berried again. But my bet is they'll be fine.
Welcome to multi-tank syndrome! :-)
Or they're playing Pokemon Go too.
Room temp or body temp liquids or might cause nausea and throwing up.
Whoa Pyro is a beast now, ouch! The new trees are *really* nice.
Otos are OK. Others are predators and will eat all the shrimplets they can get.
Why? Because it's a known circumstance instead of the scary unknown. It's routine. Uncertainty is unnerving, so even though something is bad, reliable bad that requires little effort folks stay with instead of improving their situation. Quit. Today. Seriously. It won't be an emotional reaction to a situation, it'll be a rational choice. Invest in landing the next better job. Your quality of life, emotional wellbeing and that of your husband will be better. That's why he's requesting you quit. Friend of mine got a job offer but his current job had finally improved. Ironically he was least frustrated. It was best it had ever been. I pointed out, if it was at the peak now, that means down at some point in the future. He quit, switched, and is now more rewarded, has fewer items he didn't enjoy doing, better team, and is *much* happier. If not today, talk to your husband, plan when, and quit then, life is to short to keep subjecting yourself (and indirectly your hubby) to harm.
If she can still get around, they'll be fine, and she might be okay after they hatch and her next molt. If she can't get around, she still might be okay long enough for them to hatch. If she dies, then you can take her corpse, scrape off the eggs (I used a toothpick, tweezers to hold the body, and a magnifier). Then simply drop the eggs among the gravel substrate where they'll be sheltered from others. I've had to do this process multiple times, and found it best. You'll see stuff on YouTube about tumblers and whatnot like for fish fry or others, but shrimplets don't need or experience that naturally. They don't hatch with developed swimmeretts, so want to be near the biofilm they eat on the substrate and away from strong flow.
Note they are fine down to 15C. They also can live down well below that, just won't breed/thrive as well below 15. I'd not bother with a heater, and have never had any in my tanks with lower room temps than yours.
It's one thing to be worried for your partner and their mental state. It's another, in the heat of defensiveness, to proclaim they should have their meds adjusted. If there IS a med issue or apparent symptoms a patient is unaware of, you bring it up as a reasonable time, you document and provide examples that support the issue, you don't only raise it in defense and not another time! His behavior doesn't seem to have your best interests at heart. If he has a kink about getting off to someone unaware, to the point he's dosing you with unown meds, that's unhealthy on multiple levels for multiple people. It's one thing to consent to being drugged (which isn't even legal in all states), it's another thing to be raped (which might be the legal definition in your state). While my partner and I have granted carte blanche to each other for nocturnal activities, neither of us have such proclivities, but such is legal here. That might be another factor in his vehement denial, aside from potential kink.
You know how increasing the frequency of a sound wave changes its pitch? Same thing with color. ROYGBIV.
Glad for them, FYI for future reference they don't need tumbling like other organisms and don't get tumbled naturally. After more than my share I found greatest success dropping eggs among gravel substrate. Baby shrimplets hatch without fully developed swimmerets, and need biofilm to eat, so best for them to be in their mature tank among all the biofilm of the substrate to eat, where they won't get blown around be excess flow. :-)
I'm going against the grain and saying yes, and here's why, changing water removes hormones and other non-tested substances, replacing with fresh healthy water. Sure tested parameters are fine, but untested are building up. Water changes are some of the healthiest things you can do, nothing bad ever came from a good water change (obviously bad water can have bad results, or water without matching parameters). To put it another way, nothing bad ever came from too frequent water changes, whereas multiple problems arise from less frequent maintenance. Also, what's the best thing for growing plants in a planted tank? Water change. So not only do the shrimp benefit, but the plant growth too, which you're depending on here.
It lacks focus, the viewer's eye isn't drawn to anything. The tree on the left awkwardly cut off caught mine first. The road which normally should lead the eye in to something, doesn't. Is it supposed to be the sunset color? The cloud formation up in the sky? It sadly ends up being flat/awkward rather than framed with a clear presentation of something I'm afraid. It's possible it could be cropped to improve the composition, but I'm afraid the location choice of the photographer should've been moved in the original moment of capture. There's some basic photography premises not learned yet shown here I'm afraid.
Way over thinking. They likely are far more ambivalent, their reasons have nothing to do with your imaginings, and it takes effort to make changes which they couldn't be bothered with. You're investing a bunch of care and energy on something irrelevant to putting food on your table, roof overhead, achieving your goals. Rather than think bad things of people, invest in people who you respect and care for. Note ghosting people, while rude, doesn't give them an indication how you feel, just leaves them ignorant. So don't assume they feel one way or another. If people tried manipulating your feelings via posts in the past, well past behaviour is best predictor. If you don't plan on future relationship, then their actions are no concern of yours. If however you do want a relationship, the first step is reaching out to them and checking how they feel, rather than presuming all this bs in your own head.
I'm not familiar enough with Amanos to provide insights I'm afraid.
That's not the issue, and is comparing apples to oranges. Instead compare USA to Canada, Western/Northern Euro, Australia, places where the standard of living is much higher and quality of life/happiness is much higher despite that having been the reverse a few decades ago. Also some minorities would suggest overt racism is better than the US hidden racism, which leaves you in a job for years without advancement where if they hadn't hired you in the first place you coulda' worked elsewhere. But often it's said in relation to things more like healthcare and the like, there's a reason Americans outside of Canada go to Mexico or South American places for surgeries. My father got a complete heart workup with all the latest tech scans in China for low enough cash mom simply tossed it on a credit card. The difference is in the US, your house is taken, and you are put on the street, because your wife (who you couldn't afford to remain married to) came down with MS. Sure, in other places you might start out on the street, but you remain on the street. But in better places, you'd get to keep your house and the equity you put into it! PS: I've been to 45 of the 50 states, back when they were less homogeneous than now, limited Europe, limited Caribbean, have extended family in Columbia.
Belt first, it provides armor so you can take/restore more damage. Grey belt on you versus no belt on your opponent means 120 damage they'd need to do vs. just 100. Health/armor pots next. Dash rune helps you dodge. Shadow-step too if you go in an unpredictable direction. Experienced players expect you to end up at likely spots so they shoot there. Predicting movement is the name of the game. So you have to make yours unpredictable, and anticipate theirs. If you have a moment, drink a health or armor pot, they likely are too, hence you having a moment. Then you'll have more health/time to work with and they need to do more. Finally the try hards are out, last night was insane, I've won games in past months, but my partner and I got slaughtered repeatedly by solo people in duos. Without skill based matchmaking, I consider the game unplayable.
Do you miss him when you are apart? Does he lift you up and improve your life? Could you see co-parenting? Do you share values? Trustworthy? Loyal? Do you feel addicted? Is the feeling shared? Love waxes and wanes, but in longest deepest relationships folks yearn to be with each other and brighten each other up.
Some things, yes, your fault, and no, quieter fan likely would make no difference or made the issue worse ironically! Fans are installed to studs or joists in the structure of the house. Others often hear that sound transmitted in the frame of the house rather than the raw air moving noise that is lower with quieter fans. I installed the quietest available, still can hear the "rumble" via walls elsewhere. Ironically quieter can cause one to miss it was left on! This impedes you as the user realizing and turning it off if left on. Another solution is have it on the same circuit as the light, so the turning off the light also turns off the fan as you leave.
What time of day was the measurement? Do you see a difference morn/eve? Generally speaking no, but plants do contribute to bioload, they actually uptake oxygen at rest/night, using CO2 during the day, but as long as the surface tension of the water is broken up (no protein film) as filters typically do, then should be fine. In terms of pH usually you don't want sudden shifts, or large shifts, but it's typically more correlated to mineral content. More calcium carbonate results in higher pH as the acidity goes toward breaking down the minerals. I've seen plenty of tanks that are essentially complete jungles, with light completely blocked from overgrowth, dead plants underneath, which happily have critters continuing to thrive (albeit never seen).
They aren't intentionally gripping eggs, they are adhered to their pleopods, it's kinda' hard to remove them from a dead momma corpse actually. So no worries there, stress at the most would cause her to hide more, but other shrimp shouldn't result in that.
The Shrimp Farm offered the best quality/experience/results for me over others and has quite the selection. I'd done some comparison reviews here in the past, I'd avoid an alliterative name place that has a bad track record historically. There's also /r/AquaSwap
It's also why you can boil an egg on a campfire in a paper cup. The top of the cup will burn down to the level of the water, but the rest stays fine.
The other option I like is charging last month as well. Then you don't have less to return at end, and are covered in case of eviction.
Soap.
Jesus. Immaculate conception the first time, not so much this time.
&gt; something wrong It's not exactly that, and there IS something wrong from a different perspective... Let me explain... &gt; Going out with people is exhausting. To an extrovert, staying in is exhausting, they are energized by going out; if they don't go out, they become drained and can't function, they need the stimulation or there will be "something wrong". So for them, there IS something wrong if they don't care for themselves and go out, rather than harming themselves from isolation. That is the nature/difference, introverts are restored by alone-time, whereas extroverts are restored by crowds. So extroverts asking for your care is more reasonable as long as you don't harm yourself in aiding them (small doses, leave early, etc.)
Well there might be a rejection issue there when they respond that way, instead of just declining, explain, "I don't have the energy tonight although I'd love to spend time with you this weekend, but I've been exhausted by too many people at work/whatever". People react to what they are presented with.
"Thanks." or "Aw, thanks" might be an easier transition from your natural "nahhh".
Different landlord weigh different aspects differently. Many of my prospects have lousy credit, so references matter to me more. Others prioritize credit.
Some places award double damages for security deposit abuse, to try to minimize lousy folks giving us all bad names. The catch is having proof/documentation/evidence supporting your position.
Hmm, did you get blue stock from different sources?
Oooo, this'll be one I remember then mention in the future and folk'll ask about it and I won't find this post again! LOL Cool/funny to get one with those genetics instead of the blue mutation (that might want to cull/separate so it doesn't breed with others and lose the blue down the line).
Here's one not alcohol/drug related, tenant divorced from wife, bails on property without responding to landlord or court expecting to move out of state so cuts ties, ends up with eviction record and in debt. Now can't rent, is living on the street.
Being honest earlier lets you not waste time and doesn't waste the time of others. If you hide and lie, then when it's discovered later there are worse repercussions. If you divulge up front, and discover issue, then you can move on before investing. Also actions speak louder than words, the type of tenant who deceives initially is likely to lie and deceive with other things too.
Initial pest sounds like tenant agreed to cover/handle, only were it to become structural would owner become involved it sounds like. As tenant, I'd inform landlord of issue, steps to remedy to satisfy what I committed to. If the landlord wants more, that's up to them then.
Natural emotions, "Love, Grief , Fear, Envy, and Anger". Guilt is taught as a form of manipulation using love to abuse. "If you love me, you would do something against your will." It's not related to compassion really it's perverting it to another use, the abuser tries to train the subject who does care to respond how they wish. Instead a more appropriate response is anger, pointing out the unhealthy effort to manipulate via guilt. Regardless in a professional business environment emotions may interfere with decisions and business operation, rather than functioning objectively. We see that here all the time. In this case, the subject is even having an emotional response that isn't in reaction to the other person, but generated solely on their own! That's not reasonable or "caring", as the other might benefit from the change and welcome it. The other catch with a lack of compassion accusation, is caring for whom/what? Caring for oneself? Caring for a stranger? Caring for the property? As a professional manager these are all considerations that need be prioritized. Here though the reaction is based on a concept, not the self, other or property, just an imagining. I'd not conflate guilt with care were I you, that might lead to inadvertently harming oneself and those dear to you from reacting in potentially costlier ways.
Condolences, no Farce-book here, I don't get the reference, he's known for using peoples' private info, and the company does the same to profit, but unsure how that relates to the discussion?
Friend moves this way, she did CO to MA most recently, pics/vids to see, but watch out for overage in payment, be sure to ask bank how long to clear any payment, don't accept money order, set clear expectations for prospect.
Reminds me of the line, "death removes the senses by which we perceive existence".
Two things, instead of boxing based on size, weight. A big box that can't be picked up or fails is no good. Pros use standard sized boxes, which load into the truck evenly, instead of needing someone waste hours jigsaw puzzling stuff in.
Time, when a fully grown female molts, she releases hormones for guys to "get her", after impregnation, becomes berried. But you don't want that if you are putting predators in the tank to eat them, that'd be horrible! :-( You'd want a separate tank. Also having predators in the same water as prey that can sense them will stress them and cause different behaviors, so might impede procreation too.
Won't the substrate just buffer it back down? Fluctuating is a killer. You'll also be using up the substrate's buffering capacity (acidity) faster. It's rarely good to chase numbers. Perhaps change shrimp species to the lower pH loving types?
&gt; Perhaps change shrimp species... Or I guess could change the substrate?
There's a reason for the "no pets", many of those relate to dogs, in my case an old insurance we had didn't cover dogs. Dog bites are incredibly common. When he said "small" he probably was referring to gerbils or hamsters or a snake or similar, not a cat or dog. Maybe it's just about barking and a cat would be ok. But the only one who knows his motivation is him, so ask him for the reason. Then you can figure out if your priority is moving to a more suitable place for your needs is a better option.
Dog bites are one of the most common issues, be *sure* your insured for your breed before you bring tenants near your property. I'd not want to subject my animal to who knows what other training they had animal, nor risk my guests to their choices. What are your yard sharing policies? If you allow critters, then yard will be expected, and do you want to clean up after their elephant regularly?
Plants aren't needed at all really, they're just nice to look at. As long as the quarantine tank has a cycling filter, no worries. (And no fish of course.)
So there's a misconception here, they aren't humans, they don't need minerals in food in the same way. They DO need the right minerals/salts in the water. No they aren't a salt-water species, but you can consider them akin to that. They need calcium carbonate and magnesium in the water column, not having the right amounts results in molting issues/deaths as you noted. Tissue osmosis is also affected, which is obviously critical around molting. They predominantly eat algae. If your tank lacks algae, algae wafers or similar are necessary. Beyond that is mostly for the entertainment of the caregiver. Which brings us to the big issue. Fluval Stratum is a buffering substrate. IE, its acidic to lower the pH. What is the pH of your water normally? What is the pH after you remineralize it? What motivated you to get a buffering substrate? Such is typically used for low pH/low mineral species. Not higher pH and mineral Neocaridina. At issue is calcium carbonate dissolves in acid readily. In other words, it causes pH to rise and it gets reduced. This is generally helpful as it buffers the pH, causing it to remain steady (lower pH means more dissolves essentially, higher pH/less acidity means less dissolves, so it remains balanced). The problem is if you put a substrate that is trying to always lower the pH, with a substance that is trying to raise it, you will wear out the buffering capacity of your substrate faster and have issues trying to maintain a healthy amount of calcium carbonate for your shrimp! If your starting tapwater had a pH of 9 or something, then there's be reason to use a buffering substrate. Or if you were keeping a different type of shrimp that need fewer minerals and lower pH. &gt; One molted 24 hrs in, I'm assuming from the change in water Shrimp molt based on hormones over time, about once every 28 days/lunar cycle/tides/etc. That shrimp likely molted a bit less than a month ago, and will again in about four weeks regardless of water changes. (For example, if you change water tomorrow, it can't molt, as it has barely hardened the current shell!)
*tilts head What do you consider a lot? How many shrimp in what volume of water? How oxygen saturated? If by "a lot" you mean more than typically provided by atmospheric gas exchange with water, obviously not, as we all keep shrimp with the typical amount of oxygen. The key is to have a filter outlet or aeration that breaks the surface tension of the water allowing for gas exchange. If there's an unbroken protein film/scum floating on the surface blocking gas exchange, that would be a problem. That said, a small amount of shrimp in a large volume of water with no plants would take quite a while to use up the available O2. Plants contribute to bioload, and uptake oxygen at rest/in dark, so they can contribute to depleting it too. So, no, shrimp don't need "a lot", but their oxygen needs must be taken care of. Note, filter bacteria need oxygen too, and can die if without--I've read 15 minutes as a guideline of when die off begins.
Microwave ice cream. Just about five seconds, not until liquid, just like soft serve. Saves time versus stirring it to warm/soften it which is more ideal.
Theme-wise the belt doesn't provide the magical energy to shield you (it's just capacity), that comes from shards, so swapping belts would leave you as vulnerable and be a waste of time. It'd also be too OP so hopefully doesn't ruin the balance.
"Aging is inevitable, maturing is **OPTIONAL!!**"
Never make a choice predicated by race, that is the definition of racism, that people should be treated differently and is not just illegal but unethical and immoral. Treat everyone the same, as human. *sigh Treat folks how you'd want to be treated, fairly.
So they'll keep our descendants in farms and eat the eggs we produce, use our male offspring for protein meal, grow some of us for food, others as pets? Then some'll get ideas that it's bad and pay extra for free range for us.
I'm more Neo aware so would suggest researching Caradina ranges/care info.
Mine happily lived in that range. I've also seen multiple Youtubers have them down much lower, as well as someone in the southern US have them overwinter in a backyard pond which iced over briefly. An issue is when it gets around that high, they might not breed as much. Ideally though there'd be a shade barrier to minimize the extreme fluctuation.
My SO is, it comes up most often in sunsets and clothing colors. Instead of just seeing pink in the eve sky, there'll be yellow or orange too that others can't perceive. Articles of clothing instead of just appearing grey might appear olive. In a color test, she'll perceive differences in reds that the rest of us can't.
Which is good as it's more opaque/hazy than we can perceive, enabling us to see farther; our blue receptors only register half compared to red/green, hence bright blue is harder to achieve and in things like x-mas light strand blue often appears darker.
&gt; I want to x, but scared... Which is stronger, your desire or your fear? Note, others are too busy worrying about themselves and having their own self-conscious fears. I recently radically changed my hair/look just to disrupt any vanity I might've had surrounding it. Hair is temporary, wigs even more so, do what you want, life's too short to not do something because of your own perception getting in the way.
Is it related to flow, the edges of the dish preventing them from tasting/sensing the food there? Might another spot with greater flow change it? Is it the same spot your "just drop their fav" happens?
Interesting.
I'm more a fan of simulating the natural cycle as much as possible. Also if you have plants, they are healthier if they can rest in the dark (when they actually uptake oxygen and restore some processes). I generally would run a light four hours, then fifteen to half an hour off to simulate that midday tropical storm passing and interfere with algae growth, then another four hours on or so.
Grieve. Everything you describe is normal. The next few days will be the worst I'm afraid. I'm sorry. But it will get better. Let yourself cry, be angry, expect to be lonely, all the miserable things. Things you can do to help, be sure to eat as healthily as you can. Enable good sleep. Keep to routine. Do call your Mom, not just twice a week, but as needed, and other people too. When I'm grieving, I rotate through friends I call. It's one thing we don't do well in modern society, teach how to cope with loss. You will get through this, you will persevere, each day will be a tiny bit better, like a roller coaster you are at the very bottom, but each day there'll be a moment of lighter mood, which will get higher/longer as time goes on. Grieving is a gradual process. If you do end up speaking at his memorial, folks there will want to learn more about the man they cared for, and you knew him from a different perspective, feel free to share a funny anecdote or sincere one, something that showed a side of him others might not have gotten to see. Even expressing how tragic that he was out on a mission to care for you when it happened folks will commiserate with. Note also, if you don't speak, or can't, that is OK too, going up to speak, breaking down in tears, being unable to get words out, and leaving is also a powerful emotional message folks will commiserate with. There is NO pressure or expectation, other than expecting grief. *hugs
Plants rest/recuperate in the dark/at night, they actually uptake oxygen then to restore themselves!
For folks with GloFish.
Darkness for nighttime's better, especially if you have plants which need to rest (and actually uptake oxygen in dark to restore).
NRA has the best safety training completely separate from the political org. Search out an instructor near you who will provide safety info, licensing info, guidelines for laws in your area, and hands on practice. Have an idea *why* you want to purchase it, for target shooting? For personal protection? For other reasons? We did the course with friends. You might be surprised how many you know already own or are curious and how many want to retake a safety course. Sure automobiles are the most deadly thing we interact with on a regular basis, and kill thousands each year, but we can take precautions and enact best practices to keep cars safer.
Less than a month from when she became berried (they hatch a few days before the next molt, and those come about every 28 days/lunar/tidal cycle). If you can see tiny black dots (eyes) then it's a matter of days 'till hatch. PS: To be pedantic, not "preggo" since no uterus and the eggs are exterior to her body, typically called "berried" since that's what they look like.
No way of knowing until you see eyes (if you do) I'm afraid.
Bluejeans?
Better might be buying an hour of time from a tax accountant, who has experience and can address personal questions. One I met with pointed at my Palm Pilot device (back in the day) and said, "You keep property notes on that?" "Yes." "Depreciate." I never would've considered such and if he didn't see me take it out to make notes, he wouldn't have suggested it. Another source is the actual irs Sched. E form which has lines for various categories. The instructions for same provide more details. Depreciation is more complicated to sort out yourself, as it requires separate accounting worksheets/methods. But once an accountant sets it up for you, it can be carried forward future years no biggy. Generally speaking if you own it, it gets depreciated over time (house, new roof, water heater), if it's a repair it gets deducted, business costs/maintenance/utilities/insurance/property taxes/mortgage/mileage travel get deducted.
It doesn't work that way. Shrimp molt based on hormones, which comes about every 28 days/lunar cycle/tides, same as human females. A shrimp that has just molted doesn't molt again just because you did a water change. And they don't molt daily in tanks that get daily water changes! :-) Berried shrimp carry the eggs about three weeks or so, a few days shy of their next molt, when they'll release hormones for guys to "get them" again and repeat the process. Also, most colonies have berried shrimp in the colony at all times, you can't wait forever to do a water change, since you need to do one this weekend to keep the water clean/healthy (or your shrimp suffer toxicity and don't grow well and have other issues). The best thing you can do for them is a water change, if you haven't this weekend yet, now's the time! ;-)
Memory's tied to amount of emotion (and estrogen levels and other stuff), so that funny stuff sticks better than the drier facts.
Having done stuff like that, others were more pleased than I was, I was just glad it was over.
Having helped folks scared of heights rock-climb and rappel, you probably can, some get an adrenaline rush and enjoy it, others acclimate. One friend was fine until we stopped for lunch on a big ledge (wider than a car) when we were unhooked from ropes, freaked him out.
Set them up, play normally to start, then bluff like crazy several hands, folding the good hands when signs "point" otherwise, then return to playing the hands, use what they'll assume's a subconscious tell to your advantage!
http://i.imgur.com/SWmdb05.gifv
Pfft, I've heard of Google, and Reddit, and Youtube, but damned if I could find it again, from all the search terms I kept trying, but finally, sure enough, woulda' helped if I'd remember it was lifting a shell not a leaf, and was in InterestingAsFuck not NatureIsMetal (searching all Reddit was too much false positives, Google has become so less useful in recent times).
Landlord. Part accountant, part attorney, part plumber, part painter, part social worker, part helpline, part too much to remember, all with a significant lack of appreciation (there are rare gems who DO appreciate)... Can be lousy pay or losing proposition for many, decent money for others, typically it's people who don't need more money who are making better. Same ol' stuff day in, day out. Never paint anything new, just something you've painted before. Smells... Kids... Adults who act like kids... Folks who don't understand contracts/laws... Basically pick the bad aspects of several of these top comments and roll them all into one job. That said, many aspects are temporary, there's often a break before they're repeated.
Two considerations, first is perspective, understanding that everyone regardless of gender, sexuality, or the lack thereof should be treated equally, fairly, and not discriminated against. Second is an issue of subconscious bias and shared communal experience, some might suggest not having been subjected to life experiences that you're ignorant of leaves you less able to understand stuff you have no knowledge of. So the question becomes why? Why does it matter? Artificial constructs limiting people is a foundation to the problem to begin with ironically. Rather than focus on google labels and trying to categorize, I'd focus on purpose instead. Don't loose sight of the goal due to distractions.
Except you haven't used up your energy for it then yet. Remember in this model the belt doesn't provide the shield, just gives your energy shield form/function.
I'm fortunate with my number so far, but get mailings regularly. (New England)
I successfully used Kosher salt FYI (just important to not use table salt with iodine or other varieties of table salt especially sea salts that can have metals).
Seconding that reply, mine would vary a bit less than that no problem (at a higher range), but remember in the wild they are subject to that too.
The best part to me is they eat biofilm--essentially microscopic bacteria, bridging the microcosm and macrocosm. It's not as extreme as whales surviving on plankton, but pretty cool.
Check the video from our sidebar getting started section on cycling: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pr3Y5dDHsU She uses more stuff than needed (breeder) but is succinct/clear. You'll want a freshwater liquid test kit, also KH/GH test kit to know what type of shrimp your water is healthy for or if it needs more calcium carbonate and magnesium to support them. The freshwater test kit measures pH, ammonia, nitrites and nitrates, which you'll understand after seeing the video on getting your filter cycling. Different types of shrimp need different amounts of calcium carbonate (KH, "karbonate" from the German) and magnesium (GH, general hardness, encompasses more than just calcium and magnesium).
First, condolences you're in the situation. Then don't worry about being a bother, folks want to help, some help is extreme, some is less so, which is better before it gets worse! Or as a paramedic said, every call he hopes it's nothing more than a twisted ankle, rather than deadly car crash. The people who can help you improve your situation are there, and want to provide the resources they have for you. That's *why* they're there. They also know where/when to turn for more serious situations, or how to help less serious, seek their guidance rather than making assumptions, they're the experienced experts, you're distraught and facing upheaval to improve, which is stressful and impedes clear thought. Please take care!
Sweet! :-)
I would do it right after the lights came on and startled them from the top. Then I'd life the plants and shake 'em a bit over the tank, so any stragglers would drop off both from the air exposure as well as the movement. Finally I'd put the removed plants in a clean bucket with tank water in it. That way if any DID hang on, they might be recovered from the bucket and returned to the tank. I never had stragglers in the bucket, but someone else who did this here did report back they did find some in the bucket after pulling the plants from that.
