I said *"hope", didn't I?
It's the best decision for him and his family, I'm not mad at him for it. 2020 actually has a lot of promise, sort of. As our 2016/2017 draft class will be gone, we will have plenty of space. There are a lot of RFAs that the Suns can try to force matches on. Beyond the obvious Jamal Murray/Ben Simmons, there's Malik Beasleys and Dejounte Murrays. Or we can give a one year giant deal to Lowry or Gasol or Goran or FVV (FVV might be worth a longer deal actually). Get better, and then go into 2021 with tons of cap space still as Mikal/Ayton will still be on their rookie contract. That's Giannis, Gobert (can you imagine the frontcourt), Beal.
I like Ty. He's the player I've watched the most out of all the NBA draft prospects, simply because I liked watching him. He's got a very aesthetically pleasing game. He can shoot. I wanted the Suns to get him (at 32, but then he jumped up a lot early on because all the non Zion freshmen were not so good). I'm not upset about that transaction, though I'm left slightly confused about the Baynes part. He's also appears to be stuck in molasses. He's very, very slow and can't jump. I think he does a good job of getting his man on his hip and judging the defensive rotation as they move over. I would worry about whether more athletic bigs like Mitchell Robinson would simply block his floaters/layups. But another player I liked, Jalen Brunsen, was effective despite not being a great athlete. So there's some recent historical evidence of a similar player being effective.
Think he just did that so we couldn't trade him on draft day. As far as free agency, I suppose it's just personal preference, but every time? Even the long shots like Murray/Ingram/Simmons? Ben Simmons just destroyed Dlo in the playoffs (obviously they'd match). I also think fitting a need isn't important for a 19 win team. Got a lot of need, plenty of need to go around. It's worth remembering that Dlo/Brogdon/etc, if they make the playoffs, will have to be better than Ben Simmons/Embiid and similarly talented players. I just think Dlo is very overrated due to his friendship with Booker. He's not efficient and a bad defender. An injury replacement all star in the East is different than one in the west. Caris Levert started the year as the primary option, until he got injured against us, and I still think he's a better player. I like his fit with Booker, as both can be primary ball handlers with size.
Wings are always valuable, unless they were drafted by your predecessor in which case they're worthless trash and we need to use picks to dump them. Sorry tangent. Signing Oubre to four years doesn't make Mikal extra or never a starter. Will Barton signed a long deal with Denver, it doesn't mean that he's a starter for the whole time. Same with Dinwiddie, Harrell. Teams often sign players who aren't going to always be starters. Benches aren't exclusively made up of rookies and vet minimums.
Not exactly. His option was declined. So now he has a cap hold, but no one is counting that in their projections. Same with Troy Daniels, who also has a cap hold.
This obsequious rush to defend the Warren trade is unbecoming. This is not the most patient front office. There is almost nobody outside of Suns fans after the fact defending that trade, and most do not. Remember this is a front office, who traded for Dillon Brooks, didn't get him, and minutes later changed the trade to get another player entirely. That doesn't sound like a team with careful planning nor one that does a lot of due diligence.
Black Jason Kapono
Brogdon is also an RFA. The difference between him and the 2020 class is we don't have to give up a top 7 (generously top 10) pick or stretch Tyler Johnson to get 2020 free agents. That and the 2020 RFAs are better (Levert, Simmons, Murray, etc.) Most of them would be matched, yeah. But sometimes they aren't. Teams like Phoenix can make life difficult by offering Otto Porter type deals that other teams have to match because of their circumstances. Jamal Murray isn't a PG? Dejounte Murray isn't a PG? Even if they strike out on RFAs, the one year stopgap options are also pretty good. Lowry, Goran will be free agents. Then we can try for Giannis or Beal in 2021.
What's an even more ridiculous statement: the Suns* should pay Malcolm Brogdon what the Bucks pay Giannis or the Suns should go after Giannis. We still have to beat other teams. Paying that much for someone who is probably a role player is a good plan to raise our ceiling to the 11th seed every year. &gt; Next year FA has nearly no PGs so ones that'll be FA will get overpayed. Past tense of pay is paid. As if Murray doesn't play PG for Denver, that's just being obtuse. Also, we're talking about maxing Brogdon and Dlo, so overpaying is pretty much the discussion here too. &gt; This year is our shot No, it isnt. Because the team can take shots next year. And we can do so without trading, again, a top 7 pick to dump or stretch Tyler Johnson. People always say this is the year we need to make the playoffs. Every year, without fail. And every time we make short sighted moves, it takes us further and further away from winning now or in the future. Everyone is shouting "now now now now I want now." If Book can't win more than 30 games with stopgap PG options, than he isn't good enough to build around in the first place. Tons of other players win 30 games with stopgap PGs, hell Dallas won 33 this year with Brunsen and half a year of Barea.
Well it's certainly less likely for Cam Johnson to improve his body than, say, Jalen Leque. Is that fair?
Not after we spent it on Aron Baynes 45 minutes later
Back at you. Bender, Chriss didn't work out so let's stop drafting young players. 25 year olds and above
As shooting is by far and away the thing for Johnson, I think of it as how great his shooting is. If he's a truly great shooter? Jason Kapono at the height of Kapono. Maybe even Korver. If he's only an above average shooter? Vladamir Radmonovic or Steve Novak.
Don't you mean &gt; Luke Weavah, Andy Young, Cahson Kelly
Still wish we could have traded for Markelle Fultz. Knicks are shopping Frank Ntlikina though. Trade them, film the whole thing, call it "Bust Swap", put it on NBA TV. EDIT: You guys really don't like Frank Ntilikina. I don't blame you, but he's not worse than Josh Jackson is, and doesn't have nearly the amount of drama.
FWIW, this happened years ago. Under a Lon Babby. *This front office, with its emphasis on shooting/older players/"low floor" players, probably wouldn't have picked Kawhi because he didn't have a good shot, went to a small California school (not big conference), and was 19 at the time of the draft. Which, at least, are mostly better reasons than sweat. We have current things to be worried about, I wouldn't give this that much thought.
Is this Tomas Satoransky? In that case, 2/20 with a 3rd year PO.
Yes we're not going to make the playoffs. That's very well established and is only going to change if Kawhi Leonard signs here. It's not out of the realm of possibility to win 33 games while being bad defensively. Eventually, Booker/Ayton are going to have to hold their own defensively. There aren't enough Draymond Greens to paper over their mistakes. If those two don't improve (Ayton especially) we're fucked. Ty Jerome isn't going to break us one way or the other.
Why should we look down on the Knicks again?
If you can get him on a team friendly, potentially three year deal nonguaranteed, than sure. He could be interesting yet. Really all depends on price and value, though it's worth noting the Suns don't seem to grasp the concept of value ATM. Good athlete. Had improved since entering the league.
It's very complicated. It's not just math. Remember that Silver and most of the important people in a CBA negotiation are lawyers. Lawyers do not write contracts for the laymen, they write contracts for other lawyers because that's who they'll have to contend with. Plain language also has the unintended consequence of vagueness, a no-no in contracts. So while it is complicated, it is done so to give teams/players maximum flexibility and earning potential.
&gt; THIS IS THE YEAR Every year has been the year for a decade now.
&gt; thrash ball hog I don't know that sounds pretty metal.
Yeah probably a bad idea. Two years is probably best.
The rare lose lose trade.
That's fine and dandy for this draft with athleticism and length concerns everywhere. But older players aren't less likely to bust just because they're older. Passing on young players for older ones as a rule? That's bad news. Look at 2011. Maybe you get lucky and get Jimmy Butler instead of Derrick Williams. But maybe you're passing on Kawhi (19) for Norris Cole (23)/Chris Singleton (22)/Jajua Johnson (22). Older players are just as much of a mixed bag as younger players. To say they're automatically good would be foolish.
That's also just not true. All players who haven't played in the NBA could not work out. I think that's really just misunderstanding what the draft is for. You can find specialists in free agency. Like Jamal Crawford (in years past) or Jason Kapono, etc. You know their skills translate because they already have. If you look up and down any previous draft, you'll find plenty of busts. The draft is a lot of unknowns, but it is one of the "easier" ways to get stars. Look at Booker. 18 year old. Projected as a shooter. That's what the draft provides that free agency can't. You can't get Devin Booker for 4M a year in free agency.
Nobody is drafted because they have no skills. Bol Bol isn't devoid of basketball skill. I'm just confused on why we're assuming that players with a specific single skill are less likely to bust than young players. Doug McDermott (22) went two spots above Zach Lavine (19). Rodney Hood (22) went two spots above Clint Capela (19). I kind of just think the whole "can't miss because they're older and/or have specialized skills" thing is silly. All sorts of players fail for all sorts of reasons. Kris Dunn was an old prospect, but he also couldn't fail because he was a defensive specialist. TLDR I would rather see the Suns draft based on who they think *can* be the best player in a few years. Not on who they think won't be terrible.
&gt; How has drafting who can be the best player worked out for us in recent years? We'll it's never going to work out with that attitude. I don't think wanting to avoid low outcomes is a reason to draft Cam Johnson. If James Jones wanted to avoid risk with the 11th pick, he should have traded it for Joe Harris. Not sure what he gets out of drafting someone who might be Joe Harris. No, they do have the same chance to bust. Kendall Marshall was a specialist. He busted. Davon Reed was a 3/D specialist and he busted. We would have never drafted Booker with this philosophy. Yes, we would have also never drafted Bender. But would Kris Dunn (the older specialist) have been that much better? I don't want to see the Suns pass on the slim chance of finding Giannis (again, probably not in this draft) so they can get Tony Snell or Solomon Hill. Its just a risk reward thing. The reward for finding Kawhi/Giannis/Booker in the draft is huge. The reward for finding Wayne Ellington/Joe Harris/Jason Kapono is less huge.
&gt; We’ve tried your philosophy the last 4 years and failed miserably We definitely didn't hire Hinkie three years ago ago and stripped the team for parts, but it's somewhat too late/early for that.
This sub simultaneously dismisses young players (even theoretical 2011 Kawhi) because they require player development, says good player development would never have saved our young players, and says the Suns player development now is really good under Monty. It's a little confusing.
Doug McDermott is basically white Cam Johnson. He's the best shooter in his draft. Zach Lavine is athletic but might not be a great shooter, passer. Rodney Hood was a 21 year old shooter at a big ACC school (Duke) who shot 42% from three. Capela was a international player who was very athletic. Your great philosophy has Rodney Hood/Doug McDermott above Lavine/Capela every time. I'm not even saying that's wrong at the time, but it eliminates the latter two entirely. I think any philosophy that outright disregards potential in a draft is crazy. These players are 19-23, you're not going to pick them because they aren't NBA rotation players from day one? Kevin Durant wasn't always Kevin Durant, it takes time. As if that's a reasonable ask for even Cam Johnson or Ty Jerome.
Ayton traded for Adams, a proven winner.
Then we should have traded the pick for Joe Harris or Wayne Ellington or Kyle Korver.
I don't think he's a good pairing with our own defensively deficient guard, but D'Lo was not voted in by fans. He was selected as an injury replacement for Oladipo. You could certainly argue that it's even worse, as he wasn't an all star but for the injury to Oladipo and selection by I believe Adam Silver. But he was not voted in by fans.
It actually has a sad way of making the Ryan Anderson trade atrocious. Johnson played 13 games for us. His guarantee is about 4-5M lower than Johnsons is. So by waiving Johnson, we essentially would have given up $5M for 13 games of Tyler Johnson. If we had only waived Ryan Anderson instead without stretching him, we'd have 18-19M in cap space instead of the 13-14 estimated now.
Jerry Colangelo selling to Sarver, already mentioned, is number one by far. This decade has to be Brandon Knight for the Lakers pick. Not matching Joe Johnson might be last decade's worse move.
Unsurprisingly, not many votes for Cam so far with 46 votes. Surprisingly? Zero votes for Grant Williams.
I'd believe it*
&gt; guess ppl don't care if booker wants out I wouldn't say I don't care if Booker wants out, actually. But I'm a fan of the Phoenix Suns, not the Phoenix Bookers. Players come and go all the time. It's a reality of being a bad team. Demarcus Cousins being traded is terrible until it's great.
Yes I would. Are you taking about 2013-14? Because I fucking hate that team. That team ruined the Suns and made us go into win now mode ever since. That team made us trade the Lakers pick for Knight. &gt; am not sure what this team is waiting on, stop gap players are gonna keep us under 30 wins You're discounting the idea that Dlo might also keep us under 30 wins. If Booker is good enough to be the lead guy on a championship team, he and Ayton will win more than 30 games without Dlo. If he can't, then he isn't good enough to build around in the first place. If we can't get Kawhi Leonard in free agency (we can't), Dlo is not a comparable haul. In the playoffs, we'll never beat a team paying Kawhi the max when we pay Dlo the max.
Honestly? Nobody we could sign. The best hope we could have is a draft pick from a team wanting to dump 13M on us. Maybe that draft pick is the one that turns into Kawhi. Other than that? Can't see it. All I'm talking about is a tiny chance to get a great player versus eliminating that chance entirely.
I think first they drafted Curry.
You want to win at most 45-50 games? As our ceiling? That's the best case scenario and the peak? Not a fan.
No. But you're skipping over the Curry part, just like the Suns
Because we're terrible. Say Dlo adds 21 wins (a hell of a lot). What's the difference between that season and last season? Draft position in the lottery. Maybe an early playoff exit. If you belive almost nothing we do in free agency can lead to a championship team (I don't), then you can be picky too. It's more like optimistic nihilism, than pickiness.
&gt; I want to win now I do not like this phrase. This phrase has lead to the worst stretch in Suns basketball for years. We're this bad because of this phrase. We're now below the Pelicans or Hawks because of this phrase. I think there are two types of plans. Plans that have a tiny chance and plans that have no chance of working.
Go back in time and try tanking for once. Barring time travel, wait and see whether Booker/Ayton are actually capable of winning games. You'll notice that Dallas didn't lose 60 games. Neither did the Pelicans with 3/4 Anthony Davis. Or the Wizards without John Wall (who was their great PG last year?). Or the Hornets with Kemba and whatever. Or Minnesota with KAT, Wiggins, and Jeff Teague. Somehow, all these bad teams don't lose 60 games while we, with our supposedly great franchise players, do.
I don't blame players for wanting to win. I just don't associate that team with positive thoughts, because of what it lead to. But sure. I'll retract that and say I hate Ryan McDonough/Sarver for going all in on winning after that. That's fair. No, there's no magical solution. I don't know how you can hate tanking since the Suns have never tried it. The Suns are always bad on accident, not on purpose.
[Welp](https://sports.yahoo.com/amphtml/news/boston-celtics-won-2017-nba-draft-lottery-010526610.html) Edit sorry link
&gt; Why is everyone so afraid to trade the pick? If we end up with *Kevin Garnett AND Paul Pierce*, then the pick is worthless and we have a way better player than what we'd get? Uh huh.
They're actually pretty close in age. I don't have that strong opinions about Oubre, but I don't think we should compare them by their years of experience
I mean like what are the odds we get the *bad* one? It seems like anything from them is gold. EDIT: This should work out fine. Sounds good. Also Willie Green was a decent 76ers bench player back in the day. Fantasy waiver wire fav.
Suns also to ink David Lee as a defensive coach and recent Warrior Nick Young as life coach.
If a team with Dlo on a max can't make the playoffs in year one, then yes it's automatically a failure. Doncic won 33 games with Jalen Brunson and the ghost of Dirk. If we have to max Dlo (which would be our last big move we could do for the foreseeable future and can only win 35 games? We'll just never be able to beat Dallas in a series. If a second year Ayton, max Booker, and max Dlo are only as good as rookie Doncic and assorted garbage, then the roster would have failed. EDIT LOL downvote all you want but adding a max player "all star" and still missing the playoffs is a massive failure. We could have done that with Cory Joseph.
We would have about 18.5M instead of 14M. We can't get rid of Tyler for assets or by stretching him. That would be James Jones public admission of ineptitude. 4.5M for 13 games of Tyler Johnson.
If it's a Josh Jackson swap, not at all.
If D'Lo can't get us to the playoffs, then* he's not worth the max. We can miss the playoffs with Cory Joseph, it would be no different except we'd have cap space next year.
I think Melton and Okobo might be gone. Not because they're bad prospects, per se, but because of they do pan out James Jones will not get the credit.
Let me put it this way. If Dlo was good enough for a max contract (the maximum amount you can pay a player) his team would not be letting him go in restricted free agency. They're not against the tax. They're simply choosing to go with real max player candidates like Kyrie and Kawhi and KD. Dejounte and whatever RFAs are out there are possible candidates to be overpaid slightly, just not at the max. I'm not opposed to Dlo at like 16-18M. I'm opposed to him at 27.5M where we get into possible Wiggins territory (no defense, inefficient offense). At 18M he's in Lavine territory, though he's nowhere near as athletic.
It's a difference in philosophy and taste. I'm ambivalent towards building the next Blake Griffin Detroit Pistons or Kemba Walker Hornets. &gt; This team needs to start winning. This has been said every year since 2015 to the results you see before you.
We're not close enough to contention where the first few years of Horford is worth it. An oft forgotten aspect of the Millsap Nuggets thing is that Millsap missed most of the first year and will probably have his last year declined. Two big money years total. Horford is looking for four years.
&gt; and the pick wouldn't be a top 5-10 pick, we would be a playoff team with newly added DLo We're adding Kosta Koufos and Rajon Rondo! We won't have a top 5 pick in 2017 - Vlade Divac, on trading a first round pick SWAP in 17 and a pick in 2019 to dump salary.
Likely nobody. It's absolutely insane to trade the number one pick in order to get Thaddeus Young. Which could happen. If you wouldn't trade the number one pick for Thaddeus Young, than you shouldn't trade an unprotected pick for him.
Jesus christ has everyone lost their mind? We're giving up a possible number one pick for PJ Tucker? Or a lottery pick in general? Why shouldn't it just turn into seconds? Because if we're still in the lottery, than that trade wasn't worth it at all. Protecting picks to eventually be seconds protects against the worst outcomes (being bad AND giving up lottery picks). We're not talking about Anthony Davis/Kristaps Porzingis here, I don't think giving out lightly protected picks for a lottery team is a good idea.
Local radio ad, read by the sports station Gambo works for. She's a realtor
If he wants to be the next Shaq, this is probably on track actually. Shaq never showed up in shape to start a season.
If we can trade JJ for Frank Ntlikina, we can run a lineup of Frank, Melton, Mikal, RHJ, and Bender. Our offense would be 24 seconds of hot potato.
If it's for one season deal? And you trade one of them, say for instance Cory Joseph, to someone like Orlando for Mozgov's expiring at the deadline for a second? Obviously you'd hope for better than the three listed. Like Beverley on an Ariza deal. But considering how many bad, expiring 2016 contracts are lurking out there on contenders (Mason Plumlee, a third of Portlands roster, Hassan Whiteside, Mozgov, Biyombo, MKG/Marvin Williams, Gallinari if God forbid he's injured again). I think there could be some value gained in a one year deal. But maybe not necessarily for any of those three.
Get hype. Mudiay-ng gang. Get the point guard we should have traded Bledsoe for. https://www.slamonline.com/archives/nuggets-almost-trade-emmanuel-mudiay-pick-eric-bledsoe/ EDIT Can we also get that pick? Which was Donovan Mitchell lol kill me
Smarter teams have been burned by this mistake for better players. If you aren't willing to trade Zion Williamson for Young, than protect the pick. Otherwise, don't.
Yeah, they won 47* games. We won 19 games. *They won more than twice as many games as we I'd. Absolutely insane to compare our team to theirs *47 games, excuse me. The 2012-13 Warriors won 47 games, still more than twice as many games before they made those trades.
What like Ariza, Chandler, Dudley, Crawford, Barbosa, Quincy Acy? Like those culture changers? Oh the next ones will be different, right. They always are. The irony is that your desired moves bring us higher picks than the kind of moves that I want to see (I. E. The Brooklyn Nets before last season).
Not even Twitter verified... 80M is like 30M too much. That's an Allen Crabbe in the making.
Teams who are not the Suns can only offer four years
Kind of feels like being the nicest serial killer. Okay but that's missing the bigger picture.
KD, Steph, Klay, and Draymond is better. If you're cutting it off at three maybe, but Wade/LeBron/Bosh had young LeBron who did play defense.
How is Washington supposed to improve otherwise? They dumped all their future seconds away. They, like us, are on a different time frame.
If that's the difference than he's basically LeBron x4
It's something which is more than nothing. Only on this sub are draft picks and expiring contracts worthless.
I think that playmaking point guard could be about a dozen different players. Maybe even Ty Jerome, who I like a lot. I think the difference between Elfrid Payton and Russell is not the 30 wins (19 versus playoffs). I think it might be very, very small.
Yes, as we all know draft picks are the only thing in basketball that carries risk. Allen Crabbe, Mozgov, Faried, Demare Caroll, Tyson Chandler, Biyombo, MKG, Batum, etc etc etc all returned the expected value to their teams. Yup, only non sure thing in the NBA are draft picks.
You really think the difference between 19 wins and 49 is Russell? If Booker/Ayton are so bad they can't win as many games as Doncic did last year with Dirk/Wes Matthews/lazy DJ, than we have bigger problems than PG. That would make him basically MVP Steve Nash.
New ones are also super bland. Even blander, as the font is basically curled the same as every other team (Knicks, Celtics, Bulls, etc).
He's actually from West Virginia
Keeping it 100, is Booker even the third best player under 25? Or is that Giannis/Embiid/Simmons/KAT?
We don't need a PG. We already have five! But seriously, I hope we don't just cut Okobo/Melton. There's got to be some young wing player or young C that we can swap them for. Jones has been terrible at managing the Suns resources thus far. I think getting rid of two second year PGs for two rookie PGs just because they weren't "his guys" would be in line with the Kokoskov and TJ Warren stuff.
But why tho
A resurgence from JJ makes him Jeff Green. It would be nothing short of Jesus Christ's resurrection/Buddha not eating for a long time/whatever religious miracle you want for Josh to be an All Star. It would be a religion starting miracle. That's how unlikely it is.
Everyone's a FA now. This is actually a good move even if he comes back. We only signed him to a two year bc we were over the cap. Now that we're under, we can sign minimum (very close to anyway, not literally min) deals for four years. The Hinkie Special.
Would rather keep the younger Bender. I like my fourth overall picks without irresponsible unprotected sex, self awareness that they need to improve, and no arrest record. Bender also now has a fellow Croat in Saric. JJ doesn't have a fellow OJ Mayo/Jason Kidd/Shawn Kemp type on the team.
Obviously KD isn't looking our way. I'm not opposed to 18M Dlo, I'm opposed to max Dlo. Let me explain my max Dlo opposition. There are Tier A players like KD. They get Tier A pay, the max. There are Tier C players like Rubio. They get Tier C pay. There are tier C/D players like Cory Joseph. They get Tier C/D pay depending on the timing and who else has signed. Then there are tier B players like Dlo. They should get Tier B pay. Not Tier A pay. That's how you get a Wiggins/Barnes/Porter/Adams situation going. That's bad. It never works out.
Elfrid Payton becomes a triple double machine every March
Probably appreciates Trump normalizing father daughter relations
Stupid is driving into a crowded dog park because you were texting. Republicans are driving over dogs because they bark at them during their morning jog. Not really stupid when it's benefits them.
This certainly makes the 2020 free agent market better.
Oh you mean like Ricky Rubio, starter of 11 playoff games in the past two years?
Dedmon isn't dead money just yet. I think there is a team or two that still views him positively. He has been bad, but has not played a lot.
More midrange jumpers, Ayton must've wanted to give LeBron his triple double
Suns would be fucking idiots to give up a potential #1 pick for two months of Gallinari
No, it wouldn't be. We'd still be exactly where we are right now. We would balk at Minnesota doing this.
Are we going to pretend that TJ Warren isn't playing for a winning team right now?
That sounds good, hope he's right.
That's Pasaana, not Kimiji. Kimiji is the Keri Russell planet. It was definitely a confusing movie
Or put it in a Galaxys Edge ride. Got major Star Tours vibes
No, it was a movie. A bad movie. Until copies are thrown in the trash, it is not literal garbage.
Well that was the best thing Ayton's done all season.
TC is right. It's quite impressive how committed we are to not rebounding despite starting 500+ pounds of people at PF/C
This team is healthy and is currently playing a close game with the Knicks. The Knicks aren't as terrible as they were earlier, but I don't see anything here worth trying to add a Gallinari to. There shouldn't be a rush to do anything. The eight seed shouldn't be that important. If they make it great. But we're probably the most trade asset poor team in our record range. Probably not a good idea to dig that hole deeper.
Very early on. I'm saying we're right where the Knicks are. The Knicks are talking about selling on Morris/Gibson/etc. Not trying to trade for Drummond. That's where the Suns should be, sellers on peripheral role players.
Well the Northern Arizona Suns won today Improved to 4-16
We can. We perhaps shouldn't but we definitely can lose it.
Did Randle just jump kick Baynes
Maybe they're shopping him and are expecting to trade him. It would make sense that they're trying to try lineups in anticipation that he won't be here.
All things that happened after Trump breached the agreement. But you know that. You simply want Trump to win and are happy to trade dead bodies for an increase in poll numbers.
Because he's an unrestricted free agent and wanted to be traded to a contender as recently as June 2019. And the Suns are 14-21. He has a lot of value to teams as a strong backup C. Like a Steven Adams who doesn't make $29M and shoots 3s. It's just about being realistic. The rebuild isn't over. If we can get a decent haul for him, then we should do it. The next Suns championship team probably won't have Baynes on it.
Is that a possibly released Dragan Bender's music? 🎶
I would like to see the Suns trade Aron Baynes and Dario Saric for draft assets or young players, preferably draft assets. The next five games don't change where we are in our rebuild. Look at OKC. They traded away their two best players, both All Stars. And look where they are now, well ahead of us in the 7 spot. Memphis did the same and is right next to us in the standings. The Suns should be able to win games without Baynes or Saric or Gallinari. The eight seed is not as important as the next five years. That's what we should be building toward, not instant gratification at the expense of long term success. We should also use our second two way slot. The Suns are the only team not to sign at least two players on two way contracts. We should also have Okobo/Jerome assigned to the Gleague more often. And possibly pick up players dropped on nonguaranteed contracts, like possibly former Suns Shaq Harrison and Dragan Bender.
If long term development does is not our bag, then we can pack up and close Talking Stick Resort Arena. There's no other choice for small market teams. This isn't LA. We're not getting a superstar free agent like LeBron, which is what we need to win a championship. I am not actually sure that we would win games. I am saying that we should be able to be 14-21 (a bad team record) without the likes of Baynes/Saric/Gallo. 14-21 is the record of a bad team. If that makes the playoffs, awesome. But we shouldn't rush toward short term success based on a 14-21 start. That's crazy. We should be in the same boat as Memphis, not Portland/San Antonio. The Gleague stuff matters. Ask Miami how last year's two way player Duncan Robinson is working out or Denver's Monte Morris. We're not competing for Anthony Davis or LeBron James. But we're not even trying to compete for role players either. 2nd round picks have value. They can get teams TJ Warren, after all. And they can become good players. If we're not good at drafting, the logical thing to do is get better scouts. Not stop drafting or signing young players. That's ridiculous and will only hasten a Booker trade demand; a team of Tyson Chandlers and Jamal Crawfords is not an improvement over a team of Ulises and Benders. Playoff experience as an eight seed doesn't actually matter. The eight seed isn't usually the first step toward competing for a championship. It's just not important. It didn't change anything for the young Pelicans in 2015. It didn't change anything for the Timberwolves a few years ago. Oftentimes, the eight seed is a team on the decline like Houston with Dwight or Portland with Batum/Aldridge. The Timberwolves were the eight seed two years ago. Hasn't gotten them much, despite going all in on doing it. Imagine if Jimmy Butler just left in free agency, which would be closer to the scenario here. And who's to say that whatever we pick up won't be as good as Baynes/Saric? We know how good they are. As starters, they're about 14-21 (probably better off the bench). Could other players be worse? Yes, but they could also be better. Age does not equal effectiveness.
I'd say no like a thousand times Three months of Gallinari for Bridges and a second? Best case scenario, the right to max a defensively challenged PF on the wrong side of 30? Sounds like a Chandler Parsons waiting to happen.
Portis isn't good enough to warrant a move other than Johnson straight up. We're still 14-21. We don't need to do anything drastic. We would clown the Wizards for trading assets for Portis/DSJ. We're basically on that level right now. It's not like we're Portland or LAC or Philly, capped out and desperate to compete now. We've got young players on mostly rookie deals. Plenty of space next year and possibly the year after. There shouldn't be a rush to do anything in the short term. Our answer at PF isn't going to be Portis, or likely anything thst teams willingly trade for Tyler Johnson. Remember, the other team has to want to get rid of ☓ player for some reason. With Oubre, it was because he was going to get expensive and was a polarizing player. With Payton, it was because he wasn't very good. We're probably going to have to wait until free agency or the draft.
I think this is right. Sam Presti isn't concerned with the eight seed. He has bigger goals in mind, and those don't really require Gallinari.
Perhaps we just forgot and are too stubborn to admit we forgot. Better to not sign anyone at all, so we can claim it is a strategy. Like when we cut a combo guard in December after trading for him, waited three months, then traded $5M in cap space this year for a slightly worse combo guard.
Austin Rivers, who is slightly better than Tyler Johnson
Ryan Anderson reduced his guarantee to $15.6M, the same as Brandon Knight. https://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/miami-heat/fl-sp-miami-heat-tyler-johnson-s20190206-story.html
Who knows. Rivers himself said he would've been professional about it, but neither party wanted him in Phoenix. But Tyler Johnson didn't want to be traded here either. He was probably about as enthusiastic to play for a terrible team as Rivers was. And yet we did not cut him, because we were even more desperate at the time due to having 20M in dead money and no way to get a PG. https://www.azcentral.com/story/sports/nba/suns/2019/02/04/rockets-austin-rivers-explains-why-he-didnt-join-suns/2770547002/
Sure but Leia was captured and forced into slave bikinis. Not exactly a great time. It might have been more satisfying (and less groan worthy, for me at least) to have her go to Jakku instead. Make it about Rey, not about the OT/fans. She could visit the places where we first saw her. Enter her ATAT house and feel the scratches on the wall. Have her reflect on the person she was, who she made herself into. Reconcile her time waiting with what she knows about her parents now. We could see how small and humble her start is, and compare that to the woman she ended up becoming. It would have at least been about Rey, and not about us.
If they did, they could practically re-release Solo as an entirely different movie.
Or it was well praised by the people Rian Johnson makes movies for. If you want an example of what a movie made for fans looks like, it's this film. It has nothing to say but "remember Star Wars?" remember when Chewie didn't get a medal? Remember the Death Star? Now it's 10000 death stars, such stakes! It's only a finger in the eye if you wanted Luke to force crush all the ATATs and be One Punch Jedi with Jesus like personality. People who like films and stories more than Star Wars lore or world building were not upset. There really wasn't an explanation for Luke hiding for all of TFA that would have made fans happy. JJ put Luke in hiding on an island because he needed Empire: OSX Lion to rise up without explaining why Luke didn't stop them.
Gallo, the most popular one, isn't young. He's about as old as Tyson Chandler when we signed him. Older players aren't better. Better players are better. Ariza sucked. Crawford sucked. You know who didn't suck? Derrick Jones Jr. But we cut him for a veteran Mike James, because we needed am older PG. Wanting to trade for win now players is the exact same mentality that got us in this mess. Trading the Lakers pick for Brandon Knight instead of waiting and using the Lakers pick. Cutting DJJ for Mike James. Heck, just this summer we cut a bunch of young players for older ones. Memphis did the complete opposite, getting older players as salary dumps and extra draft picks. They're about as good as we are. They tanked, we went all in on winning now, and we have the same record.
Hopefully the Suns are focused on the long term instead of the short term. Gallo and Love are short sighted moves, the likes of which have crippled the Suns in the last 10 years. Saric for Zhaire Smith Saric for Dsanan Musa/Rodion Kurucs Saric/Okobo for Kris Dunn Baynes for Ivica Zubac Baynes for DJ Wilson Baynes/Kaminsky for Nene/Hartenstein/2 2nd
Can't do that, the next game is more important than the next five years. /s
Kuzma is Michael Beasley with blond hair. No
I don't know that Rubio was referring to Tyler Johnson when he talked about agents telling players to shoot more But it was definitely Tyler Johnson
We'd probably miss the twos as well, since they might decide to play defense against those
He hasn't even attempted to get position for offensive rebounds in the second quarter Doing so would mean not calling for a post up on the block
Nash averaged three points a game his rookie year. If he were the number one pick over Allen Iverson, you should have booed him
Yes but completely by accident We're relying solely on the ineptitude of Portland/San Antonio
This team isn't good enough to make the playoffs. We're currently losing to a team that is actively tanking. They literally traded cap space for Iguodala/pick, knowing that Iguodala would never play a game for them. That's how good this win now team, trading firsts for Baynes, is doing. It's not working.
Haven't you heard Kyle Lowry wasn't good until he was 28, we have to wait 9 years Except we didn't for Bender or Chriss or anyone else
Don't worry, once we trade all our picks for Gallinari we'll be A OK
Well at least the Mercury win games and championships The Suns are happy just to not be as bad as the Knicks
That's ridiculous as far as Saric goes He's still making rookie money and is a 4 who can handle the ball and shoot a little. He's like discount Nikola Mirotic. Teams trade for players like him all the time, especially around the deadline. Mike Muscala for instance.
They're tanking They traded their best player in franchise history for picks and Grayson Allen
It is what it is Suns aren't better than a tanking Grizzlies team, hopefully they learn their lesson about raising the floor nonsense
They're fucking tanking They traded their two best players in franchise history in less than one year
I'm sorry did they not trade their two best players in franchise history in the last year? They traded cap space for a player who hasn't set foot in the city. And are still keeping him on the roster.
Free throw rate of zero 0 free throws, 14 shot attempts. But he's so dominant.
What would the point be? He's not going to back anyone down. He gets pushed out by Kyle Kuzma. If it's going to be a midrange jumper, which it will be, it might as well be an open one.
It'd be like if we traded Booker/Rubio/Ayton for picks And were still better than a lot of teams
No, tanking is a way of rebuilding. The Suns have never tried that. We take shortcuts and try to win now, like trading first round picks for Aron Baynes.
He shouldn't be fired, but he's not anywhere close to the top candidates for CoY He's maybe like 14-22 for CoY. Average. We're 14-22 with veteran players in the lineups. Baynes, Rubio, Saric, Kaminsky, heck Booker/Oubre are is in their fifth year. He hasn't elevated us, but he's not holding our potential back either.
There would be no point to it, all we'd do is give them a top 10 pick for the privilege of missing the playoffs anyway and losing Gallinari in free agency
He's not even Steven Adams, let alone Anthony Davis
It's frankly absurd. The only reason we're talking about it is because Portland can't get healthy, Zion hasn't played a game, KAT hasn't played since mid December, Sacramentos front office is somehow worse than ours, and San Antonio can't get their shit together. If not for the comedy of errors that is the west eight seed right now, we wouldn't even be near it despite trading three draft picks last year to upgrade the roster. EDIT Trading picks for upgrading the roster is supposed to make you better than teams that do the literal opposite of that.
We could get Joakim Noah right now I think that sort of player could be a good idea, but not via trade. the only way we get good stuff for Saric is if we get a worse player back, like a young player like Zhaire Smith or garbage like Troy Daniels/pick.
People don't like to hear that, they only care about the now It's a problem with society overall really
Trying to speed up the process hasn't worked. One often meets their destiny on the road they took to avoid it. Trying to win now, trading picks to win now, has failed again and again and again. Our short term moves also result in losing. The choice this season is to lose with no future assets or lose with additional young players/assets.
They didn't really overturn it. Roberts cited it for the Muslim ban case as something that Trump was not doing Even though it was the same thing, and he's just lying to try to differentiate Korematsu from the Muslim ban
Not D'Lo KAT yes, obviously. KAT is great. But if the Lakers trade a ton of stuff for AD, and we trade a similar haul for D'Lo, we're always going to lose to the Lakers. If we make win now trades they should be for real difference makers. Like future All NBA players, first team.* Makes our backcourt too expensive and similar to the three PG disasterof 2014-15.
I mean at this point we can only hope Ayton can approach either.
He would have left in the offseason, but would have helped for more games than Johnson last year. But that extra cap space/roster spot that Tyler Johnson occupies would have been nice. We wouldn't have had to trade Melton or Jackson in panic moves
Thats the problem right there. Praying for the eight seed. Pray for a better organization, which starts with long term thinking not shortcut win now moves. EDIT Only this sub would say that making the eight seed for a year is more important than having a better organization. Unbelievable. The Suns are 14-22. Just because we're accidentally in the playoff hunt, not due to any merit on our part, doesn't mean we should go all in on it. Make trades for the privilege of missing the playoffs without a top pick, Bridges, etc.
No, it's not bettering the future. You're talking about the now with veterans, which has not worked since Grant Hill. Let me explain using trades the Suns have made. We traded away Bledsoe for an expiring, so we could have space to sign a veteran role player. Trevor Ariza. We traded away Ariza for a young bench player who was a former first round pick. Kelly Oubre. We will get better when we trade for more young unproven bench players and draft picks instead of chasing veterans. EDIT: Yeah, the next expensive veteran we trade for will be different! If we're going to get Crawford/Tyson Chandler production, we should pay Crawford prices (min).
There are plenty of veterans the Suns could sign for nothing. I still think Joakim Noah would actually be a great Baynes replacement following a trade.
Are you serious right now? One by one We don't have a LeBron or a Kawhi. Not even close to one. Focus on the LeBron/Kawhi part first. Then worry about veterans, Jesus. The Heat are built around one star player and cheap young, previously unproven talent. Like Nunn, Herro, Robinson, Adebayo, DJJ. And also salary dumps, like Meyers Leonard and Kelly Olynyk (salary dumps are the best kind of veterans). The Spurs have the best coach of all time. Let me know when he's available. The Warriors are built around MVP level stars. We don't have those yet. You're skipping steps. Get the All NBA guys first, then build around them. Sacramento is your dream team. Full of veterans. Dewayne Dedmon, veteran role player wonder Trevor Ariza, Cory Joseph, Yogi Ferrel, Nemanja Bjelica, Harrison Barnes. That's exactly what you want to trade all our picks and young players for.
You know who isn't bad and is tanking? Memphis. Because they are planning years ahead instead of games ahead. That's the difference. James Jones did exactly what you wanted this offseason. Take shortcuts and try to win now. Memphis had a horrible offseason by your standard. Trading their best players. Trading cap space for a guy who will never play. Getting picks for salary dumps.
&gt; Glad you aren't making any decisions. And I'm sad that your short term only way of thinking is the current front office strategy. You're getting exactly what you want. Trading/acquiring for veteran role players by the dozen, shipping out young players faster than we can draft them.
And what are Rubio, Saric, Baynes, Tyler Johnson, Kaminsky? Inexperienced rookies? Memphis added all those guys as salary filler, not as targets in trades. Jae Crowder was added to make the Mike Conley trade work. Jonas Valanciunas was added to make the Marc Gasol trade work. What you want the Suns to do is trade for those guys as the main piece of the trade.
You're the one bringing personal insults to the table. I'm acting like a child by replying to your posts? Is this a discussion forum or your personal journal? We haven't been banking on young guys for years. We have been signing veteran after veteran after veteran. Jared Dudley, Tyson Chandler, Trevor Ariza and on and on and on. You do need skilled role players with elite talent. But you first need elite talent. We don't have the elite talent part yet. You're skipping steps here. You want to talk about Ray Allen on the Heat, but they had LeBron James. LeBron James isn't on this roster.
Because we're 14-22. I'm being realistic. Should Detroit trade Andre Drummond? Of course they should they're bad. So are we. Facts are facts, we suck. Baynes is 33, expiring, and probably will leave our losing team for nothing in the offseason.
More personal insults, yeah you're a real paragon of virtue and mental health.
So it'll be successful then. Losing with extra picks &gt; losing without extra picks. Those are their choices.
Detroit already has low attendance, as you said. It clearly doesn't matter if they make the playoffs. $324M is from public funds, and they also have the Red Wings. Attendance might crater, but it's already so low that I can't see it mattering financially. Especially if Blake is out. They might not have the option of being in the playoff race soon, which would make the decision even easier.
Well, isn't it a matter of expectations? We knew that about Rubio. Rubio has always been a bad shooter and a great playmaker. We didn't expect Bridges to be a Rubio esque shooter or Ayton to only shoot midrange jumpers. Rubio is as advertised. Flaws and all. Same reason why Cam is so praised. Expectations were low.
Maybe, but we're not acquiring players that need "time". We're only acquiring win now players, even rookies who are "ready to play." That's what irks me. The whole strategy of the Suns offseason was to compete now, and that's failed. I'm sorry it's failed, but it has. But anytime anyone suggests that we shouldn't go all in on a playoff run at 14-22, people lose their minds. This year isn't that important. But that's not James Jones's strategy this offseason and nothing we've heard suggests he's pivoted of the win now tilt we've been on since 2013-14. We traded multiple picks to get better now. That failed, and I'm praying that we aren't doubling down on that failure.
We'd laugh if Detroit traded real value for them. It would be very lolsuns. We'd be no better this year, and we'd probably give Chicago a top ten pick for their trouble.
Get a Giannis. It's really that simple and that hard. We have one all star player and that's it. Booker probably can't be the best player on a championship team. He's the best player on this one and it's not going anywhere. The only way to get a Giannis/Luka is through the draft. We've had chances to do it that way, and yes we blew it, but at least we had chances. We never had a real shot in free agency at LeBron or Kawhi. And nobody is trading a Giannis level player for our measly assets. Not when OKC/Memphis can offer so much more.
CJ is fine, but where does this move put us? After factoring in Oubre/Rubio, are we really that much better off? I would say it's closer to a wash. Rubio and Kelly not bad. Everyone wants to preach patience with Ayton, but take shortcuts and speed up the rest of the roster to an eight seed. Our podcasts would get much better, but honestly I don't think it comes out positively for us. CJ is a significantly worse defender than either. Suns should be trying to do more Ariza for Oubre trades. Guys at the end of a rotation that have potential. Dante Exum for Jordan Clarkson the kind of trade the Suns should make*, for instance. It doesn't make sense from a goals perspective. If Portland and Phoenix have the same goal (eight seed), why would they try to trade with each other unless one of them is dropping out? This means both teams must believe they are dumping worse players for better ones in the next six months. Instead of one team getting younger/picks in exchange for immediate impact players, both teams here are seeking immediate impact players. Just don't see many teams agree to something like that.
I don't think Sekou necessarily has Giannis potential. But teams should never pass up Giannis potential in the draft for like Doug McDermott potential. The more we chase instant gratification, the longer the rebuild will take. That said, the only player who seemed like he had great potential from that group was Sekou. You can get Doug McDermott in free agency. They're not hard to find.
Tankathon has him right at 11 We thought the same for Clarke and he dropped too.
The Suns and the Pacers have the same chance at winning the NBA championship this year. So there's that.
Ty Jerome is like a shorter, less athletic, PG version of Kyle Anderson. But slower, somehow. He's incredibly slow. I had Kirk Hinrich/Jose Calderon hopes. Now I pray he isn't cut next year. He needs Gleague time, I don't know why Jerome isn't down there now if Lecque is called up. It sucks seeing smart teams like Toronto, Boston, Houston, Memphis, and Milwaukee actually use their affiliates and effectively at that. Saric yeah, he's been better in his career so I don't think that's too much to worry about. What I am worried about is James Jones trading for Andre Drummond. The Atlanta price that was reported (expiring Chandler Parsons, Brooklyn protected first) is not very high. Locked on Suns said the Baynes/Ayton lineup came after Jones met with Monty. We'd get rebounds, hopefully.
Jokic was great in his second year. He averaged 16.7/9.8/4.9 in only 27.9 minutes a game. He shot threes. His team won 40 games. He averaged that despite Jusuf Nurkic also being on the team for 45 games. And he was a second round pick. And I was at Booker's first game. A blowout loss to Dallas. You could see something there in the last few minutes. Don't see it with Ayton.
So is Gorgui Dieng. Except Gorgui Dieng shoots FTs and threes. He's more of a taller Bismack Biyombo, with less aggression.
Well we can put a nail in "playoff run" nonsense
This team is unfortunately garbage. Trading a top 5 pick to improve a garbage team is a bad idea
It sucks but honestly we aren't talented enough to beat good teams so we might as well lose to bad ones. Raising the floor was a cute idea, but it failed. It's another failed season, but I pray that James Jones has the foresight to recognize it.
He looks his age so even that is failing
God I would want to die Winning less than 30 games a year with Chris Paul's contract
Well we did. So we should have. It was a mostly fair game and they lost. If we were good enough to beat them, we would have. We are not and therefore we didn't. Basketball is competitive. The better teams win more games than the worse ones. I don't know what to tell you, that Sacramento should have missed their open shots? Why should we beat them? There is zero evidence that we are more talented. None. We have a worse record and equal* head to head record since Harrison Barnes missed a wide open shot.
NO. Am I going nuts? Why does anyone want to trade picks from a bottom feeding team clearly just beginning a rebuild? We're in the same position as the Knicks. The exact same, only they're ahead of us in the assets department. We should be trading Portis (Saric) for picks.
Yeah and we lost that lead. Good teams wouldn't lose that lead. We are obviously not one of those. Do the Lakers lose those leads? Do the Bucks? No. Our record is a reflection of our talent. If we had the talent, we would have closed it out. But we don't so we can't say that we should have won. We deserved to lose and we did. We took shots, they took shots. They were better.
This. A thousand times this. We need bites at the apple. If 1/1000 young players becomes Giannis, then we need as many tries as we can get to 1000. Unfortunately we only have 15 roster spots. We can't waste them on players who are obviously not going to develop into great players. Raising the floor was cute. But it failed. Time to raise the ceiling. EDIT Downvote if you must. But the Suns have done things your way for five years now. Win now moves after win now moves, veteran player after veteran player. We are losing on accident and have been for five years. Trading top five picks for Derrick Rose or some dumb garbage isn't going to change anything.
It depends on what's coming back. If it's unproven young players from contenders? Like Zhaire Smith who never plays, or Semi Ojeleye who never plays? I don't know. Or other terrible players for a second round pick.
No you're right. I forgot about the Harrison Barnes miss loss
Well yes. What do you expect? Basketball isn't luck. It's like tennis. The games are long. There are a lot of shots. The better team has plenty of chances to win. It's why we focus so much on averages and per 100 possessions
His only good trade came from the best player publicly demanding a trade. Unbelievable that his disgruntled players were better GMs than he was.
It's the sentiment that's all wrong. We'd keep our pick, but what does the protection look like? Extinguished or seconds. Seconds are way too much. Teams like the Suns should not trade picks. They should be gathering picks. We're not good. Trading to get Portis is something a good team would do to get better. We're not. We're in the same situation as Detroit, who is about to trade all their veterans.
If it's KAT, sure. But it's not going to be KAT. It's going to be Kevin Love or Tobias Harris or some other non difference maker. We need a star. A real superstar. We're not going to get it via trades. Just realistically, it isn't going to happen. OKC, Memphis, and the Pelicans can all put together better trades than we can by far. We have had chances to get stars in the draft. We failed, but that does not mean stop drafting.
Well that's all we have. I wouldn't mind more losing with potential and less losing with veteran leadership If this year proved anything, it's that we have two choices: lose with young players/picks or lose with veterans/no picks. Those are the choices. Winning is not one of them.
No it wouldn't be. We'd still lose. A lot. It worked for Philly. It did. Bryan Colangelo messed it up, but it did work. It's working for OKC. It's working for Memphis. It's too early to tell for New Orleans. It's our only hope. It's not a lot of hope, but the only alternative is this. Losing with Baynes/Saric . We need Giannis/Luka/Lebron. Trying to beat LeBron with Tobias Harris/Kevin Love is not going to end well.
The problem is that everything we did this offseason was geared toward winning now. Not later. We're losing with veterans and experienced players. They were supposed to provide stability. We might as well have kept Bender/Chriss. This isn't better than last year, it's the same except we have no hope of improvement. Bender/Chriss are young and can get better. This is as good as Baynes/Saric will ever be.
That's the spirit. Except without the sarcasm. Bring back Chriss/Bender. At least we can hope they get better with time. Baynes isnt Benjamin Button.
Jesus christ You're acting like we're 24-14. Maybe, we're just shit. We have as many wins as the Timberwolves, who haven't had KAT in a month.
https://basketball.realgm.com/nba/draft/future_drafts/detailed Phoenix has no extra picks to offer. Memphis does. New Orleans does. And they both have way more young players. Better ones too.
You don't even have your own picks.
The thing is, we spent this whole offseason trying to make Booker happy. Trying to take shortcuts to win now has done nothing but fail. It will continue to fail.
That's not nearly enough. Nunn/Herro are role players and project as role players. As is Winslow, as is Robinson. The only young Heat player with star potential is Bam Adebayo. There's no other choice. If they had Booker potential at all, you wouldn't want to trade them for Booker.
Lol Ryan McDonough was all about winning now. Lakers pick for Brandon Knight. Trading for Brandan Wright. Trading picks for Jon Leuer. Holding onto PJ Tucker forever. Holding onto Bledsoe forever. Signing Jared Dudley. Signing Tyson Chandler. Not trading Gerald Green. Not trading Teletovic. Trading UP every single God damn draft to get a specific player, rather than spreading out risk among several picks. Trading picks for Richaun Holmes. Refusing to take bad money for Bledsoe. Signing Ariza. What you're referring to as "potential" is just normal drafting. Oh no, using your top five picks you got because all your win now moves fucking failed.
TJ for Ryan Anderson was a terrible move. Bsynes/Jerome for a first is another terrible move, which can only be salvaged if Baynes is moved again for a first. Trading TJ Warren and the 32nd overall pick for nothing is terrible as well. There have been some real God awful moves, it's not all sunshine and rainbows.
Cap space. We gave up a lot to open up cap space this year. Ryan Anderson's guaranteed ampunt was lower than Johnson's. It's basically Josh Jackson's salary we would have saved. Tyler Johnson has not contributed nearly enough to make it worth two second round picks and Melton.
Does it? Is Saric or Baynes or Rubio going to have a breakout season next year? We got a lot older and experience didnt matter at all. It failed. Win now moves failed, again, like they always have.
Well then get rid of these vets for something that might eventually help this team. The whole offseason was geared toward veterans and older rookies. Got rid of Jackson/Bender/Melton. Didn't even use the second two way slot, that's how committed they are to not getting young players with potential.
This is false. OKC is tanking. The roster is not designed to win now, they traded their best players away for picks. All this proves is that tanking works better than trying to win now for rebuilding teams. The Suns and Knicks tried to sign NBA veterans instead of tanking. And it failed.
This is the exact opposite of everything this offseason was about. You don't trade for Aron Baynes to win 30 games. You don't sign Ricky Rubio for 51M to win 30 games. You don't trade away three second round picks, release two former lottery picks, and trade down for Saric to wait for the team to grow. You don't draft 23 year olds expecting they won't be good for several years. What drives me crazy is that all of a sudden, now that we're losing, it is the time for patience? What happened to patience for Davon Reed, who was released for Jamal Crawford? What happened to patience for Josh Jackson/Bender/Melton? Why was getting Rubio so important if we were not planning on winning games? Patience is for young players. There's nothing to wait for in Baynes/Saric/Rubio/Tyler Johnson. This is who they are. Lecque requires patience.
The Thunder didn't take Chris Paul in order to compete. They took him back to make the salaries work. Winning is not the goal in OKC. Sam Presti would have made that Westbrook trade for Chandler Parsons. The important part was the picks, he didn't care about Chris Paul.
They're not designed to be competitive. They would have made those trades for Chandler Parsons if the picks were the same. They are accidentally good in the same way that the Suns are accidentally bad. They are absolutely tanking. You don't trade your two all star players for draft picks if you aren't tanking. The Suns, Hornets, and Knicks are trying to be competitive. They're signing free agents to large contracts. That isn't tanking. That is trying to rebuild and be competitive. All this shows is that tanking can be just as effective toward winning as so-called "competitive rebuilding".
How does losing with more veteran players change the culture at all? The culture hasn't changed, we're still losing. It didn't change with Jared Dudley. It didn't change with Tyson Chandler. It didn't change with PJ Tucker. It didn't change with Mirza Teletovic. It didn't change with Gerald Green. It didn't change with Trevor Ariza. It didn't change with Jamal Crawford. It didn't change with Greg Monroe. The mere presence of older players means absolutely nothing and has since 2014. You can't expect AD to come here, no. But you also can't expect that Dario Saric is going to become Luka Doncic. You need AD and Luka. You can't get them via free agency, you can't get them via trade since we don't have enough to trade. That leaves one option.
Memphis did exactly that. They got worse veterans for picks and young players. Guess what. Memphis is both better than we are both in assets and in the playoff hunt. As is OKC. New Orleans is just as bad as we are, but they at least have tons of draft picks, young players, and hope. We have Aron Baynes. It wasn't a unique situation, because it happened to us. Also, we didn't need to clear cap space. We could go over the cap to sign Oubre. What we didn't need to do was sign Rubio for the privilege of still losing. We could have lost without Rubio and without trading Warren for nothing, we didn't need Rubio to lose.
Suns have never tanked.
All that would do is make Booker leave even faster. And then we have no picks, no young players, and no Booker.
We only lost by 10 per game last year. Net rating was around -10. We can lose with young players who couod get better or lose with 30 year olds who will only get worse. Those are the only two choices.
It's more nuanced than that, but here goes. I would rather have Giannis than two players who could one day be Giannis But I would rather have two young players who could one day be Tobias Harris than Tobias Harris The tier of player matters.
They didn't. Still losers. They failed by their own standard, not mine.
God I forgot he's one year younger.
Technically it would have been only 3.6M saved. Still, that's two second round picks, JJ, and Melton.
We should have just did what Brooklyn did for years. Take bad contracts for picks and young players. Be actually patient instead of try to win now. It wasn't that high of a ceiling for that team. Really just poor asset management. Shortcuts over and over. Trading up in a draft is one of the dumbest ways to use assets. It consolidates risk into one still risky basket. Instead of taking multiple shots at a great player, you get one. Sacramento flopped on 2/3 parts of the Chriss trade. Skal and Papagiannis. But they hit on Bogdan.
It is when he was available. Also, there is no evidence that we have MVP caliber players. Until we know that we have MVP caliber players, we need to be working to get those MVP caliber players. Unfortunately, our current strategy is to use draft picks/cap space to look for replacement level players only. We're not even trying to find stars, let alone MVP candidates.
Yes but we would be fools to try to trade a top draft pick for 2 months of Gallinari (factoring in injuries). OKC is smart. They are rebuilding patiently, understanding that the 7 seed isn't the endgame. We should follow their example.
Or we should shop our team and beat them to the punch We've got nearly identical records.
Bender and Jackson are both on NBA rosters. They are assigned to the Gleague. Bender actually has had his contract guaranteed for the season. He could have been waived to save money and roster spots, but was not.
Yes but then we wouldn't have Aron Baynes, Dario Saric, Ty Jerome, and Jalen Lecque. And James Jones wouldnt be able to take full credit for the success of the team.
I didn't mean that was a good thing. I'd rather have TJ than all of them combined.
No I just don't think the Pistons are having a great season. You do, since they have the same record we do.
Would be a terrible decision to trade picks for either. We need to get off the endless cycle of trying to win now and failing. If they give him away, sure. But the Suns absolutely must stop pretending that we are close to the end of the rebuild. We're basically at square one. Time to act like it.
"Damn, that panic move didn't lead to us winning... But this panic move is going to do it!"
OKC would get him if he's available.
Presti chose Houston because Miami doesn't even have draft picks to trade. Their 2021 draft pick is going to OKC already, via Paul George. Houston made the best offer, end of story. Tanking isn't about losing games. You can tank and win games and you can compete and lose them. Tanking is about collecting assets. Trading until you turn a stapler into a house. If Miami offered a lot of assets for Chris Paul, Chris Paul is on the Heat.
OKC can offer four times as many picks, and wing players who are better than Cam/Bridges. SGA=Ayton at this point.
We absolutely have, but just consider the following questions. What was Trevor Ariza/Tyson Chandler/Jamal Crawford/Jared Dudley for? Why did we trade a second round pick for Richaun Holmes/Brandan Wright? Why did we trade the potential of the Lakers pick for Brandon Knight? We have never once taken a bad contract for picks. Not one single time. Memphis has and they're better than us. Brooklyn has and they're better than us. Philadelphia has. OKC has. Utah has. Smart teams have done that. The Suns are so obsessed with winning now that we always, always use our cap space on free agents rather than salary dumps. EDIT I take it back. We took Troy Daniels for a 2Nd round pick. And he was better than the veterans we wanted to sign in free agency like Chandler!
Please. You can keep falling for the same old line about "raising the floor" and veteran leadership and all that nonsense garbage if you like. I never believed it and I still don't. It's fake. CP3 isn't leading the Suns anywhere. Want did everyone say about Rubio/Baynes/Saric? That we'd finally be a good team? Thst the floor would be raised? Instead, we give up 20 Point leads regularly and lose all the time. We have the same record as the Pistons.
I didn't say it worked
This Supreme Court would have upheld segregation, no question.
Well this also isn't working so it can't be said that we got rid of him for good reasons. We got rid of him for reasons, and those reasons turned out not to matter at all. Unfortunately, we're not good enough to worry about fit. Fit doesn't matter for bottom feeder teams like us. Fit causes stupid decisions like dropping DJJ for Mike James and taking Ayton over Luka.
But Fultz would have taken time. Sarver wants playoff money now! James Jones is the Lindsey Hunter/Earl Watson of GMs.
Divicenzo gets minutes on a good team. It's closer than any of us want to believe, and the 2021 pick was part of the Paul George and Tobias Harris trades so it already outproduced Mikal in a way.
No but it demonstrates how dumb it was to use for Mikal Bridges. I don't think Tobias Harris is good as a max player. But he's better than Mikal, obviously. Those other teams simply knew how to value their assets and use them wisely. We did not. I was downvoted to hell at the time (and probably will be now) but I said it was a Marquese Chriss like mistake to move up a few spots like that. You just don't know that much about these players to put all your eggs in one basket. It's still possible that Divicenzo AND the 2021 pick are better than Mikal, let alone combined. Draft is sometimes a raffle ticket and you win raffles by buying more tickets, not trading two for one. EDIT Downvote away, but you couldn't trade Mikal for that pick by itself if you wanted to.
Nowhere did I use the word bust. What I am saying is that Culver isn't better than Herro or Washington or Rui or tons of other guys. Unless it's fucking Luka Doncic and two of the dumbest NBA franchises in sports passed on him, it's typically not a good idea to move up in the draft. Justice Winslow isn't a bust. But Justice Winslow would not be worth the three firsts Boston offered to move up for him. Reading comprehension. Try it.
This post is to highlight the kind of trades the Suns could do today I suppose they could do a Dudley for Bledsoe trade. Similar to Ariza for Oubre. But I don't think Bledsoe is actually that good and never have. I definitely don't think Bledsoe is as good as Bledsoe probably thinks he is.
Bledsoe had serious injury issues even then. He was also a PG only player, who could not share the floor with Chris Paul. But yeah we need some high upside shots on young players, for sure. This safe offseason of raising the floor was disappointing, and is even more so now that it failed.
Each one individually could be as well. When you combine them it's just illogical to give Mikal the edge. Mikal is a bench player for the 13th team in the West. He's not exactly a surefire all star. Divicenzo is a role player and spot starter in case of injury for the best team in the NBA. It's not like the Luka/Ayton debate which is conclusively over. Mikal and Divicenzo are both role players and its not conclusive thst one is better than the other.
We did exactly that and it got us precisely nowhere We got Saric, Baynes, Tyler Johnson, Frank Kaminsky. Those small acquisitions for established role players meant nothing. Bledsoe and Thomas sure. But we spent an entire offseason getting Reggie Bullocks (Cam Johnson, the oldest player taken in the lottery) and Jon Leuers (Baynes, Saric, Kaminsky). That's failed.
Do you want the Homie Dario Saric back? Zhaire Smith for Dario, fax it in
There's not much to say about a team that is as bad as the Suns. The only negativity I see is people telling me to go fuck myself for suggesting the Suns shouldn't go all in on being playoff contenders. Every time I say the Suns should try tanking for once, I inevitably get a fuck you or a "haha we tried potential dumbass". So from my perspective, if we can refrain from personal insults and fuck yous, that'd be swell. Nobody is going to be outright happy about a crappy team like the Suns, especially after an entire offseason dedicated to the idea of raising the floor. 7-20 since a hot start is a pretty low floor still. Expectations were raised even before the season, and now they've fallen. And this time, it's not like we can make the excuses of the past of no point guard or too young (Baynes, Rubio, Saric, Kaminsky, Tyler Johnson). Now it just seems like we might be bad. A lot of us aren't going to be happy watching a bad team full of veterans (2012-13) instead of a historically bad team with young players (2017-18).
Booker and Ayton are not clearly number 1 and number 2 guys on a championship team. Sorry but it's the truth. They jumped the gun. It was not time to start building around them, we had few assets and now we have almost none. The only revisionist history going on is the one where 14-24 is this great Suns team we should all blow James Jones over. The Pistons are 14-24 and are about to blow up their team, yet we are supposedly on our way to building a perennial contender.
Suns don't have as much young talent as other teams. Say, New Orleans or Memphis. By all means, sell on Dario/Baynes/TJ to contenders. I'm not saying trade Ayton. I'm saying we were going to be losers, we could have just done that with Bender/Warren/Jackson. If it's a development year, we don't need Aron Baynes. That's all. We can blow up the extra parts, the Pistons aren't selling Sekou and Kennard. We don't have to sell Booker/Ayton.
A new owner?
God the new Suns fans from the Ayton draft are the worst.
I have the same feeling about Jones. He seems like he has no idea what he's doing and makes decisions without any planning. From the Brooks thing, to dumping Warren, to signing Crawford, that weird scouting quote where he says they sits closer so that's why no Suns scouts are ever seen at games. Just reeks of impulsiveness. Like the reason we don't have medialeaks is because our decisions aren't thought out beyond a few hours.
Is Luka taking two years off for soccer?
Or you draft Luka. The only chances the Suns have had at a star is the draft. Suns don't have the assets to trade for a star, we used them all on Ty Jerome and Mikal Bridges.
Give up what, the franchise? If we trade a top pick (and it will be a top pick no matter what) for 3 months of Gallo, they might as well fold the team. Ridiculous asking whether we'd rather be a stupid fucking shit tier team that gives other teams top picks or whether we'd rather have the top pick.
This is the stupidest God damn thing the Suns have considered doing this season and we started Aron Baynes next to Ayton. James Jones needs to be fired yesterday. The most incompetent GM since first year Vlade Divac.
I meant like since the season started But even then we'd have to count still not signing a second two way contract, when teams are already on their third/fourth
The correct choice then is not to trade for 3 months of Gallinari at all
Do we need to post the same "lolsuns" story twice? Isn't once enough?
If Ricky doesn't cut it anymore, we're really in deep shit The Suns need a superstar. They can only get one in the draft, though it's debatable whether there are any stars in the draft today. But it's still a better shot than hoping someone is going to trade away the next Giannis. We can try like Halliburton, we'll probably pick top 7 after all is said and done.
Congratulations you can post pictures of items on the internet.
"Did you start watching basketball yesterday" My account is nine years old, you tell me. And I still never actually called anyone a bust. That was something you made up all on your own. Tip for your future: reading comprehension is a big part of standardized testing, including the AIMS? You should definitely read questions before you answer them.
Well it just depends on who goes up and down. There are only two games between us and the five spot, where Washington sits at 12-25. I think that could be fluid up until the end of the season.
In case anyone is curious about what this child rape supporter is raving about, this is an article about Trumps Secretary of Labor covering up Epsteins sex crimes. https://www.newsweek.com/jeffrey-epstein-alexander-acosta-trump-sex-trafficking-underage-minor-1339974
We really shouldn't be sacrificing future picks for Gallinari anyway, we're not making the playoffs and I can't imagine losing without draft picks is what makes Booker happy Say what you want about drafting. The only way we got a player of Booker's caliber is the draft, teams aren't giving them away and they're not coming in free agency.
There are plenty of players available this offseason to sign. I wouldn't trade sign Kevin Love to that contract in the offseason anyway Cap space is useful for more than free agency, which is a concept completely foreign to Suns management. We do not have to give up picks for older players. This is one of the craziest things about this front office. Teams regularly pay other teams to take their players, to escape luxury taxes or shed salary. Like the Suns for instance. Remember when we got Troy Daniels? Memphis gave us a second round pick to take him. Memphis got a first round pick for taking Solomon Hill. That is how our cap could be used, not on more panic trades.
Booker got better every year playing with Alex Len Making games more watchable = making moves to win now. They're the same thing. We'd just be wasting future cap space going nowhere instead of current cap space. There's nothing they can do about wasting current cap space. It's already been wasted. Damage done. Better to not give up first round picks to waste it on Gallinari.
They've put to many resources into PG to not roll with what we have for now. The season is over, we should already be thinking about next year's roster.
It's not that it changes anything per se. But they're not even trying. It's a lack of effort. Miami is starting their former two way player Duncan Robinson. This "Oh it doesn't matter" attitude is wrong. All of it matters. We can't just be the Lakers and sign Mozgov/Deng and get LeBron two years later. We have to do everything right, and they're basically just being negligent/lazy.
Getting Aron Baynes is only respectable if we trade him for a first. Otherwise it was just another failure when he leaves or is overpaid in the offseason. James Jones is a smooth talker but a bad GM. But Ayton should also be better.
No, it's not the same. A two way contract is a player who can be called up and used in an NBA game. They only have 45 days to be called up for the NBA. And it's only 45 days if you sign them before the season. Anyone we sign now will only have 23 days they can spend with the main roster. The Gleague guys would need to sign a two way or a real NBA contract in order to play with the main roster. Also, at the end of the year, two way contract players become restricted free agents that can only be signed to a low amount. We can sign a player on another gleague team to a two way contract and "steal" them. There are plenty of better gleague players, evidenced by the smarter Jazz signing one last month to an NBA contract. And the NAZ Suns are in last place.
Yes, if he is eligible. Eligibility has to do with years of experience in the league I think. I'm pretty sure we can't sign Amare to one, for instance.
I want to point out that I said all of them were dumb at the time, including Ryan Anderson for Tyler Johnson.
Cam is fine, but that's all he'll ever be. Fine. He's Doug McDermott. You shouldn't draft Doug McDermott, Doug McDermotts are a dime a dozen in free agency. Teams give them away (Kyle Korver, Wayne Ellington).
Couldnt that be any big guy? Joakim Noah is available and played well last season for Memphis. He knows Booker pretty well. I understand why he was brought in, less so why he's still here. Clearly, none of those things mattered or we wouldn't be where we are now. Ayton's development isn't exactly on the fast track.
We could have just had Holmes, whose cap hold was tiny and has been better than Baynes for most of the season. We could have just drafted a PF. Clarke, Washington, Rui are just three names who are already better/younger than Cam Johnson and Saric. We would have had Kaminsky on the MLE and Diallo on the vet min. So no, we wouldn't be without a PF/C. We might still lose most of our games, exactly like we're doing right now. But we'd have a good player on a good contract and wouldn't have paid a team to take that player. It's like if we traded another pick just to pay someone to take Bridges right now. Wouldn't make any sense.
We were tanking in the same way that the Nets were tanking after getting Garnett/Pierce. In that it's completely on accident and not even close to losing on purpose. Trevor Ariza was not signed to lose on purpose. Richaun Holmes was not rented to lose on purpose. If we were tanking, we would have taken on Markelle Fultz or taken bad money for that 15M of space. We didn't because we were, just like today, trying to win. Flipping the switch last year = raising the floor. https://www.brightsideofthesun.com/2018/10/9/17955102/phoenix-suns-sarver-the-switch-has-flipped-and-time-to-start-winning
They did that on accident. Because the Suns are stupid, impatient, and make dumb decisions. Trevor Ariza was garbage. But they signed him because they thought he would be good. They were stupid about trying to win but that doesn't change the reasons why they signed him. Ayton isn't as good as Luka. By your logic, the Suns picked Ayton to tank because if they wanted to win, they would have picked Luka.
No I agree. I'm just making a point about how we say/do the same thing every year with different PR.
Sarver sucks. When we do try to tank for the next Jordan, I expect we'll win 50 games and miss the playoffs for the 14th pick.
Well one of those bags had a 19M cap hit and the other bag had a 15.6M cap hit The extra roster spot might also have been useful, especially knowing how bad we are. We're not in a position to use Tyler Johnson to trade for anything so he might as well be dead money.
Cam is awful lately
22/24 ft is statistically great But fuck I wanted that one
Hold up Luka was the MVP of Euroleague/Eurobasket This guy scored 8 points
Cam was above 40. He has been cold basically since Oubre has been hot So we still haven't seen two at the same time.
Or from Iowa
Just more win now bullshit, as if that impatient sentiment isn't precisely the reason we're bad in the first place.
Attempts or makes? Under on both
We already did, his name is Cam Johnson.
The age of a player matters. Being a 23 (nearly 24) year old rookie and a 19 year old rookie are two different things. Nobody expects Cam Johnson could improve as much as Sekou Doumbouya, for instance.
We were just bad, we weren't tanking.
Since everyone is going to have space in 2021, I wonder if we go all in on this free agents this offseason. We're not getting Giannis or Kawhi or LeBron. So it's not that great a free agency for us. I don't know if James Jones has the patience to actually wait until summer 2021 either. There are interesting players in free agency. Like Christian Wood, Evan Fournier, Fred VanVleet, Jerami Grant, and ironically players the Suns threw away for nothing like Melton/DJJ.
It shifts over time. For about a year, it was an automatic -10 if you criticized James Jones. During the offseason, it was even worse. Now, it's more or less even since we've leveled off and the players we paid other teams to take have thrived (Warren, Melton). Ayton criticisim will go back and forth in popularity until Ayton settles into whatever player he's going to be.
James Jones doesn't do any scouting. We only drafted Cam because Jeff Bower scouted him 6 years ago. Brandon Clarke would have been too obvious or something. We're not getting Giannis or LeBron or Kawhi or Paul George or Gobert, so I don't see why we need to wait until 2021. 2021 is a big free agency for superstars, but we honestly have no chance at any of them. A max for Christian Wood would be 26M. No team is paying Christian Wood 20M. Only a handful of teams have space this year, including the Suns. It's less than 9 IIRC. That depresses the market. We could even take expiring contracts into that space in exchange for picks, so that other teams could sign free agents (like taking Olynyk/james Johnson from the Heat). The Suns need to do something with that space next year. I'd rather we take on Gorgui Dieng or something for picks, but the Suns are absolutely loathe to do rebuild that patiently
The only way we're going to get a superstar talent is the draft. We don't have the assets to make a Paul George/Anthony Davis/Kawhi trade. About a dozen other teams will easily outbid us for any available superstar and have assets to spare. We used all our assets to get Mikal/Jerome/Baynes. Just because we've messed up in the draft, doesn't change that simple fact. We've had shots to get a superstar in the draft.
Situation is somewhat similar, as Miami was capped out and wanted to stay competitive. Brooklyn made a bunch of RFA offers like that. Otto Porter, Allen Crabbe, Tyler Johnson. All of whom became albatross contracts. But Tyler Johnson didn't get 19M a year. He got 4/60, but the only way he could get that money (due to Arenas rule) was to back load it. He made around 9M his first two years. Had Brooklyn gotten him, IIRC it would have been 15M per. If the Suns don't retain Oubre (he's not getting a max, that's crazy talk), then the only other reasonable course of action would be to flip him for assets. Might not be a bad move, but we'd have to see. **Gleaguers** We should always sign gleaguers to 10 days. Most of the competent teams in the NBA actually pay attention to and use the Gleague. Including 10 day contracts. The Suns don't, but we're not one of those competent teams.
I seriously think they forgot about it
That stat doesn't account for actual minutes played. We're significantly older when weighted by age due to Baynes/Rubio.
We're really just not that good. Atlanta has played a lot of close games lately. It's not like they've been blown out. We'll probably make more of a game out of this, but hard to say we will definitely win or put them away at any point. It would only be disappointing if we were blown out or only got close in garbage time
The "Suns cut the blowout to 10" timeout Classic
It's because they swapped a few players Spellman is on the Warriors now
It was the Nets
No, it wasn't. The Suns aren't good enough to consistently win, and that includes against teams like Atlanta. Remember when we supposedly drafted Jerome because he was a ready to play shooter? Lol
It's just depressing seeing us go all in on winning now, giving up assets to "rebuilding" teams like the Grizzlies only to see them quickly outpace our rebuild by doing things the right way. We might not make the playoffs, but the rebuild is going nowhere even after dumping Warren/the Bucks 1st/three second round picks.
So we can be trash and give up top 5 picks to the Thunder?
God honestly why would the Suns be buyers? We're not doing anything this year even if we get Chris Paul to be backup PG. We need to sell everyone 25 and older not named Rubio, including Saric/Kaminsky
The Suns and Bulls are in the same spot, both are rebuilding teams with older players that don't need to be there. And yet here, the Suns are giving up the only player on a rookie contract, so we can be as bad as we are right now, just older.
But we raised the floor tho Like putting laminate on top of tile
Also the choices here are lose with Baynes/Saric or lose with whatever small assets we can get for them The latter is infinitely better
It's just flashes. The Hawks have flashes, they've won 9 games this year. The Bulls/Pistons have flashes. Flashes don't mean anything. Booker isn't better than Kuzma because he has flashes, he's better because of his consistency. At this point, can anyone say that this team can be fixed in a meaningful, sustainable way? I think not. It's far past time we accepted the inevitable, for once. Time to recover some of the assets we burned on Baynes/Saric. They're not great, but they can be useful as bench players for playoff teams (they have been productive in that role before).
We're not as far as James Jones pretended we were. The Bulls weren't patient either, and both front offices are getting schooled by the smart, asset collecting teams (OKC, Memphis, New Orleans). Sato is a glue guy for a playoff team. The Suns can't worry about that, we still need to be in asset building/draft mode. Whether James Jones will act like it is another matter.
If I were you in that time zone, I would not wake up at 2AM to watch the Suns. Not a healthy way to start the day.
It's a small point, but it is annoying. This could have been anything, even just one of those "Name of person twice" meme posts. We have a lot more posts than we did at 3K subs. A little bit more effort would be nice.
It helps us out by having four extra second round picks. We are no be The team would not be worse with Melton/Jackson. Melton has insane on/off impact and is one of the key players on a much better Grizzlies team. How are we better off with Jevon Carter and Tyler Johnson? **No point in draft picks because we didn't pick the right players ** I'm sorry if this sounds harsh, but this is the dumbest argument for trading picks. "We passed on Luka and several great players , so we shouldn't draft players at all."'The solution is not to stop drafting, it's to do it better; to not pass on Luka. We're not getting Luka in free agency. Teams don't trade away Luka (Suns might). The Suns only hope to get a Luka was and is the draft. What you're asking the Suns to do is tantamount to asking them to close the franchise and let Vegas have an expansion team. The Suns have to be good at drafting or the franchise is over. The alternative is losing like we are now with no picks and no hope, basically feeding OKC or Cleveland our high draft picks like Brooklyn did for Boston.
Consistency is what separates Justin Holiday from Devin Booker. You could probably say that consistency is an issue for every team. Oubre in particular, though, is wildly inconsistent. The range of outcomes that I could expect from Oubre is pretty wide; wouldn't be surprised to he him score 13 or 31.
The choices James Jones made (the ones I originally referenced) resulted in Tyler Johnson/Jevon Carter over 4 second round picks/Jackson/Melton. Melton, despite your reluctance to credit him, has been playing well on a superior team. He would be better than any backup guard we have, including the 23 year old first round pick we traded the Bucks pick for. So how are we better off with Jevon Carter/Tyler Johnson? The Suns have only had top picks every year because our win now mentality has only resulted in failure. We have constantly traded away picks to move up a few spots or get players like Brandon Knight. We never take bad contracts for picks, it's always get Trevor Ariza and flip the switch or get Aron Baynes and raise the floor. The Suns are bad because we refuse to accept that we'll be bad. We're a perennial bottom feeder because we try to take shortcuts to rebuilding. It's no coincidence that Memphis/OKC traded away their best players for picks and are still vastly superior to us. We wouldn't have 8 wins without Tyler Johnson, Ty Jerome, Aron Baynes, and Jevon Carter (and with second round picks). That's absurd and (before you deny it) is exactly what you are suggesting. Edits, I also needed to add Jerome in that equation. Different comment The choices are to lose with assets and draft high, or lose without assets and draft high for OKC/Cleveland/etc. Those are the only choices.
That is completely wrong. All we have done for 10 years is win now moves. That's it. Flip the switch, raise the floor, all the same BS win now garbage. Trevor Arizas, Brandon Knights, Tyler Johnsons, all these so-called ready to play veteran leader bullshit players. All our win now moves have resulted in nothing but utter failure, and that's still all anyone wants to do these days. Bad organizations trade Lakers picks for Brandon Knight. Good organizations trade MCW for the Lakers pick. What you are suggesting is thst the Sixers are a bad organization.
We didn't trade Richaun Holmes and instead let him go for nothing. He was signed to the room exception in Sacramento. Even suggesting we should trade him for anything last year was met with derision. https://www.reddit.com/r/suns/comments/akkuv5/suns_should_consider_trading_holmes/ "this is why we're bad" No, we're bad because we traded picks to rent a player for a 19 win season then let him go for nothing. Had we received literally anything for him, even Zubac or Skal Labissiere (Holmes is better than Mike Muscala/Caleb Swanigan), it would have been better. This is the story of the Suns in a nutshell. Trade future value for a player to win now. That player performs but doesn't result in winning. Don't trade that player, let them go for fucking nothing and and trade more future value for the next one.
He's not been meaningfully better than Ryan Anderson, and clearly not worth the extra 3.6M (which is the amount that we coincidentally paid Memphis Melton/2 seconds to take off our books).
Only if you count Aron "33 fucking years old" Baynes and Ricky Rubio as equal to Jalen Lecque and Cheick Diallo. I don't know if you watch the Suns but Baynes plays more than Lecque If you weight it by minutes played, we're not the youngest.
You literally just said it was the youngest team in NBA history You used the totally respectful and sincere three question marks Edit I don't know what you're upset about, I'm matching the level of discourse in "So we became the youngest NBA team in history to WIN NOW????" Not like you're above snark, clearly.
"Chill the fuck out" Wants serious discussion
Ayton has been with the team the whole time during practice The Hawks have the worst record in the NBA The Wizards just beat the Hawks without Beal or Wall or Thomas Bryant or Rui We regularly shoot poorly from 3, that's not going to change and it's nothing new
You clearly don't understand the difference between salary dumps and free agents. Let me explain. Solomon Hill was traded to the Memphis Grizzlies in what is called a salary dump. See, New Orleans didn't want Solomon Hill. So they traded him with picks to dump his salary. See, it's similar to what the Suns did with TJ Warren. That was not a win now move, since Memphis is taking an unwanted player in exchange for assets. What you are suggesting is that the Suns are signing free agents like Ariza with the expectation they will suck. That Ariza isnt a win now or later move, but it carries the same expectation as getting Solomon Hill/Allen Crabbe (hexcept without the picks). *Talent evaluation* Then the Suns need to get competent talent evaluators or stay below the Thunder for eternity. Trading top 5 picks for Gallinari isn't going to help us eclipse them.
I mean their depth is one thing, but that's four starters. Pasecniks played 20 minutes. Ian Mahinmi played 27. Gary Payton was signed a week ago and they played him 23 minutes. Those aren't exactly world beaters and I'm not sure any of them are (on paper) better than Mikal Bridges. Is Mahinmi really better than Baynes? It's a bad sign that Wizards team is good enough to beat the Hawks, but the Suns minus Rubio are not.
I wouldn't trade for Love at all, certainly not Bridges. Unless we get a pick back, which I don't think Cleveland wants to do. Love is a bad contract. It's unfortunate but he is. Trading for him is basically like trading for John Wall or Nicolas Batum, but slightly better. He's going to have to be moved to a team with no cap space going forward like Miami or Portland, or attached with assets.
Dragan Bender and Marquese Chriss are younger than Ty Jerome. Edit sorry Ty Jerome is younger than Chriss by 6 days. They probably should have been part of the still developing group, quite honestly. Smarter NBA teams like the Bucks and Warriors have decided to retain them. But they didn't raise the floor though, like Kaminsky, Tyler Johnson, and Saric.
The Suns are in the same position as Cleveland, except with fewer assets. We don't need championship experience on a bottom feeding team. We're on court in need of a four, but in a more meta sense we're the same as Cleveland. We're in need of a LeBron. We're not competing for a playoff spot, and even if we do, the core of Love/Rubio/Booker/Ayton has no future as a playoff team. We'd basically sneak in and make it once, and go right back to being at the bottom once Memphis develops patiently, Golden State gets two All NBA players back, and Portland gets healthy.
Cheap. To acquire at least, OKC might not demand much more than salary relief.
I mean he's a center that averages less than 28 minutes a game, 11/10 per game, and makes 27M next year. He was signed to that deal when you had Westbrook and Durant. You don't anymore. It's a very large contract for 11/10. One wonders what Presti could do with an extra 27M dollars even in a weaker free agency year. Presti is smart, he isn't ruthless, I don't think he's that sentimental. There's probably better things he could do with 27M next year.
It's still a large contract for that. Every center in the league sets screens. His might be harder, but is it so much better than everyone else to demand a 27M? He's not top tier defensively like Gobert or Embiid. In a vacuum, if one team pays Embiid 27M and the other team pays Adams 27M, the team with Embiid is better off. He makes a lot of money. Would you resign Adams at age 27 to 5/150? The answer I'm expecting from your reply is yes. If it were the offseason, would you sign him to 2/60? I don't think that would be a good idea.
Yup This team definitely should trade picks for a playoff push, clearly we're very good but need an extra push
Yeah, trade 1sts for championship experienced players. Like Trevor Ariza, Aron Baynes. And other veterans like Kaminsky/Saric.
Isiah Thomas is one of the stranger color commentators in the league.
With Baynes mostly PF
Randle tossed the ball at him, Okobo returned the favor
He only took like one midrange shot And it was on his 19th minute in two quarters
He wasn't bad this game He took a charge, he missed some open shots, he hit one, tipped the ball in. Key is he only had 14 minutes. That's what his role is supposed to look like. But we should trade him ASAP
Shamet is too important to them. If anything, it'll probably be like Mifondu Kabengele and Jerome Robinson Which isn't bad, honestly
I think I'm going to be sick
Baynes was trashed for the past two weeks, all of a sudden he's not replaceable? He's fine. But I'd rather have anyone who might be here next year, and that isn't Baynes. Long term &gt; short term
*Derrick Rose* Believe it or not, assets are important to winning basketball teams. And we have none. You can't reasonably trade first round picks when you are as close to the bottom as we are. That's just downright irrational. The Memphis Grizzlies know this. The Oklahoma City Thunder know this. Indiana knew this when they fleeced us. Picks for Rose would be like Chris Wallace (fired) Grizzlies trading a first to Boston for Jeff Green. Or the Ernie Grunfeld (fired) Wizards trading Oubre for Ariza, or a first for Markieff Morris. At our record, any trade for short term value is a mistake. *11* This season is not that crucial. Yeah, the west is bad and we can make the playoffs. So what? What happens next year when Steph/Klay come back? And Nurkic/Collins/Hood return for Portland? And Zion plays games? Do we think Memphis is going to stop improving? Or OKC? Or the Pelicans? Kings are kind of a mess, but they beat us a few times. We need to focus on the future, our long term future. Making the playoffs in a down year and being right back to the bottom doesn't do anything for us. The eight seed is not meaningful. It wasn't for Minnesota. It wasn't for Detroit. *6* Frank is sort of missed right now. He may not be retained next year, but he plays like someone we might want to get. It's important to see how a defensively poor stretch four does so James Jones can make informed decisions about defensively challenged stretch fours. He seems to really like them, maybe he has his mind made up. Baynes doesn't need to be on this team. We should all know by now how little veteran leadership is actually worth. Wasn't everyone moaning about how bad he was just a few days ago? Now we want him for the rest of the season? Jamal Crawford anyone?
Last year? Which was a year ago not weeks
Link? There's no way he could've said this without laughing. The better team that night? It wasn't a buzzer beater, they were down by 30
It's not two years, he got an extension IIRC. And he's way better than Oubre. Wizards wouldn't dream of this, and if they did they wouldn't want Oubre back.
The extra couple dozen practices against Baynes isnt going to make or break Ayton. It's probably not going to matter at all. Ayton has seen Baynes from training camp to 41 games in. I don't think a backup PG is as useful as anything we can get for Baynes like a pick. We gave up a first round pick to get Baynes. Think about that. We did that to get Aron Baynes and Ty Jerome. If we don't recoup that investment, that trade will be a failure. We're the 11th seed and have the hardest schedule in the league coming up. We're not making the playoffs and even if we did it wouldn't be a sustainable thing to next year. Reality is reality. In harsh, unsentimental reality, Baynes being on this team will have no effect on our future. We've seen this veteran story time and time again, it doesn't matter. One veteran is the same as the other, and Amir Johnson is sitting at home. There's nothing special or magical about Baynes. Why not get anyone else's veteran presence and a first round pick? Memphis is doing this with Solomon Hill, a salary dump. Why not us? We need to focus on the long term for once in our miserable existence. That means getting future value out of Baynes.
We have several options currently on the team. Three of them are under contract next year. Two are guaranteed contracts. It has to be internal. No more short term solutions.
Can you imagine how it would look? We pay Memphis a 2 second round picks to take their current backup PG. Months later, we then give them even more to acquire their unwanted third string PG (who was outplayed by the player we paid them to take)? Would be a bad look.
Moving to Tucson Anyone have any tips on best/worst apartments? Commuting to south Tucson.
Yes, but it was still pretty dumb on our part. Could have waived and stretched JJ and not given up anything. Edit As Zach Lowe has said, the league (other execs) is still laughing at us for that one. The 1M hit on the next two seasons is not going to matter. If Giannis doesn't come here, it isn't going to be because we had 1M less cap space.
Okobo could be something I don't understand why everyone is in a hurry to throw unprotected picks out for short term bench players. Everyone wants to give Ayton 10 years to be dominant, but expect the Suns as a whole to make the playoffs now. It's a double standard.
No it isn't. The eight seed frequently means nothing as far as future goes, and throwing out long term value at a short term gain is a bad idea. It didn't do anything for Minnesota's confidence. The Pistons have gotten swept a bunch of times as the eight seed, it hasn't done much for them. Even if we sneak in, under 500, what does that mean for next year? Is Steph/Klay going to stay at home? Are the OKC Thunder going to randomly become bad? Are the Grizzlies going to deteriorate, with their two young stars? Is Nurkic going to miss another season? We have to plan at beating those teams in years where Steph doesn't miss a whole season. Doing the equivalent of trading a 1st for Markieff Morris/Jeff Green (two real trades that happened on bubble teams) won't cut it.
He is a free agent next year, logic dictates we should wait until then (teams that trade for unrestricted free agents often regret it, unless they're as good as Kawhi/Davis). Luckily, we'll see him in the playoffs. He definitely is interesting.
We honestly should just wait until the draft. There are several prospects that we could consider, like Paul Reed or Obi Toppin. Defensive minded PFs who are the best player on their teams. Everyone says we need to be patient with Ayton. But when it comes to the Suns, we have to WIN NOW PLAYOFFS NOW. We have cap space, we have a mid first round draft pick. What is the hurry? We need to be concerned about making the playoffs in years that Steph isn't injured the whole season.
Cap hit would be 2.3M over three years. Cap hit of Kyle Korver this year is 3.4M. Can't imagine that extra 2.3M is significant in anyway. At least, not more than Melton has been for the Grizzlies. We also don't have any second round picks to trade for anything until 2022
&gt; So why not take a flyer on some role players that can help the team finish 2019-20 strong Maybe because it will mean precisely nothing next year. After Bertans/Moore leave in unrestricted free agency. Or they aren't meaningfully better than what we have now. Why are the Pelicans sellers in Zimmermans article, but not the Suns? They're a game and a half behind us, despite a double digit losing streak. They're 7-3 over their last 10. And they're getting Zion soon. According to this article, shouldn't they be pushing for a playoff run too? Except their key older role player (Redick) isn't leaving next year (Baynes)? Suns trade articles never consider the future beyond this season. Ever. It's why we see Kevin Love ideas weekly from national media. Everyone believes the Suns will make a shortsighted, stupid decision and push for the playoffs now. *Young rentals* Here's a major issue with Ojeleye, Brown: these trade ideas: we're going to give up value to get players who are too bad to make their team's rotation or be a part of their future. We still have to play those teams. So now we're handicapping ourselves, because not only are our players definitely worse, we have given up value for the privilege of paying those worse players. For free? Sure. For a Markelle Fultz? Sure. But none of these guys have that kind of upside. In exchange for Saric/Baynes? I think there are better options but sure, it's better than keeping them for no reason* I can see an argument for MPJ (prior to his resurgence), DJ Wilson, or even DSJ. Beasley I also can kind of understand, if the value given up isn't too high (this is what Bucks picks would be nice for, not Aron Baynes). But the Nuggets coaching staff/front office are too smart. If they let Beasley go, it will because they know he isn't that good. **McRae** Here's an idea. Rather than give value for someone Washington picked off the street, spend the time/effort/money to find guys off the street first. That way, you can get McRae and not have to trade anything for him. *Edit for clarity on "for"
Great write up. I would give him a D, but would upgrade to C- if he manages to get long term value out of Baynes/Saric at the deadline like the Ariza trade. Doubtful, if only because the other dummies in the Ariza trade were fired. Not many dummies left (NY/SAC maybe). I would also add the lack of attention paid to special roster slots. **Ayton suspension slot** What was the reason Jones gave for not using this extra roster spot? That we couldn't find anyone who would improve the team? Well that turned out to be a stupid thing to say. We ended up having to start Frank Kaminsky at C for several games. Oops, who could have known that shallow roster depth would be a bad thing. Perhaps the NBA knew, since they gave us an extra roster spot to deal with that exact problem. **Two way slots** He should get an F. Two years in a row, the Suns are the only team in the NBA to leave their two way slots open to start the season (Oct-Jan 15 this year, thru Dec 7 last year). And two years in a row, we have left that spot empty despite glaring depth problems. Last year, it was at PG. We finally got around to giving Jawun Evans a shot, two months after the season started. The lackadaisical approach to scouting or player development may be a factor, but even then you could look at a spreadsheet and just guess. They get paid like 75K and it doesn't count toward the cap. It is less valuable as the season goes on. They pro rate the days allowed in the NBA the longer into the season they're signed (Harper has most of his 45 days available, Owens only has 24 days allowed). And as far as player selection goes, an F. Did we not have enough PGs on this team? He got two of them during the draft alone. Owens might have been nice when Baynes/Ayton were out. And it's the most basic, thoughtless choice. Clearly, they weren't scouring the Gleague for the best player. They just picked the guy who has been on the preseason squad and gleague team the whole year. **10 days** This is where I think he has done okay. C. Emmanuel Terry/Ray Spalding/Quincy Acy were all fine, I guess.
&gt; We would have had no choice but to have used the waive stretch on Rhino's contract as he couldn't contribute at all. We can waive without stretching. Which is what happened to Kyle Korver, who has 3.4M in dead money this year. Also, a much smarter and more successful team, Miami, waived and stretched Ryan Anderson's contract. &gt; We would then still have had to include incentives to somebody to get off of JJ's contract which likely means the Memphis trade still happens. If we waived and stretched Anderson, we have the space for everything we did this offseason. That's $15M difference between Anderson (stretched) and Tyler Johnson. Also, as OP said, we should have waived and stretched JJ (2.3M over three years, not a big deal at all). Instead, we have no seconds, no Melton (current backup for the ROTY and key playoff team contributor), and Jevon Carter (woo). &gt; One understated positive of all these moves are that we have an astounding amount of expiring contracts Everyone and their mother has huge expiring contracts from the summer of 2016. It's not an accomplishment nor a benefit to the Suns at all. Gallinari, Morris Sr, Biyombo, MKG, Marvin Williams, Jeff Teague, Allen Crabbe, Goran Dragic, Ian Mahinmi, Derrick Favors, Paul Millsap, Mason Plumlee. I'm sure there's more.
What the hell was that lineup? Old/small Bender really should swap with Lecque in the Gleague.
This really isn't on Monty James Jones put this roster together. We traded a first round pick for Jerome.
Oubre, Cam is out This is why you don't sign 5'2'' Jared Harper to a two way contract when you have 5 pgs already
EDIT sorry wrong comment box Yes very true
Crazy to see Ayton on that save Did Booker nutmeg Tatum on that pass?
Quad
I like this Mikal Bridges who scores 19 points on 9 shots
Those broke guys are about to lose money
It's more of a reference to the 70 point game, probably. Against Boston in a loss
I don't think Oubre would destroy second units, maybe a little more than he does now. But it would be great to have his shot creation off the bench, if for no other reason that he's the only other guy besides Booker who can create his own shot Frank actually can, but he's injured for the next several weeks at least Okobo has flashes of being able to get to the basket but not finish.
The Suns would have to add stuff which doesn't make sense for us. Moving Harrell for Baynes doesn't make as much sense for the Clippers either. Zubac is okay. He's decent and is under contract for several years. Would rather have Kabengele, but salaries would have to be matched.
Tyler Ulis : height Ty Jerome : moving quickly
Maybe. He's played a lot more than he has in the past during the Ayton suspension He's averaging career highs in minutes as a result
Our Pythagorean wl is actually 20-22. Still, I don't think the Suns should operate based on their playoff race status or how good we should have been. We've dropped a few that we probably shouldn't have, but I think that isn't really an excuse as we've seen blown "safe" leads too many times. I care if the Suns can be set up to make the postseason next year and years beyond. Much more than I care about this year. Those years when Steph Curry/Klay Thompson don't miss a whole season. Years when 3/5 Portland starters don't lose the whole season to injury. Years where Zion plays before January 22. Going all in to make the playoffs once did not help Minnesota. It arguably hurt them. If the Suns make the playoffs, it won't be because we have Dario Saric or Aron Baynes or a new 6th backup PG. It'll be because Mikal learned to shoot again or Kelly Oubre remains at a high level or Ayton continues to improve. That's what I care about. Sustainable, meaningful improvement from the core players on this team. And that doesn't include Baynes/Saric.
Monty has no fear when it comes to lineups Maybe not a prisoner of the moment, but if we can say anything about Monty, it's that he isn't afraid to go against convention
Aron Baynes needs to get healthy for trade season After the deadline, I would very much like to see Tyler Johnson bought out. We have so little depth at forward that any random Gleague player would be better than Tyler. Edit At PF, we have Saric. And that's it right now...what's Emmanuel Terry up to?
Cam is going to be 24 in March. PJ Washington is 21. Sekou Doumbouya is 19. You can't ignore Cam's age. It matters. With very few exceptions, older players don't develop as much as younger ones.
Actually lesser assets. It was the Bucks pick. Excuse me while I die inside. https://www.google.com/amp/s/clutchpoints.com/suns-rumors-robert-sarver-overruled-draft-night-trade-for-now-clippers-guard-shai-gilgeous-alexander/amp/
So does Kendall Marshall. That kind of player isn't worth much unless they're an All NBA defender and 6'10'' (Ben Simmons).
Losing trade value
I like this significantly more
Same shit different day. Comeback to lose by single digits. Happens all the time, Lakers game, Grizzlies game, Rockets game. Ultimately means nothing. We're just a little bit worse than the Spurs and we couldn't beat them. Neither team is actually good in any sense of the word.
James Jones already fucked our bench by paying Memphis/Indiana to take good players. I shudder to think what his idea of fixing the bench is. More college "winners" like Ty Jerome and Frank Kaminsky, probably.
Kelly Oubre traded with a two unprotected first round picks for cap space Trade another first for Kevin Love because veteran
It's still worth nothing. It's not worth any more than Biyombo, Teague, Crabbe, Ariza, MKG, Marvin Williams, Chandler Parsons, Meyers Leonard, Goran Dragic. He's probably worth less than those players, besides Parsons. Everyone has expiring money, unless you're willing to take on bad salary it's worth nothing.
They retired a jersey for a player best known for intentionally injuring other players.
&gt; this loss again shows how much the Suns need to improve the bench. There's not much we can do about that until the offseason. There aren't any big names in free agency, but the Suns are one of 7 teams with 10+M in cap space. We'll be in a good position then. Until then...well hopefully Kaminsky comes back. No point in being buyers this season.
&gt; The lack of talent coming off the bench needs to be addressed Like right now? This is how teams trick themselves into trading 1st round picks for Jeff Green. Only 7 teams will have 10M or more in cap space this summer, including us. If we're going to give Ayton multiple years to be great, let's do the same for the organization overall.
Kaminsky might come back or we can get a new roster spot for his injury (I think); they said they'd reevaluate after 4 weeks and that was early January. Cam Johnson will be back.
The seed is strong.
As bad as the movie is, I do find it kind of fascinating. Like a bad car accident. I think it's garbage, like the writers' other works Batman v Superman. Perhaps it's because I like Star Wars, but I find I'm returning to read threads about this terrible movie, even though I wouldn't for Batman v Superman.
Some people like the Phantom Menace. Some people liked when that guy said "You're alone? I'll name you Solo" in Solo. Some people like crack. Crack is bad for you, but it doesn't stop them from putting it in their body.
The theory of Aaron Gordon is always better than the reality It's not the worst idea but I wouldn't go for it.
Suns have never tanked. We have only ever tried to win now and failed.
Milwaukee didn't have a winning culture. They lost tons of games until recently. Their head coach was most famous for spilling his drink on purpose. They have Giannis. That's really all it takes. And there's only one way to get a Giannis if you're the Suns and have no trade assets for real stars. Plus, we can't be trading picks for Schroeder when other teams trade picks for Anthony Davis.
I don't think Love can get moved without at least one unprotected first, which in turn doesn't work for Cleveland.
Situationally, it doesn't make sense. Harrell is a great small ball 5. Ivica Zubac is a more traditional big slow C. If they acquire another big slow C, they're not going to want to lose the flexibility to play Harrell. The playoffs are like a flexible deck building game. Each team has their players, but they regularly switch around lineups or assignments to get an advantage. Having two different kinds of Cs is an advantage. Having two of the same (defensively) C is not.
It's not the scientific aspect of it. It's the emotional weight of it. Why should we care if Palpatine is defeated in this movie? Well now we know he can come back at any time. So none of this film matters, let alone the original ones. They never give us any more reason to believe this is it for Palpatine than we got in ROTJ. We never know how he survived. So killing him is inherently meaningless because we don't know he's actually dead.
https://stuffwhitepeoplelike.com/2008/03/11/87-outdoor-performance-clothes/
We need to get something for Baynes before he leaves/is overpaid in free agency. Curry or Wright or Brunson is something. Brunson is preferable because of cost. Delon is the best athlete and probably the best player of the bunch.
Markannen would cost too much and possibly not make any difference at all He's not better than any other PF in the draft or in free agency. He's just a guy.
No more win now trades This is how you pay the Pacers to take TJ Warren
Yeah, trade our pick for Brandon Knight
They don't even have to be better pieces, that's a tall ask to trade them straight up for better bench pierces. Just pieces that we might want to bring back next year or are under contract. Like DJ Wilson or Zhaire Smith. Both bad players on good teams. Or Ivica Zubac. Or Jalen Brunson
The dude is actually poor compared to most NBA owners. He's not even close to a billionaire. He's not even a half billionaire.
Plus, James Jones has gotten utterly destroyed in every trade besides the Oubre/Brooks debacle thus far. Clearly, he's awful at trades and can't be trusted. One can only imagine the horrible trades he could do with that contract.
God I forgot Stanley Johnson. Booker is from Michigan too. He was a big Rip Hamilton fan growing up.
Sixers Lakers Suns One of these things is not like the others. I'd rather have the 12th-15th pick in the draft. Not even remotely close.
The Timberwolves won 36 games last year. The Wizards won 32. Both teams fired their front offices. Being a 30 win team might marginally be better than a 20 win team, but it's not like it's a clear path to success going forward.
Not sure why this is getting deleted. Apparently Marc Stein Clippers tweets are okay, but not Suns tweets.
As opposed to the creation of Lightning ports, a new phone every year, and a planned obselecense via battery life? Why even make this argument?
Wasn't the trade. It was TJ for Saric, Ty Jerome, Baynes, and Lecque.
This is false. The question was do we want Baynes, Jerome, Saric, and Lecque? Between all of them, the cap space saved from TJ is gone.
TJ is the leading scorer on a playoff team. Baynes and Saric don't matter to the future of this team and aren't exactly super important to the present. Jerome is older than Bender. Lecque doesn't matter. He hasn't seen meaningful minutes and struggles in the Gleague. And also Indiana traded that pick for 3 future picks.
If I'm correct, than we could have kept TJ, the 32nd pick (traded it like Indiana did for three future picks) and signed Rubio
They could have shed Jackson for free. For nothing. No picks no Melton. Nothing. Unless we're really going to need 2.3M next year. If that's the difference between Anthony Davis and no Anthony Davis, then it made sense. Otherwise, they should have just stretched his contract.
No, that would be bad but understandable It was TJ, 32nd pick, and the Bucks pick for Saric, Baynes, Ty Jerome, and Jalen Lecque.
James Jones is lazy and doesn't like to make extra calls. That's the best explanation I can come up with This is a guy who basically forgot we had another two way slot until January 15.
Ryan McDonough is the best! The Suns can't fire him! - you, 2015-2018
Republicans would kill their own children if a liberal also died. You can't reason with people who have such murderous intent.
We could have We had a lot of space even with TJ Warren We opened up lots of space with Warren, but immediately filled it with Saric, Baynes, Lecque, Jerome. They take up all but like 0.9M of TJ Warren's salary.
Suns either need to stand pat or sell on players like Baynes, not buy. https://tradenba.com/trades/CRK50CVTs Baynes for Boban and the 2020 GSW 2nd. Suns not only get a high 2nd, they get Boban. If we're going to want a C for practice, why not get the guy who gave Ayton fits last year?
It's bizarre. Especially during the offseason.
? I'm not arguing for more Robert Sarver win now impatience. The Suns are still in the NBA next year. What good does it to sacrifice anything for now, knowing it hurts us in the future? I'm saying that we need to worry about the Steph/Klay Warriors. Who cares about barely making the playoffs in a down year, when it makes us worse next year and the years beyond (and it does). We can compete with the Warriors next year IF we don't try to do dumb shit like trade first round picks for Brandon Knight/Derrick Rose/Danilo Gallinari.
Correct, the Blazers are coming back strong too. Nobody's out. That's the point. I could not care less about the eight seed in 2020. It is entirely insignificant to this team. I want the Suns to build a championship contending team, not a would be eight seed team. That involves patience and some risk, not dumping picks for low ceiling sure things like Derrick Rose. What matters is building the team patiently and intelligently. That's all that matters.
No. A Siakam like leap? I don't think you can predict a Siakam like leap, for one. It's not like anybody predicted Siakam's improvement to an All Star starter. Similarly, if Grant does do it, it'd be really surprising. Especially given that they're the same age.
Two years of a 4/70M contract would be 35M. He's made 4M instead. Sometimes not getting an extension works out, like it certainly will for Brandon Ingram. But usually it doesn't.
I'm sure they'll just hand him over. Better idea, have a better God damn scouting department and draft/sign Terrence Davis (undrafted) in the first place.
Trade down for more picks maybe. Oklahoma and Boston have multiple picks and Boston already has 14 players under contract next year.
Well I hope that puts a lid on the dumb push for the eight seed trade rumblings, though I know it won't. Not that anyone will be doing a lot of that on a day like today. Unfortunately, no 19-27 team has any business thinking about anything but the draft and the offseason. We'd have to go 22-14 just to be 500. It's not happening and it won't happen, no matter what dumb win now move we do. This is fine. It is what it is. We have 36 games left. It's reasonable to assume we can probably still be a run of the mill bad team (14-22 = 33 wins, so the Wizards last year) rather than a complete joke (us for a long time). The worst thing they can do is panic and trade picks for the privilege of tanking for another team, instead of ourselves.
I can't bring myself to care about this. At all. If the Suns want to be better than the Grizzlies, we should start by not sending them more of our picks or young players for nothing. I'm upset that their defensive strategy of "they can't call all the fouls if we do nothing but foul" is allowed, especially given JJJ and Brooks should be foul machines. That upsets me, not some dumb fans on the internet. Who cares what they think?
Can you cover whether a midseason/trade deadline bubble team giving up future value (young players, picks) for short term veterans ever worked out? And the long term effects of that?
Boo hoo
A bad idea. We have too many young player/draft resources in the backup PG position to sign ANOTHER one. We have four options. Ty Jerome/Jevon Carter/Jalen Lecque/Elie Okobo. Best option is just to We have to stop imagining this is a winning, above 500, playoff team. It isn't. That's over. Time to build for the future, and that involves a lot of losing. TJ McConnell was on the Process Sixers before the playoff ones.
No. This is utterly ridiculous. Should the Knicks trade their first round pick too?
&gt; They never bottomed out properly and always had talent and a competently built roster. This is completely misleading. They traded their cap space for two first round picks and salary dumps (Solomon Hill, Andre Iguodala). As it turns out, getting salary dumps is as effective as signing veteran free agents (Ariza, Dudley, Chandler). The Suns have never done that. We give away first round picks so teams can dump salary (Baynes) on us.
It doesn't matter, Memphis turned down his team option so he's probably not going to be there next year.
Bender did not lack for effort. He lacked confidence to do anything but shoot threes. Like all the confidence
Hey that wasn't half bad. Let's just do more of that.
It's not like 3 point shooting teams need the help anyway. The league isn't in danger of having another Wilt.
Still very, very nervous
Well hopefully this is the game that gets Ty Jerome going Helps to go against his hopefully future self, JJ Barea
Hey ^I ^think ^we ^might ^win ^this ^one.
This is going to really fuck with our Pythagorean wins
Pythagorean wins is a formula that calculates what the expected win total would be, given the points for and points against. [ Formula here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pythagorean_expectation#Use_in_basketball) ESPN uses 16.5 instead of 13.91
Not until next offseason anyway
So when are we trading for John Heard?
As expected, that really messed with our Pythagorean WL 23-24
He'll be [Arenas restricted](https://www.hoopsrumors.com/2018/02/hoops-rumors-glossary-gilbert-arenas-provision.html) though, meaning he can't make more than about 9M a year for the first two years. Fun fact; the reason Tyler Johnson makes so much money. &gt; The Nets attempted to pry him away with an aggressive offer sheet that featured salaries of $5,628,000, $5,881,260, $19,245,370, and $19,245,370.
I wouldn't go far to say that you're good at making things up, or anything for that matter. Just like dear leader, you're probably just bad at everything despite being given many advantages in life.
Police unions are garbage people. In 2011 Wisconsin, the teachers union protested against public union benefits cuts. The police union supported them, until they got their own side deal (cutting out everyone else) and sold them out.
They can, but they can only sign him up to that option If the Hawks want to make another Jabari Parker offer they can't match it if they wanted to *
How small does your penis have to be and how close to bald do you have to be to stand up for abusive cops on the internet? Imagine being the kind of person who, to feel like a real man, has to defend aggressive shitheads in uniform who beat people up for not reason. Just shave your head and work out more, stop taking it out on everyone else.
To be fair, I don't think the argument is injury so much as the virus that's killed 110,000 Americans in about five months. And 1003 just yesterday. But considering they're going to test people and restrict the number of coaches/etc, they can probably keep it safe. Coronavirus is a good excuse to cancel the whole season, but I don't think it's a good excuse to keep out teams from playing if the season does return. With all the testing they will do, I'd say they probably have that covered. We should all hope we can get tested like them soon, but I'll be glad to have basketball back.
If the Athletic is just going to be another Bleacher Report, I don't see why I or anyone else would stay subscribed. The only reason I subscribe is the team focused coverage. Constant, close to the team coverage. Not just speculation, but interviews and player QAs. Maybe the Athletic is just spending money to impress VCs now. We have former GMs, Sam Amick, blah blah. Like if they expect anyone subscribing to value their league wide analysis or coverage when Zach Lowe, Sports Illustrated, The Ringer, etc are all free, they're pretty delusional. Anyone who cares about sports enough to pay for the Athletic cares about their teams more than anything else. If I want to read about other teams I'll wait for Lowes next 10 things or the Ringer or a couple dozen other free providers. I subscribe because there isn't another place to get 2000 word Frank Kaminsky articles.
I don't know, but it's not a good sign that they laid off the Suns, Coyotes, and Cardinals writers all at once. Maybe they don't have the interest or click counts they're looking for, maybe they're exiting the Arizona market entirely.
Fair trade for superman I guess.
This is a convenient excuse to never cast any black people in anything but ghetto/slave roles. Sue Storm is white because many white people dislike (and continue to dislike) black people. They're trying to sell comic books, best way to get them thrown out in the 60s is have interracial families on the cover.
I didn't see white people going "HOW DARE YOU CAST A NONHISPANIC AS BANE" when the very white Tom Hardy was cast as the obviously Hispanic Bane. It's not about race, it's about casting the character itself. If a character can't be described without mentioning their race, how good a character is it really?
Yes, that's worked out soooo well. People will just bitch about the shoehorned in colored people. White people are never happy. You were livid when Alba (who is Hispanic) was cast as Sue Storm. You were livid with black Johnny Storm. Yet white people were silent when half Hispanic, native Spanish speaker Bane was white Englishmen Tom Hardy. Nobody said shit when Arabic Rhas AL Gul was Liam Neeson. So spare us the selective outrage, might as well say all casts matter.
The governor of Georgia is probably two bad Trump polls away from reintroducing slavery. That might sound harsh. But if they are going to hold sham elections and remove the right to vote, there is no reason to expect they will respect the right to live or be free. If there are no dire consequences for oppressing people, then they will not stop oppressing them. The masters who survived the war never stopped slavery, they just called it share cropping. The only masters who stopped slavery on their plantations were dead.
That's an argument for free agency, not the draft. You can get Cameron Johnson in free agency. His name is Doug McDermott/Joe Harris, and I'm pretty sure he'd take our calls. You cant get a Giannis in free agency. That is only available in the draft. The draft is a crapshoot by its very nature. Cameron Johnson was not in any way a sure thing. Nobody knows for sure what they're getting, it doesn't matter how old they are. Look at Ty Jerome for example. He was an experienced collegiate player with lots of success, and he's probably the worst player to get minutes this year besides Jalen Lecque. You would rightly be upset if we passed on Steph Curry for Bruce Bowen.
I think you're making a mistake if you think they aren't capable of all of that and more.
I don't know if you've been paying attention, but half of America is making fun of George Floyd by mock kneeling on each other. They denied regular flu vaccines to kids in their concentration camps, hoping it would kill them. Republican senators in PA didn't tell their democratic colleagues that one of them had COVID and they were all self quarantining. The only possible explanation is that they were weaponizing the virus against the Democrats and their families. If they didn't want to kill Americans, they should stop trying to kill Americans.
The right are evil by nature. If it were "don't kill black people" they'd find a way to twist it. Even on unambiguously good things, Republicans will oppose it because they are not human like the rest of us. Just how they view George Floyd. An unambiguous murder in broad daylight in the street, and they dont even bat an eye Instead, Republicans make fun of him by kneeling on each other for social media. Murdering black people is either a joke or a good thing to Republicans. From top to bottom, Republicans know the score. They twist the narrative to satisfy society, filled with moderates and liberals. But that narrative twisting is just to annoy us and make them seem human.
People who watch Fox know the score. They're not misled or dumb. They kneel on each other for social media. To make fun of George Floyd's murder. That's who they are. They celebrate things like Breonna Taylor's murder and the Walmart shooter. The narrative twisting is for us, to fool us into thinking have beliefs or morals.
Teacher unions aren't protecting killers If a teacher kills a student, they get arrested.
Him: Police have a monopoly on violence and should not be allowed to govern how that violence is used You: actually they should have no restrictions on violence
To be fair, that makes Trump a good Republican. Most Republicans would support a return of slavery.
Yes but anyone paying half attention knew it wasn't close to being a championship team or really much of anything. A better GM would have continued the course and went full tank. Better GMs would have been able to sell that to Sarver and fans. Plus, he never sold high on anyone. He got bottom bin prices for all the veteran players, except for Goran.
The Suns are not bad because we don't make splashy trades (we can't). The Suns are bad because we refused to tank and were bad anyway.
The tragedy of WWII Germany wasn't all the dead killers/Nazis, it was their vctilms The issue is they can infect innocent people too
No, I'm sorry. It's not sad that Hitler died. It's sad that he existed. It's sad that the Nazis were ever born. But it's not tragic that they're dead.
It's because we spent our assets on Marquese Chriss, Ty Jerome, and Mikal Bridges. Another reason is that we sold low on everyone we had, if we ever sold at all. Look how fast Oklahoma traded Paul George who was under contract for two more years. Compare that to Eric Bledsoe or PJ Tucker.
He is still expected to go to Orlando though.
It's always everyone else who has to sacrifice Somehow never the owners turn to sacrifice. Like the rest of the world has to be built for them to be guaranteed profit or something bad will happen. Heaven forbid Glen Taylor's net worth goes from $3.2B to $3.197B
Again, what does he do besides exist? And make an enemy of the best player of his franchise, he does that too. Money? That's it? So he could be replaced with a bank? I'm suggesting that Kyrie has a lot of dumb ideas, but a labor owned basketball league isn't one. The owners do nothing but take the value that is generated by everyone else but them. The Green Bay Packers seem to do just fine being a publicly owned nonprofit organization. Glen Taylor does nothing but take value. There is clearly no risk to his capital involved, since he lays off anyone at the first sign of hardship. They're going to rip up the CBA.
I exchange time for money, like the majority of people.
Also new to options. I did the exact opposite with GNC, just happened to have a different philosophy. Being okay with losing the max loss. I also watched the option alpha beginner videos like a dozen times before I did anything. I agree with you, options are confusing as heck. I still don't understand a diagonal spread and I'm not going to consider it for now. I bought 100 shares at 0.50 and sold the $1c. I just did it again. And I'll probably do it again until the option is exercised. Sold it for 0.30 so I'm "up" so long as the stock doesn't go above 1.30 at expiration. If it does, well, phooey. I guess people need their protein. I didn't research GNC. I didn't look at their cash/debt/balance or earnings. My logic on GNC was: can I live with throwing $50 (price of the shares) on a basketball game? The answer is yes, though I don't gamble on sports. Just from a fellow new options trader, I tend to stay away from anything that has over $100 in risk. **I like the advice that option alpha videos had. Trade small positions.** I rarely stray to options with $2.50 strikes width. **Naked puts:** I too have sold naked puts. Now I know it's sort of dumb, but yeah I didn't necessarily before. But they're all $2 strikes and under. I'm absolutely fine with losing $100 ($75 net) if NIO goes bankrupt in the meantime. If CRC goes bankrupt tomorrow I'll be out $50 ($45). That said, a few weeks back I sold an ITM put on LYG $2 which got exercised, but I figured it's a giant bank/insurer, been around since 1695, and if it goes to $0 we'll probably have bigger issues to worry about. The "breakeven" point was 1.20 and it was an 80cent credit. I figured the 52 week low in March was 1.27 so how bad could it get? If anyone is reading this, let me know if this was a dumb assumption or philosophy. I'm curious. http://imgur.com/a/zbRSjP3 If my day is going to be ruined if the trade goes another way, I'm not even thinking about it. I'm going to lose $30 tomorrow on LUV call spreads. God willing LUV doesn't go to 28.49. Just as a fellow newcomer exploring, via real and now paper trades. Paper trading is so far useful just to see how things work. Like I understood intellectually how you must wait on an iron fly to make money, but I didn't understand how agonizingly long that takes until this week paper trading GE.
Also, libertarians: it's only class warfare when poor people want to do it!
It wasn't a "unite the left" rally. 18 year right wing congressman Steve King, primaried as ineffective because his racism is too loud (not like he just became racist last year) and he was removed from important committees: "culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies" 2 year congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio Cortez: fuck it I could put anything here and you'd say it was equally bad or worse. Amazon should pay taxes, Stephen Miller should resign, all the hits. Fun fact on Steve King: he was primaried because he was no longer an effective racist after his committees were taken away. Not because of his racism. Feenstra's Steve King can't deliver ad: https://youtu.be/BCaDefzzkCw
I'm not sure you have to feel sad when bad things happen to evil people Suicide is usually tragic, but I wish Hitler thought of it earlier.
It's in a church that only seats 3000. It also has special COVID-19 deletion magic. https://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/news/trump-rally-phoenix-megachurch-touts-coronavirus-killing-air-system-11476983
We shouldn't care what thieves and killers think. We know Republicans kill and steal via policy. It's been proven over and over. Even their supporters only vote for them to "hurt the right people". Republicans have the moral standing of hitmen, since they only kill for money and not brain chemistry. We shouldn't treat them as if they have worthwhile ideas or concerns.
Why? Why should we leave this inhuman garbage on the bench? Trump does that sort of stuff all the time for nothing but money and the power to hurt or kill Americans. Why should we do any less for the good of humanity? Why should evil be allowed to poison us? For the sake of rules that evil does not subject themselves to?
It's not that funny. These unrepentant murderers are intentionally going around to spread this disease to kill people. Just to own the libs and also it kills a lot of black people (bonus for them) I take mass murderers very seriously,
They don't want to because it's killing the right people. They want this. Killing Americans is now a goal of theirs. They have intentionally killed more Americans than Al Qaeda could ever dream of.
I hope we're pleasantly surprised, but history tells us no. We've had an extra roster spot since February when Boldens 10 day expired. We had an empty 2 way slot for the last two years about for 180 days, which is approximately 180 days longer than most teams keep empty two way slots. We didn't sign anyone to replace Ayton during the suspension, leading to Frank Kaminsky and/or Dario Saric at C. I feel like if we sign someone to that slot, it will probably be a wing. I have no confidence in us signing another two way player like the Rockets did (Morey signed a guy who can't play just to get his RFA rights, 4D chess right there). Sometimes I feel like the meme guy poking a stick at James Jones, "cmon do something". But not trade a second round pick to dump Oubre. Don't do that.
No, we didnt We did it for Jalen Lecque, Dario Saric, Ty Jerome, and Aron Baynes
I mean if that depth is Ty Jerome and Jalen Lecque, that's not really depth in any meaningful sense of the word Might as well be Jamal Crawford again
Wrong We wouldn't have Ty Jerome or Jalen Lecque
We've already seen plenty from Lecque and it's not good. If he's a God awful Gleague player, there is virtually no chance he's a good NBA player. Look at what smart teams are doing. The Nuggets are signing PJ Dozier. The Thunder signed Dort long term. The Mavericks signed Burke. The Sixer signed Broekoff. It's not about doing something in the playoffs. It's that the Suns, time after time, are asleep at the wheel. We didn't even scout anyone last year, we were just going off of 6 year old high school recruiting notes. More minutes to Bridges? What are we going to learn that we don't already know? That he's a really good player? The Rockets signed David Nwaba to a two way deal and he had season ending surgery. Because unlike the Suns, the Rockets are smart. They're trying to get better for the future. The Thunder didn't have to convert Dort to a four year deal. They did it because they're smart. They're taking advantage of this opportunity provided by the transaction window. The Suns are not acting like a smart team. There is no reason to assume that the Suns have some 5D chess opening and the Nuggets, Thunder, Rockets, Nets are the dumdums. Maybe it's Sarver being too cheap to pay 15 players at the same time, who knows.
I'm happy with anything at this point I was wondering if they just forgot
