I remember it was memes like dinner for one and table for one; don’t forget the comics.Now it’s all philosophical posts about suicide and shit.
“The ugly one” you already know
He pays people to hang out with him during lunch. He Looks like a youthful elephant man. His eyes are dead He’s fat and has a big forehead He never gets his crushes attention He just lands himself in detention The punishment past suspension is that The teachers punish girls by sitting them next to him
“I met her on the internet” *pulls a anime picture of a under aged girl he found in his waifu folder
At least you can still accomplish a arranged marriage
Cuck Dynasty
You got welfare tighs
You’re fat.
I have my weights in the rain forest
Jet fuel doesn’t melt steel dildos
Hot nigga go hard as fuck
Dam I was finna hit up this qt pie at the gym but mah boi here is six something and still got rejected. Looks like another year of anime porn and tables for one 4 your boi
When this girl pops up on some guys tinder, he Doesn’t even swipe he just uninstalls the app and kills himself
She needs to be roasted on so the fat will melt and she can finally get Through that door
Even that owl towel by the stove is starring at his ass
We are currently looking for candidates who are six feet and have chiseled jaws. They must lift and shower daily, no exceptions! Candidates must also be able to be endowed enough to hit the rib cage. All employees of normie inc must be active in social media and have a following of over 99 people and psn or Xbox live friends are prohibited .we will also be conducting background checks on candidates. We will ask your old classmates and coworkers going back to grammar school. We will also run a screen on your hard drives of all electronic devices. Pictures of anime women and depressed amphibians will automatically disqualify candidates.
Sixteen? Out out out! I’m 13 years older than you. Just be active and lay off all electronics
I’m finna go in the woods with no internet connection and meditate until I can levitate and use my wizard powers to start a magic act and charge normies admission fees. I’m going to have them pay me for my time. My sidekick would be a lifelike sex doll that I Controll through telekinesis and use my ventriloquist skills for her voice. Norminoids would shower me with their earnings. My powers would be so strong that the government would use me for special ed ops missions where I use my autism to weed out terror in little sand houses in middle eastern boonies. We all gonna make it bruhs
You are entitled to a downvote
You addict!
Is drinking the key?
I wanna wath sonik tha heghog
When you have that much you don’t know who’s your friend or they’re just in it for the money. Even if wealth doesn’t purchase happiness don’t discredit money like it’s a insignificant perk. Because total happiness is never achieved. You see the richest people not content with their net worth’s and you see body builders who are freakishly massive still striving for more. People climb the tallest peaks and when they get there it’s like what’s next but there’s nothing because they climbed the highest point on earth. No one will ever be truly happy and there is always something missing. Look at us, most of us don’t have wealth but we have enough money to be fed and clothed. We have enough to take part in expensive hobbies like online gameing. But we still want love however it seems like we have no other mothefucking choice either to self improve to the point we transform to someone else or just stay stagnant in mediocrity. what keeps me going is the carrot in font of me of a better tomorrow, but this ass is finding out that that sweet carrot will never satisfy me. It’s bs to realize that true infinite happiness will never br obtainable l. But my dude, enjoy your fucking money. Don’t be ashamed of It,own it! Bask in the glory of your heritage, you have royalty in your DNA.
Tfw worship god my whole life and die then realize he doesn’t even exist
This isn’t even my final form
It doesn’t get easier it hurts every time
Such is life in the tank
I got legit superpowers when my lap top was taken and i only had a flip phone. No tv to boot, without these electronics I was a fucking god, my mind was so fucking great.
Aqua man doesn’t come out until the 22 of this month
I fuckin made it bergs! I’m going to be around a bunch of people for Christmas haha! Seeya looooosers! Because I’m workin that day
Just feel the same disappointment as my parents.
“First person born on the moon turns 55 years old”
Just take the bus
#meplese
Unfortunately I’m too self aware for this kind of advice
Unleaded plus suicide fuel for me is when a girl gives her sick boyfriend soup or other homemade remedies to make him well. Because when I had surgery I had to make my own food while recovering.
- goes to work at seven -is home by 4 You fuggin asshole
Who cares if they take over some towns on the Mid East. Let them deal with that bullshit.
There is. Rise the fuck up and fight for a better tomorrow or else this stagnation will continue while they line their pockets and keep you distracted by electronics,movies,and sports.
They have a nutjob. Zing!
I’m beyond repair
Mine died before I was born
These mothafukas tried to make me do 4 hours on my day off! I was like hellll nah bruh miss me with that bull.
Going to the gym
I went off at work about how UFOs from a alien species may not have lights because they evolved in a environment where they developed a different sense to observe their surroundings other than eyesight. My coworker looked at me all crazy then left the lunchroom.
Majin buu loonkin ass. Eat her way out of a gingerbread house lookin ass. Scale breaking doctor hating lookin ass. necklace with no neck lookin ass. Type three diabetes having ass. High blood pressure pill prescription having ass. personal trainer ducking had birthday at buffet and her gift was a gift card to that buffet having ass. Needs a ramp to board a bus having ass. Crack the ground every time she steps having ass. Suicide attempts on the treadmill having ass. Takes the iceberg lettuce off her mc chickens having ass. Hasn’t stepped foot in a gym since she saw her feet. Diabetic ulcer having ass.
Down for the syndrome
What’s up with all these chip posters
Honestly when I look at my life from a objective stance I’m blessed. I can lift I’m not crippled,I got my hobbies like writing incel rap and outdoors I got my imaginary universe where i cruse around in this powerful avatar and kick ass. No fapping my way from humanity trying to be ultra instinct. So fucked up from no human relations during my formative years that when I crawled out of the proverbial pit that my perspective is totally different from that of normals. Those areas of the brain that supposed to be used for social gains are used for problem solving and seeing issues by the whole picture. If I wanted to I can do something very cool. This is so comfy having no social obligations and just doing me it’s almost unfair. I’m one of the meatballs in the gym like if they had a mint tournament of power in our gym I would be invited. Tfw never had to meet a girls dad tfw no drama #tfw
Try to do the kamehameha technique
Pull out the sex doll and put her on the table and ask her what she would think. Wrap your hand around her jaw and like a ventriloquist make her say “very good idea,I like very cool!”
I think because most experienced fishermen fish know where the fish are and cast at the same spots where other fishermen cast and the fish aren’t fooled because they see those lures day in and day out with the same presentation. A kid on the other hand will just cast anywhere and reel it in awkwardly making the presentation of the lure look like something the fish doesn’t see as often and it investigates.
I went to a cove at this lake and there were 100s of carp jumping. I caught a 40lb carp almost 4 feet long. Fucker took 10 minutes to pull in.
What If I lick the pole like the Christmas story.
Tfw going to the gym and my good side was fucked up by a accident. Shoulder,hip,knee are clicking and hurting. Can’t lift a gallon of milk. Used of be one of the stronger dudes at the gym a regular. I am just numb, I had this dumb goal where I would cut down and get a gf and we would go out on dates and shit. I wanted to do this before 30. Now all I do is pk fire and freeze
I watched a porn today and feel irritable
Where’s the air hockey table
Just like a mini mall
I learned how to camp in cod
They probably don’t have eyes but use unknown senses to travel around.
I got into one too and my entire side was in so much pain the two weeks after that I couldn’t sleep. My shoulder is not the same neither is my knee or hip. Back feels like needles sometimes. Why do people have to run lights and signs is beyond me.
Any late 20s and early 30s feel like they missed the boat?
The camp is not the problem it is your brain on porn, propaganda,and internet. You can go on a hike if you want to get some alone time.
Work comp doctors are the biggest scam in the us, how is this even legal is beyond me.
Go to company doctor for a exray, he said they were negative. Go to another one, a dislocation found on the same exray. Wtf
Still won’t recover
It’s over bro.
As a cdl driver, 98% of the people do not know how to drive. They don’t even know what is going on car ahead
At my hardest I fucked a wild watermelon in a porno induced high.
Nice guys finish last, bad boys finish on her face. Your buddy is the smart one and you the stupid one.
That garbage dude’s brain has hella wrinkles.
I rather get those at the thrift store. Some of the books there are fire for cheap
Have sex
Fuck, it is hard to remember black ops one and two. When I look back at those games I don’t remember them. They mash up and I cannot recall a thing that makes them unique.
How did you get 100+k?
Brb,Going to commit sushi .
-I’m not fat -tfw got fat during a depression episode
Hope? Hahahahaha hope is for attractive people and people with potential! There is not enough willpower in this earth to derail the ugly train.
You go to a bar and talk to someone but they didn’t want to go any further? What’s the point of going to talk to someone at a bar ? Playin games
I stopped being fat and built all kinds of gains ten years at the gym. Never a signal.
Mom butts.
[When your crush likes girls](https://previews.123rf.com/images/zurijeta/zurijeta0907/zurijeta090700166/5142560-Man-is-looking-at-himself-in-mirror-and-putting-make-up-Stock-Photo.jpg)
Debatable
LoL
When your crush says she’s lesbian
Dude let it go, those are endangered.it is against the law to handle them.
I bet they still opt for the wild caviar.
I cannot even right now
At least she waved bro.
If you’re not six feet over you might as well be six feet under
Keep posted
As a giga virgin, I would sperg out
2006 - 2010 online console gaming will never be touched, ever. Lobbies were crazy with cursing and being sent death threats for camping.
Chemo crisp
Tell the guy what she did so you can ruin that relationship.
Illegals every where I never seen it this bad. I fish at lakes and reservoirs and they are everywhere leaving trash. Empty Bags of anchovies, liver cups,and diapers on the shoreline. I have fishing these lakes and rivers since I was 5, I’m 30 now and as of the last ten years it is horrible. There are no more fish and a lot of places that had access are now closed. Trump is not doing jack shit about it I see it worse than ever.
Tendies tendies are so yum Sissy henti makes me cum Sleep and fap my day is done Chads and normies r so dumb Work all day for car and gas Would get fired if I hurt my back Eating garbage during lunch Vending machine chips crunch crunch crunch Go home and watch one video Get up out of bed really slow Another day another dollar All my money goes on food and water At work my day is spent No savings because of rent No kids or wife No time to date on my 4 to five Every day I think of suicide
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
We still have it in us.
It’s over bros
I was getting back into the gym after my right knee got fucked up then I got into a accident and got fucked up again. I was stronger than ever too.
I did that to a egg lol
Funny you bring up cookies. Reminds me of the time my teacher had a ice cream party for us and made me go into the office alone until lunchtime. I spent days in that office.
Madness
I even get bored of video games now. I just play my game,lay around, then play my game.
You can buy sex? I can go to K mart and one of the cute associates approaches and says “how can I help you” look at her in the face and say “I want sex”
She’s busy because I’m ugly.
Getting a girl for a good looking guy is like walking to the fridge For the ugly, 100x earths gravity
Holly shit,’those exist?
My looks give all the single women I talk to boyfriends and all the unemployed chicks suddenly have jobs.
Undercover secret weapon to combat aliens
Want to rope myself but doughnuts
At least he can hear his team lose
E 40 has some of the hardest verses in ever. Dude is top tier
It’s me! Nah just kidding you lost me at handsome and smart
What is snap?
What did you expect? Looks matter anything else is just a delusion of the ugly.
This dude just keeps on winning
3 d chessboard
Going to listen brb
How does it work? I hear about people doin it all the time and want in on the action.
This should have been the ending of Mario 64. You can’t screw a cake
I need tbis
Pokémon world. Make it happen. I wanna solve puzzles and defeat team rocket balloons.
Is that maple syrup
Looks like that Gingers have souls guy
Im at the end of several spectrums
It’s like a ghetto Disney land attraction.
Tfw one stock in the sack and finna nut within a stroke
“How old are you? Not even once? That’s crazy dude “
We need one of these servers for smash ultimate because there is no excuse for this lag.
Creative revolution
Yang gang 2030
But it’s the most honest one so far
Say hi to the fbi
I never heard this line before. Lol
The mental gymnastics in this post is made my brain sprain a ankle
I saw a cluster of them in the sky but the lights seemed far away and moved very slowly eastward. They moved slowly in unison like they were attached
Or LA
As long as you consume you are not worthless.
DKs?
Tfw missed out on Pokémon go.
I did that before and one of the girls got their boyfriend and his friends to rush me and I almost got beat up bad. Lol
Dip and split The bust and ghost
Anyone remember getting goodie bags in toys r us back in the day? Little boxes with a candy toy and granola.
When you get married you can use a doughnut instead of a wedding ring.
Dropped a mixtape
Using a heavy on smashing
One of my problems is no gf and getting a gf will fix the gf problem. Like a house that needs some fixing, a squeaky floor and leaking roof. Sure fixing the leak won’t paint the house or quiet Down the squeak, but the hole will get bigger and cause more issues down the line. May even total the house.
Did you work at game stop for 11 years?
Power levels are off the charts
But for that to happen I have to have sex first. Before I have sex I have to get a gf. Before I get a gf I have to go on a date. Before I go on a date I have to have chemistry. The prerequisite for chemistry with a lady is having the social skills to swoon her over because lord knows my looks won’t be enough. I have yet to compete step one brehs. Thinking about nonexistent kids at this stage is as far fetched as thinking about pro baseball and have yet to purchase cleats. I’m fucking thirty less than a year,no girl in her right mind would do me. A old ass man with the dating experience of a toddler.
I went down far enough in body fat to see abs and gaining it back now after a accident. I was bullied into getting ptsd around laughing people. Literal flashbacks and heart palpitations reliving the moments I was bullied my entire k-12.
I feel so ugly that I don’t feel worthy of nice clothes.
I think This is the biggest problem. Working overtime and still not enough. Some people have to get 3’jobs because they cut hours
I keep getting my ass kicked so I turned off the game. I never went to elite smash. How does it work?
It’s fun when they get arson then they jump. Up smash them and they die.lol
Every one is out to get you. Your job,your employer who you think is cool, watch what you say. Every one trust no one
The size of that fish has a gravitational pull so the guy is just orbiting the fish. Nice
They have sex like 3 billion times a day so if one nut has like 20 sperms. That’s three billion times thirty lil nuts going into a egg per day. lil nuts running on burgers and soda
I come to terms that I will be a wizard because there isn’t enough time to improve myself enough physically or mentally to have chemistry with a girl for her to be a girlfriend less than 12 months.I realize that I will always be 3 rd wheel because I never experienced things that make a person in my formative years to connect with people. Normal men my age have had lots of sex and many relationships. I try to communicate with them but there is this wall between us. So I don’t go out also because I am embarrassed if my ugly body and face. So I just stay home and scream at Kirby mains on smash for inhaling me then throwing me off under the map. Fuck Kirby
Have to work a job you hate to live a life you dislike. That is hell.
The reason why that is a saying is because the producers all ready saw the future
My 18th birthday was over 10 years ago my dude. You should just go on a long drive and think about shit. You don’t need people around you that’s for norms
I’m uglier and I am accountable for everything. No slack just strict rules. Nice looking people get slack and stray out of lane without much backlash.
I will never look at her like I look at anime traps.
Who’s your favorite smash Bros character?
She living in the year 3000
Why you gotta talk about my people.
I would be suckin like Kirby
So much nostalgia.
Ejaculate and evacuate
I’m overweight again when I was slim. I am a slob now after 3 months
I’m afraid to go outside because I’m so ugly
Sneaky shrooms
I read into every interaction I have and been doing it for years. Now I can put in a happy one
Personality is a meme
Makes them look bigger
When I was younger my mom kept telling me not to scratch my back with forks because I will get stretch marks my future girlfriend would not like them. The future is now and I still don’t have a girlfriend.
PK salt
How do you become a great player?
I use pk freeze when the opponent slips on a banana peel. Works 100% of the time.
Rather that than on the fast lane to wizardry.
No gf
You got drunk
I saw a guy with a qt gf and he looked like me.
If you look good your life will be good no no matter what. You have To make it a effort to fuck up.
Fuck you, lol
You can ride it like a magic carpet
Only difference between then and now is I’m slower, older, and doors of opportunity have shut a little more.
30
Yes, if you’re a sexually attractive male things will just happen. If you’re ugly, you have to create the happenings however the chances of success are very slim.
It’s over for you bro, if I was you I wouldn’t even try to get a woman.
I’ll just ask my genie for that ability
I’m more of a call of duty man myself
Put snow water in the ground
Wait, I haven’t watched the news in months. Are we really going to war with them
Imagine how much money hazmat cdl drivers are going to make soon
Too sleepy
I wish I was white
Where’s the guy she’s fucking?
Their poop
I used to read 2 books per week as a teenager until I was 23
5’8” isn’t even short
Bones are tied to height, dudes can get away with just by being tall
Screw trump
I proved mine right. Fucking whore
What about 30.....I’m a wizard and if someone asks this what to say
Wait.... they’re out now?
Who shoots wildlife outside of hunting? Lol
Fuck
Mogs my sexlife
Don’t reveal location
What do sanctions do anyway?
I looked for frogs and found them online
I gotta get me some of those
The clown spins the clown world
Fucking based and bootpilled
Isn’t he that nickalodian guy
Oh
After that you just go home
It’s clown world Every thing is a joke
When it’s over it’s over they’re just better than you
Ugly dudes,How did you game your girl
Revolution when?
You are ugly
There needs to Be a option to. Not allow people to view post history wow
Or sperm in the drain
I have one that’s 10 years old
Replaces a real Child, le childfree! Who needs kids when you consoome?
Tallfags are born with it and don’t have to earn it while manlets have to preform behemoth efforts to get a taste
Your mom is bowing when I’m upright.
How to do this?
It’s over
Bless this man with a qt Curley haired gf
Fish of dreams
There is no bright side, dying alone is the endgame and it’s not a happy ending. What’s there to live for ? Consume trash like marvel? Video games? Products? Life is about having strong relationships with others who enjoy your company and you theirs. What we are living in is pure hell, being essentially forced alone with seemingly no way out. Because just taking a shower isn’t going to help neither are self help books. Also any motivated person will use their relationships as the engine for that drive. Even in cartoons,goku didn’t think about his toys or money before he went super sayin, he thought about the people he cared for. When you live a life without real friends and romantic relationships. It’s not living, it’s a life on life support. A vegetative state of being ,monotonous pain and the yearning for something you are wired to have but cannot get due to reasons out of your control like looks. We aren’t supposed to stare at screens all day, we aren’t supposed to feel shitty about our forced sexless lives, this isn’t living. Working out is a catch 22, you live longer and feel momentarily better however you’re living to chase that sweat and nothing more. It’s over for us, it truly is. At 30 if we never fucked once in our lives it’s so fucking over and wizardry is irredeemable in the eyes of the beholder. I cannot think of one reason to live without a partner or good friends. Literally nothing at all except the next consoomerist trend. Woe is me. Call me a little bitch but someone tell me how to escape!
This is why they censor certain subs and channels. They’re close to the conclusion but not quite there.Once you realize it’s all about bleeding more cattle (us) then you start to consume less and know what’s truly important and that doesn’t involve buying frivolous shit. Maybe better times are ahead
Except Your resume Is your DNA
Girl hug
Childfree people wouldn’t do this for their toys
I’m a Gardener and want to plant weed
5’5” it’s not going to happen bro. It’s over
Hit your boy up with that DM
It’s time to get a strap. I don’t want to see them when They’re hungry
Trap house
Soy is a coomer too
If it’s over for him, Then I quit
Coomed
Fry it
It’s over
America is trash
What do these things do?
Spyro cock
I’m really going to start trying now, because this single shit is cool for a while but not forever
Im painting a Dot on my head as we speak
Going to lift today!
I love this anti porn movement.
I’m 30 And never made love to a woman, every fiber of my being craves it,there’s no denying what I desire;a organic woman. I can only theorize what it feels like to be intimate with another human being. I can only imagine the rush of chemicals excreted when you look a woman who is fond of you in the eyes in the place you lay your head at night. Must be a life altering experience to make love to someone you call a close friend and someone who you could potentially start a family with. I don’t understand how people see sex as a meaningless release, it can be the most life altering events a human could experience. Life without love and intimacy is truly a desolate one,void of the most pleasurable feelings conceivable.
Gave your boy some in house coochie
They would have been watching porn and eating Cheetos
If you had sex with a woman no fap would be easy money. But as a Incel you are having a hard time
Eat less
What the fuck is it eating ?
Giga NEET
No hope for a family Owning a Home is a seemingly impossible goal Cost of living is crazy Teetering on Collapse It’s over
Lack of female companionship and coupled that with being shunned
Pain is all that people have caused me. I was such a affectionate boy, I hugged every one I loved people and was very selfless. But years of being trashed, Pantsed, rejected; and assaulted to the point of insanity. Fuck them,
No regrets,It never began
When I was born my life was over
Link may have the master sword but She is fucking Gannon
Who’s the bad guy again?
Rip boomers
Not even jokers down hair can do shit once that move is in motion and it’s 2 hits
I spent my prom with Gears of War then the next prom was with COD4 and halo 3. Lol, no one wanted to go out with a guy who was held down and had a veggie shoved up his ass and sweater stuffed with literal class garden horse shit. Fuck high school
I like bold girls a lot, nothing gets me going than a mean pushy woman who gets smart with people. I don’t like submissive girls I want to push and be pushed back,I like to fight
It’s over
Just be white
I was bullied to the point it interfered with my work and my well being, I might have went insane. Administration sent me to special education that amplified the bullying. At 30 I haven’t healed still.
We should make a petition to shut down tinder during the pandemic to help slow the spread.
It’s over
It’s incomprehensible
I’m 30, what is time ?
I found some nice drinkeroos from netendo e shop
Coomer
One of the Most annoying characters next to cloud
One time As a kid During cherry season a group of Boys were spitting cherry pits at me on the back of a older model Toyota and One girl threw at me a whole cherry. I thought that was the sweetest.
Nasty hoe
This doesn’t apply to video games
Why no, I never seen a nipple, how can you tell
Tyrones have to be light skinned these days jfl
Only option? But hard as shit
Civilization is collapsing but remains the same is I still can’t get any ass.
You’re right, what I need is a purpose.
Possibly
I’m elite!
I want One
I might get a gf now!
Bruh
I need a unstable girl
Reeeeee
This is stupid
That’s a doe
Spread the love
They are speeding carona
I have outdoor hobbies that mainly white people take part in. I have been looked at weird wearing my mask in sporting good stores and followed. I look like a g I guess, maybe Gmaxxing is the key to some much needed coochie
Soylent ring stains inside the cup
Okay,sex Ed teacher. By the way,can you please give me a oral demonstration to Better understand the nuances of sex
The rich cause all of this, there really is no differences between us except the glass barriers the rich put up to make it appear as if we are not alike so they can divide and conquer. They fear the day we realize this.
Sippin on lean Catfish nuggies from the stream
Small Pepe bad
Neeetie neetie neetie can’t you see Thoughts of retirement just hypnotizes me I love your laid back ways That’s why I’m so stressed and your so made
Cookies
Datsa saucer
Too busy working to pay attention.
What can you do? 🇺🇸
You need a prescription gf.
Tallfags don’t have to try so when you workout you don’t push past your limit because you’re so used to things falling in line. Manlets work hard And think about those times they have been trashed and beat up most of their primary years. They use that as motivation to never feel that way again
Cats and bats
I’m a inky because I’m stinky
Wizards need to learn hypnotherapy. Imagine the spells?
The odds aren’t stacked against us, they’re with us. I’m a 30 year old virgin I am already a outlier
America is truly trash
Where to go? Get out there ?where?
This is too juicy
Welp,now I know what Im doing tomorrow
Tips? Like high ones to jump off of?
Crazy how on this show they had cloths on and none of them Had hands
In the us you can drive at 16
How the fuck are y’all fucking as teenagers meanwhile I’m 30 years old and never had a girlfriend or even held a hand in the entirety of my life? Bullshit
All you can really do is just live your life
Zss is sexy af bruh. Got that ass coming in the mail
I was that age 3 weeks ago
Yes, you too can get that full ride scholarship from Hogwarts
I am gummy man
🔥 💯 🛑 🧢
I wan a Nigerian queen gf to poach elephants with
You have To move
They should make one, Man vs society. A king Rejecting all this clown shit In this clown ass world
Lol, dumbass
I was a teen during the crash, you had to beg for a jib
Based and test tubepilled
Gaming doesn’t that same thrill I went from black ops to blackpill
I am 30, where is all this easy ?
Why was I born brown?
It’s the past sweetie
Butterflies have all been wiped out. At parks there used to be dozens of them now I can find 2 per trip. Sad
Mogs me
Meet me at the cheese, It’s goin down
I saw a protest happen. They bus people from other towns and block off streets suddenly. I saw a group surround a car then punched the window in, this person probably panicked. These protests are stupid, they need to do them at city halls, not suddenly swarm vehicles without warning.
Le South East Asian coochie meme
Plates break
I will sign up for this show, I will make it very entertaining. My clown ass is good at entertainment
Tough Bacon
I need some coochie, Get some or cope trying
Get off the internet brocel . Go get something nice like a good meal and good cope
I would if I could.
When I read shit like this and then a comment about how having a partner is overrated. I just ignore and realize I’m truly missing out on something beautiful. I can’t even get a hug, while dudes are experiencing this, I have no love.
Probably
Wake up that sleeping giant, they’re hearing footsteps and are scared
30
The sun is massive, so is the universe But I still can’t get a gf.
Where can I get some good non price gouged masks? I remember they used to be cheap for 100 hospital masks. I used them for mowing the lawn.
I’m stronger than I thought. Goku tier
Where’s the still born option?
I was really fat when I was 19, over 11 years ago, I thought losing weight would help me get a girlfriend. Turns out after lifting weights for 10 + years, that wasn’t the case. Now I’m a wizard
I need to get some coochie before this whole shit house goes in flames
I seen this on 4chan do You work in a warehouse?
Spike carona
Hope this happens to me, please lord
They have significant others and friends, plus money. Of course I’d be happy too if I had a woman and plans every single week too.
I mustn’t coome
I thought “what’s the point “ I’m 30, and after working out for years I just caved. I’m so ducking done, it’s because I never been on a date, ever. Shit is eating me up, i can’t cope my hobbies are becoming a chore now. I just feel so tired all the time, I just think about no girl and the gloom kicks in.
Jfl
Only jfl
Eat the rich
Don’t go to sf if you are into bread bowls, it’s not really the same anymore
Can you please not do porn
Fuck em in the ass and a special fuck you to the kiss asses out there
She stood there while the dudes beat me up. Nothing erotic about bruises
USA is a clown ass country.
Their time is short? At least they still have time, it’s over for the United States
Holy shit it’s over
Sounds like today, we eatin fam
Bruh,You can eat McDonald’s in Walmart
It would be a ground breaking game, Haven’t seen one since the 00s
Fuck China’s rich
Please just fuck your wife, just don’t watch pornography. Try Keto instead
It’s so fucking over,it’s starting to hurt to live now. Torture of being forever alone at 30, I don’t Care anymore, my future is shit, my Life is shit, this clown ass world is shit, and I failed my goal. I can never reverse this. I wanted to get a girlfriend before reaching 30 and experience a sliver of intimacy. I hit the gym hard for years, I destroyed my body for this, that’s all I wanted. Now it’s officially over, I just feel physical pain from being lonely. Not meme lonely like I’m suffocating from the lack of it and my chest hurts. I look into the future and see blank pages. I’m having a attack, I son know what to do now. For fuck sake i see no way out
Yea, when they shoveled shit down my sweater back in school and I went to class with grassy horse poop in my hoodie
It’s going to be a transfer
Cope
Just marry a extinction capable 10/10 Android bro
Imagine if we risen up and burned the right shit down to the point where they have to appease us. Imagine the American revolution where the people decided that it was enough, students would read about that in their textbooks.
Wrap it up in a towel
They should give all that money they’re taking from police forces and give it to transit. Bus Drivers are based, most overlooked occupation during the pandemic. I couldn’t do that job
Almost a month of no coome, I see through walls and a Latina called me papi.
How do you get a std when you get no coochie?
God is a woman
Good, hope he rejects all average girls to give them a taste of what I live
When I’m 5% body fat lower than my current I look similar. I don’t care what I eat these days though now I’m a wizard
Body not face. Gymceling for over a decade
I don’t have any social media accounts so I don’t know what’s happening there
My mask is a cloth one given to me by my job so it’s worthless
Of course
To Protect the consumer from the carona
Nanotechnology that zaps viruses
Me to, like every interaction I have with people they make me Feel bad. I hate people
Lol I’m in my 30s And have my v card. It’s over
They did too much
Bruh, Can do my timetables and I don’t even need a calculator
Bastard !
No woman on no fap I’m the loser and the champ
Top tier
Ropefuel is when you see a coworker’s girlfriend bring him home made food. Fuck it’s so over bro
Tfw gonna get carona before i get coochie This is how it ends bruh?
Soon
Take the curry pill
Semen retention
In school I was bullied to the point where the other students would unplug my computer while I was doing my work and it didn’t save so I canceled everything. Fuck this clown world
If I went into a cave and there was another planet and the folk were chill. I would leave this clown ass world too
No, no girlfriend girlfriend over here Yes, it’s over over here
It’s over
I take sleep pills and skip entire days
Not having a girlfriend is a high iq trait
Get clit or cope trying
My mug does enough already,a cat would be a improvement
Some older women have some fat asses and big titties. At the store I saw this woman in her sixties and she has a big booty and a heavy rack. Fuck I should have shot my shot.
I really need some coochie. No lie, I just want to drop dead jfl
Time consoomeing
Just go On television and act like a Clown. Might even get some coochie. Worth it
I used to read 2 advanced books per week while in high school and racked over hundreds of them throughout the years I fell off at 24 now at the advanced age of 30 I want to read again
I never had sex, at age 30 feels like it’s over.
I don’t mind obese as long as it isn’t crazy
Based
I don’t see a point in living, No purpose no girlfriend, no friends, and my family Disrespects me. I hate having to comeback, my elbows hurt from working out now I can’t bench press Or do tricep. I had to modify my routine. Working out makes Me feel worse, I did one of My Hobbies and I can’t enjoy it anymore, My garden is dying since I just don’t xRe anymore and the tomatoes in my pots reflect my current mental state. I feel dead.
What’s it like to be hugged by a woman or a girlfriend?
Amplifies my loneliness by 10x foldalmost not worth it
Fuck me
Based af
If Tesla couldn’t get a gf then over would be a improvement for us
I had a cloth mask and breathed in a freezer and all that visible fog was frightening. Those are worthless, I purchased hospital masks and the string fell off, also worthless. The masks they are selling are trash and the companies who sell them should be sued
Him: 15 year old school cuck Me: grand wizzard
She probably thought you’re were catfish
You dropped this 👑 king
We are living in a clown ass world bruh
Dogs No bitches
That’s a lot of Calories
The Gymceling for decades and still no gf
I feel like I died in that bad accident I had and have been inserted into the clown realm.
I never give up, back in the day A condom couldn’t stop me
My grandma been dead
I would have kicked half those fuckers off
She can marry me
Fat fucks, that Moutan is a little slope
Omg, her intelligence makes me wanna coome
Gonna hog up the bone gym
The doll is the help
He needs a real woman to hug the way he hugs those dolls.
As a kid, I used to cringe to the thought of playing with Barbie dolls. Now I’m sleeping with them. Things sure done changed
Last paragraph describes the outlook I had since 2010.
This deserves some kind of award
I’m funny too, Honk honk
That’s autistic af, you should have at least humored them a little. Nothing wrong about looking at women then talking about them with your friends. Retaining is good however you don’t have to tell anyone about it keep the power levels on the down low.
🤡🌍
Fucking over
Them make them tingle and They hit all their spots in their holes. Over brocels
So,one chick?
Consoome hooooope
Birth
Jfl, we gotta read all this literature, reinventing our minds, sculpting our bodies with kidney destroying diets, just to compete for a sliver of intimacy. Meanwhile dudes who consoome nutritionless poison out of styrofoam clamshells and haven’t read any sort of literature since captain underpants are nuting in coochies and experiencing relationships getting god tier OxyContin. Fuck this clown ass world
Her real dad knocked up her mum for a green card in a moving food truck
Fax
Jfl, holistic maxxedcel screws over model.
This year is so honked up that I might even get a girlfriend, if I do surely we are living in a clown world
It’s not over
Tell him he dropped this 👑
I seen one that was bright as lightning
What The man needs is some coochie
Bullying and anxiety.
His carpet flys
Your rap name would be 2 chins
Fakecel if you have pans to reach elderly age
Fight what power? The one that makes us work long hours for pennies and plays games with the labor laws that allow them to skip health insurance.And we need to work to get it. Because Fuck that power
It’s over I mistyped porn free to free porn and slipped into darkness
Doesn’t anyone get the cold anymore?
Oh fuck,
I need a Uighur girlfriend
Tumblr has a incel community? Jfl
I just want some ass
This is my year, I might finally get some intimacy
I keep telling myself that I will get a girl I will get the intimacy I desire, and I will make it.
All I need is to get a girlfriend and experience that love, get to my goal weight on the bench and catch this species of fish I’m after then I’m good to die.
Thots don’t like me for who I am It’s a tossup if like me for who I become A lot of effort to get something a normie has and he does none Go for a run, consoome self help, Learn another tongue Chad is laying on a couch eating slices and he’s on his second one Decisions for him,the gym girl or the one With the jugs Decisions for you, hang with rope or eat the barrel of a gun Hanging on a little Hope? Yup! Hanging on a Rope ? Nope! Bathe with quality Soap? Yup! Ever had a date ? Nope! Only gf you had was your hand? Yup! Everything is Cope because it was over before it had began
How can Roy ever recover?
SneezedToo
Jfl
Tfw carona is a girl
I hope they’re fucking
Based old man
