Maybe she just wanted to grow it out so when she does cut it it's still shoulder length. I tend to keep my hair up a lot in the winter, (static sucks here,) and I'll use that time to grow it out a bit, then get all the dead stuff cut off at my shoulders because I don't like my hair shorter than that.
An active father is attentive to his child and should not make the mother as an excuse. He's your son. Get on the Damn school web site and see what you need to do to be there for your son. Don't rely on your ex to tell you Friday is show and tell day. Or that they are having a holiday party. Pull on your big boy pants and show the fuck up. You don't need an invitation to be there for your children. Ugh! (Sorry...rant.)
Exactly. What he can do is mail it to you... just to be an ass.
I notice too. I think part of it has to do with school being on holiday break, but there are definitely a lot of new accounts with very little post history and they're mostly just stirring shit up.
I read somewhere that she recently bought old family property and opened a bed and breakfast, so it should be interesting.
Well, God Bless America!!!!
What does age have to do with it?
And never need to shop at target again!!!!
I'm so sorry you're going through that sweetie! Know we're here if there is anything we can do to help! Even if it's just to vent, or talk. We got your back!
Obviously he needs 20 lunches.
This explains so much!
I think that was Jenelle with her, "bearded men only" t-shirts.
I think I read that he took off in the car when he left, and it was later reposessed.
There are quite a few grown men on this sub that watch and discuss with us. You never know who you're talking to. That's not just sexist, it's ridiculous.
That's not necessarily true. My brother got busted with a few joints. He ended up going into a treatment center to avoid jail time. If you get arrested and tell the judge you have a drug problem and need help, they get you help. Prison can be a life changing experience for the good when people use it at a way to move forward in life.
What does race have to do with it. Ridiculous.
Punctuation maybe?
Good bot.
What kind of data? How people respond to a threat?
I completely believe that! That's why I need a human to ring me out!
There's vomit on his sweater already.
The new nose had a lot to do with it too.
As bad as it was, she knew it when she moved in there. Personally, I'd have been bathing them in a kiddie pool in the family room before I'd do that, or at least bleach and maybe paint down there. I did feel sorry for her though. Life is tough, sometimes you have to make the best of things.
Lol!
Circus peanuts, and candy corn.
What is Moxie?
I rarely turn on the radio in my car. It's nice to just enjoy the quiet.
I've always been a Paulie fan! I've even passed it down to my kids. They're always surprised when the subject comes up and people bitch about him.
Well, isn't that convenient.
I haven't seen this movie in forever. I need to watch it again.
Maybe they wanted the baby and it was planned??
Anyone that speaks on t.v. gets paid.
You must be a lot of fun at parties.
I probably don't have the right words for you. You were her reason to stay as long as she did. She knows...
It does. And it won the vote so I don't see the issue op has. I think it's just a drama stirrer.
He's going to start suing owls there now...
Or a spider.
He only needs three!
Will do. Where do I even start?!?
Hot chocolate!
There are quite a few of us older women on here, and quite a few men also. Many of us started watching with our teenagers in the beginning. I had a nice conversation with a few women in their 60-70s, be of which started watching to get some insight and maybe relate better to her 16 year old pregnant grandaughter. We're a very diverse group.
I frontline it, but I'm not a huge parmesan fan.
I think it would look better if she just reported it and put in a teeny tiny little diamond stud. It's so noticeable now, why not sparkle it up and make it more deliberate looking.
A bowl is just a pot without a handle
Ugh. I just feel bad for the children now. NASA was the ultimate in dreams. And now because some fat fucks we are losing our children's dreams. We are slowly making space a picture to look at on our screens instead of a goal.
Says the man on earth while there are people out there in it. Where are you moving? The next desk over?
Oh shit!!! Hahaha!!!!
Or at least good dinner.
They need to start the leg with it after a random draw for who plays when.
I think he's just jealous and controlling and didn't want anyone to see "his woman"s" naughty bits.
This! I am still me. I feel like a teenager and not my 45 year old self, and it pissed me off when people look at me like I can be fun, or dye my hair purple, or wear a shirt I would have worn in 1988, (you all find them back in now... so why can't I wear them, again?! ) or dance like crazy at a metal concert. (Sorry, mini rant. Maybe I'm having a mid-life crisis.)
Right?! I'll be honest, last time I bought a roll of peanut butter cookie dough, not one cookie was made. It just disappeared a chunk at a time until there wasn't enough to make but a few... I'm fine, lol.
It didn't! It was chunks over a two day period...
I think it was only a sneak peek they showed during that stupid beach show.
Damn. I'll try one later and get back to you. Love me a Snickers.
We rock!!! Screw the youngins! Lol.
I've never heard the term before today, and it's because of your many posts about it. Enough already.
Fair enough.
I was told quitting cold turkey puts too much stress on an already stressed body, and to wean off really slowly. By 8 months I was still smoking 4-5 cigarettes a week, and my Dr was fine with that. People make things out to be way worse than they are.
Geez! Your mom deserves anything she wants!!!
Omg.... I've never heard this before about becoming over sexual... And it explains soooo much.
Ahh! Got it. Thank you!
Right?! I like it too, but I'm in and out if threads periodically so I like to click back in and see the new content, and it makes it easier to keep a kind of timeline on comments so I don't post the same comment that someone else already did farther down the thread.
Appropriate user name...
Lol....
It was. It made me chuckle during a really crappy day, so that's a good thing.
No. No I shouldn't. I don't think I should even be here. I'm 45 and I think I need an adult.
My dog passed away this morning. I can't talk to anyone about it but for some reason I thought to come here and try to get my mind off things. You all help more than you know.. Hug your fur babies today!
Nice! It's my phone screen saver now. I'll have to order! Thank you!
I wish my problem was just fat eyeballs.
Oh geez... I got one too. My boyfriend and I were about 16-17. We were watching tv in my mom's rental house when the landlord knocked and wanted to talk to the two of us before my mom got home. He showed us around to the side of the house to the blocked sewer pipe he was trying to unclog... And yep, the used condoms that had clogged it up that he had so graciously pulled out and piled in a neat little mess next to the drain. So... that was a very embarrassing lesson. Don't flush your condoms y'all! LOl! ( I can laugh about it now, and to be honest we were so happy he never told my mom, who wouldn't help me get on birth control when I asked a few months before, so I blame as partially responsible. Jk.)
Yay! So exciting for you mama! Sending love 💘! (The not snarky kind.)
I think it makes her feel like a grown up.
I think Matt tried, but somehow the things he did for her either really weren't about her at all, or she just wanted time with him. It's like saying, "Hey, honey, the porch steps fell in, so I built you a new porch for your birthday! Aren't I the best!?!" ( I haven't been a fan of Matt since one of the family vacations they went on, can't remember which one, where he did nothing but bitch the whole time and complain about needing to be at the farm, and then he left vacation for a few days to go, 'handle things at the farm only he could take care of ' and we when he came back you could tell they were all annoyed with him. I think he was cheating on Any then, and she knew it. Who leaves family vacation for not an emergency?!)
He also cheated on Miranda with Leah. I'm sure she wants to protect herself even more since then.
They are stupid internet points that mean nothing. People tend to down vote in the beginning but it evens out after a few, but when you complain about down votes, you're going to get them.
Oh geez! Lol.
Go to another pharmacy...?
Plus it's summer. It always happens when kids first get out of school for the summer, then I think they get bored with it and move on.
That's beautiful! I'm happy you enjoyed your time here!
Probably his mother or his sister.
My mom used to say, "You teach people how to treat you." I never really got it before I guess. Now I do.
Oh geez. I can't even make it through the trailer without tissues. I'm going to have to watch it at home, in my room when I have the house to myself.
I always forget he has another kid! Doesn't he have a daughter? (Another post says yes, he has a daughter Emery or something.)
I watched him every single day also! He really was.
Funny thing too, because imgur was created by a redditor for Reddit users to be able to easily post images to Reddit...
Yea. Didn't she get confused at lunch with Farrah and Sophia when Farrah said Starburst was like, a year and a half old and Frenchie thought she meant Sophia... And believed it! She was staring at Sophia in amazement.
She tried to name her after Sophia Lauren.
Being a felon ain't illegal!
Maybe you're right.
Now you know! Carry on...
No. I'm 45. What does that have to do with it?
You have to have really long fingers in order to pull it off.
Isn't it just pepper?
Didn't Jenelle do one with Ensley in the bathtub, in a flowy dress, with a flower crown... ?!
Nope. I don't think he can.
That's it!!! I knew it sounded familiar!
I'm trying really really hard. I promise.
r/churchofrogers
Try home depot.
No problem! We had to get a new dehumidifier and a window ac unit, and we ended up getting one at Home Depot and one at Lowes, because the price was better for one, don't remember which. I hope you find something soon!
I must be the best wife ever!!!!
You can get free e books and audio books from your public library websites. Just a thought.
I did this year's ago and went from waist length to shaved up the back and sides. I loved it. Most people who knew me were horrified! Lol! The looks I got were hilarious. People who didn't know me complimented the cut, so to each their own I suppose. I did grow it back out and now I keep it to about the middle of my back, but that's just personal preference. Every so often I hack it about an inch above my shoulders just for a change.
Oh geez... That just made me picture that pregnant man person that was popular for a while. Ugh.
I think a lot of the problem is that restaurants started using sea salt, which is much stronger, and they don't adjust their recipes for that.
I think it's a mini kid sized multi -tool.
Honest question... Do you remember a time when you didn't have to take a pill to get through your day? It's crazy to me that someone would need all those pills. Do you take some to curb side effects of others?
Geez... That's a lot of pills for a child.
I think Audreys parents either separated or divorced and then got back together again and Jeremy still has hope that the same will happen with Matt and Amy.
I think I remember seeing them when Audrey and Jeremy were getting ready for/during the wedding. I know at one point her mom mentioned the first time Jeremy showed up to take her out. I believe they own a peach farm down the street from the Roloffs.
Me too. It kind of makes me feel bad for Jeremy. Sometimes the look on his face when he talks about it, he just looks so defeated. You can almost the the scared little boy he still is down in there.
She shouldn't have had to choose anyone over them. They could have still supported her decisions.
I wasn't judging. I was genuinely curious. See where that gets me...
Excuse me?! Like you're doing?! Lol.
That's true. I can see that as an issue, but I think I would have handled it different if I was in Janets situation. Her son was dating too and just as easily knocked someone else up.. Maybe sit down and discuss birthcontrol... After all, that's what the show was supposed to be pushing. Idk, I think it was a tough situation for everyone to be in.n
See, that's what friends are for!
That doesn't surprise me at all. He seems very condescending.
How much of your time here do you spend just bashing the other sub? I don't understand why you waste so much time on something you're obviously not a fan of, so...why? It just as old.
All they do over here is makes posts complaining about the other sub.
How do you "accidentally get gluttoned?" . Genuinely curious. Hope you feel better soon!
Can you have your husband tell her?
Yea, and after Javi himself said he was playing all three women at the same time and basically just telling them all what they wanted to hear, I don't doubt he cheated before he deployed, and probably before that. He's such an attention whore.
Wow ...username checks out.
Yup. With reality. Try it.
Ugh. Stop trying to make the word liberal a derogatory term.
It depends on what my tax money goes to.
That for a company that really wants to do a good job, they need to hire good dependable workers. You won't find that in young men now. If you want to succeed and have good employees, you have to hire out of the country, legally.
The pay is better than you think. What you are trying to say can't be backed up. If you can back it up,... I'm more than willing to hear you out. I'd like to know what you do for a living. I'm honestly curious. (Edit...a lot of people sit in a riding mower 10-12 hours a day....just saying.)
You can make a lot more in landscaping a month if you put the hours in.
Thanks!... I think.
Lol... You use bodily harm like it's part of the job description. Geez! People mow their own grass and pick their own weeds in their own yard every single day. You never hear, " I got home from work today and thought about mowing the yard and then thought about the bodily harm it may cause me, so I just decided to let the neighborhood boy do it instead. " gtfo.
If $15 an hour to start, with no experience, benefits, and on the job training to sit on a mower all day is too hard for you... then you don't know what it's like to work hard so you don't have to struggle. by all means, go flip burgers for $10 an hour, while we hire and promote people who want to actually work for a living.
Wait... What?! What do you consider a decent wage?
Lol.!! Thanks for the web md diagnosis. The amount of people trying to tell me that working in an an office as opposed to actual outside work is quite frankly, kinda scary. When the majority of my comments have been trying to say what we do is hard labor... Geez. I don't get it. It makes it sound like you've been sentenced to a prison sentence. Step outside! Seriously.
"Bahbye" ? ?? Is it past your bedtime 🌙?
Not happening. The only legitimate businesses only hire legal workers. I'm sorry you aren't willing to work. Have a good evening.
Whatever... Have you worked? Geez... Let me know where these people are willing to pay me not to work hard. Have a good evening.
Lol... Well, we can all stop "choosing" to work so hard. But the fact is there are people that work hard every day so your lives look pretty. So there are flowers where you like to eat in the patio of your favorite restaurant.Not to make sure you don't slip and fall on the ice on your way into the parking lot at work. Be happy with your blinders on. Have a good evening.
Most of the men my husband hires make a good deal more than he does an hour. He's salary. They make hourly wages plus over time and bonuses.
We hire only legals. They get the same pay as anyone else. The difference is they show up. They are not only happy to have a steady income, but they thrive. They work over time. They are great guys. Respectful. Have a good evening.
I drive a water truck. And on the side I take care of grandbabies.
Ever looked out of your cushy office window and noticed how pretty the grass is? Ever pulled into your parking lot and realized that it's been plowed and salted? Ever eat a a traffic light and admired the flowers in the median? Yep. That's us. Doing the work you don't want to do... And probably never appreciate. Your welcome.
They get paid hourly. He's salary.
So... What do you suggest?!
Nope. We can't. The cost of co-pays on top of premiums are too much.
No. No. And... No. Why can't anyone accept the truth? We get a lot of 18-25 year olds that can't handle it. They will quit at lunch the first day because in April, 75 degrees when the sun is shining is too hot. Oh... And they didn't pack a lunch. Or will cal out on their first day because they had some emergency...like their alarm didn't go off on time, their phone died in the middle of the night and they left their charger in the car. We are not baby sitters. Teach your children how to work hard and be responsible.
Ok then.... Can I just say, you know very little about my life. You see me as an old hag that has no place and time in your world. Maybe I'm 20 years too late to help you... It's never too late. I may be old to you. - and when the elevator tried to break you down... Go crazy. Honey,child...
I think it is!!! Lol!!!
I totally agree!
I'm the same way.
Blah blah blah... As I said, have a nice afternoon.
You should start a new sub. I know we're all exhausted with this bull shit, but at least you'd have a lot of us follow you and we can just get on with it. I'm tired of the teenage bullshit.
I just want to say, I check this sub often and always love new content! I love this idea! I don't have any other social media so any links or updates are appreciated! You're doing good!
I think she'd try to give off a calm vibe and the horses would pick up on the fact that she's not at all that person,.
Hear, hear!!
I love th his idea! Go girl!
Lol! So spot on! Did we ever found out what exactly is in Christmas soup?! I'm so curious! Is it like reindeers and snowflakes or what?
Right?! That would go in my crock pot often, if my husband liked it. I pictured them chopping vegetables from the garden! Having hot chocolate. Not as picture perfect as she wanted to make it sound.
Yay!!!!! Back to business, I hope!
Just pull up about six inches, we're good.
Baby mine, don't you cry. ...
Make an aspirin paste. Crush up an aspirin, add a few drops of water and apply it to the area and let it dry.
I wonder how much that pays, cleaning boats.
How do you break a tennis ball?!
Huh... Whoda thunk!?
It's like she thinks a barn won't sink also.
Yep. Even though Joe was seeing someone else too.
I love the name Anne! Tammy isn't had either, I've only known one.
Thank you! I think so too. She was the best, but she also had my husband there with her. I never would have left her all alone.
Your an ass. She wasn't alone, she had my husband. And you making an account like this is disgusting.
I open my front door and greet my husband... even when he's not here. I say, "Hey Sweetie!" or something to that effect, just so if anyone is thinking of shoving me in to my home and closing the door behind us, they'll think twice. By then my huge dog will make an excited appearance so I'm good, but it always makes me feel better thinking someone just observing doesn't see me enter alone with only one car in the driveway.
She is the top celebrity in the nation! God bless America!
Oh! I thought they had already moved the horse to the octagon house and got it a flat so it wouldn't be lonely until they moved in... I don't remember why I thought that...
Oh snap! Lol!
Yes.
Wait... what? He has her name?
Oh!!! Lol ...duh! I need coffee!!
It's all good! Considering the whole post is about tatoos you'd think it would have clicked in my head, but nope!
Fun fact. Cory was too old to take Leah to the prom, so she went with Robbie, then apparently left with Cory after and I think she said that's the night she got pregnant with the twins. I think there are pictures of them and Leah floating around here somewhere.
Exactly this! It's a sweet song. Kendra seemed like a scared little girl.
Why is the President of the United States of America still holding rallies???
They should have let the man have the money. Or at least split it with him. Instead the cops had to get him a gift card. Ridiculous. And to hear the woman say that stealing is wrong, as she takes this mans money... I sound old, but she should be ashamed of herself.
Me too!!! And their cake shows. And now they have a gingerbread competition. I'm totally obsessed!
I get that. I just think he definitely has more experience with women than the other men, that has to count for something. And I can see him showing her what he thinks a real man is and how good he thinks he is. And the look on her face when she forgot she was holding the ice... I think she's definitely been enlightened.
Just that they have self check out just save money. In other words, I'm more likely to go to the cashier, I'm already paying for that service. And...no? That analogy doesn't work... I'm not asking people to pay me to use a computer.I'm just more inclined to use a service I'm already paying for. Why would I deal with a self check out when I have $100 of groceries and no incentive to do so? It's not my job.
It's not at all the stores responsibility. They can do whatever they want. They can go fully automated. I don't feel entitled to have someone ring my groceries. But until they make it easier, or cheaper, to do that, I can decide not to shop there. You kind of sound like you think it's snobby to take advantage of what the store is offering.
Ok??? Lol. So I should feel bad for using a service you offer? And I've cashiered recently. Happy for you that you no longer have such a tedious and demanding job... I guess. Have a good day.
You can speak for me!!
Yep. Or even a fling who she fell for that didn't return the feelings. Or wasn't as serious as she was and didn't take it seriously. It's fun to speculate.
I never hear anyone say anything about the fact that Cory didn't wear a condom. (Not snarking on you, it just always seems to come back on the girls for getting pregnant, but the men hold just as much responsibility. )
I don't even think it's ok when your a child. Especially not then. (I do get your point though.)
And her "Christmas soup," ended up being a kind of chicken chilli made out of a bunch of canned goods thrown in a crock pot. She could have made that anywhere, and the way she hyped it up made me think of a simmering pot of fresh vegetables and spices, etc.
I used to perm my moms hair, from probably the age of 9-10ish. I ending up doing other family members perms, coloring, sometimes trims too. I ended up becoming a dog groomer, lol!
Go back to sleep after you hear a tink. And again, and again. Same as now.
No! Thank goodness!
Last I hear he married his girlfriend, then she got a dui? Maybe it was a drug charge..? He has pretty much dropped off the radar since then. I think he may have done an interview in the past year about Amber? Not sure.
I'm pretty sure I married him.
Right?!
You two can't leave us in suspense like that!!!! What do you do to the chilli!?!
The zip tie gang, duh!
Isn't it funny, you get to a certain age and realize when you were a kid, someone your age now seemed pretty old, but you still feel like a kid?! My mom had me later in life and was my age now when I was 13 and people used to think she was my grandma!
Mail it to yourself there ahead of time.
If you get hurt or drown in there, they'd be liable.
Oh, absolutely! My brother has worked in the industry for decades and says the same thing everyone else does about the man. If it was a problem with people sneaking in there, he should have called the cops or something, but he's obviously not one to follow any rules of common sense.
And Nikki.
It went the way of Beforeverhaught...
We're hatters!!!
She had her clothing line, ( I'm using that term loosely,) forever haute. Which is now nonexistent.
Blue Ash Chilli.
Love Sexy. When love call ya got to go! 💜
I was so confused... did he say something about rubbing the dart on a frogs back?
Saw them with Metalliica in 92. He was a punk ass bitch then too. Nothing has changed.
I think it's funny. No snark at you, but your reaction is a bit amusing.
Wait, what?! Is that allowed? It seems like that would be part of the contract. Although I would have been happy to see her walk out the door every night if I was there.
That's where my flair came from! Deb said it standing out on the street after they got kicked out.
I'll never understand why she's always been so jealous of her mother.
Maybe it's long and skinny, like a pencil. Also, ewwww!!!
Yea, I've been smoking for 30 years. I never thought I'd see the day we got this far.
Do you think Ryan is finally done with Mackenzie? Maybe now he's sober, and is aware of his mistakes with her...?
Just like my mama made me!
True!!!
It would be nice if someone posted a link to the actual video.
The only thing we had to fight for, was the right to paaaarty. That and to wear neon with no shame.
Apparently it does.
No problem! I wasn't sure if it would play for me either. I don't have insta.
He may have seen them that day, but he didn't know who they were...
Then an do you call it cheese? It's right there in the name. Cashew CHEESE.
Oh... You're special alright.
45.
Has he never heard the term, "eating crow," ? It definitely fits David.
Don't forget her horrible hand IV!!!
It was recorded in June. If he hadn't posted it, dude would have never known who did it. So David totally busted himself.
No, we didn't. And that's scary as shit now.
You've never been addicted to nicotine have you? We definitely get something out of it.
Plenty of things aren't good for you, people still do them. . I don't walk up to an obese man eating for 5 at McDonald's and tell him to step away from the Big Macs.
Yea, I'm well aware.
Pneumonia.
No problem! It always messed with me too so at some point I started spell -saying it. Like, Pee -new.
I'm not sure about there, but where I live if the offense doesn't involve drugs, then there is no drug screening.
Now that my mom has passed, absolutely!
"Friends"
Get some deer scram.
Green beans.
Ugh! You deserve a margarita and a bit bath! I hope your weekend goes better! Sending love! 💘
Not everyone has a mental illness...
Ah... Now it makes sense... Lol.
I tried to watch it and I didn't get past the first few minutes. It seemed so cheesy. Maybe I should give it another try.
Thanks, I'll definitely try it again!
You know, now we all need to know how you got kicked out...
Ummm...
And then she admits they aren't doing the supervised visit today, again. Just... I have no more words for this "woman".
Oh, the well wishes are sincere! And thanks!
Lol... Thanks!
I want to hug you!!!! Too funny!
That is beautiful! We're you overwhelmed? We were exhausted after pp...
I want know why Dave and Jenelle haven't been seen together leaving the court house. What is happening to their united front??
I just saw that! Crazy!
She's also been wearing a big rock on her right hand for a couple episodes. I noticed it when she got on the cart to drive around with Matt the one day on the farm. Then again in Arizona, and at the campfire. It's obviously an engagement ring, she's just wearing it on her right hand for the cameras.
It's out of the box.
I'm wondering if Jenelle started mentioning the she shed, because David was out there tearing up her stuff. Like, 'I have this she shed, and he's out there tossing my stuff around and breaking the door...' but she either realized how stupid she sounded, (doubtful,) realized the operator didn't know, or care, about her shed, (doubtful,) or just got back to listening to the questions and didn't get to circle back around to her shed. (Probably.) And yea, they were supposed to finish the upstairs so Jace and Maryssa could have their own rooms, but it never happened, (of course because there are other important things that needed done, ugh.) So instead it's still just a big empty attic space.
David probably told him not to cry like a little bitch, like his dad.
I could look at my daughter and know. I've never been wrong. 3 grandbabies later.
It's the same way we know if you have a fever just by looking at you. We just know..
Not kindness. Money.
I can. Under the wrong circumstances, absolutely. No offense to you or any other owners, but they are not a breed I will ever have around my children, or other dogs. They aren't babies. They are dogs.
Well, ok then. Just don't move.
?? Carefully??
We just bought a new refrigerator a few weeks ago and we almost chose black. It looks nice, and everything else in the kitchen is black or white except for a few decorative things, but our old stove is white, and only a few years old, so I went with white. I liked the black though and will probably go with that next time we rep!ace appliances. I'm not big on the stainless steel.
It had something to do with one of the male teachers dressing feminine and David had a problem with that and didn't want her at that school.
Exactly. The best thing they ever did for him was daycare, when it was, for them, a selfish choice. And I'm sure he was treated well there and so naturally trusted his teachers.
Funny enough, it was the fact that I was sitting in front of my brother on a four wheeler, when we stopped short and I smacked my mouth on the steering wheel and broke my tooth. My helmet didn't have a face guard thingy.
Most of them have free audio and e books now too!
Yea. I always wondered if Maryssa got teased about the show or something once she started living with David and she may have wanted to quit. We'll never know the whole truth about any of it. I just hope she has a nice summer and can stay where she is and attend school in the fall however she wishes without media attention.
That's funny! No wonder I liked him. Now that I think about it, my husband is a lot like Albert! Especially the smart ass part. And he's a grown ass man! Lol!
Not a size queen???
It's Jack's daughter.
I didn't sleep either. I read a lot. Two or three Nancy Drew books a day, easy. (Wow, I just aged myself...) If I wasn't reading I was staring into nothing. I think I checked out completely because I remember thinking it was cool to be able to just not think. No thoughts. Just... Nothingness.
Well, that explains why they had a rooster in the hen house...
If they aren't doing their duty and laying eggs properly, we'll put them in the pot for dinner...also...let's get a rooster 🐓. These people don't understand how babies happen.... Or they do, and that's scary..
They are trying to get out of paying taxes on the property by claiming they are homesteading... They tried saying They were , "off the grid," until someone pointed out the fact that they had no idea what that meant. Despite their off the grid adventures they posted...
They're free ranging.... -seriously, that was her excuse for letting baby chicks just roam...
Lauren had, at best, a chemical pregnancy. If these women would take a minute to educate themselves on their own bodies... She acts like she lost a child because she doesn't know any better.
On one of her posts, they had a rooster... David seemed pleased,..
That's all folks!
If you weren't my son, I'd hug you.
Bananas in pajamas!
Obviously. I was confused because David bitched about no eggs for breakfast, but they have a rooster...
I'd drive through the neighborhood and check out other paint jobs and if you see one you like, copy it. I'd walk up and knock and ask about colors if I wasn't sure, but I've been told I can be a bit ballsy, lol, so if you're not comfortable with that, take a picture and take it to the paint store. And bring home samples before you buy. Colors can look totally different inside with the store lights than outside. Have fun!
She'll just get more chickens...
Yup. He was saying, "You could die tomorrow... And no one would be aware of the humanitarian that I know you truly are, with all my heart, my love. Now, let's get the children ready for our trip to the shelter to volunteer our humble services. " -David... Bah hahahahahah!
Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again, and expecting different results.
I couldn't look my husband in the face if he shot my dog in cold blood, much less let him touch me ever again. Jenelle is going to find herself very alone one day, and still not have any clue how she got that way, or why no one wants to have anything to do with her.
Exactly. The dog somewhere out safe, hell...even in a car. And once you have the children situated, drive to the nearest spca... at the least. Nothing they have said makes sense to anyone but themselves.
Yep. They said they obviously weren't good pet owners if they let their dog roam around on other people's property. Then they said they tied it on their porch for the night, but it was mysteriously gone in the morning. I wouldn't doubt if they were thinking about keeping it and it didn't get along with the other dogs, (or just sat there looking cute...) David took the dog out to the woods and told Jenelle to say the dog was missing in the morning.
That was my first thought when Jenelle first said she wasn't even home, she was gone with the kids all day, so she didn't know what happened. She changed that story really fast when she revealed she was at a friend's and told the tabloids she was considering divorce. Then, next day, she's home and the whole world is wrong. I guarantee, she was never gone from the house without David, and she fled when he shot the dog, or he got pissed and she fled, so he punished Nugget for it. The whole situation is seriously fucked up.
This! Plus, we keep a standing fan on our porch all summer. Mosquitos can't fly in the wind, so when we want to just sit outside for a bit and not slather on bug spray, we turn on the fan and it keeps a breeze on the porch and no bites!
A narcissist.
I wonder if he said something like, "We'll tell them we won't agree to any visits unless we can have a weekend visit for Father's day. We'll tell them with our talking words and they will have no choice but to give me !y children back because I'm the father, and it's my weekend. We'll show up as a united front and they'll have to see how bad we need the kids back. Especially since they took them without my permission. "
"I haven't touched another man's skin in two years!!!!"
I bet that was only posted so they could claim a homestead and get out of paying taxes on the land.
No mother has a favorite child. All children are different people.
I bet if you had 17 kids, and 17 cousins, you wouldn't remember either. I totally get what you're saying, but... Imagine all your cousins were actually your children. I'd remember my children's birthdays before the other 17 cousins that I didn't see on daily basis...but I guarantee I could tell you all of my own 17 kids birthdays. If for no other reason than they wouldn't let me forget! Lol! If she hadn't passed her infants off to her older children as soon as the Lord said she could get pregnant again, she would have formed a bond with each of them that made them individuals in her eyes. Instead she just had babies. She can't tell you anything about any of them as they grew, because she didn't raise them.
Exactly! Funny thing is, my husband and my son were these people. These weird strange beings that were laughing at 5 a.m., eating cereal and playing video games or watching cartoons. While the normal ordinary people, (aka my daughter and I,) Stayed snuggled up in the dark quiet bed, snoring until we got hungry... So like lunch time. Ya know, when the not weird people start their day.
They filmed, and showed, the moment when the Dr told Michelle that Jubilee was dead. Jim Bob and his, " I'm so sorry Michelle. The Lord giveth and the lord taketh away.. " and the funeral etc.
Yea... I won't be doing that, thanks anyway.
Or, the walkway isn't covered, so when it snowed it fell through the grate.
Your two flairs together are cracking me up!
Or, there is no cover at all over the walkway... I didn't mean just over the door. The walkway can be cleaned off of snow.
Right?! The things that used to make your children cringe, the grandbabies love! Go Barb!
I don't think that's correct.
*Appelonia. Her name is Patricia. And she had a life after Prince...
Wow. You need a Snickers, and a nap.
Wow... Do you mean to come off like an asshole? Or is it just your true self? Geez. (What two accounts are you saying am I wrong?? Enlighten me please?
Lol....! I did have something to say! That you need a Snickers and a nap. Obviously you didn't take my advice. ... Seriously, I wish you all the best. I just think getting all worked up over a stupid comment on the internet, and putting that much detail and time trying to be mean to me, (over a comment I never made,) takes a lot of wasted time and energy. It has to be exhausting being so negative to the point where you wrote paragraphs... To me. ... I'm exhausting just from typing this. I think I'm gonna have some ice cream and take a nap.
There was an AMA,here a while ago, and the person said they had a thing going on for years. They also said Matt is known around town for getting drunk at the local bar, and getting DUIs. Years ago, I was watching the show with a friend of mine, and they were on a family vacation, and Matt looked at Amy and said he had to leave vacation, fly home for the weekend for things at the farm that only he could take care of, and Amy shot him a look and I told my friend, Oh, He has something going on at the farm, and it's not work! "
You know how choices be!
Thanks! She's not great at follow through.
No idea! I think at some point we maybe went out to celebrate, knowing our correct anniversary day, but a day after for whatever reason... Like there was something else going on on the 2nd, or the actual day fell on a Thursday so we made plans for the next day, or for Saturday night, the 3rd? And then for somehow we repeated that the next year, rinse and repeat? That's all we can come up with, lol. We tend to not try to take things too seriously. We've been together forever and life is too short to sweat the small stuff. At least we still have an anniversary to celebrate!!
Um, for what it's worth, we talk shit about the men in the show too.
I would ditch the plant in the left, (it's beautiful,but too big for the soace,), and move the orchid..(?) To the left. Then You can see the picture and it's not too much going on. Everything else looks great! I agree about painting the doors white. Then I'd pick some something small on the right that you love. Either a small basket, picture of family, a pretty vase, anything that will make you smile when you see it. I think you've done a great job!
I'm still salty they stopped selling Camel Joe stuff. I still have a bunch of it, still love all of it at 45 years old,and yet, they said it was marketing to children then.
I think she saw herself getting pushed out of the farm, house etc. And took her time and decided to air her laundry before she blew town. Good for her! After all, they all acted like she needed to make a decision on what she was doing, when they had just decided of the divorce and, as far as I know, the option for anyone to buy anyone out in the divorce wasn't specified for a specific time. Matt said himself that it was more of an, 'This is the current agreement and I'll never force you out of the house, but if you ever decided you want out, we'll go forward accordingly.' type of thing. Then we soon as the papers were signed, the whole family started constantly asking her what she was going to do. Make a decision, are you staying here or moving. And they all made it seem like they couldn't move on with own lives until she made a choice. I think she really saw herself in that house forever. Seeing her grandchildren grow up there was what she thought would happen, and instead they all wanted her out. They will all have a hard awakening when they wake up one morning, and mom isn't there anymore. And they'll eat her dust. 🚛
I'll take my chances on the ground, thanks.
Very well said!
Wait... Why is she buying eggs? Don't they have chickens for eggs? And why only order 4 eggs? I'm confused.
We were lucky enough that our local police department would take them for the day while we tried to find the owners. If nothing turned up, they'd call the SPCA at the end of the day. We couldn't keep them in the facility for health reasons. I would assume it we didn't have the police, we'd call the SPCA ourselves. We did take in a yorkie and a pug one time, we kept them away from the other dogs and then my coworker took them home for the night. She found the owners the next day calling vets offices.
Make it in to a table.
They had no choice.
Did she have knee surgery?
On my goodness! No!!!!
Chapter 6: I will get my son back!
I'm only replying because your use of correct grammar and punctuation is exquisite! Carry on. Lol...
No, neither of them share a parent. So they are not full, or half anything. They aren't biologically related at all.
In the court house parking lot no less. I agree with you. I wouldn't put it past Jenelle to try to take off with her, only because somewhere in her delusional head she would think for sure the judge would see the tape and see how she's a good mom who only wants what's best for her child and Barb was threatening her with an officer...😶 but if she's stupid enough to try it and land her ass in jail with no hope of ever getting her daughter back, I'd be all for it.
I think it was Jana that said she knew about sex from looking it up in the dictionary when she was younger... Yikes!
Probably. I was trying to remember what the situation was where it would have came up in conversation but that's all I remembered, lol. I need a nap!
He has several amazing studios in his home at Paisley Park. It's incredible to see, especially if your an artist. I'm going back for a 2nd tour of the estate this summer.
Maybe from the nursery at church...?
It's fine! I haven't been in years either, but when I was younger a lot of times I'd volunteer to watch the babies in the nursery instead of attending services, (never really like church,)
Wake the fuck up! Seriously.
My daughter had to carry her dead child for 3 weeks because the abortion laws were so messed up. ... ...
There was an episode where Michelle talked about how Ramen was a way to get protein into the kids. Just plain Ramen and it's sodium packet.I'm with you, but you're sounds amazing!
That's awesome that you have a partner that values honesty, and it sounds like you're so close! It's normal to feel guilty about something that seems like a betrayal. Can I ask, would you feel the same if he wanted to be with a man? I'm honestly curious. I haven't been in quite the same situation, but close. I think it's great that you are not jumping into anything without thinking it through and you are involving him in your decision. That says a lot of good things about you! I wish you both well!
The women aren't big eaters...
What I want to know, is why is Cody spending all this money on these huge plans, when not only do they not even have utilities ran to the property, but it is zoned for individual homes as per the last owners and can't be used for single multifamily dwellings. He somehow thinks he's going to change that, but I don't see that happening. You would think that would be his first step. Or maybe buy the other property that is already available for your big McMansion.
Oh wow! I'll have to check it out! Thanks! Yea, I got the 3 pop dolls and was so excited to have the set, then saw they have a glittery version of the Purple Rain one, now that's next on my list. I wish they would do one for Under the Cherry Moon. (ETA: I found them! Thanks again!)
r/curlygirl is a great place to start!
So true!
I think it's a nervous giggle. It's definitely gotten better since they got married.
Yea, I'm with you on the whole story line bill shit. And, when Robin complained that she didn't want the wooded property because she was worried about forest fires, (ridiculous,) and now she and Kody bought her a house that's surrounded by trees. I think she's so much more manipulative then even we see!
And Spurge... All it makes me think of is a sexual slur.😬
Ugh! Thanks for the awful visual...with sound no less! Lol!
I upvoted you just for the sheer bravery of your comment! And it did make me giggle...unfortunately.
It's gibberish, and you're an idiot!
Is that only on Sunday's?!?☺
My friend and I call this the 5:00 fake out. Where you run around tidying up last minute things that are pointless to do earlier in the day or didn't get done. I can run a mean vacuum pretty fast!
Isn't it a school day? Are you skipping today?
Despacito.
She also got all excited when they saw Snow White and the dwarfs and started naming them and the kids were looking at her like, "Wtf?! Who are you and how do you know who these weird tiny people are!?!" It was amusing and then sad that she got so excited seeing something from her childhood that they never got to enjoy or experience. She pisses me off.
That's really sad. I hope she's better now. Sending love!💘 (No snark!!)
Not to mention the leaking pool...
A way for them to be racist, while bitching about racism...
Lol...
You shouldn't smell the chlorine strong. If you do that means it's working hard to kill stuff.
Here, give them this... 💰.
I got my rain shower head for $20.
Astro reminds me of the dog from The Jetsons.
Who is Alice?!
Wet the knife. No tears.
When did she and Leah go on vacation? My first thought was... is it his??
I dated a guy that loved my nails, toes too, and always noticed and complimented them. I get compliments from random men cashiers too who notice them when I hand over money. I had a nice berry color I used for a while that men seemed to compliment a lot. My husband on the other hand couldn't care less and only noticed sometimes if I have no polish on, he says they're bare. I think it depends on the man.
It was. She heard about them looking for a polygamist family and applied.
The celebrities you mentioned have all had work done. Some extensively. You can't compare that to natural aging.
I wonder if she's already pregnant again.
Yea, I still wouldn't put it past her. I know, right?! They all look so much alike, yet not alike. And yea, dithy sounds like ditzy to me.
Yea, and with Lux it was Jenelle that told.
They don't even have anything done for utilities on the property, and it's not zoned for a multi family dwelling, so they are no where near building. I'd have at least set up a campsite or something, but nope. Nothing.
He also said he didn't want any of they're bedroom walls to share a wall with another wife. They may hear each other. 😩
Unless it was someome checking to see if she had a camera for Chris, and was motioning to Chris waiting in the car...
So many people from the show Celebrity Rehab have died from either suicide or overdose, it's crazy.
More like early 1990's.
OHMYGOD!OHMYGOD!OHMYGOD!OHMYGOD!OHMYGOD!... Nailed it.
Truth!!
And... you're totally bite someone-able.
If you want to buy a Sam Cooke album...
I'm almost 50 and I still want someone to comfort me at night. Life is scary.
So... Do we know that Jenelle is back with him?! Seriously. Because all I'm seeing is a lot of speculation about what happened after the picture of them together. I'm not being snarky, I'm honestly curious. I need someone to dumb it down for me.
I really do think, looking back, if I would have had any means of preparing, like shopping for a nursery... or even a nursery to decorate, clothes etc, then maybe I would have been more open to knowing. I was only 18 and lived with my mom with my first, so it may have been a way for me to control some aspect of my pregnancy and life at that point. After that I was just broke, lol.
That's crazy. It's been so long ago since I watched, it's didn't remember. Thanks for the onfo! I should go back and rewatch.
It was a good one!
This!! Cate could have been so cute, and probably felt cute, but ended up channeling Peg Bundy.
Who remembers?? Pepperidge Farm remembers.
Abortion should, and probably was in thoughts at that point. There's nothing wrong with that. It's normal to go through all the options logically. I don't see the issue.
So, what happened with Leah sponsoring him so he could be here? I'm sure his family, wife and kids love seeing this.
Last time it was supposed to run from Kings Island to downtown, but everyone in the Mason area were afraid people from downtown would ride up in to the area, steal, rob them etc, and hop the train back downtown. Stupid, but that was one reason it was shot down.
And she was back to wearing her engagement ring.
PubliCITY! Because we love the city!!
You used to be able to get them at the post office too. A few years ago the library didn't have all of them and referred me to the post office. They informed me they no longer carry any of the forms.
Good idea! That would be awesome if I had a printer, or a home computer. If I need something printed I go to the library. I do everything on a tablet at the moment. But I already did mine this year on Free Tax USA, and it's easy So it works for now.
'I'm here for the snark family! I didn't want just the show!'
I do!
Can we all share the wet bar!? Half of us drink through the show anyway.
So you can just drop it in a pot of boiling water and cook it contained??
...true! I need sleep.
It's not zoned for a multi family dwelling. In fact, it can't be used for that purpose as per the previous owner. I'm sure it's to keep someone from building ugly high rise apartments etc, but it's not going to change no matter how many plans Cory comes up with.
What's wrong with the backpack?
I thought it was Jenelle's, and she just wanted to wear mom's purse...?? I doubt she's running around with an adult size black leather book bag hanging off her back all day.
Sanford and Son. ...the show he was on. He'd clutch his chest and say that in the show as a running joke.
People have said it's because a big balloon payment was due on the houses and they knew when it came up they'd be screwed.
I may tell my grandkids I'm doing, 'bank work.,' when I need a minute and want to check in. I don't work, nor have I ever worked at a bank, but it sounds very grown up, lol.
You should write a book.
You definitely should! You're very good at getting your point across and reflecting on your past! I'm sure a lot of us here would be interested! Even if it's just the Duggar \Bates drama,lol!
She says that, but then to Andrew she said she managed to not get pregnant for 10 years until he tricked her. I don't doubt her to have made that crap up when Kristina had her miscarriage, to make it all about her.
I haven't watched since it first aired, but I seem to remember thinking the way Robin acted up to and during the whole thing made me think she either had an idea, or had talked to Mariah or one of the other kids or something and knew beforehand.
Don't they actually have a whole fleet of planes? I know nothing about airplanes so I don't know if fleet is the right word, but at some point on here someone mentioned they have a bunch of small planes.
Very true! Jill never even got to help with labor and delivery for anyone like she had said she hoped to do while they were there.
Those weren't the protesters who had been peaceful. Those were boys waiting for an opportunity to start looting. Which they did.
Wasn't it curfew violations?
And her music room and guitar replicas.
Jen always wanted Ryan and Maci to get back together. She and Maci have such a good relationship, and I'm sure it disappointed her when her son couldn't step it up.
Very well said!!
Uh huh... So, when do you expect them to have time to set up these tents?? And, y'all know as soon as you saw them preparing to retain several hundred people you would have lost your mind. It would have been them preparing ahead of time for you immanent arrest. I'm sorry, but if you had been arrested for anything else, be it a DUI, domestic, etc. you would have been treated the same way. It's jail. Not a community center. You get booked in and if you think that outside for a night is a bitch... I know a bunch of inmates now that would trade you places in a heartbeat. Fresh air and out of a cell for a whole 10 hours... Absolutely! Cells are concrete and metal beds...
Is the fact that we're even discussing this not bothering anyone else??
Social media influencer... Lmfao!!! Ok sweetie. Sending love!💘
My friend and I were just talking about this because we saw Ree Drummond from The Pioneer Woman making them with frozen fish sticks!! I don't like fish tacos so I thought it actually sounded better! She sides with you and totally disagreed!
Ugh... Wouldn't Robin been like 12 when Kodi was the age in the picture??!
'are.'
You is gonna be fine! I just know it!
I love how she blames just Reddit. It's like she's Delujenelle to the extreme at this point.
Very well said!
So it makes it harder for her to search for posts made about her. And it makes it easier for the mods, I think.
Twice!!! You can't make this shit up!!!
They just have a crawl space. The water table where they put the house is only 12" .
They won't shut down the sub. This is a public forum. There's nothing she can do about it.
I think she's trying to hide her worn out clip in extensions.
Remember when she was going to make money off gaming... ...lol.
All I want to know is when we're all going to be sued. I guess she moved on...
4?? I'm betting by the weekend. None of us been harrasted yet...
Yea, her manager, David.
Where on the internet does it say this? (I'm genuinely curious, just to know who, I totally get it if you don't want to give out information.) I'm also curious to know if they are counting people who have it but are on home quarantine. Thanks!
She probably needed it to get in the door, so she did, then half assed it to check out.
Exactly! Just like explaining to your kids that vaccines are a normal part of life at their age, and even though it sucks, the good outweighs the bad. We suck it up to keep us and loved ones safe. Also, seatbelts.
I'm so sorry you have to deal with that!! Do you have to wear the same mask everyday? How do you disinfect it? Wash it? Lysol??? I am genuinely curious! I have a small surgical mask that I have only had to wear 2-3 times, (I don't go out unless necessary,) and I hang it in my car and spray it, and I'm about to receive a cloth one that I plan on wearing over another one. I just can't imagine having to wear the same one for that long. Sending love!💘
I get that! I shop the same way! Unfortunately, I've had to make changes that directly affect my shopping habits. I would never take my grandkids in to the store at this point, but I do understand. You seem like a great mama!
I have blonde, crazy curly hair. If it wasn't for hair products specifically marketed to black women, my hair would be fried. I wearing in pretty tight French braids all summer to protect it. It's just hair.
I think that's the only movie I've ever seen that totally skeeved me out! And I've seen a lot of creepy movies.
I disagree. Get away. Let his crap run it's course. He'll need money. Then decide if you buy him out or let it sink. In the mean time, Tuck up with your children. Stop posting on line. Don't go fuck something just to feel loved. Then you'll maybe you'll have our support again... Sending love!💘
But...the eyebrow kits...!!!?
Probably the one who got pistol whipped...
You know how choices be! 💘
You know how choices be. (Lol.. I seriously didn't see your user name. )
Isn't grouping all these, 'white people ' in the same group the same thing that is being asked not to do with poc?
I kind of got the impression that she was still married when she got pregnant... not sure why or where I got that from, but that was always my theory.
Sabrina!! Thanks!! Lol. Ok think Chapel had cancer originally...? But the 2nd round she faked for drug money..? And apparently the tooth thing isn't uncommon in an Amish community. I didn't get into the other 3, so I'm as much about them. We need a , "Where are they now," tell all!
What does where you live have to do with you being an ass? ?!
I can't believe it's been a year!!! I remember when you were so ready and swore you were in labor! Fathers day would be an awesome day to give your EMT cookies! That's so sweet!
So yummy!! Please don't starve yourself! I recently lost 20, and I have to remind myself to eat more fresh fruits and vegetables. You seem so excited! Yay! 💘
I have a sincere question. ... Your younger kids eat that for dinner? Are they full? I'm genuinely curious.
He didn't realize his beard wasn't long enough to cover it yet.
Well, ya know, the balloons were in his way... 🎈
Ugh! No thanks!
What about a gift card for something he like or likes to do? Like Home Depot, or his favorite take out? Or can you make him his favorite cookies or something?
Thank you!!! I stared at it for a minute and thought it didn't look right!!
Yep. And she sold the house\property and it was torn down and a new house built. Her mom was also a cancer survivor, so if it was mold or a virus something you'd think she would have been the worse off.
Considering Chelsea's father is a dentist, I'm pretty sure that is not what happened here.
I don't understand. Seriously.
Well, apparently it did the job.
Jenelle bought it last time she left him, in Tennessee.
When have nicknames been banned?? I still call David UBT, and have seen others. I do remember something about no nicknames in posts, (not in comments though.)because it can't be searched or something,, but in this case, wasn't the whole [redacted] started when she threatened to sue reddit, so she couldn't search her own name, and also to make it easier on the mods...? So much drama!
Of be just like her, it's like she's trying to copy her facial expressions.
Very well said!
Ahh!!! Gotcha!
Which is hilarious because you can't really go farther North.
The Dr's told her to stop taking her birth control... apparently, then she got pregnant. Then it all went away until her esophageal spasms which she books low altitude flights for. ...😄. She was pill shopping.
I think they are running out of buddies at this point.
Yep. Same thing in Ashville.
This is not a visual I want.
That's definitely debatable.
Uh oh!! Lol!!! Thanks for the info!!
Steaks are like bacon. Everyone likes them differently. Just because I like crunchy bacon and you may like yours limp and fatty, doesn't make either of us wrong. It's just a matter of taste.
Well, all you had to say was Covid, I didn't need the lecture, I get it. lol. I was trying to put together the whole pedophile thing together with her disability, and was confused. Have a great day!
Apparently the fence goes around the whole back yard..? Not sure, think I saw it on here.
Ok! Have a great day!
Me too. I !ean, it pays maybe 1/3? That's hard to live on when your already scraping by.
A lot of people don't realize that Guns and Roses Knocking on Heaven's door is a remake of Bob Dylan's. When it first came out a lot of people didn't like their newer version.
Weeds: Ex-fundie edition!! I'm all for it!
You'd think they'd start making their own Things That Matter Brew.
I'd wear a tie dyed TTMB shirt!! At home, drinking. Lol.
That would be hilarious! New shirts!!
He said it I think! Or it was the current curator... Can't remember, maybe his book?? Kinda tongue in cheek maybe.
The whole thing is so messed up. This is why people turn to the streets and get sketchy pills and od.
That's my friends issue too. She doesn't want to be on a bunch of pills, most days the cannabis helps enough, but there are days where she literally can't get out of bed when a pill or 2 would make a huge difference. She's had to cancel Dr appointments when it's too bad.
It is. But then then when you go to pain management, usually once a month, and they pee test ypu, and you have cannabis in your system, you will no longer receive pills, and won't be eligible for a card.
Most likely.
You do know, that no one in the kitchen cooking your food is wearing a mask... right?
That's good. I'm sure it was only because you could see them though. Trust me, in a closed kitchen, no one is wearing one.
You can't tip a cow
Also, didn't David post the video of the dog and Ensley?? Or was that after it came out, as an excuse? Too much drama to keep up with!!
Awesome!! I'll have to try that!! Thanks!
