she sure doesnt look very happy.
time to get a new case.
Volunteer in a foreign country. &amp;#x200B; Write a hit song.
Right
Indicates her shift is almost over.
Little Man
Someone I love is at risk of being killed.
should have made 1 completely different. In my experience 1 answer is obviously wrong.
Right
Was he trying to be funny or did he pass out?
3
a pro would go for the triple 20. It is worth more.
A hoy hoy &amp;#x200B; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qonpElvRu8Q](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qonpElvRu8Q)
yesterday. Person I worked with retired.
I would enjoy it more.. But I think the general demographic that watches the show would like it the way it is.
4
That is tough to say considering it was him or Hilary. But definitely not support him in the primaries.
How do you know he simply can't afford it?
Why? Cause she doesn't have a way to move them anywhere else. But the poem does say she is silly.
environment. Small city with forest all around and it and a few ski hills close. &amp;#x200B;
why is his pecan roll so small?
Trending is based on views not down vs. up votes
0630 in the morning? No thanks
not with men
Don't play games. You get the number, call/text the next day.
Smell. No question. It is the most easy to live a normal life.
Yea those crazy fish sticks they use to eat in 1942...
I think she has the nicest face.
It would be grass?
just like pawn shops
none. I think running gags are lazy writing.
torture the person to give up where it is.
Yes, a man child.
fix the gripes about youtube. \-Don't sensor people \-Make the rules for videos and violations clear. \-Tighten up the algorithm for strikes and ways to fight it when it goes wrong. &amp;#x200B;
Where is the picture from? India?
It's very sad. India is full of great and peaceful people. They just need to learn to take care of their surroundings and environment.
MASH
looks like a picture to me.
I would go if I got a free ticket.
Fred Rogers. I think he was truly a good person.
He is the 2IC, he is more than a salesman.
It will work fine. It will just siren if the alarm is set and tripped. It is worth setting it and have it siren to scare intruders. &amp;#x200B; People eventually will have problems with the system, eg low battery. Make sure you learn how to do this if you don't know. &amp;#x200B; Make sure you have full instructions for changing codes and other setting features. You won't get much help after the contract is completed. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
Yes. Second in Command. He is also the top salesman. I would guess he does ok.
House of 1000 corpses
And you just answered your own question. NK has violated international law and USA feels it is there obligation to enforce it.... Along with may others.
until you have an oranger peeler and a PICK-A-DELI® CONTAINER you don't have enough.
😂😂😂😂
Casino Robbery. Banks actually don't have much cash on hand anymore.
Gender wage gap doesn't exist.
This? Media companies would probably be very hurt.
Prove me wrong. Many marriages are proven to be long and happy and it was all based on money. Or look at what makes most people happy, service or making a difference in other people's lives. You could do it on the daily.
News today suggest talks have stalled and human rights issues are in play. https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/us-sanctions-senior-north-korean-officials-amid-stalled/story?id=59730861
I'm trying and already do volunteer.
That crazy "Domeatic Violence hotline"
I would claim the billion and have a good exit strategy
I hear they are extremely giving and open their home to anyone. They talk a little funny though.
Then they wouldn't be my dream person... But seriously I would try and have a conversation and try to come to a agreement.
MASH
I would disagree. I havent thought I saw a ghost for many years.
not super funny but i would buy this
Nice. Thanks for the write up. &amp;#x200B; India uses the swastika too. I actually watched a show a few years ago (don't drive here) and the host went to India. They were chronicling a family buying a car and they were painting swastikas on it for good luck. The host was definitely confused.
The Friendly Giant
and what is his son doing?
What kind?
presumably the same
It goes the opposite way. I remember years ago someone telling me that Hitler used the symbol in the opposite way intentionally but i never investigated.
how am I suppose to know?
I think they are both pretty terrible. I defended Colt on him not spending money. People didn't seem to like it. I took it to mean they are pro Larissa and anti Colt
Make the Andriod get a job and give me the money
This is becoming an increasingly popular way of install outlets. It is so the ground helps hold the plug in.
Be careful. They will call you a nazi for some reason.
And i thought he was going to hit the post &amp;#x200B;
Come on, find someone new to talk about. This was on \~8 years ago... Probably when you were 2
Me. This is my belief. Going into debt into 2040 isn't a good idea. When you make a promise and it isn't kept. It is bad.
OK. Did you read the article? The federal finance department is the group saying they won't be balancing the budget. Can they predict what will happen in the next 20 years? No. Can they make an educated guess based on what they plan to spend and what they historically have brought in with taxes? Yes, and there guess is, at least if the Liberals are in charge, the budget won't balance for a good long while.
*Citation required
read by Santa, then recycled. &amp;#x200B;
[http://www.theashleysrealityroundup.com/2018/12/21/exclusive-the-challenge-ex-on-the-beach-star-nelson-thomas-arrested-charged-with-theft-see-the-mugshot/](http://www.theashleysrealityroundup.com/2018/12/21/exclusive-the-challenge-ex-on-the-beach-star-nelson-thomas-arrested-charged-with-theft-see-the-mugshot/)
Marissa Miller
Yes. I do everyday when I go to work
Yup sexiest woman on earth in 2010
that's not regulation
there were smart phones before the iphone. "It was called the Simon Personal Communicator, and it was created by IBM more than 15 years before Apple released the iPhone."
Recess. Good stories
it's already trademarked
yes. It is a thing. My wife actually bought some a few weeks ago.
True. This movie sucked
No. I don't think the government should ever wield or endorse such power. I could see not collecting taxes on fresh produce.
i built a house in the middle of the woods that I havent claimed to the government. I don't pay housing taxes(rent) at all.
loser
i don't know anything about her. She wrote harry potter for her kids... That is about it.
I wouldn't bother with placing a call.
I don't trust anything from superstore. I won't shop there.
Last time I went there I checked the seafood area. The "fresh" muscles and such. Checked a few. They were all dead and should not be consumed. I brought it up but no one seemed to care about it. Also mother in law bought ice cream and it was clear that it was unfrozen and then refrozen. It was terrible.
"Risks of Eating Dead Mussels. ... Mussels that do not open during cooking or that have chips or cracks on the shell may be dead. The meat of dead mussels deteriorates, increasing your risk of microorganism contamination, food poisoning, infectious disease and other health problems." TL;DR - No upstanding fish monger would sell them.
Did you actually read this article? It is more about not eating muscles that refuse to open. I checked these muscles myself. None were open and smelled bad. Your article reference this saying "The best way to check the safety of mussels is to check them before you cook them. Mussels have such a small mass that if they are invaded by a pathogen or germ, they will be overwhelmed almost immediately, and will smell bad. "
cost vs. benefit
I have read lots of articles were cities have started a recycling program but face difficulties because the people refuse to only put in proper recyclables and it takes many man hours to re sort.
didn't know it was panned before i went.
volunteer
Yes. I was alive. People liked him and Clinton served his term adequately. HIs private affairs did not effect his leadership from what I saw.
Kim kardashian
call someone to come get you or buy a bus ticket.
Ignition
This is my guess.
British burnt down the white house.
I don't really have context of what I would be able to do. Probably make myself rich and help others.
growing weed for personal use.
a small million dollar lottery win
you gain so much more than a pay check that is the problem with this.
what is the stuff on top that is giving it sheen
they are opening a brand new one on 17th ave se as well. Slightly surprised about the falconridge one. I would guess it all has to do with traffic. &amp;#x200B;
wall is probably the best solution. &amp;#x200B;
baby name wizard seems to suggest it is Emma
4
Yahtzee
Leonardo is in the back. He is the one with a blue bandanna.
were their fires in peachland? Normally they are farther north.
I have no idea what that is.
Electing the Liberals under Justin Trudeau
Don't want them to hurt themselves.
Towing a waterskier at night is a serious criminal offence.
Mcdonalds commercial, got it.
Marissa Miller
voted for what??
can't keep ? Either experiences= trips etc or Stock, and then sell it back
Adoration
Nope, you understand it perfectly. It's just ridiculous. That's why we need to demand more from government
I have heard many cases of this before. Because local law enforcement will not help you I would say you should report your passport stolen and see what the process to get a new one is. This may be hard, especially if you can't leave the home. &amp;#x200B; Honestly I would say it's similar to being kidnapped. You should placate to your family. Say you don't know what you were thinking and of course not marry the person. CBC did a detailed story on someone with a similar story. I feel for you.
I sure didn't get any back. First time i have paid taxes in years.
nsfw?
Snatch
It's just like Brad Castlebury
it would make more sense to sell metal or multi use bottles.
I doubt she would be able to
come on, most people are on your phone at least once every waking hour or have a clock in front of them eg computer or clock on wall
Charlie Sheen doing copious amounts of drugs
I would say no. I think you are aware of them. You should take steps to correct them yourself and read books/listen to audio books. Only if that doesn't work go visit.
Did you swipe right?
Yeah it has honey in the dough
Marissa Miller as Stripper #1
3
3 digit lock. Give someone 3 minutes to get in. What a joke
This guy is an idiot. For her sake I really hope she finds someone better.
Yeah I agree, preventing people from going to work, earning a living, and feeding their families is a piece of shit thing to do.
Neither does sitting on a road and backing up traffic increasing time on the road by motorists. At least picking up garbage you could take it to a proper facility and have it recycled instead of ending up in landfills.
arguably his greatest moment was his pre arranged speech at Lincoln memorial. A march vs. sitting in a major intersection is a little different.
Do one thing that hurts your cause by adding to peoples time on the road and piss people off.
you know what makes government pay more attention? Attending meetings with them, as I suggested. You are saying that people turned off by traffic will NEVER get on. I obviously don't agree. Even if you don't believe that I think you can agree that maybe more people would come to an event if they see if it is well planned and doesn't put people out.
uhhh. It's not moving itself.
They can only edit things you say and do
I am just a little less forgiving I guess. Look at Ryan. He is shown the least. Pretty much only when he is talking to another member with drama. You know why? Cause he isn't giving them anything. For Tyranny don't act that way. I would say she is just embarrassed.
I doubt it. Average Iranian is Muslim. The religion as a whole, discounting the extremist parts, is still very racist and anti women
I agree You should not vote for Lyin' Hillary, Sanders, Warren, or Biden
I disagree. The Lauren story line wasn't interesting or fans didn't react in the right way. So they didn't use it
It didn't test well with fan focus groups prior to release
What was it?
I know what 99% are the donations are. 1) something about N***** 2) Something about ram ranch/being gay 3) something about writing some dumb "123" in the Chat. You must be stupid if you thought I could somehow knew what your donation message was. You first
I already told you it had the same tired jokes.
Because it was boring and didn't lead to any additional drama
You say if i don't have children. So you are saying it would be ok for and man and wife without kids?
Melissa McCarthy
Not true... but ok
Maybe. I can't find any clips of him singing but he did audition. If they "log everything" wouldn't they be able to see he auditioned?
Option 1) Take an LOA for a month. Drink every day. I still have a job. Option 2) Non alcoholic beer. Drink 1 before work and remaining 11 after work
I am surprised it not closer to 90%.
I have to say that I dislike most the cast this season and the host doesn't help.
Please no
I got downvoted for saying "please no". At least you are still up on the day
1 car every 34 seconds? That is crazy considering all the prep that is involved.
I would be interested to know how many people it effects and what other opinions are available for them. If they are not covered because they are under 65, is their an equal program that exists for people that need it?
all non-white immigration? I didn't see that anywhere.
I'm not going to be there but you should go up Johnston Canyon in Banff
All music? What is your favourite polka song?
Don't really care for the whole season. Adore and La Demi seem so self involved.
They won't let you do what you want? Riot.
Did she never ring the doorbell or knock? Either dementia or fake
Nope. Auto = Automobile Automobile ="a road vehicle, typically with four wheels, powered by an internal combustion engine or electric motor and able to carry a small number of people."
Boggle, Skipbo, 5 crowns, Wingspan
Sociables,
not getting sick with a cold/flu
His portrayal on Futurama
mechanic " person who repairs and maintains machinery." I get the point you were trying to make. It just didn't land.
I idea of being triggered and safe spaces.
None. I am dead inside.
hypocrites.
Great advice. More people should show there support or lack of it with their dollars.
I agree. Should happen more often. Would love to see true last minute seat sales where you just pay $10 above the taxes or something but it leaves in 4 hours.
referendum style voting on every new law and politician pay increase
very.
[Though Ancient, Fossil Fuels Don't Actually Come From Fossils](https://www.forbes.com/sites/quora/2017/06/28/though-ancient-fossil-fuels-dont-actually-come-from-fossils/)
beer on tap is not considered high quality. It is normally the less expensive option. You will never her someone say: "Bottled beer? No I want the good stuff on draught "
Varya doesn't know. Mary doesn't have an excuse
I worded it poorly but thank you. I wanted to know if he refused to identify prior to the camera rolling
politics and religion
Chemical reaction from microbes dining on plankton and other plant life
Jenna's boyfriends really like Bumble
Have to prove there was true voter tampering in mass scale
I don't think it matters. Unless someone gets in who is not part of the establishment the needle moves very slowly. The economy will fall further that it is currently and the separation between rich and poor will continue
$15? I'm not killing anyone
pet rock
Except at the start when he says "I never wanted to be a barber" it would be President.
It doesn't make sense for one. If I can hire women for 20 cents less an hour.. Why wouldn't I only hire women? If you read in depth most of the disparity comes form job choices or time/hours spent at job. https://www.forbes.com/sites/karinagness/2016/04/12/dont-buy-into-the-gender-pay-gap-myth/#fe9243325969
\^this... NO need to write it twice
Phantoms
Envy
You have been in a coma for 2 days. Don't worry nothing has changed
Maybe because you were so rude instead of just saying "no" politely
Are you mad that your parents gave you vaccines and henceforth autism? . . . Just kidding. I don't believe this, nor do I have any questions for someone with autism
That's what I am trying to say.. Doesn't make sense. How does I stop or have stopped a criminal breaking into my home? No police, no guns... The criminals just do what they want.
It's easier. Someone to spilt the bills with, someone to talk to, someone to help you.
resolution to energy crisis is probably the biggest or a better system of government
No. IMO it is the same level of acceptableness
Gain confidence. Start working out and take martial arts. or Just ask out tons of women, one is bound to say yes eventually
Valentines for him. Sex/Make out sessions for the other guys
Get a ride to the hospital and just hang out
MASH
If every country is doing it... sure. BUut why wouldn't you use one of the most spoken languages compared to making a new one.
Whatever they like. My neighbours are good people.
5 years ahead. Feel like I could change mutiple things instead of just one
find a few examples and look them up on social blade.
jumping. You are going to continue moving and tear skin and possibly break some bones. Crashing into a car there is safety mechanisms to limit the injury. 20 mph, at least where I live, is school zone speed. Seatbelt, airbags and you could brace yourself
whip? You need something that gives you reach advantage by a good margin. Don't know enough that a sex shop sells.. Do they sell paddles? maybe that.
Just feel even most of the time.
sure it does.Did he threaten the officer? Did he pull something out?
You probably could but that is not the way police are trained. I mean this was ridiculous knowing the back story and it's good that the officer will/has been disciplined.
And they say chivalry is dead
2nd officer has a problem and needs some training or punishment. When he has dealing with the first officer the guy should have complied. Deal with any issues concerning the pull over or arrest in court. Something else was going on or he wouldn't be out of the car. I'm black, I've been pulled over 4-5 times. Never been pulled out of the car, issued 3 speeding tickets.
Maybe... In my mind the 2nd officer could have came and tried to deescalate the situation before the take down but it's easy to play armchair quarterback.
Should have handed him a Pepsi
placing a knee on the back prevents the suspect/accused from getting up and is a a standard practice. Across the neck is a little different.
Government issued? Yup, not surprised.
security guard. Easy to do and normally quite a bit of down time to read
Something by roch voisine or je suis une pizza "je suis un pizza Avec du fromage Beaucoup de sauce Des tomates Des oignons, des champignons Épices mélangees Je suis une pizza, prête à manger"
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65uNCLBTje0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65uNCLBTje0)
Yeah it is "a statement or action expressing disapproval of or objection to something." By definition a sign posted on your vehicle while driving could be a form of protest.That may lack in effectiveness but still a protest.
This to me shows a huge problem with government overreach. They put these systems in place "to protect people" but just make it harder to earn a living. Police should receive more training, especially deescalation, and in the same breath I say that government shouldn't tell a citizen when they deserve to work in a vocation. Especially something like interior designer, 1760 hours?? What purpose does it serve? What problem does it fix? Someone getting the wrong throw pillows to go with their couch?
Yup, upvote. I have a similar thought. Why is government so quick to stop a citizen from earning a living legally, especially something with little to no chance of harm.
I think everyone should stop using the term "systematic racism". There is not system that is keeping people down. There isn't a law or a procedure that treats races different than each others (sans affirmative action). It's people, there are some terrible, terrible people that keep these ideologies but not systems. If there is one, please make me aware of it. To answer the first nay sayer. The justice system doesn't have set rules,law,restrictions, to treat people differently. It's the individual officers,lawyers, and judges.
So he wasn't worried all the other times the government limited his rights and "treaded on him"
ohhh... the driver decided to murder that young child..
I would suggest that you need more education to be a successful lawyer. Although it may not seem like it but there are many successful, good cops with 6 months of training.
UnwantedCommercials, Taskmaster, Reactistan,
Not insured, belong to the studio, either sent to the auto wrecker or fixed
electricity
Do what you want but it seems like dick move to me
Nope. Still counterfeit "made in exact imitation of something valuable or important with the intention to deceive or defraud."
I definitely wouldn't be hanging around them anytime soon. My friend's husband is immune compromised. I get that bit Shutting them out of your life forever and ending the friendship forever, seems OTT
Don't think lungs are considered flesh "the soft substance consisting of muscle and fat that is found between the skin and bones of an animal or a human."
Google says you are wrong Underwater = "beneath the surface of the water"
OF?
People say they are underwater in the shower? You live in a weird world
^(Refund the police)
That's an amazing payday. But no
Just went out of style. Like 90's has full of neon. Not much neon any more.
2 years
16 years? I think it is going to take about 4 more cycles for anyone to be able to consistently push their plan and how it differs from the power 2
Major League
They haven't
Land Before Time
They could hire tons of moderators... I guess.
Chased by bully. Ran until they stopped.. I could run fast and for a good amount of time. I biked to school everyday
Hamster Dance
Elon. Seems pretty smart
I don't know. Whatever she wants I guess.
No. Pauly Shore was popular
No idea. He was a pretty smart guy though, his parents had quite a bit of money. Pretty sure he would have done well.
No such thing as a prodigy?
This question says "afterTALL" .... and very few know anything about farming and basic repair
kind of immature.. That being said, it doesn't really matter. 50 year olds are immature at times.
Either this is fake or this is a really stupid person.
No rest for the first year, learn the job and volunteer if the company is looking for special assignment. Be humble but prove why they made the right decision to hire you and not the other candidates.
Mckenna Grace
I think it distracts from the message but at least from what I can see law makers don't change course unless something like this does happen.
It has been the easiest to survive than it ever has been. Don't have to spend hours in a field just for some food
healthy eating and lots of cardio( run, bike, climb stairs)
With the clip from Biden saying to vote for Trump, it seems like a race to the bottom
I would guess it's coraplastic. But you think you try to tear it once, it doesn't work, so you just fold in it a a smaller square.
Right? I mean he's no Chad but as a whole he looks better than me and I'm married
Let's wait and see
Lawler hitting him with a piledriver
Reagan?
Stretch everyday Be as good to others as you can.
symmetry
Facebook? Is my friend 45?
Real estate. Same as now. Just not as successful
And a baby chainsaw
You're not the first to say this and won't be the last. The problem is no one talks about the competition aspect of the show. Maybe 1/10 posts on Reddit are about how a competition went. The rest are about the competitors and what they are doing on social media or how much they like/dislike a competitor because of drama on the show. Start routinely posting about the competition and gameplay and production will focus more on it.
once every 2 weeks
Diet and exercise. No more sweets, candies, and junk food. Vegetables and lean protein Lots of core exercise. Don't cheat yourself buy using machines just use free weights
18, unless it comes up. Then the parent should be honest.
ET or Basewars
Tim Allan
Who framed Roger Rabbit World
Problem is training. Officers are trained to be in control of the situation at all time. When people question them, even legitimately, they feel they are losing control
100 i feel i could make more money selling them
No. Technically birthmark means "a congenital, benign irregularity on the skin which is present at birth or appears shortly after birth—usually in the first month. They can occur anywhere on the skin. **Birthmarks** are caused by overgrowth of blood vessels, melanocytes, smooth muscle, fat, fibroblasts, or keratinocytes." This would preclude being all skin
Kettle. I just use a pot
That girl who posted she would sleep with who ever did.
Cannibal the Musical
Judge
Looks like winter. They probably used remote/command start. This is completely normal.
Corona or election in November
I only do it when I can't understand the question and it is in hopes the OP fixing it.
\^this
Basic healthcare covered thru taxes should be provided... If that is what you mean.
1995. It was crap
Prarie Oysters
generate wealth I have read many studies that America is the easiest to start with nothing and make money
Seems pretty easy. Get a woman whenever I feel horny. Why is this even a question?
No. This has never happened to me
Why would a toilet manufacture care about toilet paper used? American Standard has no reason to care. AS for toilet paper companies.. I don't know but I would assume weight or depth while on a roll. For instance 3 ply would be more than a regular roll. But not really same amount of sheets.
Freaks and Geeks
That's quite a bit of food. Probably more than I eat in a day. It's good that it is available for people who need it
A restaurant? No chain that I know of. Or a butcher maybe
I agree in a way but have to change to create change. Instead of talking about Dee as a person or how bad she is. Talk about the Elimination game, strategy, who would have done better against Dee
I don't think anything specific about them. Everyone judges others and their past decisions in my experience.
Say "No. Leave me alone"
Yeah.. everyone does this. Still bug one of my friends for stupid stuff they did 10 years ago.
I don't have a president but let's say he does....I wouldn't care but would grab my popcorn and get ready to watch the kids freak out on the internet and in the streets
You have to learn to laugh about the past instead of being defensive
running faster than I as use to? I would take the $15,000 and not run at all. Doesn't seem hard to me.
Your Pretty face is going to hell
No. Cause if you asked someone to stop at the store and pick up tomato sauce and they brought home Ketchup you wouldn't be happy with it.
gardening for yourself
Then it is not worth it
If they find someone other than Biden, it is possible. With Biden I highly doubt it. Time will tell Trump's conservative support is still quite high.
they all grew bows.. That is crazy
Based on past events I am surprised they didn't put extra shit in the way
Mass murder while carrying large quantities of drugs
Real Answer: Trump He has a huge name recognition
Rocky
Ronald Mcdonald or Mickey Mouse
Ice Hockey
Doesn't make sense. It's part of history. Are you going to burn all your money too? That has slave owners on it
Couples Court. It is pretty awful
Things go well when you don't try and grab an officer's tazer
Filmore!
Square 1
be more honest and better to others
Depends what is wrong with it. Probably need to open and rewire
Hiding in a houseboat in the middle of a lake
Cause I will do anything for love
&gt; sImPpP Yes. I am very silly or foolish
Sounds like it could be crime
the shoot you in the balls Robocop?
Rob Zombie
Dont Wanna Stop
Spun
Maybe. I enjoyed the show more when it was more physical based.. seems way more about the drama now.
1) . Yes, 100%. They are more worried about alliances and "getting the favour repaid" 2) I initially thought that was what they were trying to do with Jay... But they just wanted the perceived weakest player 3)Yup 4)Meh. I could go either way on this. She is playing the game in her way. I could see Tori and Jordan doing the same. Agree with pretty much all your points. And for the love of God, Yes! Someone kick out Josh.
Unifund gave me the best rate I could find when I last shopped.
Work hard and stay with a woman after knocking her up
Being too awesome
Lead actor- Shutter Island Lead actor- BIG Lead actor - Moneyball
Thought about it in college. She wasn't much older than the students.
How do you know?
Rent a houseboat and go to the middle of a lake
2nd. There is no possibility of making any money with the first.
Great idea but there is some weird pictures on here. I mean.. I can't say I would ever use peace sign, sun, moon
Watch Tv, Exercise, Go on a vacation, drink, spend time with friends... There are so many options
Netherlands
Pretending to get authorization from supervisor
A small town in Montana or Oregon
I don't think it would change much. I mean what is the point of living longer if I am going to be in prison? Maybe abortion would be more popular.
Answer to life or something about about afterlife
thumbs up. In some places giving a thumbs up is offensive. Some people see the Ok symbol as some white power thing
Maybe... People say eating healthy is more expensive so.. probably not
Debt.
good idea. I would say it is better to learn basis key phrases but that is just me
but then i would have to work
An optimist would say it was half full
Parents deserve a shot too
do you mean a rule change? or the referee fucked up?
The Great Khali
pace
touch as little as possible and just live
An adult show based on lives of the princesses.
aliens existence or lack of how corrupt the government is
It meets the definition "websites and applications that enable users to create and share content or to participate in social networking."
feel sad
collect welfare legally
Saved by the Bell All in the Family
money can get you anything that exists and even somethings that don't
apologize for not having a gun
lying, cheating, government restricting rights,
Call the government and make some demands to turn it over
World's best spy?
Sheldon
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson
Pet Rock
Scientists - Find solutions for all the problems. (environment, over population, pollution, hunger)
"We don't have a leader, humanity is broken"
runs a company training dogs with her parents
natural foods. Little sugar
MASH I think it has a bit of everything
sugery, exercise, makeup
flies??
Irish car bomb?
Mcdonalds Pizza
Committing any crime and getting caught could have made my life different.
Defund the police at work
ambulance could not get to the victim because this being a police free zone. He didn't have to die
in the long run it doesnt matter
vehicle.
put a finger in his bum
how to do CPR. They always bend their elbows
Superman
Spun
Quit committing crime
I am coming around on it but I think it is because the majority of the content is still trash.
drill
Heavy Metal, Cool World, or Who Framed Roger Rabbit
Give the cat to someone who can take care of it properly.
Vote for President of the USA
Knife I don't care where you get stabbed or shot. It hurts more then stepping on legos.
it will limit the amount of officers on the street. There are broad definitions of what "defund the police" means. I have seen many wanting no police at all.
so.. no white actors?
Unless a court proceeding has kids involved or a sexual nature it should be broadcast.
Yes. Cause the story is just that.
drink some everclear
about Bitcoin and how well people did who invested early
Invite them in and listen to their pitch.
report it to the police
I liked Bear and Kaliah Bear is entertaining as a single.
I thought he said that during the show. But I could be wrong
35
12. Yes
a cabinet. he made it but no one wanted to buy it cause it was trash. He decided to hang out his idea of being a great carpenter and became a prophet instead.
fart really loudly and waft it into others faces
Alan shore
improper reporting mixed with trying to keep the economy open
Mcdonalds has a very high standard of cleanliness. Machine must be cleaned often and it take a long time to fully clean.
block all communication and move on
I don't know if you are going to the grocery store
10 million us dollars
Once per day and about 4 hours to clean. I would say bad management is the main cause of poor timing but part of the issue is under staffing as well. A 4 hour job turns into 5 or more. Obviously locations would try to avoid peak serving times. I don't know to the answer to the 2nd question. I would think space and cost.
John Cena
Sure. I would take that deal.. But i don't think I would go to prison anyway.I'm rich. I'm pretty sure I could hire people to keep this person from ruining my life too badly.
dont know anything about it. Seems to me that it could do better if they pushed tourism more and lowered prices
Uneventful. Picked up a hitchhiker. Drove him about 8 hours. He was a young adult trying to get back home for a job. Bought him dinner at Subway. He accidentally left his gloves in my vehicle. Never saw or talked to him again.
No line. Except for the basics that already exist under different laws. Can't yell fire in a crowded movie theatre, bomb on a plane, or lie about products you are selling
I woke up and was driving to work. Radio station play "end of the world as we know it" 4 times in a row. It was annoying AF. Wasn't surprised that he won. watched some of the votes coming in. People want a change that isn't career politicans. At this point I will be shocked if Biden wins in November. He is a perverted old man that can't seem to speak properly.
get a dog or another friend that will to live alone for the rest of his/her life
doesn't happen to me. I use to get family feud recommends all the time. I said I didn't want to see any and havent seen any since.
I don't think it needs to change but it's not a bad idea either. I mean do kids even know the characters? Rebooting the rides every 20 years makes sense to me. But I do love Zippy Do Dah.
rotate my arms
Chevy
riding a bike, playing nintendo, watching tv
my limit is 5 years of either side of my age.
finding the cure for cancer
they shouldnt. But I can see the need for accuracy if you are portraying a real person. I mean they made that [Mr.Rogers](https://Mr.Rogers) movie... Would have been weird if it was a Chinese actor
cause it's not him nor does it look like him. I guess it won't matter in 50 years but I would think having someone the relatively looks like the person is a form of homage, nostalgia, and history. And then there are some movies that are about certain things. Growing up poor in a black community and overcoming racism in an all white school wouldn't have the impact if it was played by Ben Affleck
being racist?
Czech Republic. Beautiful buildings and women
give someone $40,000
anything you buy you have to use to get the effect Free weights, water bottle, or yoga mat
dont really care about anyone that much
bacon and eggs and toast
Ask for a small loan of a million dollars
limit power of police unions with officers with multiple infractions pushed out. Make a clear use of force model. If a known offender is running away from police, depending on the crime, maybe you let them run away. You can always pick them up later. Change what constitutes an arrest vs. release with PTA
aliens
Super Mario Brothers
Buy anything that I can that I will be able to sell tommorow
Have a seat
My lord does that boy need a diet
call the government
could have advertised more in foreign markets I guess.
Ask who they killed and why
Oprah Will Smith Anna Kendrick
Democrats will finally admit that Biden is a terrible candidate and find someone that is actually good and not just a creepy old white pedo
Yes. I could easily plan retirement. If I am going to die in 5 years. I don't want to spend it working.
I dont not know any processes that it does not support. I used it were I worked for a bit as a reporting tool and it wasn't great. But it still did it.
i don't think it matters.. people break commandments all the time. We are terrible to each other
banging body that she likes to show off
The only thing I can compare it to is this.. When I was a kid after a bbq lighter is finished we would take it apart and you would have the sparker. You held it between your index and thumb and pushed it together it would produce a spark . Touch somebody with it and it provides a slight electrical charge. It feels like getting you done to you over and over.
The same reason this question keep getting asked over and over
deep breathing
open concept
Change the tax structure completely. Build the Wall. Truly help the homeless.
I might watch it. But it could be positive or go really sideways. If i was a CEO in this circumstance and was set to appear on the show I would not have cable, have the cheapest cell phone / plan available, not eat at any restaurants, spend all my time at publicly funded places like the library, walk everywhere and say I am perfectly happy. .. even if it's a lie.
It's very popular now. At least in Canada. The main thing is having the kitchen having a half wall and that you can see into the living room.
compassion
No. The system shouldnt allow them to post it
Context? Did Rod have a sign saying something about violence?
show him your butt
I liked the scene when a drunk driver was pulled over but he was passing all the field sobriety tests.
People who work for water company
Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind... maybe Vanilla Sky? Return to Paradise? In the Company of Men?
Most jobs can be fun if you work with good people.
Trump wins 2nd term. Dems should not have run Biden
I doubt anyone does this. There is still dew on the lawn better to do it after 10 but before it gets hot.
Get a new phone, block her on social media. Tell your friends/family to do the same.
makes you think about what is important. that is all i am going to say
Against the Wind - Bob Seger
Commit a crime that will send you to prison get addicted to drugs
Task Master
this\^
really? He seemed kind of flat to me. He didn't seem to question the competitors enough to me. That being said he is probably one of the best they have had in the show. I have read they didn't know how was a match. But I can't verify it.
other races invented the telephone? Which race? (citation needed)
