27 year old skater here, when did grabbing the board by the trucks becoming "mall grabbing?" In the 90s and 2000s everyone did that. Some time around 2012 or so I started seeing the younger kids call it mall grabbing.
Just because a guy reads comics doesn't mean he can't skate!
I feel like they were the worst 10 years ago. Anyone who didn't do 20 switch flip tricks in a row, who rode a board bigger than 7.78 and didn't look like an emo kid was called a poser. I was a clean cut kid (I dressed more like Jesse James from West Coast Choppers) that still rides 8.5 inch decks and can street 180 was called a poser. I still skate, I don't live in the same town anymore but most of them quit skating and became hipsters by time they were 18.
I guess. I can't even remember the last time I've seen a mall or much less skaters who hung around a mall.
There needs to be a new YouTube series "Miss Frizzle is Trash" like "Zach Morris is Trash"
&gt; But then this was also the series where Johnathan enacts a hostile takeover of her company and leaves her on the street so I think the moral of the story is nobody actually likes Angelica's parents. I never watched All Grown Up but damn, I remember Johnathan was always trying to get a head and "dig up dirt."
I skated actively back then and never heard that once. Everyone carried their boards like that. I didn't start hearing it until recently. I remember back then people hated on pro skaters that didn't do 20 flip tricks in a row and everyone hated on vert skaters for some reason.
I appreciate all of the advice man! I'll look into both the quick release pickup jacks and the Fu-Tone.
&gt; Or unbranded cheap chinese guitars. They seemed easier to find 10 years ago. I remember all the flea markets would have 2 to 10 stands of cheap chinese guitars. None of them seem to where I live. Even one of the Pawn Shops I frequent, a mom and pop one owned by mom and pop, says they get less guitar stuff compared to 10 years ago. When they do though it's always something really nice like ESP LTDs, or Mexican Fender Strats or a Tony Iommi Epiphone SG. I'll keep checking craigslist and around to see if I can find a good cheap guitar.
Aww, Gandalf the Tricolor.
I love how facially expressive Beagles are. They have a look for everything.
I hate all of the changes. They changed Wedges entire back story too. Disney is changing everything just for the sake of changing things. It makes no sense.
I love the Marble Hornet vibes at the end of the video. The scene where JT filmed himself in the dark in some sort of paralysis, reminded me a lot of Entry #19. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-qZUgxShlM
I wonder if a bot wrote this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjrCRyZVTE8
Please do and destroy it once and for all. Even though bots suck at writing articles now, I worry 20 years down the road that they will have been developed enough to write as well as a human. All an editor has to do is type in a few keywords and the bot generates an article that sounds like it was written Hemingway! Software developers and programmers are working on it now.
LOL nice. I'm guessing James was Baseball Lars was Tennis and Rob was Skateboarding/Surfing?
I guess I never read any of the bad stuff so I never new any of the contradictions or retarded stuff. I've read the Thrawn Trilogy Young Jedi Knights I,Jedi The X-Wing Series and some of Rogue Squadron The Han Solo Trilogy (way better backstory than Solo) The New Jedi Order (which personally I loved) Legacy of the Force (I also loved) Shadows of the Empire
Oh yeah Surfing and Skating are sports.
If you like The Warriors or The Driver you will like it. All of Walter Hill's classic movies where ahead of their time and almost play out like 90's video games. Most of the characters are archetypes, the pacing is quick and events happen in stages. There is usually also a big boss at the end.
Annihilator Alice in Hell/Neverland Double CD. Got it in 2009 as a birthday present. I really grew up downloading songs off Limewire/BeeMP3. It was the first CD I actually owned that wasn't my parents CDs. I've gotten a ton of free Rock and Metal CDs sense. Usually when I go to garage sales, usually some older Gen Xer will give me a shoebox full of CDs because he's happy to see a millennial into rock and metal. I keep a handful and sell the rest on eBay.
NO TOUCHING!
this reminds me of Breaking Bad. So Jesse saved Karen and lied to Lisa and Karen's mom that the mafia will never bother him again. However, the other mobster who's money it actually is, is still looking for it and Joe the rogue mobster got a back of stuffed animals and knows where Jesse lived. To make matters worse Psycho Dad took mob money and brought Jesse's house with it! So we have a Breaking Bad/Marble Hornets series.
Judging by the Gas Prices, this is probably 2008-2012.
I can't believe 2012 was 7 years ago.
Jersey Mike's and Wawa are the best chain subs.
I only had Firehouse Subs once and thought it was just decent. Nothing special. It was miles better than Subway though.
It's beanie babies all over again. Everyone thinks they are going to get rich off of them. It will be a fad that will die out some time in the 2020s.
I can feel the humidity.
Kojima would be proud.
Ike: I WANT TEST PILOTS! Von Braun: There must be some other type of man!
If you simply like collecting them that's fine. A buddy of mine owns a video game store and they sell Funko Pops due to consumer demand. Different people come in a few times a month and drop hundreds on a complete set in hopes they will be worth something someday. I know people also use a Funko Pop app to check the value. If you simply like them and enjoy collecting them that's cool.
I'm not sure. I haven't been to Disney since like circa 2005. But yeah, I feel like everyone should have been set during the Original Trilogy and not on this planet called Batuu.
&gt; Yakkity Sax plays the entire time Benny Hill theme.
Space Balls the lunchbox, Space Balls the t-shirt, Space Balls the flamethrower!
I had no idea there was a bonus. Or maybe there should have been hybrid it starts as Empire in the Asteroid field and it jumps to Endor and the Death Star run. It's always been my childhood dream to yell like Lando and fly out of the Death Star.
Metallica, Megadeth, Alice in Chains, Foo Fighters, The Killers, I think you have all of the essentials.
I would love to find a Star Wars Battle Pod. Never seen one in real life. Maybe one of the arcades at one of the Jersey Boardwalks have one.
I almost feel that Commando is more of the "Scream" of action movies. What makes Scream great is that not only doesn't it poke fun and have self aware references to the horror tropes, it's still a serious horror movie. Commando is like that for action movies. It pokes fun at the 80s tough guy tropes while still being a serious action movie. The Last Action hero is great (i've always loved it) but it's more of a straight comedy.
Candlejack. He's going to have to charter a bus, believe it or not.
So do I fight Master Roshi? Or Jackie Chun?
I have an 86 IROC Z and I will never not use the stock gauges. They have that perfect 80s Pro Stock Car aesthetic. I just ordered a reproduction Temperature Gauge because I love the look of them. I love the warm glow of the lightbulbs too. Get a dash pad cover if you can. I got mine from Hawks, made the interior look nicer. What motor? I have the LB9 aka the 305 TPI.
Just buy an IROC instead of the Berlinetta. You get the TPI and more horsepower.
I guess I never liked the Berlinetta's body or dash as much as the IROC. It looks less like a pro stock drag car and more like a luxury car. I love the IROC's dash because it looks like a pro stock drag car. I guess buy a Berlinetta and swap a cammed Goodwrench 350 in.
Kind of like the Corvette C4. Most C4 owners I know do love their electronic dashboards but they do have a ton of problems.
They are becoming collectable now though. I brought my IROC in 2012 for $2000. Nobody wanted one back then and it wash the cheapest muscle car I could find. Now it's worth $10K give or take $1K. I think the IROCs, the Trans Am, the C4s, the Mustang 5.0 GTs &amp; LXs and the Monte Carlo SS's are starting to become collectable. The Buick Grand National has been collectable for a while. I think in 10 years the other 80s muscle cars such as the Olds 442, the Thunderbird, the Mercury Capri, the Pontiac Grand Prix and the Malibu will start to become collectable after the IROCs and the Foxbodys become too expensive and hard to find.
That is why I am never selling mine. I'll never afford one again.
It might be. I would keep looking. Maybe try a Olds 442 or Monte Carlo SS. That being said it can't hurt to ask him about it and post on thirdgen.org if it's worth buying.
I've had it for seven years. Never letting it go. My plans are a mild 350 swap next year. I'm keeping it TPI.
Kylo Ren used the Dragon Balls to wish her back. She spent the time in between 8 and 9 training with King Kai.
"No disintegrations" is one of the best introductions to a character of all time. It establishes a history between Vader and Fett, also establishes how dangerous of a man Fett is. He's a guy who is willing to kill to bring in his bounty, unless told other wise.
Fuck you Jonesy, tell your mom to scoop my shirt off her bedroom floor. She gives my nipples butterfly kisses.
Fuck you Riley, your mom sounds like my grand aunt when I pull a surprise visit. yeeeeoooowwww.
Fuck you Jonsey. Your mom cried because she left the lens cap on the camcorder last night. It's fucking amateur hour over there.
Fuck you Jonsey. Tell your mom to leave me alone. She's been laying in my waterbed since labor day.
Fuck you Jonesy, your mom keeps trying to stick her finger up my bum. I only let Reilly's mom do that you fuckin' loser.
C5 is my favorite generation of the Multiport era of Corvettes. The C4 isn't bad, the C6 is a little too gaudy for my taste but the C5 is sleek, low and I love the sound of the early LSX motors.
Vroom Vroom Vroom Vroom BANANA CAR! Vroom Vroom Vroom Vroom BANANA CAR! I got this feeling, it's so appealing
NO TOUCHING!
Like maybe there is an entire continent that has a majority Asian population? Do you think it could be possible?
They might for all I know.
I remember my parents telling me that in the Tri-state area movie theaters were load in the 70's, 80's and into the mid 90's. It was like going to a playoff baseball game. People riffed, cheered and made smart ass comments throughout the entire movie. My mom said the most fun she had at a movie was seeing T2 in the early 90s. Then in the mid 90s theaters got really strict with controlling noise and kicking people out so they got quiet like they are today.
And Avery goes right back into the penalty box.
I probably could currently, but I'm building a mild Chevy 350 to swap into my 1986 Camaro IROC Z. Full engine rebuild kit, machined crankshaft, mild cam and I am going to rebuild heads from the 305 and use my TPI system. It will be a whole new engine.
I have a feeling a three way war is going down. It will be between Psycho Dad, Mobster Joe and the other Mobster who's money it actually is. Jesse is going to get caught in the crossfire.
&gt; out of all the colors of drinks and she picked red. I read that in Humphrey Bogart's voice.
Rumor has it that she is related to Kit Duncan.
She's a hot girl... For you.
You'll Never Leave Harlan Alive is the shows true theme song.
Holy Shit Titus! I loved his show, I mostly started watching it for the cars but it was funny as hell. Dave was the best character.
I agree. I'm not a big country fan but I like that "folkish" "blue collarish" kind of country by Darrell Scott, Steve Earle, Townes Van Zandt, Johnny Cash, Ryan Bingham, etc. I like Dark Moody country. Of if I do listen to more upbeat country it's by Dwight Yoakam, Hank 3, Johnny Cash and a few others.
Erin was cute. This is probably my favorite episode. One because it features a funny car. Two because Dave is too fucking hilarious throughout the whole episode. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUJaUfyVSO8
During the Psycho Series, Jesse said he wanted to do a Breaking Bad skit. Uncle Larry was suppose to be Walter. I wonder if this is his Breaking Bad series instead. It also gives him a chance to explore the unused Mafia plot line from the Psycho Series.
I was 8 when it came out so too young to get it. When I worked in auto repair a bunch of guys recommended it to me and I fell in love with the show. Dave throughout the episode is just great. I love his Titus' Drag Racing song he keeps singing.
Seriously I hate these people. They claim to be for Android freedom yet still have a fucking housedroid. Fuckin' Karen!
This is very Marble Hornets like! The Ellipsis' in both the title and description, the dark house, Jeffery being by himself, the distorted and reversed audio. I was half expecting Masky or Hoodie to show up. Jeffery saying he is leaving more than once in the description is very Jay like from Marble Hornets. I also love the Banana Phone.
I'm not sure if Silent Hill is intentional or not but if you like this and the Silent Hill games checkout Marble Hornets. It's a YouTube horror series from 2009-2014. I think Jesse was a huge Marble Hornets fan and is included it as an influence in this series. Along with Breaking Bad.
They do now. But when they were first uploaded they struggled to get 100K. I remember everyone commenting on why the views were so low. Even a week after release many videos only had 87K views.
You don't think Jesse is the head story writer/director? I doubt Jeffery set up all the blood, the writing and did the post video effects by himself. This is all Jesse.
I remember a lot of them taking 2 weeks to get a lot of views. The views were down overall compared to TDI and his current series. His current series the videos reach 200K in a couple of days. I think part of it was MVE's format isn't YouTube algorithm friendly. His videos now reach views much faster and probably earn more money.
Han Solo: Speaking of climate change, it's about time Greedo makes a vest change. Am I right Ladies? Greedo sitting on chair: What? Han pulls out blaster and unloads on Greedo. Han: Who killed Greedo?
Him as Fire Marshal Bill and Ross Perot are his two best roles in In Living Color. His best movie is The Cable Guy.
The Home Boy Shopping Network was one of my favorite skits and Homey da Clown.
Car Craft Magazine has been my favorite magazine for years too.
GO JAGER! STRIKE LASER CLAW!
It may have only been in the Tri-State area. Seinfeld makes a lot of references to products and things from the NYC/Tri-state area.
They called him Broadway Joe for a reason.
That comment about Prequels fans not being real Star Wars fans reminds me of a web comic I saw a couple of years ago about how Prequel Memers aren't really Star Wars fans just people who like making memes and Sequel Memers are the true Star Wars fans. With the exception of a handful of very vocal sequel fans, in my experience it's usually the opposite.
NewsRadio knows the difference https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7iU2HFUXaU
I came look for the Newsradio reference.
I've probably seen all of Everymanhybrid right up to the ended video they released a few months ago and I still have no idea what happened. I like it, but I still have no idea what was going on. I'll have to check out Daisy Brown. I liked the West Record but I think they got too busy in their personal lives to continue the series.
It's true he looks much older than he did in the making of Hardwired video. I remember my dad being surprised that he was in his 50's because he looked like he was in his late 30s. I saw a live video of Carpe Diem Baby from 2011 and James would have been 48 but he looked 38. He's aged a lot in the last 2 years.
Maybe but I'm still convinced that Jesse is the George Lucas or Steven Spielberg of these series. While JT, Karen and Regenus are Irvin Kershner and Richard Marquand. I believe that Pickleboy and Boogie are more like Robert Zemeckis and Richard Donner. For the most part independent with Spielberg, I mean Jesse executive producing but Jesse steps in and co-directs to make the product better. I'm pretty convinced Jesse is a storyboard planner much like George Lucas and majority of the ideas are his.
NOW THIS IS A CLASSIC SEINFELD EPISODE! I love the George and Jerry plotlines the most.
You like the juice, huh?
"You like the Juice, huh?"
Everything from Black Sabbath to Metallica to Megadeth, Slayer, Anthrax, Annihilator, Testament, King Diamond, etc. and even AC/DC and Zeppelin. As well as Corrosion of Conformity and Pantera. But mostly 70s and 80s metal is what I am looking for.
I might just get both. I'm not worried about not owning a Rat though since they still mass produce them and I can get them off Amazon. I was wondering if this was one of those hidden gems.
I was going to say this. I've never played Warhammer but I've seen on Reddit, the old IMDB forums (RIP) and countless other websites that Even Horizon likely takes place in the Warhammer Universe and was likely written as a Warhammer fan-fic.
I'm ok with trading Pionk, but giving up that second 1st Round Pick is a mistake. Then again Trouba could be the defenseman we are looking for.
Did you turn all of the settings to 5 O'clock all the time?
That's the one.
I'm going to miss having fiction content to look forward too on YouTube but I understand. Creative content is really hard and tiring to make whether it's writing short stories, playing metal music or doing fictional videos on YouTube it's hard. It seems that most fictional channels such as EveryManHybrid (who finally ended the series), TribeTwelve, Marble Hornets and I'm sure Haunting of Sunshine Girl get burned out and have a hard time coming up with new fictional content. Marble Hornets ended their series and I'm sure burnout was one of the many reasons for the falling out of the big three. Noah from TribeTwelve disappears for years at a time. I think this is one of the reasons real life vlogging is so popular, it's easy. Hollywood has the advantage of large staffs of dozens to over 100 people working on each movie and show. These means that the workload is divided up and more people share the creativity burden. Jesse and most of the above mentioned YouTube channels are either 1 to 5 people or so. This means all of the burden is on them. Hopefully Jesse takes a much needed month off, recharges and comes back with something even better. I was enjoying the Mafia plot line but if time off is what he needs I hope he finds something even better. I was an Automotive Journalist for a few years and was burnout at 23 years old (the same year the Psycho Series went full time). I was laid off that fall. As a journalist you are never off the clock and are always except to have every article sound like Hemingway wrote it. It's tiring to have to spend hours research an article, finding pictures, writing the article, editing it and only to have to revise it three more times because the editor didn't think the sentence flowed well enough and didn't like your word choice. Take sometime off Jesse and come back even stronger.
I need to rewatch TribeTwelve. I don't even remember half the story, it's been too long.
This is my guess too. Jesse has been feeling burnout for a long time. I'm sure everyone else picked up on this. He does the cameraman competition, Corn wins, Corn becomes the cameraman again and I'm sure for the last few weeks Corn himself hasn't been feeling it and either has Jesse. Jesse agrees to take a break from YouTube and Corn decides to retire from the position. I think it's mutual this time.
It's still good but not as good as everything before it. Those several vlogs of Jesse in the Psycho Room are a little slow. I felt the farm arc was really strong and everything after it wasn't as good.
Do you want me to call you a cocksucker?
I'm only speculating here and I've been downvoted on this subreddit a lot for this, but I don't think Dom is a bad person just lacks professionalism. I think Jesse still likes the guy and still wants to be friends with him but Dom is probably stubborn and hard to work with. But Dom is still young (he's like what 20)? It annoys the shit out of me that so many people on this sub seem to "hate watch" Jesse and call him an asshole all the time.
Some other fictional series to checkout are Marble Hornets, The West Record, Lonelygirl15 (the original fictional YouTube series), DarkHarvest00, TribeTwelve, EveryManHybrid (Just ended), The Haunting of Sunshine Girl (I watched the first 6 seasons and seasons 3 though 5 are amazing. The biggest problem is she uploads so much content that she over saturated her own channel that it's hard to keep up. Her views have drop significantly because of it).
He blocked Swift and Uncle Larry on Twitter?
When did this happen? I'm not on Twitter so I don't pay attention.
I didn't expect to watch the whole thing and assumed it was going to be some crappy deathcore/metalcore act but was pleasently surprised to hear thrash metal and good original sounding thrash metal at that! The oldest of these kids must be 14 and they sound amazing! The eq and mixing is great for a live amateur band too!
Same. I really love the Hunt for Red October and Patriot Games movies. (Clear and Present Danger is decent). Compared to the movies, the Jack Ryan series was just good not great. It felt to much like a generic action movie and lacked the political thriller elements. I would love a Rainbow Six miniseries based off the novel or a Without Remorse movie.
It changed years a lot.
What did you smoke before you went to bed? I think I want some.
That's good then. I'm glad him and Corn are still good friends. Hopefully in a month or so they both comeback recharged and refreshed.
I'm old enough to remember when you could only play FFVII on PS1 or if you were rich, PC. Now it's coming out on guitars...
&gt; memory remains Memory Remains is great live. Sure it's not heavy but it's a fun simple song and sounds great with the crowds echo. That's why it (along with Fuel) are the only songs from Reload that have remained in regular rotation over the years. Reload was the first Metallica album I listened all the way through, so I'm probably nostalgic for it. Plus as a kid in the New York area, Memory Remains, Fuel, Nothing Else Matters and Enter Sandman were the most played Metallica songs on the radio.
It's my third favorite on the album behind Master and Sanitarium. Though I meet a lot of people that don't know it or don't remember it because they haven't listened to the entire album in 20+ years.
Carpe Diem Baby is another underrated favorite.
I had the opposite problem. I played Inline only for a long time. First several Ice stick and pucks I wore inline pants.
Not that day. Everyone else had normal Ice gear. At my rink 90% of people wear full ice gear for stick and puck. The other 10% wear either t-shirts and jeans or they wear the coaches gear.
I didn't care. Most people at stick and puck are cool. It was only when I played lower level beer league (though I owned Ice Pants and socks by this time) that I got shit on by my teammates for being a "roller hockey player." They refused to listen to my advice, especially when it came to playing defense. I progressed much quicker than they did and play in a higher league.
&gt; the riff seems too “jamming in a guitar shop” to me I guess that's why I love Four Horsemen and Kill' Em All so much, it sounds like 4 guys jamming in a guitar store or a garage. It's the album where you can hear Thrash's punk rock influences the most. I guess I like it because it sounds like music I could make. Plus Seek and Destroy is really fun to play along too. Kill 'Em All is probably my fourth favorite Metallica album with Ride, Black Album and Master out ranking it.
I have an Ibanez RG120 I got back in 2013 for $99 when they discountined the 120. It's a great beginner guitar much better than a cheap Squire Strat. It's a perfect bedroom guitar for classic hard rock and metal. I plan on upgrading the pickups, pots and the block in the fall.
I want an LTD Eclipse or an LTD Viper (I love the offset shape more than the original SG). I want to find a used LTD Eclipse SC-256 white and make a James Hetfield Clone for a fraction of the price.
&gt; Wonder what is in that note that fell tho It said "You are Lisa Simpson."
I felt this was a fitting end to a series. Since Jesse and co are burned out this is a good enough ending. Overall I enjoyed TDI Season 3. Was it Jesse's best work? No but It was still entertaining non the less. Made for YouTube fictional content is rare enough, made for Youtube fictional content that is great is even rarer! So I'm happy to have almost any series.
The Wicker Man by Iron Maiden plays during the fight.
SPLIT YOUR LUNGS WITH BLOOD AND THUNDER WHEN YOU SEE THE... OH rock of ages, do not cumble, love is breathing still.
I've seen clips of that league on YouTube. I always thought their skates looked funny. Interesting to see that Tour made them.
Troy Wagner of Marble Hornets fame.
RIP Bernie.
Do Do My Work DO MY DIRTY WORK SCAPE GOAT!
I'm pretty convinvced almost every Steven Spielberg Present's movie that Spielberg executive produced, he likely co-directed and overpowered the director. I'm sure Back to the Future, Steven was on set a bunch and probably co-directed some scenes. I remember reading a rumor with The Goonies that Spielberg directed the scene were you first see One Eyed Willies Ship.
&gt; Danny Devito film? Just saying The Gang Makes a Tarantino Film. 10:19 AM on a Tuesday.
I think it's less of Zemeckis needed Speilberg's help and more of Speilberg is executive producing/paying for/lending his name as a brand to this project so he is going to randomly visit set and see what's going on. By 1985 Speilberg had become a brand with a high standard of quality. Speilberg is a control freak and wanted to make sure every thing his name was attached to kept that quality. I'm sure Zemeckis directed 99% of BTTF but Speilberg likely did some 2nd Unit shoots and some co-directing leaning over Zemeckis' shoulder.
Big Dick Rick is still active?
"Single lovers traffic school, smokers traffic school, ice cream lovers traffic school. It seems like they got a traffic school for everyone."- Luanne.
The Gang Solves the Gasoline Crisis. It was the first episode I saw and to me it felt like a more over the top Seinfeld episode. It's like one big Kramer and Newman scheme.
&gt; I feel like Charlie Work is really Seinfeldy. It really is. I think it's because it's a very minimalistic episode.
It turns lesbian real quick.
Beagles love sun bathing. My late Beagle, she would roll around in the grass and she would plop down in the yard, laying in the sun and sniffing the air. Inside, if the sun was shining in through the backdoor or a window, she would lay there too. It was one of her hobbies.
So is Kirk now the lead singer of Megadeth?
Goddamn, this is one weird universe. Did the Cubs ever win the World Series?
&gt; Also the Some Kind of Monster documentary is even more heated because Kirk's not there So James and Lars are even meaner since they don't have to try and remain calm in front of their kid.
Da da da dun diddle un diddle un diddle uh da
The Abyss is such an underrated movie! I love it! The set pieces, the acting, the cinematography, it's an amazing movie. I think it's James Cameron's best besides Aliens and T2. I really have no answer to your question, I'm just happy to talk about The Abyss since it seems highly forgotten about.
I meet a ton of people who never even heard of The Abyss, or heard of it and never saw it. The movie still looks amazing today. The last time I watched it was about 2 years ago. I need to watch it again.
&gt; so Kaapo, how we feeling about this? Fucking excited for the future! I think he is going to be big!
He has issues with depression and anxiety but what bad thing has he done? Reddit hates on him all the time but no one can ever actually say what he did that was so bad.
A lot of that seems very circumstantial at best. Almost seems like a politicians smear campaign. Pickleboy "a known child abuser"? That guy probably thinks Psycho Dad is real and is a child abuser too. Boogie has depression issues no doubt about that but I don't think he is a bad person at all.
I find that weird too. I like Boogie but for whatever reason he has the most toxic "fan base" and most toxic haters.
I'm not a big death metal fan but I do love Death's Leprosy album. A friend gave it to me about 10 years ago. I wish I had the jewel case for it.
I love thrash metal, prog metal, speed metal and classic metal but I' not a big death metal fan. I like older death metal that still has it's thrash roots like Death and early Morbid Angel.
It was my first series. For years Gundam fans have shit on it but I think that's because they haven't watched it in years and have miss remembered details about the series. I rewatched it again as an adult and after the first 4 or so episodes it holds up really well. Endless Waltz is a great sequel too.
&gt; a princess Poor Quatre. He gets no respect.
&gt; It's like the original trilogy of star wars and the prequel trilogy. Say what now? Gundam Wing is far from the best but I still enjoyed it. I rewatched it in English. I like it much better than Seed &amp; 00. Maybe better than X (not saying X is bad but it's been 10 years or so since I've watched it. But I did like X when I watched it).
I'm pretty sure I've played this map on Medal of Honor: Allied Assault.
I'm guessing Brain: Heero Athlete: Wufei Basket Case: Duo Princess: Quatre Criminal: Trowa
Seems legit
Bane?
Would a cheap SSD be good just to get more life out of a Laptop? SanDisk 480GB SSD's sell for just over $60. I see a lot of people say buy Samsung only but what's wrong the SanDisk? I think I will just upgrade the harddrive and keep the Laptop for now and save for a better gaming rig a year or two from now.
Would a SanDisk SSD be ok just to get another year or two out of the laptop?
In my area the local Newspaper still seems really popular. Like the other guy said, if I can get $25-$50 for regular 500 word posts that would be awesome. Doing 5-10 of those a week would be great. I feel like getting some Bylines would be a great way to get my foot back in the door and I can pitch to better paying paper, magazines or blogs.
I think I will just buy a 480GB one for now and use that to get a few more years out of my laptop. I'll hold off on the gaming PC for now. I think I may just wait until I have more disposable income and build a desktop.
Holy crap Season 1. The Willy Nelson episode.
I hope Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Issac and Adam Driver all have great careers. All four of them are amazing actors and their talents were wasted by this trilogy. I love Triple Frontier for Oscar Issac alone. I say he was the strongest part of this trilogy even if Poe was a poorly written character.
I've been a member for over a year and the last few weeks I have not been able to access the forum.
No you guys are in your twenty's hanging out outside the Quickstop, working at records, crashing your friend's brother's Camaro, stopping Bank Robberies at convenience stores, fighting vampires, going back to 1955 to better your future.
Bravo Nolan.
Everyone else gets older and I stay the same age.
Frank probably made it to his early 80s but likely died of cancer sometime between age 65-80. Sue is probably still alive but not in the best shape.
I'm pretty sure it's a 56 Chevy Bel Air judging by the front bumper and headlights.
For you.
In the 80s and 90s he said he had 9 movies planned. There are old interviews of him and Mark Hamil talking about getting ready to film the next trilogy by the early 90s. I think after the back lash of the prequels and Harrison only wanting to get involved if he was killed off he started backtracking around 2005 or so saying there were only 6 movies. A lot of the talk of Lucas saying there are 9 movies is from only TV interviews and magazines from the 80s and 90s. Most aren't easy to access. Wikipedia has citation links. I love George Lucas but I feel his biggest flaw is his perfectionist syndrome. He changes his mind so much and can't keep anything consistent. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Wars_sequel_trilogy#Cancellation_period
Maybe that's close but I guarantee you if I said this in real life no one would get it or know what movie it's from versus say if I say "There's too many of them!" everyone would know its from Return of the Jedi. "That's not how the force works" has become a meme but not really a quote I here.
LOL well I guess that one is common among sequel fans.
That might be the biggest cop out of all time. JJ's crappy mystery boxes.
I think you could be on to something. I think the fact of the new lines not being delivered in a fun or an adventurous manor could be why they aren't quoted at all. Aliens is one of the most quotable movies of all time. Even though it's an action-horror movie most of the quotes are delivered in an adventurous way and can be used universally. The sequels lack those quotes as does Avatar.
It's more of a meme over a regular quote.
I wouldn't call them culturally significant at all. I have yet to hear anyone quote them in real life.
Kids did in the 2000s. We all said on rollercoasters or racing our bikes or playing Need for Speed Hot Pursuit 2 back in the day.
I think most of Aliens' quotable lines are kind of a payful-serious almost a gallows humor to them. "What do you want us to use? Harsh Language?" and "I like to keep this handy for close encounters." are two perfect examples. Since the Marines know everyone on the coloney is dead and they don't know what they are really up against but can't use the assualt rifles because the ammo will cause an explosion. So they are nervous but trying to maintain a good spirit by cracking off a few jokes. I think that's why "Never Tell me the Odds." works too from ESB. Han knows his a skilled pilot but he's got an entire Imperial fleet on his tail and an asteroid field. Plus the Falcon isn't fully repaired. So he's a little nervous but trying to stay calm.
Same with directing. He's a TV producer not a director.
That was me and my dad's first strike too. When we saw it in theaters we both looked at each other like "huh?" and everything felt off the rest of the movie.
LOL that could be the quote that prequetly describes the Sequel Trilogy's philosophy.
Maybe. While, most of my nieces and nephews have seen the new Star Wars movies I think they like them but they much prefer the MCU. They're friends are the same way. All of them have MCU t-shirts and toys. I don't think they own any Star Wars toys. I think kids are way more into the MCU over Star Wars.
&gt; Boyfriend? Cute boyfriend? I forgot about that line. That sounded really out of place.
OK. I've emailed them as well just to make sure. I may try while I am here and see what happens.
I haven't other than here where people use it to talk about what's wrong with the sequels. In real life almost everyone I know loves the sequels but none of them ever quote it.
No Return of the Jedi. https://youtu.be/f38a6pYL_jE?t=132
These rotations are getting ridiculous! Back in the day we only had 3 man rotations and pitchers pitched all 9 innings. Now its 5 man rotations and they only pitch 6!
Lemme guess, you need Tommy John surgery? Every since he went got the procedure done everyone and there brother needs Tommy John surgery. Did you here Walter Johnson complain about his elbow? What about Three Finger Brown? What about Satchel Paige? I didn't think so bud. Now get on that mound and throw nine innings!
I missed yours! Good to see someone else has similar insight.
7 didn't feel like Star Wars at all. It looked like Star Wars but it felt like a Marvel movie.
&gt; First point I’d like to make is “sounds like a marvel movie” is not objectively a bad thing. People liked that first line Yeah it is. Star Wars isn't suppose to sound like Marvel and have winks at the audience.
Go rewatch the OT. There are dozens of quotes from the OT. It's one of the most quoted movie series of all time. Along with Aliens, Predator and The Big Lebowski.
&gt; the likes of Gawker Weren't they basically a tabloid for the tech industry? I don't think their opinion matters for anything.
But it's not Star Wars humor, it's Marvel humor. The Humor of the Force Awakens is nothing like the OT or the PT.
I never read that crap. I'm glad Gawker is dead.
But there are cars in the picture /s
Really? What are the ideal hours then? I figured EST would be better than Central or the West Coast. Isn't EST a 12 hour difference so when it's 5:30pm in China it's 5:30am in the US? Is the UK preferred for this reason?
Man Ray.
I feel most of the characters of the Expanse are Chaotic-good, chaotic neutral or lawful neutral. Mao and Marco are the only true evil characters. My guess is that Holden is Chaotic Good, Naomi and Alex are Neutral Good, Amos bounces between chaotic-neutral and lawful-neutral. Miller starts as chaotic-neutral and evolves into chaotic good. Though ghost Miller is probably chaotic-neutral. Ashford is probably Chaotic Neutral Drummer and Fred Johnson are probably Lawful Neutral. Chrisjen is probably Chaotic-Good. Bobbie is Lawful Good. (At least seasons 2 and 3 Bobbie are).
Oh yeah. I forgot about that airlock blood stain. But yeah he is chaotic evil.
Mindhunter is a prequel to Justified. Mindhuniter is going to end with the FBI calling Holden and Bill out of retirement in 2015 to go to Harlen county. Here they will profile the greatest criminal master mind of the 21st Century. They will enter the Kentucky State Prison and the series will end with Boyd sitting at a table and he goes "The FBI, to what do I owe the pleasure?" And the show ends.
It's why I also think Jackie Brown is the best Tarantino movie.
Add The Friends of Eddie Coyle by George v. Higgins to that list. I know it's Raylans favorite book and I'm sure Elmore Leonard read it. It takes place in Boston and involves the Irish mafia. The story itself is simple but the characters and the writing really make the book feel alive. All the characters in the book feel like real people. Before Pulp Fiction this was the first story to show that criminals have personal lives. Also much like Justified 90% of the criminals are dumb.
&gt; Carla Gugino is great in it. She was my older woman crush growing up. lol.
That was LBJ. Nixon escalated the bombing of Vietnam in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
It would be awesome if Walton Goggins gets cast for Season 3 or 4 of Mindhunter.
Yep.
I've had several issues with taking the Yukon exam and not once has Appen support ever replied. They are frustrating the shit out of me.
Yes and I used the support ticket. Multiple support tickets. No response. The first time was last Wednesday.
Already did. Nothing.
Then why did they schedule an exam around New year's and offer no support when something doesn't work during the exam?
I just hope they let me take the exam again or let me take one for Arrow or another project.
It now only shows Arrow which is pending and it says "Your account is not yet active. Once you have fully qualified for at least one of the projects below, we will be able to work toward activating your account." It doesn't show or list any other projects.
I hope it gets finished pending soon. I've been trying to get hired by one of these companies for months and its been nothing but problems and no support responses. Before the Holidays I tried Lionbridge, I was approved to take the exam and they never gave me the exam access. Then they simply sent me an email saying they were no longer interested. I passed iSoftStone's exam and was simply ghosted. It's been four months. I want to work but dealing with these companies has been nothing but frustrating.
Wow. I love F is For Family never knew Burr was a fan. It's kind of weird knowing people are discovering AVA through other sources besides Blink 182. The Adventure is my all time favorite AVA song and one of my top 10 favorite songs.
This is my all time favorite Mastodon song! I love everything about it. The instrumentation, the lyrics, the time changes and how three of them sing. This when Mastodon evolved from Troy being the sole lead vocalist to Troy, Brian and Brent singing.
They have good songs still but I feel like Leviathan, Blood Mountain and Crack the Skye were peak Mastodon. I liked Once More Round the Sun a lot but it's a different sound.
I wonder if he will ever do Hit Somebody. That's the one I've been most excited for, for almost 10 years.
I want a new season of Everybody Loves Hypnotoad. It started to go down hill around season 3 but I think a revival could bring it back with new creative energy.
&gt; bad film (expect for that one with CIA) The Dark Knight rises is a masterpiece.
Well congratulations you slander the Dark Knight Rises, what's the next step of your master plan?
I managed to get one test since posting this thread. Now it's dead again. I keep getting a bunch on mobile but haven't qualified for any of them.
Skateboarding, collecting Hot Wheels cars/diecast and Legos.
Sports movies in general are less common then they use to be. I think what happened was Field of Dreams became such a huge hit in 1989 that in the early to mid 90s every film studio kept wanting to make tons of sports movies. This lead to everything from The Mighty Ducks to The Rookie of the Year to The Sandlot to Air Bud. I think in the 2000s they became less common and by the 2010s even less so. That being said the two Disney sports movies I've seen a million times are The Mighty Ducks and Miracle. I love both movies. The Mighty Ducks is a fun kids popcorn movie (I still love the first one as an adult) and Miracle is just a damn good movie.
I honestly have no idea. I have an H-Web Heart of the Hide I got a few years ago because it was on sale. I never really knew the differences between webbing styles. Surprisingly Googling it turns up few results on the benefits of different webbing.
It's been awhile since I've looked into different webbings but this was published in April. https://thebaseballguide.com/baseball-glove-webbing/
That was the silver age. The golden age was 1993-2001.
Hoosiers probably and Major League definitly. I think the Natural came too early and it has a very different tone. It's more of a fantasy epic with a baseball setting rather than a feel good sports movie. Same with Bull Durham, I love it but it has a very different tone than Field of Dreams, Major League and all the sports movies of the early 90s. Really Bull Durham is more about the baseball groupies than anything. It lacks that feel good tone.
RPD: You don't get to bring friends. Masketta Man: Don't worry no charge for them. RPD: And why would I want them? Masketta Man: They work for the Stars Member, the bearded man RPD: Barry? Masketta Man: Aye.
I guess I am a 30 year old boomer. I'm going to enjoy my skateboard and play San Andreas.
Let us know how it goes. Looks like the job has expired.
They remind me a bit of the Hammerheads from Space: Above and Beyond.
If you honestly think Swift acting immature was legit you're an idiot. That was part of his character. Jesse wrote Swift that. Swift left because he became a firefighter.
I'm at $30 for the week. I've had three tests that I qualified for. I've been getting a ton of screeners though. Few that I've actually qualified for.
Time Stand Still is probably my all time favorite Rush song. It came after their peak too. Though I think Time Stand Still has grown on most Rush fans and has become a crowd favorite.
My dad's favorite era of Rush is Permanent Waves through Hold Your Fire. It's probably mine to. I honestly don't know much after that and never really gave their 90s sound a listen. Mann's vocals are amazing. I always love them and sing along to the "Time Stand Still" part. Red Barchetta is my other all time favorite Rush song. More and more I feel that song is going to be true. Instead of a Ferrari Barchetta I have a Camaro IROC Z through.
Jesse and Swift said it like a dozen times.
I see you want to have mine.
Cheap Trick too. Have you ever really listened to the first verse of Surrender? It's about a mom telling his son his girlfriend is a slut and she has STDs.
I'm like that with Metallica. The Reload was the first Metallica era I remember. I remember Memory Remains was on the radio all the time. When I got to Middle School (St. Anger era), I ended up downloading all of ReLoad from Limewire and that along with the Black Album became special to me. I still remember the feelings when I heard Carpe Diem Baby, Fuel and Devil's Dance the first time. I think Master of Puppets has since become my favorite album but I still love both the Black Album and ReLoad.
If you want my comeback you can wipe it off your mom's teeth.
I don't remember the particular vids. But it was when Jesse was doing the camera man search (which Swift was a judge on) and Jesse ended up ending that series basically stating it wasn't very good creatively. But he said him and Corn are cool again just Corn doesn't feel being a Cameraman is right for him and Swift's heart was in firefighting (which is the entire reason they started the cameraman search series in the first place). But this entire subreddit is too dumb to tell truth from fiction and kept thinking Swift was actually stealing Angry Grandpa's car or Swift was the one ending the videos when the video style changed not Jesse's direction.
You're mom thought so. She said in the bed that your dad is a lame guy and that having sex with him is just like watching paint dry.
Nah man, I'm just [Smanging.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xt5ghXdq6Z0)
It's amazing! I've always had weird fantasies about living in a future where self driving cars have taken over and old ICE cars are mostly museum peaces. In the country guys brew ethanol so they can drive their old muscle cars and sports cars and run from the police for the hell of it. I guess Neil had similar fantasies when he was younger.
A woman who likes Rush and Let's you use Rush as a wedding song?
51
THERE IS NO EASTER BUNNY! OVER THERE IS JUST A GUY IN A SUIT!
Not as good as the one in Team America: World Police.
Yeah Fort Minor wasn't a thing until 2004. Hell, Linkin Park was barely a thing when Rugrats in Paris came out. They were a thing but not as huge as they would be in the next few years.
Gotcha. When I replay it, I'll have to see how bad everything is. I remember loving though. I love how challenging Driver 1 is, I still haven't beat it. I remember 2 was really hard as a kid and never beat it either. I've only beaten SF.
That's annoying. I guess I'll have to delete my Payoneer account and make a new one.
I've been doing a rewatch the last couple of days because of the Nick Rewind video. Some hidden Gems, Guitar (where Drake wins the autographed car and tickets to see Zero Gravity and Josh destroys his guitar), The Drake and Josh Inn (where they turn their house into a Bed and Breakfast), Helen's Surgery (That is not my job!) and Drake and Josh Go Hollywood (perfectly captures the end of the early 2000s. The movie has a good vibe to it that makes me feel 13 again).
I'm watching it right now. I forgot how good this episode was!
I'm being held captive by two German nerds! USA! USA! USA!
Looking back at the show, Season 3 might be my favorite season. I think it has most of the classic episodes.
That's what I'm going to do. I just likely have to delete my current Payoneer account first. I've had my Payoneer account before Textbroker even switched.
I'm loving the original Driver. Like you I think it's the atmosphere and the atmosphere of the cities that make the game. It really captures the tone of Bullitt and The French Connection. Tanner's hotel rooms remind me of the hotel room the police hide Ross in.
How many of these did this guy make? I seen one from circa 1988-1989. And I know the most famous one was from circa 1998 or so. I know there are two versions of that one. One that is the straight forward abduction video and the other with "experts" commenting on the video.
&gt; From Russia With Love I think From Russia With Love is the best classic Bond. I prefer it to Dr. No and Goldfinger. It's probably my second favorite behind Casino Royale.
See No Evil, Hear No Evil (1989)- So in this movie Gene Wilder is deaf and Richard Pryor is blind. They are the only witnesses to a murder. It's so stupid it's hilarious! It's like an In Living Color skit before In Living Color was even a thing!
I was ghosted by ISoftstone and still haven't heard back. I'm hoping Lionbridge works out this time.
I forgot about the Bet! That's definitely a classic episode. The trial with the car is great too!
YES! Their friend's El Camino. I love how the whole episode is just them standing by the broken down car at night.
Wait, Drake is only 32 and has a 13 year old? He had a kid at 19? I would prefer a reunion movie were Drake is a struggling rock star due to the decline of rock music and Josh works as a talent agent. Perhaps Josh and Mindy are married but Drake isn't. Maybe Drake and Josh had another failing out prior to the movie and Drake realizes he needs Josh again and Josh helps him start a new career as a talent agent/promoter. They end up going into business together.
In my opinion I rank Justified's seasons: 4 2 3 6 1 5
There was a Cousin Skeeter and Kenan and Kel crossover where they meet up in Arizona on vacation and end up on a treasure hunt. I don't remember super well but I know they had a crossover.
&gt; Carly ends up pregnant, explaining why she doesn’t appear after “The Storm”, and this scared Drake, also explaining why he broke up with the girl he actually likes. Wait, when did this happen?
Mags makes the season for me. Edit: Does this subreddit not like Mags? I thought she was one of the best villains.
Oh ok. I just saw that she never appeared again because they were 17-18 years old and it was just puppy love. They outgrew each other and moved on.
Do you like Huey Lewis and the News?
I love the season premier too, with the bounty hunting gone wrong. I use "Every here the saying, you run into an asshole in the morning, you ran into an asshole. You run into assholes all day, you're the asshole?" all the time.
&gt; Paging Dr drake I love how he just jumps out of the window at the end.
Are you Hitler? No I am not Hitler!
"OH, COME ON!" That was my reaction as an American.
Days of Thunder. Need for Speed. Hackers. The Boondock Saints. Killer Clowns from Outer Space.
I like sleeping... I like nintendo... I like sleeping
NOW THIS IS POD RACING!
YOU TELL 'EM STEVE DAVE!
I think the problem was the movie had a different tone than the original trailer. The original concept trailer had camp but the movie looked like it would either be played straight or the self awareness would be subtle. More like a Big Trouble in Little China or Tango and Cash. The final product was super over the top and fully blown parody. Complete with over acting. This was the original trailer released in 2008 or so. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lJAw_BtM2g
Where do you find these kinds of articles?
He's not trapped in a space station and forced to watch bad movies.
Ok I will keep trying. I pitch a lot but lately it's either but they are interested but can't run the article due to budget, or they want me to write for free. Even well known websites. They simply offer having a byline.
I booked a bunch of the priority hours. I hope that helps.
I've heard it both ways.
They never respond to emails though. Which is the annoying part.
Lionbridge does this a lot. It's really a crappy shoot with these companies. I myself still haven't gotten hired.
Plus the six previous Star Wars movies were known for their strong attention to detail. Attention to detail does matter in a product like Star Wars. It's like Van Halen and the M&amp;M's.
WTF? I laughed way to hard at this.
God, I laughed way to hard at this too!
Same. I'm not super active on Twitter but I want to see.
"Now youse can't leave!"
Jesus man, even I knew what you were getting at.
Some how everyone (myself included) sees Jay &amp; Silent Bob Strike Back first. I have no idea how or why that is. Maybe it's because it's the most mainstream movie in the ViewAskewniverse? It very much feels like a late 90s early 2000s vulgar comedy. The cinematography, the way the scenes play out, the humor, etc. It feels similar to American Pie, Dude Where's My Car, Joe Dirt, etc. I saw Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back around circa 2008 or so. I saw Clerks two years later. Clerks is my personal favorite of the universe. It feels very different from the rest of the movies. It feels like a very thoughful and almost deep (in a r/im23andthisisdeep kind of way). Compared to his other movies are just straight comedies. Though I feel Mallrats actually has the second best message behind Clerks. In my personal order I rank them: Clerks, Mallrats, Jay &amp; Silent Bob, Dogma, Clerks 2 and Chasing Amy. I haven't seen Reboot.
But didn't Tim Richmond do the same thing in the 80s? Didn't Richmond come from money and his parents helped fund his racing at first? Was he hated? I know he is loved today.
&gt; xfinty I still think of it as the Busch series in my head and the Cup is the Winston Cup.
I'm from New Jersey, I moved to Florida years ago. When I do meet NASCAR fans that would always talk about how Jeff Gordon was a Yankee driver with money and didn't work hard. That's one of the things that bothers me about NASCAR versus NHRA. A lot of gatekeeping fans in NASCAR as where drag racing has drivers from everywhere and always has.
&gt; I always thought that Cope was somebody that nobody paid all that much attention to. I know he wasn't a big name but I wonder if beating Dale on the last lap of the Daytona 500 ever brought him any hate.
Because then he can't say "I'm dropping the hammer!" and let us hear that roar of that V-8.
Despite it's flaws, I still love Days of Thunder. It's my favorite roll from Robert Duvall.
&gt; Local track on Long Island shut down Is the Stock Car track still out there or is that long gone now too? I always wanted to go out there and watch a race. I never made it out to Long Island (too many Mets and Islanders fans for my taste) but E-Town was amazing. I'm sad E-Town is gone. I never got to Race Jr. Dragster and have never been an official NHRA member so I am not sure. It's a cool piece of NHRA memorabilia though.
I think going back to 18-19 races like the 90s is a better idea.
I hate playoff formats for motorsports. Honestly it hasn't made the racing more exciting at all. If anything people are more likely to play it save now for fear of missing the playoffs. That's why half track burnouts and most staging duels have disappeared. Especially in the fuel cars.
This is the first time I've heard the 2000 theory. I always assume that Justified just took place in the 2010s. I do remember hearing a theory or something that only a couple of years pass from "Fire in the Hole" to the finale.
Damn. That San Diego conflict was brutal.
&gt; The Gwynn Yankees scheme was nice also, not a Yankees fan but it was a nice scheme. I'm a huge Yankees fan. I remember back in circa 2001? I saw a diecast of it at a baseball card store in Jersey. I wanted it but my dad said it was too expensive. It was probably an Action Racing. If I recall correctly Mike Dunn drove the Yankees car right? I need to get a few
I also really love Kenji Okzaki's Mooneyes cars. One of my first diecast was one of his. Him and Jim Dunn had a great team. I wonder what happened to Kenji?
Why does this even exist?
There is also Engine Applications 400 and 451 as supplemental courses.
*golf claps* Me too.
Don't you know the story behind it's production? Oliver Stone wanted to film Platoon 2 but Charlie Sheen kept watching Rear Window and The Day of the Jackal while high, and became super obsessed with spying/sniping his neighbors. So he brought an air rifle. Eventually, Stone rage quit and Emilio took over directing. He made some plot tweaks to film the movie around Charlie's new weird hobbies. Emilio kept wanting to do the returning from Vietnam angle, but Charlie just wasn't getting it.
Fuckin' Ocean County man. Former mobsters, chain link fences, old pickup trucks and camaros. How I miss it.
It's Ocean County, NJ. It's a huge working class county. Mostly working class Italian and Irish-Americans. Not surprising that his parents support Trump.
Adam Jensen!
I wonder if its because of all of the Northerners that move there?
I'm even sadder that I never got to see them live.
With the Walking Dead I like Seasons 1-5 but I've noticed something. With the exception of Season 2, the first half of the seasons are much better than the second. Season 1: Only 6 or so episodes. All great. Season 2 A: The exception. Still good but I enjoyed it more the second time when I binged watched on netflix versus watching it on AMC the first time. Season 2B: GREAT! Honestly may be my favorite Walking Dead season. Season 3A: Great start with taking the prison and introducing the Governor. Season 3B: Good but lots of annoying filler and dragged out plot lines. Season 4A; Great. Disease is and food storage make excellent plot points and a great second enemy aside from Walkers. Also the Showdown with the Governor is probably my all time favorite episode. Season 4B: Decent but lots of filler. The episode with Daryl and the Claimers was probably the best of the lot. The episode with him and Beth is the worst. Season 5A: AMAZING. Aside from Season 2B this might be my favorite arc of the Walking Dead. Rick and Co were at their peak. They communicated well, they were skillful and they took down the termiates with ease. It showed that our gang had evolved and became true survivors. Please "tainted meat!" Is probably one of my all time favorite quotes. Season 5B: Everything I just said about our gang was undone. They start making dumb decisions and stop communicating with eachother. Personally I feel the show should have ended with them reaching Alexandra. Season 6A: This is when the Wallking Dead hid under the dumbster, I mean jumped the shark.
That's were the real money of the movie is made, the merchandise. Jurassic Park the T-shirt Jurassic Park the Lunchbox Jurassic Park the Doll Jurassic Park the sniper rifle!- Kids love that one.
Here take two of these.
Mercedes, Audi and Triumph. Not gonna lie I wanted a Triumph after that movie.
It's the choice of a new generation!
It's like people only do things because they get paid. And that's just really sad.
Cry Baby Lane
He checked out.
&gt; Ethel Merman The only reason I know that name: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmZdqsCW8vM
It's weird because I feel like Millennials and Gen Xers now say that when we were kids we had a ton of toys compared to kids these days: Legos, Hot Wheels, Action Figures, etc. On top of Video Games. Kids now just have Tablets and Video Games. All of my nephews and neices don't have a ton of toys but all of them have iPhones and iPads. The oldest is 13.
Damn. Rents have been super high since the mid 2000s. They never came back down with the recession. Instead they went up while wages have stayed low. I don't even live in a major city but cheapest rents here around $800 a month. You would only have $200 left over a year. It's almost as if we are going back to the pre 1950s in terms of standard of living. Expenses are high and the dollar doesn't stretch very far.
My dad was born in 65 and he was the first in his family to go to college. My mom never went. My dad's older brothers never went either. The kicker? My dad's older brothers make more money then he does.
Same. I know the original on Laserdisc are the best along with older pre 1997 VHS tapes.
I need to rewatch D3 again. I rewatch 1 every few years, two didn't age well in my opinion. I remember not liking D3 much as a kid but I am told its better as an adult.
I always found it funny that in the Mighty Ducks universe Iceland is a hockey hot bed. I don't think anyone from Iceland has ever played in the NHL. It should have been Sweden or Finland as the rivals.
Fuck you Shoresy!
I know right. I can't think of a single film or series where they are the bad guys.
Do they still accept College students? I've applied twice with people's referall links but was rejected both times.
When I was a kid I use to watch D2 the most. As an adult D1 seems like a great kids sports movie, D2's tone is completely different and way more over the top. The dialogue isn't as strong either. Also the roller hockey scene bothers me. They are wearing bicycle helmets and using skates with brakes.
When I first rewatched D1 as an adult I was surprised how well it held up. I wasn't expecting it too. I was surprised how mature the writing was and how good the dialogue actually was. It never talked down to you. The nostalgic part of me loves how in a lot of 90s movies how all of the kids have that "smart ass" attitude. I miss that. D2 throw all of that out the window and added cartoon sound effects. I need to see D3 again. I remember being bored by it as a kid and only watching it a few times. I think you are right, I don't think the cast had as strong of chemistry.
I know New York is mostly the Bodines, I'm sure Ohio was mostly Tim Richmond but I wonder who New Jersey is.
I think it's mostly the Bodines. New York has a large Modified Racing Heritage. As does most of the North East actually. What are you racing?
I think we are better at Modifieds than we are with full body cars.
I wonder if it has to do with NHRA and USAC being more popular. I know for most of the 20th Century the West Coast was NHRA terrority while the west and mid west was USAC's stomping grounds. I think CART's Split from USAC and CART becoming more road racing focused caused a wave of drivers such as Tony Stewart to pursue NASCAR (though he drove Indy Racing League if I recall correctly).
&gt; Stock Cars aren't really the big motor sports around here. I know for most of the 20th Century Drag Racing was huge in the Tristate Area. So many fast door slammer cars. Frank Iaconio and Joe Amato are from the Tri-State area.
Sadly E-Town is gone. The owners closed it down and they are planning on building a concert venue/car auction place. I'm from Ocean County, NJ. I like both drag racing and NASCAR but prefer drag racing. Most people I know if they followed any motorsport it's the NHRA. It seems common in any working class neighborhood in the NYC metro you know at least one guy who has a muscle car in his garage that he drag races on weekends. It's kind of an area tradition. Have you ever seen this wheel stand? https://youtu.be/SLwZgMkiIXw?t=290
I don't know if the Blues Brothers is underrated. Drake covering Soul Man is one of the most iconic moments of the show. Paging Dr. Drake is an underrated gem though. I love how he just jumps out the window when he is caught.
I don't drink either but I want a Rusty Action Racing Diecast for his Midnight Car. All the ones I have are Racing Champions that just have the Ford Logo on the Hood. I want one that Says Miller Genuine Draft. The only Action Racing NASCAR I have is Dale Sr. I have a handful of NHRA Action racing diecasts.
I love the old Interstate Batteries Paint Schemes. My personal favorite is the 1998 Interstate Batteries and Hot Rod Magazine tribute scheme that added flames.
I don't mind it. I've been on a Knight Rider kick lately, so I guess I find it kind of funny. Jesse thinks his Tesla is KITT but it doesn't have that technology.
Jesse wishes his Tesla can do this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaLaY3tTf4I
Also join Hotrodders.com, Yellowbullet.com and Bangshift.com. The last two are drag racing oriented but full of muscle car and engine knowledge. If you do purchase a car, join the forum of the car you purchase.
Halo?
Brian Leetch!
Look for a Mercury Capri. It's a Mercury badged Mustang. Usually they are slightly cheaper. At least a few years ago they were. ALSO ONLY BUY A V-8! Do not buy a V-6 or 4-Cylinder and plan to swap it later. Just buy a V-8.
What was the test like? How did it compare to the practice tests?
I love it!
OH ok. I was wondering how close the practice tests were to the real thing. No offense but I see a lot of posts on here about people studying for a month straight only to end up with Pilot scores in the 30s through 70s. It seems scores of 50 across the board are most common. My recruiter had no idea there were even practice tests for the AFOQT and he says a good portion of people he sent to take it failed.
He takes down Hans and co with home made explosives and his swiss army knife. He also narrates everything he is doing the entire movie. "RPGs are very deadly. To stop them, take some C-4, a couple of office chairs and throw them down an elevator shaft. You have the perfect anti-personal weapon."
I remember in the 90s and 2000s, and the 80s (wasn't alive yet) it seemed like baseball and hockey had a huge crossover. A lot of players played both sports. A lot of fans loved both sports now. Now it seems everyone just plays one sport and follows one sport. Baseball is actually my favorite sport ahead of hockey. It annoys me when the media is now trying to divide sports fandoms.
That is weird. I'm guessing these are DVD? (I believe only Season 1 is on Blu Ray). Maybe the original complete 6th Season is an early 2000s release with older style discs that had less memory so the episodes are on more discs compared to Checkpoint? I know people that have some DVD releases of TV shows from the mid 2000s and it wasn't uncommon for 20 episodes to be on 4 to 7 discs. I know the first Simpsons DVD releases were like that. Then the second DVD releases had less discs and I believe Blu Ray has 1 to 3 discs. Even some early Blu Ray releases have shows on a lot of discs. I have Band of Brothers from circa 2011 (the set may be a few years older) and the 10 episodes are on 5 discs plus 1 disc with interviews/special features and stuff.
Harry's Will is one of my favorite episodes. Classic cars and hockey!
I guess everyone downvoting you has never seen The Other Guys.
I got to ask, why did you get married at 18? I'm assuming you went to Vietnam after?
You're a Korean War Veteran?
I'm 28m, and from a small central NJ town. Baseball is likely religion in small town NJ. My parents were never bad but I do remember plenty of other parents/coaches that took it way too seriously. Lots of yelling and parents fighting. Roller hockey was a lot calmer. Smaller crowd though probably had something to do with it. BMX racing was super calm/quiet. Though I was only able to do that for very short time and not until was 16. I'm glad I never played travel baseball. I've heard a ton of horror stories and it sounds like it's gotten worse over the years. r/baseball had a thread on it this morning.
I loved it! Most of New Jersey is really nice, full of small charming towns, colonial and 1950s style homes, Gas Stations full of Camaros, Trans Ams and Mustangs, diners, amazing breakfast foods, bagels, pizza, boardwalks, gardens, fresh berries, the sweetest corn in the US (suck it Iowa) and great beaches. It's just Northeast Jersey outside of NYC and Camden in the Southwest that give Jersey a bad rep. People assume the entire state is like Camden or Newark.
In my Camaro IROC Z? Eat my dust you Nazi bastards!
Sometimes I play the MacGyver theme while I work on my car.
Most of the Sunbelt Cities in my opinion. Tampa is a huge offender. It never felt like a city to me. Just a collection of subdivisions and plazas.
The entire Tampa Bay area.
Out on the road today I saw a Deadhead sticker on a chopper A little voice inside my head said don't look back, you can never look back. I love the gas tank, stance and the jockey shifter!
Interesting. I have a vision in my head for a Black Sabbath:Master of Reality themed bike. The entire bike is black and purple with Master of Reality on the gas tank in the font just like the album. I want to use a vintage 70s Bonneville for that vision. My first chop will probably be an Evo in a Paughco frame with some kit parts.
Aside from the Monk's, Appleseed has to play a role as a bender/guru.
That's tough. I guess he has to be? Connie is Katara. John Redcorn is Avatar Roku Boomhauer is Bumi I guess Kahn is Ozai?
Just seeing an AVA CD again brings me back to 2007 when a buddy of mine let me borrow his copy of this album along with Blink 182 Untitled and Take off Your Pants to rip them on to my iPod.
Iroh works for Boomhauer? Reenactor? Like Civil War or Revolutionary? No. I'm just a huge New York Rangers fan.
MMA fighter.
I love the Death Star and Taco Bell the best.
Ask Yellowbullet or ask Uncle Tony's Garage. There is actually a huge debate over whether or not rear engine or front engine is overall better for drag racing. 99.9% of all doorslammers, funny cars, altereds and other drag cars are all front engined. Pro Mod cars are all chassis built cars that are made to resemble street cars and all of them are all front engined. Jim Dunn did experiment with a rear engine Funny Car in the 70s but had little success and switched back to front engine. As for why this is? I'm not sure. I think Front engine cars may be better for weight transfer/stability (unless the chassis is really long like a Top Fuel dragster) and that's why they dominate. That's why very few Ferrari's, Lambos, Porsches, NSXs, MR2s, etc are used as drag cars.
What kind of car do you have set up for drag racing?
That is a unique car for drag racing. Usually most of them are at the road course. I have seen a few S2000s drag race though. What are some mods you had to do to get it drag race ready? I'm guessing a lot of suspension work?
We should start calling Mika spoonman.
Mika is looking California but feeling Minnesota
I guess I always associated hockey with the fall. While everyone else is watching Football, I always got excited for hockey in the fall. I would hate it changing its season to become a late winter/spring and summer sport.
That's one of the reasons why I feel they should just cancel the playoffs. Because either they have to make next season a short season to get things back to normal or hockey will forever be a spring/summer sport. That's why I think it's easier to just cancel the season now and it will leave everything normal in the long term. I get it, 2020 has been a crazy year. People want hockey back but no one has considered the long term.
But if next season starts around Christmas, it has to be a short season to get things back to normal. Wouldn't it be easier just to cancel the playoffs now and start in October?
I completely forgot he was a Ranger and recently too.
I'm not surprised. I could see them doing something like that. I would prefer the October to May/June but I guess that's the new way.
While the NHL coming back will bring them a huge boost in popularity, I can't ever see the NHL jumping MLB in terms of popularity in the US. The only way that will happen is if climate change causes a deep freeze and the lower midwest and upper south get longer winters with more snow. The only sport I can see surpassing the MLB is the NBA and if the NBA does play January-August it will. Honestly, I think the NHL waiting until fall and letting the NBA comeback now might be the smarter move. Then NHL will only share Fall with the NFL and have Winter to itself.
T-56s are great transmissions! I wanted one for my Camaro but it was cheaper just to have my 700R4 rebuilt. My Camaro is a 14 second car on a good day. When it's finished it will probably just be a 12 second street car. Also a grudge car. Sounds like you have a great project going. What times do you run?
The Cleetus McFarland YouTube Channel
Wow a BMW drag car. Now that's rare.
Nice! I remember maybe 10 years ago a guy built an E46 drag car. That was a rarity at the drag strip.
I have a 1986 Camaro IROC Z. I want to get a 1968 or a 69 GTO and make that a X275 tire/no prep car in the future. When I have more income. Or a 1970 Challenger R/T.
What part of Jersey are you from? I lived in Ocean County for years and we always had a short spring. Summer does suck but I will take a New Jersey summer over 9 months of Florida summer. The humidity, heat and bugs are worse here.
The Toddlers were my favorite part. You think when they first enter the grow house, when the old big British guys come out that they are a bunch of dumb punk kids about to get their asses handed to them by old school british tough guys. Turns out they are trained MMA fighters. Then in a couple of hours they kick ass, steal a ton of bush and make a rap video and it goes viral.
Same. You miss the roots blowers sticking out of the hood. So do I. In the early 2000s they were still super common. Now other than Pro Mod everyone uses turbos or centrifugal supercharger. More efficient but not as cool looking.
I forgot all about the SRT4. They were common in the mid 2000s too. Them and the Supercharged Cobalts.
The Chevy Berettas looked good as a pro stock car back in the day. I know Bruce Allen's is the most famous example. Same, I own a 3rd Gen Camaro is mostly stock TPI save for a full Hooker exhaust. It seems 3rd Gens go one of three ways these days 1. Stock restoration 2. Autocross 3. If they are a drag car they have a carbed engine swapped into in place of the stock FI. It's weird because Foxbody Mustangs and 4th Gen F-Bodies are really common. As are 1st and 2nd Gen F-bodies.
Username checks out.
Those are great too and so is Hot Rod (1979) and the King of the Road episode of Tales From the Crypt but to me the sound (well it is Lucas so that's unfair) and the anticipation leading up to this race is what makes this great. Just hearing both the 55 Chevy and the piss yellow 32 Ford cackle for a good minute makes it great. That combined with the cinematography. This seen has a tension in the air unlike any other and that's why I love it.
Same. I'm glad heads up racing is having a comeback. It's kind of like the 50s to 70s again. Long before my time but a time I always enjoyed reading about.
Its funny watching Pro Stock races from the late 70s when all the cars were Pintos and Chevy Vegas.
Please do!
It's been forever since I've seen Hollywood Knights. I love how all of the cars have nicknames.
I attempted to watch it once. It looked like a guy filmed his VHS copy with his phone. It was on YouTube. I've tried finding a copy just for the hell of it but never found it. Deuce Coupe is a great movie that takes place in the 50s. It's on YouTube.
Nice Chevelle man! What transmission and rear end?
Two Lane Blacktop is arguable the greatest drag racing movie of all time but it doesn't have a single scene that's as good as this one. The event they enter in (Tennessee, I believe) and the race against the Corvette is good but it doesn't match this single scene.
Interesting a 383 stroker? Was the car a shell when you purchased it? What gears in the 10 bolt? 3.73? My IROC is one of the few rare factory 3.70 rear end cars. Most of them were 3.23 or 2.77.
Would 16 also be a reference to Rick Middleton?
He fucking throws an Ocelot in that guys face. That had me cracking up.
That makes sense then. I had to check to years.
Yep. I forgot about that one.
I guess it could be but Family Matters didn't premier until 1989 and that's firmly a 90s show. I figured Bruce Again had to be a parody of a 70s show or shows.
I'm a 90s/early 2000s kid I remember the later seasons of Family Matters and seeing reruns on ABC Family in the early 2000s. I remember a lot of us kids just called it the Urkel show.
Dr. Grant - William Holden Ellie - Angie Dickinson Malcolm - Paul Newman John Hammond - Orson Welles Arnold- Sidney Poitier Muldoon - Robert Shaw Nedry - Bruce Dern As for Lex and Tim - Karen Dotrice and Ron Howard.
I think it's a mix of the Harlem Globe Trotters with a bit of Scooby Doo.
The Judge is too hot for most to handle.
You have to have a sports cameo in a Sandler movie. So the real Chuck Finley shows up briefly at like a bar or something when someone calls for Terry Crews' character's name and they both turn around and say "yeah?" But Bruce Campbell can't be in it because he would boost the rating too much.
Enlisted? BMT? San Antonio? Isn't this the OTS subreddit?
Does your phone have bluetooth?
Personally, I worked my ass off in school, I've worked my ass off taking flying lessons and I'm studying my ass off for the AFOQT. After lockdown ends, I am going to apply to every Guard and Reserve unit in the country and I will get a pilot slot. Just like the other few thousand people before me who have done the same. You work hard in life, you don't take no for an answer, you get a pilot slot. So far this subreddit has proved unhelpful. You even have guys on here telling people to enlist and got to BMT. I'm thinking of just sticking with Bogidope, it costs money but the people there are more positive.
I would love a Lego MacGyver in the style of the Lego Movie.
Dude in the Air National Guard you literally only apply for a pilot slot. You either get a pilot slot or you are not hired. You have to apply for each job individually. I already said in my last few posts I'm cool with flying anything, as long as I am flying. And yes before you said anything else. I'm well aware that most days even as a pilot I don't fly. But only pilots still get to fly? The only jobs I'm applying for a guard unit pilot jobs. If an F-16 unit hires me great, if a C-130 unit hires me great, if an A-10 unit hires me great. That's how the Air National Guard/Air Force reserve works. If I don't get hired by them I will apply to active duty. Plus why are you asking this when the post you literally replied to before, I mentioned speaking with C-130 and KC-135 drivers. If I don't get a pilot slot from active duty, then I will be a warrant officer in the Army. If not I'll be an Armor Officer in the Army National Guard. Before you come up with another rebuttle about how what if something comes up that I can't serve at all. I'll either try to become a firefighter or go back to turning wrenches for a living. Also I never said you told me to enlist. If you read other threads on this forum you will see other people tell OP to enlist first instead or take a non-flying job instead. There was a thread recently where a guy with an engineering degree said he choose a pilot slot over being an Air Force engineer and people downvoted him and told him he should have taken the engineering job. Also the other people in this thread before you got here are claiming that majority of pilots in the Air Force hate being pilots. The other main poster in here is trying to claim that majority want to relcass to non-flying jobs in the Air Force. Who knows maybe a few do? But I doubt it's the majority. Also if you are a Navy pilot (I thought they were Aviators?) why are you here? I'm not trying to be mean but you seem really suspicious replying to a month old thread in an Air Force subreddit. If you are a Naval Aviator in your experience do majority hate being pilots and wish to reclass to other non-flying jobs like Surface Warfare or something as the other poster claims? I've never spoken with any Naval Aviators only Air Force pilots, Army pilots and Coast Guard pilots. So I don't know what the Navy is like. But from the Air Force Pilots I've talked too (Both Fighter and Heavies, in the post that you originally replied too), as well as plenty of Blackhawk Drivers in the Army and a C-130 driver in the Coast Guard all of them love being pilots and wouldn't reclass to any other job. All of them have given me the same advice, don't take no for an answer.
I'm not big into Top Sportsman racing but that is a nice looking car!
I get that, my local track is similar. I like Super Stock. I'm just not into most of the lower classes. I think it's because most of them are index classes and at times just seem like bracket racing. I think that's why a lot of fans watch the pro stuff but then love Pro Mod, Heads Up Madness and No-Prep events. My track is kind of behind the times. They do Pro Mods once a year but are mostly Index and Bracket classes. I think Top Alcohol are the fastest too at my local track. I wish they did No-prep events.
Same. Here we have a few demo pro mod cars that will do 1/8th mile sometimes and a couple of burnout cars but usually most of the events are local Index events. The Stick Shift Super Stock cars are the most fun to watch out of all them. It still looks like real racing. Super Street was fun 10 to 15 years ago when it started as a budget heads up class but then money came in and all the cars now have delay boxes and throttle stops just like everything else. Now it's a 10.90 bracket class. I wish the NHRA and IHRA would go back to the racing of the 70s and early 80s where they used delayed starts, stricter weight regulations and stricter displacement regulations rather than indexes to make it even. But I think indexes make qualifying and inspection easier.
&gt; Listen to new music like I’m teen Is this really immature though? While my dad is in his late 50s and mostly listens to 70s rock, he does occasionally still like new music. I got him addicted to The Gaslight Anthem. I myself am almost 30 and still love new music. Mostly rock and underground hiphop.
I wish more people were still Auto DIY. I'm kind of the defacto handy man in my area and among my friends group. My parents aren't very DIY oriented either and I've learned 90% of what I know from YouTube and a little bit of time working as a Lube Tech.
I'm guessing it's not The Gaslight Anthem, The Foo Fighters or Fu Manchu?
Damn. She got you into Taylor Swift...
I'm sorry. I really am. What did she play though?
How did you start the fire?
Gotcha. I like lots of classic hip-hop and underground hip-hop but not hardcore gangster rap. I guess Biggie was about as gangster as I got.
I'm guessing a leak in the carb or fuel line?
I remember that too. I hated the O.C. and the O.C. look. I was never into teen dramas.
I'm in my late 20s and I am one of the few people that changes my own oil. This seems to be true from people 18-60 that I know. My dad is in his mid 50s and the last time he changed oil was 1980? He never liked doing it. I'm like Hank Hill, to me changing oil is relaxing.
I love Freaks and Geeks! I love all of the Rush references. Especially in the first few episodes. Also DISCO SUCKS!
&gt; Tom Petty was considered punk rock at first because he wore a leather jacket on the cover of his debut like the Ramones. Now that's kind of weird.
That explains why I do know a few people in the NYC metro that mentioned disco being everywhere in the late 70s.
Probably. I'm from NJ and have family in the city. A lot of them talk about disco being everywhere in the late 70s.
My theory is the record labels themselves started getting board of rock after the grunge era and started pushing teen pop heavily in the 90s. That took over for a while. Though rock was still big. Then in the 2000s they were more interested in pop, rnb and hip-pop (2000s hip hop was the worst) over most rock. Except for EMO and Nu Metal. When I was in high school circa 2006-2010, I had a few friends that played in rock bands but they had a hard time getting gigs because most rock venues wanted Emo bands and they played either blue rock or more AC/DC sounding covers and one friend's band played skate punk. Now it seems most rock venues are gone, except for in large metro areas. In my area if you want to hear traditional instruments only country music is available. Other than that it's EDM, hip-hop or pop.
Punk was always kind of weird to me. I actually like a decent amount of punk but prefer metal, but I find a lot of punk fans to be very closed minded and only like punk.
Gotcha. I remember in the 2000s I had some friends into punk, they were really into 90s Skatepunk (pennywise, The Offspring, Strung Out, Bad Religion, etc) as well as 80s Hardcore and even older bands like Sex Pistols, Stiff Little Fingers, The Clash, Dead Kennedy's, etc. They always hated on metal, hard rock, grunge, etc for "being too mainstream." I do like some punk but found 90% of punk fans/musicians I've met to be a little pretentious. I love Thrash-Metal though which has the punk influence. I think most of them became hipsters when the 2010s rolled in.
I want a Remnants Netflix series! R-Rated.
This was circa 2007-2010.
They did. I just a very visual learning that I always found them kind of crappy. I need videos to learn things. I would have struggled in the pre internet days and I kind of did in the early 2000s before YouTube.
Some of them were teenagers my age others were in their late 20s to early 30s and were part of the 90s skate punk scene. The guy who used to own a skate shop in my area was like that. He hated metal, grunge and hard rock. He loved his 90s punk. He was a nice guy for the most part though.
I feel like back then too more middle class Americans were at least someone mechanically inclined. Today unless you work a trade job you are less likely to be mechanically inclined (that being said I know a few Doctors, Lawyers and Pilots that own/work on their classic cars but they are mostly 45+). There are a handful of us though in our 20s and 30s that are still mechanically inclined.
I work part time in Automotive writing (writing listing descriptions for dealerships), I'm amazed how many Automotive copywriters aren't car guys.
My late Beagle, I always use to play with her ears and like tap on them to make them go up and down and yell "floppy ears!" when I did. She liked it and her tail always wagged.
I don't know what your deal is or why you keep replying to my posts. But when I was talking to the other guy, I already said I know not matter what officer job you get in the military 90% of the job is desk work. But at the end of the day only pilots get to fly. Missile command, air field management, maintenance officers, etc. Never get behind the controls of an aircraft. Also I am well aware that the ANG is part time. That's why I am looking into firefighting and other jobs. Or towing banners or sticking with being a journalist until I build enough hours to the hours. I know a few ANG pilots personally, all of them air Airline Pilots in their civilian careers. One is also a Volunteer Firefighter. I prefer the ANG not only for a guaranteed pilot slot but also I can balance a civlian life. AND BEFORE YOU SAY ANYTHING. Yes I am well aware pilots work more than 1 weekend a month, I am well a ware I can be deployed for up to a year and I am well aware I have to go active duty for 4 or so years for training. Believe, I already went to college for the sole intent of becoming a pilot in the Air Force. I know all of this. I didn't just wake up one morning a month ago and said "I'm going to become a fighter pilot." This has been in the making for years. I've been working with my same idiot recruiter for almost two years. I did well in college and have been taking flying lessons and everything else. So yeah, I'm going for it. Maybe I'm a bit of an asshole. But I'm really competitive and hate being told no. I've been told my entire life I'll never amount to anything by teachers, parents and unsolicited strangers. So me becoming a pilot and an officer is my way of giving a middle finger back to the world.
Nothing personal but 90% of the stuff you replied to me with is stuff I already flat out told the other guy before you ever jumped in this thread. Sadly in my state we only have one officer recruiter for the Air Force. With the Army and Coast Guard you can use an recruiter for an officer position. With the Air Force, all officers/pilot candidates for ANG, AFR or Active Duty have no other option but to go to the one recruiter. My recruiter has tried telling me everything from I have to enlist first to I have to have an engineering degree to even take the AFOQT. Of course I call him out on it, he gets mad. He did schedule me to take the AFOQT back in March but it was canceled due to COVID-19. I've been trying to contact him to see if I can take it now. Maybe the Navy does things smoother as well. I feel like the Army has the easiest recruiting process for officers. Nothing personal but I've already spoken to plenty of Air Force and ANG pilots. I regularly talk to a few on Bogidope.
I love it!
I've never seen this before! Was there a Marvel Beavis and Butthead crossover?
I never knew. I didn't get into Beavis and Butthead until circa 2007 or so. I had a few Simpsons comics as a kid. I was thinking about tracking down some old issues of those.
What if Alice is Getchen's mother? Gretchen was likely born circa 1988 or so, if she is in 4th Grade in fall of 1997.
Last Time on Dragon Ball Z, Goku and Cell's continued their epic stare down without blinking. Trunks continued to try and earn his father's respect, while Vegeta remained Jealous of Goku's awesome hair. Will Goku be able to beat Cell in this deadly match of Candyland? Or are Cell's boardgame skills to much for the Super Sayian? Find out in this exciting episode of DRAGON BALL Z! *Epic guitar music plays*
My league has never even had a tryout. You just sign up online and they sort you based on baseball experience. Never played through JV High School/YMCA Rec League gets assigned to the lower league. Varsity High School through Minors (I think we have 1 got who played minors) gets assigned to upper league. The upper league is 90% High School Varisty, with a handful of NCAA and College Club players.
Shitty? They have Tuned Port Injection.
roflcopter.
That's tight.
What size wheels are they? Are they 72-72-80-80? A good friend of mine has an old pair of Nike-Bauers from circa 2006-2008? And they are the 72-72-80-80. He much prefers them to the 76-76-80-80.
I wish they still made them. My current Bauers are the 76-76-80-80. I used flat chassis as a kid and never tried the old hi-lo.
Nice! The last time I went to the Orlando one, ~~over 10 years ago~~. It was actually 9 years ago, in 2011. They had the White T-Bird.
Sadly, electric cars will take over all motorsports. They will be faster and more efficient. But they lack the excitement of the nitro, gas and alcohol powered machines. I love the rumble, the vibration and noise the ICE powered cars make.
Hopefully. For years the doorslammer crowd has been trying to tell everyone that Ethanol and Nitro are clean burning fuels but it tends to fall on deaf ears. I think it's because alcohol and nitro are just different liquids to the laymen, as where electric is hi-tech so for now it has the cool factor. To me Ethanol is the best. Because it still has the traditional cackle/bass and if it's made from corn it smells like popcorn when it burns. Though for mass production we should make ethanol from other sources. I've tried watching Formula E before. Sure the cars are impressive and show how far electric has come but I switched to another tab and forgot it was on.
I think what also helped Gareth Edwards too is he understood the cinematography and editing. Every shot made the universe feel alive and like there was more to the universe than what we saw on screen. It was all the little things that made the movie. Compared to both JJ and Rian Johnson, they used so many zoomed in shots and quick cuts that it felt like a TV show. Which is a shame too because Knives Out is great, I just don't think Johnson understands Star Wars. He's a small scale director not a fantasy-scifi director.
I'm sure within the next few years there will be electric pro mods too and then Top Fuel will be the next class to take on. The fastest electric dragsters are hitting pro mod numbers. Soon full body electric cars will be.
I've seen it. I saw the recent one too, the Current Technology team that set the new record.
Steam engine? I don't think I ever have?
Plus Vegeta cares about his Bulma. Apparently Goku has never kissed Chichi. Honestly, I'm kind of scared to know what Goku and Chichi's relationship is really like.
This is so true. I've been a Vegeta fan since circa 2000 or so during the Android Saga. I've written entire novels on forums on why Vegeta is the best character.
Gotcha. I love reading about Bonneville. It's one of my top destination places on my bucket list. I'm sure within a few years, electric cars will be setting plenty of records. Only jet cars will be faster.
I kind of wonder if it's the other way around. Chichi conned Goku into marriage (he thought it was something to eat) and even though Goku is never around and as far as I know had no income source until Super (I guess just prize money from the Martial Arts tournaments in Dragon Ball and the Ox King's money until that ran out), she never divorces him. After Mr. Satan gave them the $100million, she was perfectly ok with Goku just running off and doing what he wants. I think she uses him like a male hooker when she wants another kid to force to be a scholar.
Jamie was too chill probably a methhead. One voiced by Spike from Cowboy Bebop.
Swift unsolicitingly power washing Jesse's house for money is the most Swift thing. I love it!
It really is. Everything from the instruments to Gilmour's vocals is just so powerful.
While there was a decent amount of talk of Y2K and that was still a concern right up until the clocked change to 2000. There was also a ton of optimism in the air that existed from all of 2000 until 9-11. Everyone kept talking about how the 2000s were going to be the best decade of all time and the new millennium was going to be amazing and full of wonder. I remember being excited on new years talking with friends (I was 7) how in a few years there would be hovercrafts and we would be on Mars and there would be tons of space stations.
I feel like Drake should be a washed up musician. He did have a record deal at the end of Drake and Josh. He could own the guitar store but feels bumped that rock faded from the mainstream and he never became a rock star (for long) like he had hopped. Also Zero Gravity should make a cameo because they seem like a cool fictional band.
It would be funny too if Drake is still Drake (like he is in real life) but kids make fun of him for being so old and into "old people music" as where they love Josh. Or Drake is having trouble getting girls lately, and tries to impress them with guitar playing but they don't care,
Going back to college at 24, the first big culture shock was how Gen Z doesn't listen to rock at all. I'm 28 now and each year it seems less people do.
In Goku's defense, Gohan, Killin and Bulma did it first. They kept describing every namekian they saw as "He looks just like Piccolo!" "Wow a village of piccolos!" "This guy looks like a mini Piccolo" So they are the racists.
Classic metal I guess? Before the 2000s, despite the stereotype little metal had screaming. Most had clean vocals.
I would stick to classic metal, thrash metal (though a lot of modern thrash screams), groove metal, speed metal and if you want good clean vocals Power Metal and stoner metal.
No problem.
Do you know why you were DQ'd? Also if DQ'd from flying planes in the Air Force, could you still fly helicopters in the Army?
I think a lot of came back in the early 2000s, when he hosted chairty events for 9/11 survivors but it was really a ploy to try and convert them to scientology. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Rescue_Workers_Detoxification_Project After that happened there was a boycot for a while for his movies. Other than MI:3 and War of the Worlds, his movies didn't do as well for a while. In the 2010s he's had a revival since MI:4.
Gotcha. I've been told the Army is less strict and is easier to get waivers for. I wasn't sure if that applied for their flying physical. What caused the DQ?
Oh wow. Is that something easy to tell if you have? Did you always know that you had it?
What hardness were they?
I believe 3rd Gens with the disc brakes are 10mm. What year do you have? Also if you know your cars year and whether or not it has disc brakes or drums, you should just be able to purchase an exact fit for your model year and trim from the autoparts store.
"The Vegeta I know wouldn't kill a crowd full of people" Uhh Goku... when you first met Vegeta, he was here to destroy the earth...
In Vegeta's defense, sure he was a homicidal maniac, but he was raised under oppression from Space Hitler. Yeah sure he killed a ton of namekians but only because he was trying to achieve immortality to avenge his race which suffered a mass genocide. Yeah sure he used Bulma as a booty call and knocked her up, but 7 years later he became a decent husband and dad and 4 years later an even better one. Yeah sure he didn't let anyone else kill Dr. Gero, yeah sure he let Cell turn into Perfect Cell for his own selfish reasons (but he didn't give him a sensu bean unlike a certain other saiyan...). But in the years since Vegeta has turned his life around. He even calls his wife babe and honey and carries about his kids.
WHo would have thought, the man who slaughtered entire planets would care so much about his wife. But let's face it, they didn't get married until after the Buu saga. Trunks was accident and they had a common law marriage in the 7 years before Buu.
That makes sense! I guess I just needed a new perspective.
This is what I love man! I love that small stripped down, short wheel base look! I really love the gas tank and the rear fender.
