I think it defeats the purpose if you can fit the whole ship through the bottle opening lol
probably something useless +10 to push him into the top invasion bracket
That picture is of *Rich*? I never knew that lol
Honestly, I would never be able to justify spending that much on one guitar pedal. I have some money, but no way can I sacrifice $600 on something that I don't need for gigging or recording.
I love modulation, but I haven't tried a phaser or flanger for years - I'll definitely think about one of those!
That's a good idea. I use the reverb on my Fender Deville, so haven't considered the options a reverb pedal could open up. Thanks!
Currently really falling in love with this pedal in demo videos.
Every T pose in Fallout 76 is Todd laughing at you from inside a swimming pool filled with cash
so fucking good hahaha
weird flex but okay
My Gretsch is a semi hollow, and it's still a feedback machine :(
Ludwig Gehrman Gundyr
Definitely supporting the Lies of Locke Lamora recommendation; the whole book is one big Mat chapter, but it also knows how to throw a gut punch. The first sequel also gave me my love of pirate adventure books.
I have a streamliner, and to be honest it's really only a problem in high gain scenarios.
"You know she bad, there ain't none badder, but she's got more crabs than a seafood platter"
fucking love that guitar!
Is the scale length of that guitar really short or is that just an optical illusion?
I remember Joe Satriani saying this. No matter how good you get, you'll find someone better than you and want to give up. Don't!
The first real cheese strat
Pretty much exactly the same, although the Mini has those tiny knobs that are hard to fine tune and impossible to see where they are at from even a slight distance, because the indicator is black. I had to paint my indicators white, and even then it's not visible from standing up.
You are absolutely correct, but I think it's all falling on deaf ears.
Yeah, growing up with an N64 pretty much trained me to play this way. Some people play with inverted Y axis, which is the same kind of thing. One feels natural and the other feels awkward and horrible. There are lots of us out there, it's just that almost all games these days let you invert the X-axis... but not RDR2.
Because the camera moves in the opposite direction to what feels natural to me. So every time I want to look left, the camera looks right and visa versa.
You play inverted X or inverted Y? There's no option to invert X.
his coconut gun can fire in spurts
Seen this [guitar version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oS_yNsDsbaQ)? It's my favourite for sure.
Did you sculpt these? They're great!
Lol
Gas can be stored in cylindrical objects for later use
The TSMini sounds great, but those tiny knobs are god awful. I found that a Davies 1900h knob fits perfectly right over the top of them, and the set screw locks it in place (although it actually fits so well you don't need to even use the screw). The labels are slightly obscured, but the light is completely free. Much better with the new knobs!
I did that initially, but the tops of the knobs are so small that it barely made a difference, I still had to bend right down to see where they were set.
Ilyena is almost an anagram of Elayne (Ilayne)
I don't even know how to complain to the company... there doesn't seem to be any way to contact them.
Steve's alright
It's a lot easier when you're underwater because of the [Diving Reflex](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diving_reflex)
You can also just search for "guitar pedal parts" on google, and you should be able to find a local distributor.
You should cast these, they're amazing!
I gotta ask- is the vibe upside down just because you only had short cables?
Name a movie where that happens in the first 10 minutes, and where having that not happen could have ended the movie.
People are too harsh on Seita. He's just a 14 year old kid, who has grown up in a very well off household, and this is 1940s Japan, a culture that puts a great deal of emphasis on 'saving face' - something that would have been especially pertinent if his father was in the Navy. Also, he had no way of knowing that leaving his Aunt would snowball into the circumstances he ended up in. Some people also call him stupid for not withdrawing the money from the bank sooner, but he didn't know what the signs for malnutrition were, he didn't know the dire state his sister was in until it was too late. His Aunt is fucking stupid, the Doctor they see is fucking stupid, almost all of the adults they meet are callous and self serving, but Seita wasn't a dumb ass - he was just a kid in a fucking horrible situation. It's a tragedy because of how avoidable it was, but I find it really hard to blame Seita for anything.
The Hudsucker Proxy. They guy graduates from business school but doesn't know how to pitch an idea?
It's been roughly a thousand years since I built a PC, and I remember that it was important to put RAM in slots 1 and 3 rather than 1 and 2. Is this still the case?
Would co op even work in an ME game? It wouldn't really be a co op game, you'd just both be playing a single player game concurrently. I mean, how do you help each other besides combat (which is not the focus of the game)? It would just be both of you working out how to do movement to get past a section, then one of you works it out and has to wait for the other to get past (or if they're a jerk, they don't wait and you're separated). The person with more game experience would end up getting all the satisfaction out of the game while the other is essentially just a bodyguard.
Yeah, so a win returns 36 because you keep your wager.
The numbers are completely arbitrary.
I think the person who invented that phrase should be posting in this thread about people taking it literally.
The people that live in that train station don't seem very blessed to me
God can't hear us anymore
this has to be robbaz
&gt;we wouldn’t fly into the ground simply based on a number a controller gave us. Not even if visibilty was at zero, and the plane was completely out of fuel? IIRC, they didn't change angle of approach. They re-calibrated sea level for their ILS. So all of the readings were accurate, but based off of incorrect sea level.
Snowstorms can be very predictable. They would have known a week in advance what the weather was going to be like.
No idea how to even mention it to support. I emailed them and their response was - &gt;Here at Rockstar Support, our focus is to help players who are having technical support issues with our games. Which is basically them just washing their hands of me. I can't work out any other way to contact them about it.
wth is 1964?
these are fake subs tho
I emailed them again and got this response: &gt;We understand your concern regarding inverting of X-axis in RDR2, we are sorry to inform you that currently, we do not have the option to invert X- axis in the RDR2, we would like to hear your further suggestion on this issue, we recommend players who want there to be an option for inverting the x-axis in RDR2 and RDO to provide feedback at https://reddeadonline.com/feedback. So give that one a try I suppose
uwu
"Fall Spot"
"photoshopped" is generous, I did this in MSPaint
Whats the sub?
They are forever the Soyboys in my mind now
*This is my fucking stoop*
I don't think it had a big enough impact on the industry to say that. Bloodborne didn't revolutionize anything, it just did what it was trying to do perfectly.
Nah, it wasn't any of his hits.
Awesome!
That means that it just doesn't usually look as nasty as it is hahha - mines the same -_-
How do you like the JHS Milkman? Really considering one of those!
I already have a delay pedal, which I use pretty much just as a slapback to fatten up my sound, the Milkman is on my radar as a way to free up my delay pedal for more experimental sounds, with an added boost for fun. It might be better to just buy a second delay though, the Milkman is pricey for what's essentially just a utility pedal.
I never claimed that they were the same thing, but the best game ever made would have *both*.
Well think of it this way; to me, in 1997 Symphony of the Night was the best action RPG, the best game of its kind. But Super Mario 64 was the best 3D platformer whilst also completely revolutionising the way that video games were made and played. Even though I probably liked SotN more, I'd have to admit that objectively SM64 is the better game. So when I think about the 'best game ever made', it has to be more than just the best game of its kind, or else SM64 is retrospectively better.
[Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFel6GhT8Cw)
I thought this was completely obvious?
Hell yes! You need to base him onto a pile of doritos
The fact that it is sickening is the whole point. The more kids traumatized by it, the more future vegans.
I wonder if the person who made these understood how appropriate it is in the context of the show?
3
$200+ is pretty steep for a beginner
It can be a little tough asking for pedals as gifts, since they can be incredibly expensive. The Joyo trem is at a great pricepoint, and does exactly what it advertises :) The Pickle is something I've had my eye on for a while, it's the first pedal I've gotten just for fun, rather than something I needed for a specific purpose. It's great!
It can be a little tough asking for pedals as gifts, since they can be incredibly expensive. The Joyo trem is at a great pricepoint, and does exactly what it advertises :) The Pickle is something I've had my eye on for a while, it's the first pedal I've gotten just for fun, rather than something I needed for a specific purpose. It's great!
TU3 &gt; Crybaby Classic &gt; MXR Line Driver &gt; OCD &gt; TSMini &gt; Swollen Pickle &gt; Joyo Tremolo &gt; NS-2 &gt; Time Machine delay &gt; Rowin Looper &gt; Fender Deville.
So far, I'm not a fan of running drive and the pickle at the same time. Whenever I need fuzz the pickle's settings are enough for dirt options, then the line driver for boost if I need it. That being said, OCD is my favorite drive pedal - I use it way more than the TS. It's a very different sound.
All that setup is doing is using the gate on the guitar and pedals separately. My NS-2 is only used when I have my wah and drive active, and it works fine for that in this configuration. Whether it's setup properly or not is easily answered with a simple question; does it stop the hum? If so, then it's fine :)
http://www.blackjackage.com/bust-out-rate.php. Found this, might be what you're after?
The link says it: &gt;The dealer has an average bust rate of 28.36% on any given hand. You can't have an exact figure because it depends entirely on what the first card is, which is random (so you have to average it out).
I didn't know that! One thing about the Joyo is that the Rate pot is biased heavily - up until about 2 oclock it's a very subtle difference, but from there on it speeds up rapidly. Will the internal controls let me tweak that do you think?
With that many control knobs? I doubt it
You might want to consider repositioning the TSmini - the wah might get in the way of the switch.
Based on [this pic I found](https://i.imgur.com/LdIjPL6.jpg), it doesn't look like there's anything you can adjust?
I want that pedal badly, but can't justify the price because of how weird it is. Getting it as your first pedal is probably a great idea, you'll definitely find a practical use for it!
Okay, gotcha!
That is just the normal game of blackjack, that's not a special condition. By default, the dealer pulls until 17 or higher is reached, so for your question the average is accurate.
No casino dealer, *anywhere*, makes a decision on when to pull cards. The dealer always pulls to 17 or above (often any 17, sometimes only a hard 17). They can not choose to stand on 16 if they want to.
Happens all the time. The best is when 4+ people have 21 and the dealer pulls an ace on a picture. Great times!
Blackjack isn't supposed to be a game of skill - card counting turns it into one. Imagine if you were smart enough to calculate the trajectory of a roulette ball so that you could narrow it's final position down to 5 or so numbers. It's not technically cheating, but you have an unfair advantage against the casino. Card counting is the same thing, it gives the player an advantage against the casino, so they don't allow it - just like you shouldn't allow the casino to have an advantage over you (like by playing roulette). The player card counting is the same as the casino putting a zero on the roulette wheel, it's a trick one party does to get money from another party.
Just so you know in future, you shouldn't have walked away. Why didn't you say anything, to either the dealer or the pit boss? As soon as you say "Excuse me dealer, but I did not make a hand signal to stand" then the dealer has to call over their supervisor, who will reconstruct the hand and allow you to play properly. I have never heard of, and would never even imagine the scenario you just described happening at my casino.
As a dealer, if you said any of those at my table I would love you instantly
Casual blackjack players are, by and large, complete morons. I think there is maybe one level headed person for every 200 or so complete idiots I see. Most of them are nice people, just stupid - quite a few though, are stupid *and* horrible. It might be a result of the game itself - if you play poorly in blackjack, you will spend a lot of money, and losing money makes people upset. Upset people get angry, and upset *stupid* people will immediately find something other than themselves to blame for their anger. You're that something.
Still not really sure what that table means... so when i get to 21:05 I pause the commentary and then unpause at 22:09? And then at 22:32 I pause the commentary and then unpause at 23:27 etc? Does "add 13 seconds of silence" mean I pause the commentary for 13 seconds? :S
I think that you're supposed to use these to secure the head, then you twist it to break their neck.
I assume that's what you're supposed to do with this tool as well, it just gives you a better purchase on the head
It's okay, I just found a copy of the theatrical version instead. EDIT: It is worth getting the audio synced up just for a certain joke mike makes near the end
She's alright I suppose
this is way too funny for this sub
That's not a thought exercise: that's how blackjack is actually played by the dealer.
thats cute as hell
Seriously though, Donkey Kong Country isn't the story you think it is. In the early days of DK Isle, the Kong family controlled everything. They created the currency (bananas) and controlled it all, paying a pittance to the other denizens of the island (enough so that they could stay fed, but not enough to amass capital) and using them as almost slave labor to indulge their insane vanity - terraforming the entire island into the visage of the family's figurehead, Donkey Kong. The Kongs controlled everything, including passage onto and off the island (the incredibly corrupt Funky Kong, who's barrel planes would often experience sudden failures whilst over the ocean - well after the occupants, desperate to escape the tyranny of the Kongs, had been gouged of every banana they owned). The Kongs built factories at the peak of the island, with the intent of creating gigantic caverns in which to hoard their vast wealth. Then one day, a wayward Captain arrived at Kong Island in search of trade, but what he found instead - the torment that the denizens of this isle were going through - left him horrified. He found himself in a unique position - he had at his disposal a not insignificant band of well trained Kremlings, veterans of multiple skirmishes against pirates out at sea, and the Kongs had grown fat and complacent. A lesser man (crocodile?) may have been tempted to ignore what he saw and sail to the next port, but K. Rool instead took it upon himself to strike at the fascist leaders of Kong Isle, and free those helpless against their oppressors. In a lightning swift strike, K. Rool moored his great galleon at the side of the island, and he and his loyal Kremlings ascended the treacherous cliff face to reach the Island's summit. They forged through the bitter cold of the snow and made to seize the Kong's industrial heart. The brave Kremlings took the factories, freed the workers, and began their war against the Kong family. With the help of the local wildlife, who had been as quick as they were brave to take up arms against their oppressors, K. Rool slowly pushed the Kongs down the mountain, taking their hoards of bananas one by one. Instead of taking the precious bananas to his ship, K. Rool instead left them in the protection of the animals of the island, each race of which selected their strongest to be a champion of the hoard and guard the bananas. After a gruelling battle, the Kremlings and Freedom Fighters had at last pushed the Kongs back to their final stronghold in the jungle. The fight was surely won, the animals surely freed - until a crash, and a terrifying battle cry pierced the thick jungle air - [***OOH OOH EH EURGH EH EURGH EH***](https://youtu.be/cfNft_sUKOQ?t=6) After spending the war gorging on the last hoard of the Kongs, their cruel warlord Donkey Kong had entered the fight. And so, the real war had now begun.
Yeah it's been a couple of hours :( I've unplugged it now, and am back on my adsl2 - I'll try it again tomorrow.
Alright, thanks!
It happens to attractive people, but the girls are usually insane so it has its downsides
I hope so too, thanks for the reply
The game itself? Not that great. Painting the miniatures though has been an absolute blast!
I married a Karen, she's an alcoholic but her dad runs the local supermarket, so I get a discount on any seeds I buy.
Betrayal at House on the Hill. The first time I played it, it was an incredible experience... but ever since then, every game has been pretty disappointing. I think we just got lucky with the haunt the first time.
They're both very different to each other. Get both.
Personally, I feel it to be criminal to rob someone of the joy of cutting into a well cooked steak.
I wonder why OP disliked Annihilation so much
I want this engraved on my tombstone
When I was a kid, I could ollie onto waist high ledges. I stopped skating for a few years, and after relearning how to skate I have no fucking idea how I did it. It seems impossible to me now, I remember thinking 'just throw your board onto the ledge and your feet will follow' but how the fuck did I do that?
You know how after you hit the peak of your ollie, you push straight down to land it? He's doing the same thing, but sideways onto the ledge
I read just the first book, and can't say I prefer it over the movie or vice versa. But then, I wasn't a massive fan of the book. I still think the movie is better than a 3/10 though, and I think I would have thought even better of it if I hadn't read the book.
Probably not. The fan made one is excellent though, so it's not a great loss.
Sort of? This is absolutely pixel art
I couldn't find the video of him saying it
*sniff*
[Immersion ruined](https://i.imgur.com/paJB9GP.jpg)
It's a retractable box cutter; the blade is designed to fit inside the handle. It would also make a very poor weapon, as the blade would snap very easily. She's also holding it upside down.
EP Booster and a slap delay are always on for me. Venue doesn't change it, but my amp settings change for venue. I've considered using a compressor, but it's too hard to guage what settings you need when live.
As soon as I worked out that closing the gap to him is the number one priority (even over healing) he became a lot easier. Beat him without using the umbrella. Isshin caused me a lot more deaths overall.
Just the one delay pedal, I just open it up for songs that need it.
Why do you think the drop rate is lower? I would be incredibly surprised if that were the case.
"I'm disabled!" Yes, yes you are.
It's baffling to you that most people who gamble don't play optimally? Have you seen how many people play roulette?
Fucking fantastic post
Metal gear is massively anime...
My first step would be to contact gretsch themselves, and ask if you can buy a replacement from them.
yeah then school ends and everyone forgets
Nothing like taking a big bite of raw onion...
That's... odd
No, it's not.
Fracking amazing
Loli, derived from 'lolicon' (which is derived from 'lolita complex') refers specifically to sexual attraction towards young girls. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lolicon
No, lolicon comes from the word Lolita, which is the name given to a young girl in the book, who is the object of attraction for an older man. The term lolita, and subsequently lolicon/loli, is directly associated with that attraction.
Aardvark 0000a: Not so fast
A lolicon is someone who is attracted to young girls. A loli is the object of that attraction. If the attraction did not exist, then they wouldn't be a loli.
Yes, that's correct.
Well, this begs the question; would it be appropriate to tell a mother she has a cute loli, if she was as aware of what the word means as you are? Until the answer to that question is a definite yes, then the sexual connotations of the word are the driving factor in its use.
Just for future reference/googling, having all pedals the same volume as the amp is called 'unity gain'.
good pedal, but no amount of moody lighting can make these behringer pedals look trendy lol
Are you using the modern control scheme? Every enemy is a joke with that
It's even better if you're Jill with Barry's magnum - one shot and he just falls over, completely anti climactic.
Wait does that mean that I should listen to people telling me what to do then?
The lightsaber blade looks terrible? It's a pretty important thing to get right in a game about being a Jedi...
I found that one to be far better value than the companion. You can actually read it front to back, has some great info, where as the companion is just a gigantic glossary which is made almost obsolete by Google.
It looks like one of those [Force FX lightsabers](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/FoIxxXzWV_U/maxresdefault.jpg)
I love how height shaming, something that we cannot control, is fine but fat shaming, something that we absolutely can control and directly affects our health, is taboo.
ITT: bullies
u/vredditshare
Great axe! Can I ask what industry you're in?
Hanging out of the side of a fast moving train. It's pretty dangerous, but not difficult - the train coming from the other direction was obviously not planned and made the stunt a little too risky.
I love bees! I found a grounded bee once outside on the ground, so I brought him in and put him in an empty glass along with a droplet of honey. I couldn't believe it when I saw him put the honey on his legs, so that he could scale the side of the otherwise too smooth glass. I had no idea they were so clever. About a day later he had regained enough strength that he could fly away, it made me really appreciate how wonderful bees are.
Maria would be the first to agree with you.
I take money from people and only sometimes give them something in return.
Portal stories: Mel definitely isn't too difficult. It's only slightly harder than Portal 2 (as it should be, being pretty much a sequel). It definitely doesn't need an easy mode - CUBE was a lot harder.
https://www.moddb.com/mods/cube-mod It's a damn good mod. I heard about it in a PCPowerPlay issue I think.
It's a Dolphin Flip, no doubt about it. They're a tough trick, good luck!
Lance left to pursue a career in something else. Braille would have taken up a lot of his time, and since skateboarding wasn't really ever a huge passion for him, it makes sense that he would leave Braille if something else spoke to him more. Kelly seems to be focusing on creating his own online identity, rather than just being a part of Braille. I get the feeling that he wants to become a professional vlogger, like casey neistat or something.
Comparing this to Primitive Technology, it's pretty obvious that this guy is fake.
Why didn't they show that then? Because that's not how he did it. The video is completely fake.
We're not talking about 6 hours. As another comment pointed out, it would have taken 16 days of non stop trips to fill the pool the way he was. That aside, the whole video is filled with r/restofthefuckingowl level material. All of the logs are cut with perfectly straight ends - there's so much that just screams out that it's engineered for the camera. You're incredibly naive to think this is real.
... yeah that's what he said
So it's pretty accurate then
nerds
It also has another name, it's mentioned by Bunk in season 2 of The Wire, but I can't for the life of me remember what it is.
u/vredditshare
Hahha yes!
Anyone taking a step towards a roulette table has already thrown value for money out of the window.
Yep definitely second this^. All this model needs is a little bit of neatening up and the impact you'll get would be huge.
Can I ask, what happens when someone refuses to leave? Do they stop the movie until they do or what?
u/vredditshare
The only thing that I'd change is switching BINGO with BITHC
She's going commando
It did, but it didn't happen very often. You had to use a cheat code to get true dismemberment.
Jango had a helmet on. That makes a big difference.
u/vredditshare
Today's equivalent of a cheat code IS DLC.
In my first year, I planted 3 3x3s and got two giant pumpkins.
The idea I think is that you're not supposed to completely remove the rods; that way you're never increasing reactivity past the last point you were at. I.e., once a rod is removed as far as it should be, by reinserting the rod you are not putting any more graphite into the reactor that wasn't already there. At Chernobyl they completely removed the rod graphite from the core, then reinserted it later.
An enemy dropped a sword that is equivalent to the Vorpal Blade from SOTN, so that's me sorted for the rest of the game lol. It's called the Rhava Búral, drops from Barbers i think.
Just a heads up: I've only played 4 hours so far, but have already found some shards and items that absolutely break the game balance. So if you find something that makes the game feel too easy, it might be best to avoid using it if you want to enjoy the game to its fullest.
If they had put it in, everyone would be making memes about how they spent all their time on a big wolf battle and skipped over important character development. Personally, I couldn't care less that we didn't see this. I would have liked to have seen a couple of shots of Bran doing something with animals during the fight, but that would have been enough.
[Yes, as of 2017 at least.](http://www.truthaboutscientology.com/stats/by-name/a/aaron-kyro.html)
It seemed pretty obvious to me, as soon as I learned how the spikes work, the next time they mentioned hers I thought, well yeah that's gotta be it. I'm not trying to brag, I'm usually pretty oblivious with stuff like that.
Skate it and let us know
[Jizz Box](https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Jizz-box) players
&gt; But I don’t view it as similar or on or to something like Breaking Bad. That hurt my brain
Any word from 505 that the chest bug is going to be fixed? Or are our saves just trashed now? EDIT: Official word from 505 is that saves are un fixable :(
It's amazing for bat and medusa rooms though
Mine is Micolash or Maria.
Honestly, Occam's razor is in favor of OP just being dumb - this is humanity we are talking about, after all!
Nice find!
This is the scene that upset me the most in *Full Metal Jacket*
She also has a thought bubble above her head with a picture of the dish
Yep, I know at least two other spots that are treversable in a similar fashion.
If you've beaten the dragon tower and gotten the Silver Bromide, then you can progress. It won't be any fun though, because every chest will be open and empty from here on out.
Second boss is the same as Doppelganger from SotN; he feels ridiculously hard at first, but when you figure him out he's a complete joke. I died three or four times to him on my first game, but on my second (thanks 1.02) I killed him first try without being hit once by him. The third boss killed me more!
You're not getting downvoted because your game is bugged. You're getting downvoted because you've come into a thread that has nothing to do with that.
Anyone know what it is that allows you to take more books out from the library? Is it just tied to your level or something?
It's probably a number rounding thing I'd say; the incremental increase per level will only show up on damage numbers whenever it breaks a rounding threshold
The Moon Belt improves it; gives it more distance.
It is a bit of a design flaw, yeah.
A loading screen tip states that MND improves magic resistance
So farm 5, gotcha
If it's possible to play the game exactly as intended, complete every quest, explore every room, and still miss a progress critical item, then that's a design flaw. If you're unlucky enough to not get one after completing the quest, then there is no way to know what to do to continue. SotN did not have any items that were this way - in fact I'm struggling to remember any game that does.
Are you saying that Doppelganger is easier for new players than Zangetsu?
Why do you think I am talking about my personal playthrough?
One ending does not halt all game progress, achieving further endings is progressing through the game.
I said that it was a 'bit of a design flaw' - I didn't say it was game breaking.
That's all I care about :)
If you talk to the Librarian a second time, he pretty much spells it out for you. But since you don't really have a reason to go back there, you probably won't see it.
Just letting you know, shard count doesn't affect the endings at all.
I was hyped to hear a snippet from Lost Paintings (my favourite SotN track) in one of the tunes. EDIT: The track with the callback to Lost Paintings is called 'Interred Glory'
I used True Arrow for the majority of the game, it's just so damn good. Only stopped using it as my primary DPS at the very end of the game.
Can I ask what that sword is? Is it a weapon or a familiar?
How long does he take to appear? I was sitting there a long time...
INVERT INVERT INVERT
Nope, you're fine. I mean there are plenty of bugs that soft lock the game and force you to load a save (don't slide into water, try not to enter a new screen in a weird way) but they're not game breaking. Just remember to save often and always carry a stock of waystones on you in case something happens.
Gold grows on lamps
Yep, first thought I had too
Bovine plumes. You don't want to start collecting bovine plums, trust me.
There's a room dedicated to that portrait in the castle
No/Yes
This works if you read it left to right as well
He's the hardest boss in the game, by far.
Where do you get this shard from?
Of course!
I really liked DoB, felt like I was really somewhere weird, it was great. Glacial Tomb looks awesome, I just wish it was the second last area rather than the very last area. It felt a bit weird to fight all these important bosses in just an ice cave.
The chests spawn in the room below OD (where you jump from). You have to hit him multiple times.
I've got a question that I don't want to make a whole new thread for... Just east of Todd's barbershop, there is a tall room that has two gargoyles, a Bloodbringer and a flying demon in it. At the top of that room, these maps show a way to get through to the bell tower room directly above it, but I still can't work out how to do it. It seems like the ground should be breakable in that room or something, but I couldn't get that to work and I ended up getting to that section only after obtaining Dimensional Shift. How do you open that pathway? EDIT: This is the pathway I'm talking about: https://i.imgur.com/5jD1eJJ.png . The floor above it seems completely solid. EDIT: It turns out that it was actually just a glitch; once I activated the detect hidden walls shard, the indestructible floor suddenly became breakable.
The top of the room does in fact have a lever, but that lever opens up a hole in the floor section that leads back to the lower room. The room above it features no such lever that I can remember, I'll have another look next time I boot it up
What I want to know is how people are ranking up their shards to 9 so fast. Those last couple of ranks are always insanely expensive - and how the hell are people getting rank 9 Alchemical Bounty so fast? at 9 Gold[Material] per rank, it costs hundreds of thousands of G to get it maxed... I've beaten all the bosses, gotten 100% on the map, and all achievements except the item list one, and I have maybe 5 rank 9 Passives.
Yeah, I did that to get the Gilded Youth achievement... it took 30 minutes to get 500k, which got Alchemical Bounty up to level 4!
Same thing happens to me, happens to different areas depending on where I am. It's purely a graphical glitch, just gotta ignore it.
I don't think so. I did that ending first then just reloaded the save to continue on.
If I had the money to get Gold Augment to rank 9 I wouldn't be farming! That's what I don't understand; people are recommending getting Alchemical Bounty to 9 in order to make money, but that's the thing that I need the money for. Now you're suggesting getting Gold Augment to 9 first, which is insanely expensive as well!
At 15,000G a pop, you still need a load of money to do that. Each upgrade to Alchemical Bounty costs 135,000G...
Watch a TV show or something while you wait!
What does his name mean?
I actually hate this, because when you are using a control stick it's super easy to accidentally move it left or right and bounce all over the menus. They made it super sensitive for some reason.
Mimics
I just run to the left as soon as he spawns, and stand on top of the crate in the next carriage where he can't reach you.
That's correct, it's like the Pokedex. Once it's there it stays there no matter what.
17,000 G per minute is really slow? What's a fast amount?
It sure does, but it's unavoidable.
Yes, there is one specific ability unlock that greatly improves your movement in combat early on, and there are also some significant ones but only in the late game. Not sure how much you want spoiled, but your movement options in combat increase as you gain upgrades.
Ok cool, thank you!
You can use it to craft special weapons with Johannes. These weapons can then be upgraded with 16-bit and 32-bit coins which you can buy later on.
Some items require up to 16 Alkahest to dismantle. It's simply not worth it any more as a money making strategy, because farming the Alkahest won't be faster than just zipping lamps for cash drops. Alchemical Bounty is now just a nice bonus every now and then. The problem is that it is still incredibly expensive to rank up (ranks 4-6 alone cost a total of 405,000(!)G worth of Gold[Material]).
Really didn't like the Oriental Lab area. It's right at the very top of the castle, but it's chiseled out of rock? Also, why is it called a Lab? It's pretty much just a big dojo. Why is there an eastern themed area in this castle? I really liked how Zangetsu's appearance clashed with the architecture and style of the castle, having the second fight with him be in a Japanese themed area was a bit lame. It could also be because I had just played the hell out of Sekiro and was pretty over that kind of setting. I agree with everyone else about Glacial Tomb; cool area, but it shouldn't have been the last place we visit. My favourite area aesthetically was the Bridge of Evil, looks great with the train in the background and the lighting. Was really disappointed that it was only a couple of rooms. My favourite room in the whole game is the red moon corridor above the gardens, just felt amazing walking through there. I remembered thinking that the moon didn't look right, that it must be a glitch or something that it isn't further back into the background. Made me remember it when I needed to after Gebel!
There is nothing in the game about Catholicism, it has nothing to do with Castlevania story wise.
When you eat a meal for the first time, you get a permanent stat increase. Subsequent meals of the same type restore health only. A meal that you have eaten already (and thus received the bonus for) is marked with a plate and cutlery icon in the menus.
The Barbers are one of the firs enemies in the game, and drop a weapon that is better than anything else for the first 80% of the game. RotN is full of stuff like that, it's part of the fun.
The chest that shows up on the ship is actually located high up above one of the big Dullahan dudes, requiring High Jump to reach.
Hair Apparent XII
Aren't you being incredibly nitpicky? The point is that the gate *works* at the minifig scale. Nothing in Lego is scaled perfectly.
I'd rather the money be spent on game development for their own IPs.
Wooosh
Does every single thread need a mention about how bad the Switch version is? 505 says they're working on it and there are plenty of threads dedicated to the topic already.
Is there an easy way to tell what you have and haven't crafted?
Yeah that's a good strategy. I'd rather farm money for 20 minutes than spend more time than necessary in those menus!
They stifle the release of new ideas, and are more often bad than good. I'd say that as a whole, remakes are a Bad Thing.
I mean, they're the reason the game exists. It's a small price to pay IMO, there's sillier stuff in the game.
That is very flawed logic lol
Where's Mario tho
I only have eyes for Bloodstained at the moment. It's everything that I hoped it would be.
&gt;Is my switch gonna brick? What? This hyperbole over the switch version problems is getting ridiculous
As soon as they jump, back dash. That should put you at the right range to start hitting them again
Defeating Gebel and getting the bad ending unlocked both Boss Rush and Speed Run modes for me. Sound Mode was unlocked after getting the good ending.
Shouldn't it be filled with water?
Every car they buy will have a strange rattling sound that temporarily disappears whenever they take it to a mechanic.
That's not true, I did it after beating Bael.
She was one of the harder ones, definitely. I thought there must be some way of preventing her from healing at first. Good fight.
Yes but that doesn't mean that you have to do it that way.
You can get the tome before Bael...
I'm not sure where you live, but 2622s definitely come in Torino Green
That transition is going to be gnarly as hell
I mean either you were literally at your last $65 and this was an incredibly irresponsible purchase, or you weren't really that poor and you've made a clickbait post. It's one or the other... EDIT: Honestly, of the two, I'd prefer if you just made an irresponsible purchase.
Can't wait for 2041!
The crash scene at the climax of Fury Road
There's a fair amount of weird and pointless CGI though, like the steering wheel overlayed on that very explosion
The load times on PS4 made me buy it again for PC.
[Here's a PS4 post death load.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrNIZwBKq-Q) /u/Skwaddelz and /u/phezhead tell me that isn't painful.
His name is Benjamin and he is not very good at using warpstones. You have to find him again somewhere else.
[That was Zimbabwe's theory.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperinflation_in_Zimbabwe)
Nope. I went from the save room, and inverted for the first corridor, then flipped back to fall down the cave, then inverted for the next long corridor. You can run past all of the enemies without any of them hitting your or getting in your way.
The only weapon faster than the Rhava Bural is the Rhava Velar. The Lohengrin is very fast for a G. Sword.
I'm not sure that it's entirely just a drive issue. On PC, I run the game off of a WD hdd that is 5+ years old, and the load times are approximately 5-10 seconds post death. It's hard to imagine that my PS4's hdd is the sole reason that the load times are longer by a factor of 10...
The drop kick that unlocks after you receive the double jump shard.
Yeah, the updated version you're talking about only has Torino Green for the left handed models, for some inexplicable reason
Unfortunately charisma updates get outdated pretty quickly. I'm still running on version 1996 and it causes big compatibility issues.
Bloodbringer is a usable sword straight away I'm pretty sure.
Because people on amine_irl often don't want to accept how real life works
Well that was a long time later, and Anakin was a *very* different person by that time. Young Anakin was a lot more self centered, no matter what he said at the time.
I don't agree with this. Anakin, as we see him in the prequels, is an incredibly selfish and arrogant person. Padme was not interested in him initially. Despite knowing that pursuing her would endanger both of their careers, he does it anyway and ends up charming her. Afterwards, instead of giving up becoming a Jedi and settling down with Padme (nobody would have stopped him), he decides to keep their relationship hidden so that he could still pursue his wish of becoming a Jedi Master. He says he loves her over and over, but never does what a person who is actually devoted to someone would do; the best for *them*. Why did he not keep his promise to his mother, and only finally try to rescue her when he feels she is in mortal danger? What kind of person does these things? Someone who desires, above almost all else, *power*. His entire life was dedicated to obtaining the strength that was stolen from him as a child, the power to control his own destiny. If Anakin had the chance to save Padme through self sacrifice, he wouldn't. He would have let her die, blame someone else, and then use that grief to fuel his hatred and anger, because he was always the kind of person that would eventually become Darth Vader. He wasn't tricked into it by Palpatine; you can't just trick someone into becoming a murderer, no matter how powerful a Sith you are. Anakin did those things; he was always capable of it. In Return of the Jedi, we witness the first time that Anakin really loved someone; the power of his paternal love for Luke was what allowed him to finally make a true *sacrifice* for someone else. The first time he puts someone else before himself.
Yoda is testing Luke to see if he can look past what is in front of him and feel for the truth. Had Luke been able to use the force to reach out with his feelings, he would have seen past Yoda's silly ruse.
Why?
All these people are talking about the Dark Side in relation to how it affects humans. You can not eradicate the Dark Side, because the Dark Side is a part of the Force as a whole. The Force is constantly seeking balance, that is why the Dark Side exists. [Here is a video that explains it better than I can.](https://youtu.be/T2cBTLsWiDg?t=696) (Spoilers for The Force Awakens and The Last Jedi)
It's because it is so easy that you see lots of people being super serious about it. Classic has given an opportunity to be part of the elite for players that don't have to have a high level of skill, so lots of people are trying to take advantage of that. A game with a high skill level would weed out most of these people since they would give up relatively quickly, but with WoW all you really need to be The Best is a lot of free time.
This post has sound...
I've been thinking about doing lightsabers like this, but is it the kind of thing where it only looks good from one specific angle?
Miyatati?
Honestly I don't think there is a way to do them ideally. Your job looks better than any other method
/u/vRedditDownloader
r/drillcats
u/vredditshare
I always thought that the church giants were Pthumerian giants that were enslaved (employed?) by the church.
u/vredditshare
Trying to work out why you posted this? It's just a GM restructuring the guild and being transparent about it. Are you saying that's a bad thing?
This is great. How the hell do you wipe for 4 hours doing basic raid mechanics?
u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
I don't get it... what does the phrase "you don't have to get extra cards" mean? Is that a bad thing? What makes someone the Untouched Inquisitor?
This is Russia, so that's probably not as likely.
The video has sound, and they are clearly speaking Russian.
This video is Russian.
this isn't r/funny
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditshare
RE4 is alright. I feel like RE2R does everything 4 does, but better.
Hard agree.
Well, Vader still absolutely dominated him in their duel above Endor. Remember that he was still trying to convert him, he probably could have killed him quite quickly if that was his goal. Luke was only able to overpower him through intense fury. Vader still would have been holding back, right up until he realised that he might actually be in danger, but by that time Luke had gained the upper hand.
that is so fucking bizarre hahah
Spray and Wipe all purpose, it cleans up every surface!
Casinos win over time. You saw one tiny period, but the casino will come out on top eventually as the math averages out. Just like you can see a coin flip to Heads in 8 out of 10 flips, but as you reach 1,000 or 10,000 flips it will average out to 50/50.
Was this a shot from the very begging of the episode? If so, this is Legasov's DLB (dead letter box). A DLB is a pre disclosed location between two parties that can be used to covertly exchange items and information. Legasov knew he was being watched, so was using this as a way to give the tapes he was making to somebody else - could be media, or his assosciates in the nuclear program. He puts the tapes there while pretending to take out the garbage, and someone comes to retrieve them at a later date.
u/vredditshare
Bee Movie
u/vredditdownloader
If you can't see why this is funny you are pretty sad
u/vredditdownloader
and not everyone who has died had cancer
After Sekiro, the souls games feel like they are running in slow motion
I mean, it's still reacting to animations. Boss begins attack, push button when it's about to land. Not too different to me.
I think the patient in the research building says it, the one who has a questline. Saint Adeline I believe
*accurately picks the wrong numbers*
If one of my mates told me he had a micro penis I would have no fucking idea how to respond to that
Every scene is just so *dense*
...the economy is in shambles.
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
You never played Counterstrike as a kid?
DSP beat the game easily by just using Lightning Spear, so yes spells were far too strong.
I licked a public payphone receiver in chinatown for $10. Not just a little dab but a full l i c k
the outfit lmao
I think it's because the end game content in classic is so limited. After the initial couple of weeks of clearing MC, there's nothing really in the game to keep you playing so lots of people quit. Huge influx of players at the start combined with a steep dropoff shortly after means that there are lots of guilds about that are undermanned for BWL.
What about the helmet? It's completely exposed from the nose down?
Yep, tested that and it still lags. Having the taskbar in any form on the second monitor causes the problem.
In Sekiro you fight a boss underwater that is usually a nightmare, but being underwater makes him way easier. I enjoyed Sekiro's underwater sections.
Lean forward more and keep your feet apart and you'll get it
What tipped you off? Was it the giant letters saying BAKER?
Shantae!
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
"Cookies" means sodomy
Everyone is talking about breaking it, but this would be fantastic to just use with your thumb, if you are using a pedal with a keyboard or if you are shoegazing. Plus it's cute!
Whats a verdugo?
So that they stop believing in you?
I can't wait until POGs come back!
Rational thinking doesn't always result in finding the truth. If God existed in this context, then his existence would be an irrational thing. There would be no rational explanation for his existence.
Time for OP to start over
u/vredditshare
&gt; verisimilitude I'll remember that one
I mean it's Riverslide on their official website, their Facebook, their instagram, their [shop decks](https://www.instagram.com/p/BeTw4mCFtPV/?igshid=s564uif6tvb1), all of their promotional material and posters. But I'm sure a sign on the door proves otherwise?
[Is it, though?](https://www.instagram.com/p/BeTw4mCFtPV/?igshid=s564uif6tvb1)
I use inverted X axis in 3rd person games. It's very frustrating the amount of games that give you the option to invert the Y axis but not the X...
Yep, there's heaps of skills involved that can all be sharpened. Something to remember is that no matter what goes wrong, everything can be fixed. As long as you follow procedure, all of the big stresses are not your problem, even if it was your mistake :). Is there anything specific you'd like advice on?
It's the item's level that the guy in the original clip was talking about
Once you've beaten the game, it is astounding how many areas you can see from central Yharnam. BB's level design is unmatched
But if China claim that Taiwan is theirs, shouldn't they be the ones giving Taiwan aid?
&gt;And then pops out this guy who boils this kookaburra or fries a wombat. Yeah except this doesn't actually happen in Australia, but happens all the time in China.
Why would Michael Jackson tweet about Lebron
I mean, the only reason so many famous people die in small aircraft accidents is because you need to be rich to use one enough for the odds to catch up with you
Counts and BJ payouts are just practice. Sit at home with a deck of real cards and chips (use real stuff, not an online simulator or app - you can find chesp poker sets to buy for this purpose) and just deal hands... over and over and over again. Set out a bunch of bets and pay them out, even, then 3:2, then whatever other payouts you need to practice. Do them over and over for an hour every night. PRACTICE!
Knowing basic strategy is good for customer service, as you can give people advice if they ask for it. Other than that, there's no reason.
Actually Han and Luke weren't looking for anyone, they were on vacation. They just happened to go on vacation at the place where their kidnapped kids ended up... lol
Ah yes, two wrongs making a right
Like I said in the post, it's not the battles that are particularly gory (although some are). There are scenes that surpass any of the body horror in *Game of Thrones* as early as the second book.
I actually felt that Frack was a detriment to the tone of Battlestar Galactica, that it would have been better with either real swearing, or no swearing at all. It's probably a result of my cinema experience growing up; I have always felt that the way language was used had a huge impact on the feel of the film (or show, or book).
I'm sorry, what do you mean? What cultures am I showing disdain for?
I guess how I feel is that despite all of the fantastical elements in WoT, the feel of WoT is at its core very serious. There is intense violence, torture, rape... and in the books it is all treated very seriously. Counter to that, I worry that while the language works in print, it may not work on film and may result in a confused tone.
What culture uses otherwise innocuous words to form offensive swearing by simply removing the context?
A derogatory slur is not the same thing as a swear word...
One thing that is important to note when comparing WoT to GoT, is that book vs book, WoT is **way** more violent than GoT. The show feels more violent than WoT, but that's because of the added impact of seeing the violence actually occur. Imagine something as simple as a gateway killing someone in WoT. In print form it's easy to gloss over it, but actually seeing it happen to someone in a scene of a show would be horrifying.
Flair has been changed to All Print
Flair has been changed
I have no idea what that is.
I'm talking about this issue from a purely doylist point of view. It doesn't matter how Randlanders would interpret our swearing, because they are a made up people. I'm talking about how the language of WoT will effect the tone of the TV show when it is viewed by an audience of people who already have pre established interpretations of the language that will be used.
You're saying that there's no difference between saying "bloody ashes" or "fuck off" to your boss?
That's exactly my point. If someone from Randland was watching a show about our world, they would find our swear words silly and meaningless, which is the exact concern I have about the swearing in WoT.
You can murder a couple of kids and still be a good person. 20+ though and you're definitely a bad guy, and Palpatine needed Anakin to become a bad guy.
Easiest 'difficult boss' : Orphan of Kos. Took me five tries. Lady Maria and Ludwig kicked my ass way harder. All I did was just dodge into him on the right side and it seemed to work pretty well. Most difficult 'easy boss': Rom. Too many 1 shot mechanics, although I may have been underleveled.
&gt; Bloody is already used as a curse in the British influenced countries. I'm Australian, and I can tell you that it's not. Even in Britain, bloody would be like 'dang' or 'drat'; a word you would use because an actual swear word would be too strong. &gt; bloody ashes" would not equal "fuck off". What would?
Funnily enough, the black shirt she picked is pretty inaccurate
*Limitless paper, in a paperless world*
This is fake as hell
Strange that he didn't feel a connection to Leia if that's what he was doing though.
Is it that hard to just ignore them? They promote discussion of the game and allow the poster to express themselves. This game is old and has been mined dry by its community - what kind of posts would you want this sub to be filled with? If you don't like those posts just hide them.
Oh yeah, that'll make things MUCH simpler
Lilith is a God. Rei is a doll with the soul of a God.
There is no sentient being called Rei. Lilith is what is inside Rei, and that is why 'Rei' (the biological shell containing Lilith) is a Doll. The being that rises above the Earth in EoE is Lilith.
&gt;What culture uses otherwise innocuous words to form offensive swearing by simply removing the context? Is the question I asked you. I am *not talking about slurs*. You were claiming that I was showing disdain for other cultures because I said the swearing in WoT would be ineffectual when on screen, and I am still no clearer on why you believe that to be the case.
You know, for these keys I personally wouldn't do a shadow box. What makes these keys so amazing is being able to actually handle them- to feel the weight, look at them up close and really appreciate their physicality, that these cool items I remember from a pixelated inventory screen from my childhood *actually exist*. I would try and find a nice worn box with velvet lining that I could encourage people to open and get that same experience out of picking up the keys.
Interesting to see the numbers, thanks for posting this.
https://gfycat.com/deadexcitableelephantseal
Thanks, I appreciate the attention to the issue
bee cum
Yell "Don't flush!" as she rounds the corner
I find it pretty hard to get lost in Fromsoft games - Bloodborne especially is pretty damn linear. The only time I got stuck was in DS2, trying to work out what to do after talking to the Ancient Dragon, but even that didn't last very long.
Beating that last boss is an experience though... I don't think any other fromsoft game has given me a final boss that has required such mastery of all aspects of the game. He's probably the best final boss fight in gaming imo
The music is so crucial to getting that heart pounding feeling though, which is what makes Fromsoft games so good. I guess if someone's struggling it well help though... but at what cost?
Would you be able to explain a bit more? I don't know what you mean by "The effects are not same size."
that's a dog! &gt;:(
remember when classic wow was announced and people wanted to boycott it because it had layering
You'll win plenty, and lose plenty. Not sure exactly what you're asking here. If you're asking, "Am I going to win overall if I keep playing using basic strategy?" then the answer is No. No basic strategy, no matter how perfect, can turn a negative expectancy game into a positive one. If you're simply asking if you could be up at the end of a session playing that game, then absolutely yes. It's only the long run that will result in a guaranteed loss.
No. As I said: &gt;No basic strategy, no matter how perfect, can turn a negative expectancy game into a positive one.
lol
No amount of bankroll management will stop you from losing in the long run.
If you aren't card counting, then yes you are playing for fun. Never go to a casino to make money.
Yep
Players can bet whenever they like at my casino, they're free to place bets as the cards are being switched over before the burn.
It's always an option to go to kenhies twitch channel when he's live and ask him, he'll answer you.
Pyjamas under the gear, and a neck warmer. All I've ever needed.
&gt; Destiny's Child's oeuvre isn't telling a single story How do you come to that conclusion? There is plenty of serialized fiction discussed here that doesn't tell a single story. Destinys Child are as much a set of characters as any other artistic work of fiction. I suppose instead of trying to be creative and ask a question that hasn't been asked before and could illicit imaginative responses, I should have just asked another MCU or Avatar TLA based question? If there is any rule that my question has violated, then delete it or ask me to. If there isn't, then don't just be a killjoy.
I appreciate the effort you went to to synch up the notes
Remember you can also jump the channels on these amps, and blend the two to your liking. It opens up a few more options.
One way being more efficient to another has nothing to do with how you want to play the game. It's objective; if cheesing is faster than mashing r1 or using all the tools you have, then it's more efficient regardless of how you *want* to play. Efficiency is not subjective.
It works on my Tone Master Twin, it should work on the Reverb too. Try it out and see!
By 'it works', I mean that there are no phase issues. They obviously decided that the jump phase issues from the original were not something that people would want to have replicated in the Tone Master.
&gt;2 make sure there's sufficient money to give the cops social work type training Where is the money going to come from? Your idea should be more of a "redirect funds from [this form of government spending] to the police in order to insure...". You can't just say "give them more money", that's not how things work. &amp;nbsp; &gt;4 ensure cops police the areas they live in and never otherwise This is impossible. If there are no recruits from a certain area, how are you going to make it be policed by people who are only from that area? &amp;nbsp; &gt;5 Not allow the cops to have guns on them at all times This works in countries with strict gun laws. The US has horrendous gun laws, which means that access to firearms for criminals is relatively easy. For this idea to work, it would require radical and fundamental changes to the US constitution, which is almost impossible in the current US climate. &amp;nbsp; Good ideas on paper, impossible to put into practice in America.
Yes, but we aren't talking about Western Europe. We are talking about America, and you might have heard that gun ownership in America is a little bit different to that of Europe. So yeah, it could work in America... if you change the underlying laws regarding gun ownership. Which they have been attempting to do since Colombine. If children getting murdered in their schools isn't enough to get Americans to change the gun laws, do you think the BLM issue is?
I actually agree. The least appealing thing in a metroidvania to me is how any one individual room challenges you - it's way more about exploration, completionism, build variety etc - the 'big picture' stuff. A roguelike mode in Bloodstained doesn't really make a lot of sense to me.
Thanks, my car insurance is with RACV so I was leaning towards them for simplicity sake. I'll get a quote.
Why's that?
Cheers!
31+1
yep I've been subbed to him for ages, he's great
That ain't a motorcycle.
u/vredditdownloader
Hazard test is something you do once, before you are put on the road. If you did it to get your Motorcycle license (which you should have if you didn't have a car license) then you shouldn't need to do it to get your car license (and visa-versa). Definitely call them and ask though, as this is an unusual scenario.
*sees strange BLM pedal they don't recognize* "Hey I like your tone, what pedal is that?" "It's an OCD I repainted." "Oh, okay!" *goes out and buys an OCD* &amp;nbsp; See the issue here?
You know what would have been better than repainting an OCD and selling it for charity? Selling literally any other brand of pedal, and donating those proceeds to charity. Or selling ANY product that isn't a Mike Fuller one. I'm not saying that what they've done here is bad, it just undermines the idea of a boycott to encourage circulation of his pedals (regardless of what the paintjob is).
Will it damage the guitar? Maybe. If it's wedged in there, you're creating a shim. This is applying pressure to a place where there isn't supposed to be any, and will eventually over time force these two planes apart. This can put your neck out of alignment. Will this actually happen? Probably not... but what are you actually gaining by keeping the pick here? A couple of seconds of convenience when on stage? I just wouldn't do it. Keep your picks in your pocket, or if you *really* need them to be accessible then jam them into a non structural part of the guitar, like under the pickguard.
I mean, this kind of proves the point that you shouldn't do something just because SRV did it... Unless you have a professional guitar tech with you at all times that can fix your guitars after you do stuff like this to them...
The original speedo would still be there, just want a digital readout for better visibility.
That's pretty damn clear, thanks!
Yeah, it wouldn't be for precise speeds, just something to have in my lower periphery to let me know if I'm inadvertently speeding.
I'm a member of /r/shittybloodborne and /r/Simpleflips and somehow this has appeared in /r/mirrorsedge
To the average person, lane filtering and lane splitting is the same thing.
My jeans disintegrated when I fell off my skateboard once...
Find places to go. Maybe there's a new place to eat somewhere a ways away, or a local tourist sight that you've never considered visiting, or friends or relatives. It's not the destination that matters, so it can be anything. Next time you feel like a coffee, go to a cafe that's way out.
/u/vredditdownloader
His major point was this: *"Every two games Leon comes back."* Let's have a look shall we? 1996 Resident Evil 1998 Resident Evil 2 - **LEON** 1999 Resident Evil 3: Nemesis - No Leon 2000 Resident Evil Survivor - No Leon Resident Evil – Code: Veronica - No Leon 2001 Resident Evil Gaiden - No Leon Resident Evil Survivor 2 – No Leon Code: Veronica - No Leon 2002 Resident Evil (remake) - No Leon Resident Evil Zero - No Leon 2003 Resident Evil: Dead Aim - No Leon Resident Evil Outbreak - No Leon 2004 Resident Evil Outbreak: File #2 - No Leon 2005 Resident Evil 4 - **LEON** 2006 Resident Evil: Deadly Silence - No Leon 2007 Resident Evil: The Umbrella Chronicles - **LEON** 2009 Resident Evil 5 - No Leon Resident Evil: The Darkside Chronicles - **LEON** 2011 Resident Evil: The Mercenaries 3D - No Leon 2012 Resident Evil: Revelations - No Leon Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City - **LEON** Resident Evil 6 - **LEON** 2015 Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - No Leon 2016 Umbrella Corps - No Leon 2017 Resident Evil 7: Biohazard - No Leon 2019 Resident Evil 2 (remake) - **LEON** 2020 Resident Evil 3 (remake) - No Leon 2021 Resident Evil Village - ??? Times when Leon comes back after a single game break: **2** Times when there is either less or more of a break between appearances: **4** ...so yeah. The other "point" being made is that he... "feels like" he should be back and that there is a village in RE4. Complete garbage.
The link you posted has nothing to do with what we are talking about here. We aren't talking about whether a gap in the neck pocket effects your tone, we are talking about whether or not jamming something into the gap that is already there could harm the setup of the guitar - which it *might*. It **probably won't**, but it **could**. As for *fumbling around* on stage... are you 'fumbling around' when you take your keys out of your pocket, or your wallet? No, you just reach in, and take out a pick. It's not difficult, it's what pockets were designed for. If you have trouble working out how to use your hands to take a pick out of a pocket, I'd love to hear your guitar playing.
&amp;nbsp; ^^speedo ^^font #G P S F O N T &amp;nbsp; Which one is easier to read at a glance? It would be cool if you could be a little more constructive, but thank you anyway.
Yeah, I've been to heaps of gigs and immediately thought less of the guitarist because he keeps a pick in his pocket. You're insane if you think it makes you look amateurish to take something out of your pocket on stage. I wasn't attacking your playing, I was saying that if you have the manual dexterity to play guitar, then you are perfectly capable of getting a pick out of your pocket without it looking foolish.
World of Warcraft, by a huge amount.
&gt;I rely on my mind as the first line of defense against death/dismemberment, not tech. And what if something happens that is not predictable via observation? Your mind is your first line of defense, but it's silly to not let tech have the second or third. ABS only kicks in when you've fucked up, so a rider with perfect control should never notice it. Where's the downside?
&gt; The same can be said of wrapping everyone in the world in ten layers of bubble-wrap, too. That's a false equivalency. If you're wrapped in bubble wrap, you can't move as well, you can't breathe as well, you look stupid, etc etc. ABS has zero effect on the riding experience unless you are in severe trouble. There are lots of reasons to not wrap yourself in bubble wrap (including purely superficial ones, which are still valid), but there are no reasons to not have ABS, except maybe if you enjoy doing stoppies (which would be unlikely for someone riding a scout).
People these days to seem to care less and less about brand loyalty, which could work in HD's favor if they took that gamble. I bet if HD came out with a cafe racer that actually performed well and was affordable, it would be marketable. There's a good amount of people out there who would get a kick out of the looks they get when they tell people their little bike is a Harley Davidson. A big gamble is the only way to save HD, and the stuff they've tried so far has been too 'safe'.
&gt;I know what I'm talking about. What I'm trying to understand is exactly what it is you are talking about. Why do you feel like ABS takes control away from the rider?
u/vredditdownloader
It's kind of a cool idea that you can only check the map by visiting a specific map room, you'd have to make your own map and remember where you're going. Great way to play!
I ordered a blank off ebay, and a shopping center watch stall was able to cut it no problem. Can't see why Bunnings wouldn't be able to do the same, although they likely won't have the blanks.
They really need to upgrade their fighters...
because warm is the opposite of *cool*
not really when you think about it
Do you have a source for that? I thought it was this way, but can't find it written anywhere
Yeah
Like [this](https://i.ibb.co/7r1z4b0/Screenshot-20200629-200035-Maps.jpg)
Do you have a source I can quote for that?
Perfect! Exactly what I was looking for, thank you!
I've been driving 16 years, and have always waited for all lanes to be free for the reason you mentioned. I was looking to see if this was a specific rule or not, as Vicroads don't mention it.
The actions of other players do not affect your chance of winning or losing, or your expected losses at the end. This is a very common thing for new players to get upset about, but at the end of the day the card to come out after this lady played her hand had just as much chance of being good for you as being bad for you; if her play had caused you to win instead of lose, you would have forgotten about it two hands later, but because it caused you to lose you remember it and associate it with hindering you directly. With all gambling, it is important to understand how your psychology works against you so that you can ignore stuff like this and still have a good time. Let people play their own hands however they wish; it only affects their chances of winning, not yours, and the point of the game is to have fun, not to make money.
What I am saying is not my opinion. In standard (i.e. non AP) blackjack, the actions of the other players have no affect at all on your chances of winning or losing a hand. Players using bad strategy are **just as likely to cause the dealer to lose, as they are to cause the dealer to win**. This has been proven over and over again by many different people doing many different simulations. As thorough as you believe your studies on the subject are, unless they encompass hundreds of thousands to *millions* of hands, they are not useful for determining probability.
https://possiblywrong.wordpress.com/2011/02/13/card-puzzle-part-2/ Note also that of the references you cited above, the **only one that mentions other players' actions** says this about it: &gt;TAKING YOUR BAD LUCK OUT ON THE DEALER OR FELLOW PLAYERS &gt; They are not the cause of your losing; most likely it’s just a bad run of cards, which happens to all blackjack players. So even your own reference disagrees with you.
https://casinowhizz.com/site/can-other-players-affect-your-success-at-blackjack/#:~:text=Simply%20because%20it's%20based%20on,players%20%E2%80%93%20not%20their%20own%20play. https://travelzork.com/truth-players-decisions-blackjack/ https://www.888casino.com/blog/blackjack-strategy-guide/blackjack-myths-exposed http://www.blackjackage.com/blackjack-myths.php etc etc etc etc. You want to know why there is no PHD thesis I can link to? Because it is a non issue. The thesis titled "Do Other Players Hurt Your Chances At Blackjack?" would be two letters long: No.
It's better to play DS2 first. You will be more patient with the problems of DS1, while being able to appreciate the great things about it even more.
I never said that basic strategy hurts your odds. Playing basic strategy reduces the house edge, and increases your return. What we are talking about is whether or not how the other players at the table play effects your chances. The answer is that it doesn't. Their play effects their chances only, not yours.
Using or not using basic strategy does not make the house instantly win or lose. You can hit on 18, get a 3, and beat the dealer's 20. This is terrible strategy, but you beat the dealer. Does that mean you should do that every time? Basic strategy is simply the mathematically optimal play to make in any particular situation. It's simply, the Dealer has X, you have Y, what decision in this situation would result in the best return for the player? That is all there is to it. Your theory about basic strategy causing the dealer to win or lose makes no sense, because what if exactly half the table played by the book, and the other half of the table didn't? It's a mind boggling interpretation of what basic strategy is. If you feel the desire to actually learn what basic strategy is, how it works and why it works, and why other players' actions don't effect your chances, then you should read this book: https://ijmp.org/2020/05/28/the-blackjack-zone-2005-pdf/ (hey, the guy who wrote it is even a phd!)
If you don't want to read the whole thing, page 99 specifically addresses the effect of bad players at your table.
Service is Fluids, filters, chain maintenance, tires, as well as any specific issue that might have arisen. If you have your bikes manual, it should have a page telling you what maintenance needs to be done and when.
Yep, this is an Australian company that sells nice looking bikes for super cheap, they accomplish this by sourcing parts from lots of locations and having them built in china. I would say that they're not really a bargain, but not a rip off either. You're buying a cheap chinese bike, that looks the part but doesn't really have the power, fit or finish of the established brands. Of course if you're a new rider you might not value any of this stuff that highly anyway. They're okay for beginners, but you would probably be better off buying a used bike that is a known quantity. But if you're after a cafe racer specifically, that's going to be hard to do since that style of bike is pretty new and thus hard to find used for cheap. Really, braap are kind of just LAMS fodder. You buy it while you're on your restrictions, get bored pretty quick and immediately start looking for something bigger and nicer. Completely up to you if you want to go this route, just don't think you're getting a $6000 bike for 2k, despite how it looks. It's a 2k bike for 2k! I definitely wouldn't pay the supposed $4500 MSRP for these things.
When cornering, there is a built in way to tell you are at the bike's limit: the foot pegs. If you feel (and hear) that foot peg scrape the road, you're right at the limit. Note though, that skidding and low siding can occur before you reach this limit, depending on the conditions you're riding in. The foot peg is the limit in perfect conditions.
One thing to mention, is that your bike will idle better with the choke completely off than with the choke set low. If you're starting your bike cold, put the choke up and let the engine run for a few minutes, then gradually turn the choke all the way off. If you leave the choke on low, your engine may start to sputter a bit.
The actions of other players does affect what happens, but it doesn't affect the *chances* of what could happen. In your example, the player hits and pulls the 10, and the dealer pulls a 9 to win. But what if those cards were reversed? The player would get a 21, and the dealer would bust. The exact same actions lead to two completely different outcomes, and the only thing that actually changes the outcome of the hand is the order in which the cards come out of the shoe, which is random. When a player that is not you hits on their hand, all they are doing is taking the next card out of the shoe. Whether or not that is a good or bad thing is dependent only on what that card is, which is random.
&gt;But what if those cards were reversed? But they weren't. In the specific example you gave, the player playing bad strategy caused the table to lose. Before having knowledge of what the cards were (as in, at the moment they decided to hit), the chances of their decision being either positive for the table or negative for the table were exactly the same. They could have drawn a number of cards that would be good for the table, or a number of cards that would be bad for the table. Knowing after they have drawn that it was a bad outcome does not change what the odds were before they decided to hit. &gt;All they are doing is taking the card out of the shoe? So then you believe order and things like order don't matter? What 'order' are you talking about here? The order in which people hit does not matter at all. You could go from box 1 to box 3 to box 2, and the odds are going to be the exact same as going from box 1 to 2 to 3. The cards are different, but the odds are the same.
If you flip a coin, and blink twice while it's in the air, did the coin land heads up because of your blinking? What if it lands heads up 4 times in a row, and you did the blinking trick every toss? Does that mean that the blinking works? This is what we are talking about. One thing is what happened, and another is what the expected result should be. You should always make your gambling decisions based on the expected result, not the specific result to any one particular hand. The person playing bad strategy effected the hand, but did not effect the odds, and the odds are what matters, not the result of the hand. The example you gave is not useful in regards to future decision making.
When did I say basic strategy was stupid? Basic strategy is the penultimate tool in blackjack, second only to AP. Basic strategy is not based on past results. Basic strategy is based on mathematic probability, which is the 'fictional reality' you were so quick to disregard before.
You asked a question, but the answer you received didn't line up with your personal beliefs, so you have disregarded it. Just because something is not the way you expect it to be, regardless of your own personal experience, does not mean that is not the way it is. What I am saying is not my opinion, or 'random shit', it is simply how the game of blackjack works.
&gt;ps if you were at a table and another player kept making bad calls and affecting the outcome I know you'd move tables in a heartbeat. Why do you think I would do that? Because *you* would? Moving tables would accomplish nothing, and I wouldn't move because I understand the underlying principles of the game, which is that the other player's decisions have no effect on my chances of winning my hand.
&gt;You can't beat the dealer if a certain player keeps feeding them winning cards That is true. It is also incredibly irrelevant to the reality of the situation. When someone makes a bad play, they are changing what card the dealer gets, but they are not giving the dealer just good cards. They have just as much chance of 'feeding' the dealer bad cards as they do of feeding them good cards.
