Netflix: Does something the fans have been waiting for ages. YeaH bUt iTS's nOt MY dUB. NetFlIx StOP RuIninG aNImE.
*Teleports behind you.*
Same, I started doing that this year. Present as early as possible, then just spend two classes sketching on my notebook or playing on my cellphone. It even works in your advantage since some professors go softer on the early presentations.
Edgy Mash.
Saber Artoria Pendragon. I've wanted my own Seiba since I started the game and have rolled for her in almost every non-GSSR banner she has had.
Double date with Achilles and Penth.
Jack - Arash - SupportAoE assassin - Mash - Kintoki (rider) and Jailter, I think. Kintoki and Jailter are just there for bond points, Mash for cost. Holy Night dinner on all but Kaleido Arash. That hellborn CE never dropped. Takes me 5 to 7 turns.
Thank God for the soapbars when both LB2 Caster and LB2 Lancer need them.
Hmm, is it confirmed that King Hassan is Saladin? I know in Strange/Fake Saber says that he met Fake Assassin's boss but he could have just meant "ruler of Arabs" or something like that. Since King Hassan is the death of other Hassans, I don't see what he would be doing in the Crusade (trying to avoid specific S/F spoilers) Anyhow, I remember a dude around here who introduced his literature teacher to Fate/Zero and the teacher wondered why the author would choose Diarmuid over Cu, without knowing about Stay/Night.
Yeah, but that's on the Urobutcher.
Yeah! You should spend Christmas with your friends.
From left to right: Luloco, Ichigo, Akko, Ryouko, Zero Two, Rikka, ~~Panty (?)~~ (edit: as pointed out) Niko, and Diana. I love these kind of reunions!
Where's my CE! I'm 5 hours Short of the end and it has yet to drop. (EDIT: Haha, got it, suck it RNGesus). I love Jailter and it pleases me to finally have her. Real life got into my farming so this is probably the worst I've done (like 10 or 11 boxes). Ishtar also ate my SQ with no retribution and now Musashi will have to wait for next year. The story was very cute, specially the labyrinth chapter. Asterios is so fluffy.
Oh, that makes more sense, since MAL says Panty&amp;Stockings is by Gainax too.
About a year from now.
Opening the boxes is half the grind, as well as juggle with your free space as you try to find a way to keep it until a double date for super/great success comes.
Gudako is the VI Beast confirmed.
There's a stream on Saturday, I think, so I hope we will get some cues then. I dream of a "Christmas at Emiya's" but that will likely not happen.
Professor James T. Series.
Rie's face, I just can't, Evaporation of Sanity EX. What's with the Lahmu, though?
I've had Tsukihime on my PC for the longest time but I didn't have the mood to pick a VN. Finally I started it at the end of last week and played through Arcueid's route. It was very enjoyable, despite its age. Arcueid is both badass and a cute airhead, really went up among my favourite Type-Moon characters. She's funny but can also be sweet or serious. If she comes to FGO I'll bleed SQ. Shiki, though, I didn't like him as a protagonist, I prefer Shirou. Shiki's power feels very One Punch Man, specially because, unlike Rhyougi, he doesn't have sword training or anything like that, so he should have gotten mauled by the first enemy he met. I also find Shirou a more interesting character, Shiki just seems to act out of some sense of responsibility with Arcueid, or outright thinks with his dick. However, I found it interesting how some motives are present in both Tsukihime and Fate, like how the protagonist is nerfed by a headache, often described in both VNs the same way, [Tsukihime and Fate UBW spoilers](/s "or how both Shirou and Shiki end up facing another version of themselves."). Both VNs also have chunks of Slice of Life, but I think Fate does that better. Fuji-nee is also a better comic relief character that Akihiro.
Reminds me that Albert said a while ago how a guy in AniExpo knew so much about Type-Moon lore that he got hired by Aniplex. Now hire Eiri so she can draw Gramps Lily.
"- Hahaha, I've finally found you, Daji. Now, prepare to feel the wrath of the Empire!" "- Woof". *Not actual TL*
Yeah, I thought the mother's death would have broken the relationship between Misha and Yasuhiro, and that that was what had led her to call him by his name instead.
I was expecting either Misha or Kamoi to lose the towel, which would have Misha running away as fast as possible.
It's not completely wrong. I actually didn't know anything about FGO. I would see it mentioned sometimes in Apocrypha's episode discussion but I didn't wonder about it until I saw a r/grandorder post on r/all (about Taneda Risa's recovery, I think). I had just bought a new phone so I gave it a try by posting a question outside of the help thread.
A free ruler! Neat.
NAVIDAD
Yes, Barbatos, known for dying quickly in JP.
Sent you a JP request, IGN: Arclight.
Sent you a request, IGN: Arclight.
I like Tsurune. It is not just full of pretty boys, it is very relaxing and kind of heartwarming with how coming of age it is.
I'm getting my ass kicked in the 2nd quest of the 15th chapter of LB3, the one where you fight a bunch of mobs with the most annoying buffs ever. I tried with two Alter Egos at the same time (Mecha and Passionlip), I tried to focus on casters and I tried an unoptimized Valkyrie+2Skadis team to no avail. How did you manage to beat this quest?
Ok, I'm mostly fine with animation, it looks like those PS2 Saint Seiya videogames, they will cover Ikki's arc which I found boring but it should pick up when they get to the sanctuary. Now, WHY THE FUCK ARE THEY FACING AN ARMY!!!!! THIS ISN'T FREAKING INCREDIBLE HULK WITH EDWARD NORTON AS SEIYA!!!! THE WHOLE POINT IS THAT KNIGHTS HAVE TO FIGHT FOR THE SAKE OF THE WORLD, IF YOU'RE GOING TO THROW THE ARMY THEN WHY NOT NUKE THE SANCTUARY AND BE DONE WITH IT!!!! EDIT: It may be that it happens in the original and I don't remember it.
Changing Shun's gender makes zero sense, if you're going to do it then give her a mask to keep the lore.
They're hard but you should be able to clear them as you progress in the game, leveling more servants and such. The trouble is more with new players that have to rush the story when requirements aren't just "clear Orleans".
F
Schelotto had a fallout with him after the semifinals, apparently Cardona wasn't putting the work to deserve to play the final.
I hope Barrios will be able to pick up the pieces and stand up after that red card.
Sure, no reason not to wait unless you are so clogged with them you literary can't play the game, or if your team is not powerful enough for Babylon and you want to finish it so you can play the next story chapter (which should be coming in a week or so).
My first thought was that you lost that game where you go from one finger to another with a knife.
Stephen Miller January 1st. On Christmas Eve he will be visited by three spirits, who will make him understand the true meaning of Christmas.
She will have the bond bonus she has with her own master, if that's your question.
After.
No, sorry.
I felt that way during Nerofest.
Agree, I think the amount dropped in these early quests is great, and the fact that they focus on a single class makes them much more easy to farm.
That Akiha Giantdad pose. Who can be that sweet yet powerful masked beautiful onee-san?
[I'm ready!](https://i.imgur.com/57gcR3M_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&amp;shape=thumb&amp;fidelity=medium)
We got your average everyday demon pillars, the difference is that we will fight them one after the other (different quests, of course) and each will have a class, like rider or saber. They drop a lot of QP and ascension mats, which makes them awesome. The format will be raid, which means that you can battle each pillar as many times as you want until the player base combined has made enough damage, which will be represented in its healthbar.
Phil Jonesinho.
Oh, there's a Mother Harlot datamine!? Nice, I can't but imagine a great design. Apparently the Moon Cell is in India so we might get to see some of the Sakura five soon. EDIT: Among all the servants that are to come, the kings of the lostbelts are probably the ones I'm more curious about, specially India and South America.
Oh, that explains the login issues, it was more than just a new banner. EDIT: Of course, we won't get the SQ until the 20th.
Hahaha, I've been waiting for it too. I think there's a Cygames event in a few days so maybe we'll finally get a release date.
The last two episodes have been great, I'm glad this picked up. The New Light girls are all cuties, specially the one Touma was chasing (Lasser?) (edit: Oh, and the blonde smug one in the op, she looks like fun). I also hope we get to see more of Index soon, like doing something mildly useful. So a blonde princess dressed in red acquires a flashy powerful sword and now rises in rebellion? Is this A Certain Apocryphal Fate?
It was hype seeing Amakusa again, I love those joint operations moments.
[Here are the others characters.](https://mobile.twitter.com/fgothestage/status/1073544884957507584/photo/1) There's both a Gudao and a Gudako so I wonder how that works. EDIT: 2/10 no Jaguar Man.
The new Aimer song sounds great!
Balckbeard is that dude that kidnaps the PPG once to keep them as figures in a box.
Minami is great and I'm glad to see her in more and more roles. Hard to think that the same VA for Lily is Marie's VA in Kakegurui. She will have a super busy 2019 too with the two Fate Grand Order Camelot movies.
Super happy that she has the health to go back to performing live. I always feel sad when I think about her. Had she not fallen ill she would be on the forefront of a super successful franchise like Fate Grand Order, alongside other works like Shokugeki no Souma.
Hokusai has been great in these last two, Penth and Bunyan didn't stand a chance.
One step closer to my dream.
He wrote Last Encore, I think, a script from which the anime was adapted.
I mean, if you told us your team, levels, how far you are, we could answer that. These kind of quick questions are better suited for the help thread, which you'll find on the front page.
Man, those orcs are terrifying. Rimuru will have to either kill them all at the same time or put a crazy amount of pressure on them so they don't have the time to eat the corpses. Even worst, he'll have to face powered orcs due to Gabiru's gabiruness.
"What is doing Pau Gasol there? "
This is slightly better than our lovable Qanons who think every misspelling is a secret message confirming that Obama will be executed or something.
Yep, I think there's one in Bogotá too, or at least I think the embassy has one.
Both Tolima and Junior are beyond screwed.
Ah, I've used some SQ trying to get Bra, nothing too big, just a few yolo rolls. Last one, the lancer silver card turns to golden! My mouth dropped at the sight of... Liangyu.
Oh, which reminds me that they marked tomorrow the 18th as the day where tide turns and the storm comes (just like the other bazillion days they have pointed at) because a judge will give a verdict on Flynn's case.
F Chitose.
The wiki, I guess. [This is the one coming](https://fategrandorder.fandom.com/wiki/2017_New_Year_Lucky_Bag_Summoning_Campaign) at the end of the year (it's based on the Japanese server, so for NA you have to add two years).
Catharsis animated.
Specially the ones near the end!
F Aoi Yuuki.
Yeah, I'm not its biggest fan but probably the only ones I wouldn't mind retaking their role would be Will Smith and Margo Robbie (well, apparently Jay Courtney was fine in it but I didn't know him before). Jared Leto would have been fine if he tones done the whole "damaged" thing.
As a non-STEM dude I feel like if I went to one of those meet-ups I would be caged and thrown tomatoes at as the clown of the village.
Idk, everybody loved Kanye until he subbed to r/The_Donald.
Capital flight wasn't really a problem until the 90's. For example, the Latin American industrialization by import substitution program collapsed on its own not because of foreign investment but because of States contracting debts that they weren't able to pay (see the 1982 Mexico default). Gotta give it to Chomsky that Asia faced a serious financial crisis when foreign investment increased, but it was also a product of its own creation: companies saw themselves protected from bad investments because they counted on the State saving them from bankruptcy, Asian banks looked for capital in international banks to fund these companies, and when these companies didn't make their payments, and banks went the same road, foreign investors pulled their investments, which made the crisis worse. However, the IMF ended saving these countries, so in the end they too had to bend to the IMF's will (with some degree of Independence). There's a great documentary about this called *Commanding Heights*. There's also a book by Thomas Oakley about the matter, *International Political Economy.* EDIT: Plus the IMF doesn't really give loans at will, its purpose is to allow countries with deficits to have a lifeline so they don't go under. The World Bank does give loans for projects and infrastructure. Moreover, the three conditions you mentioned were also follow by Latin America: little to no foreign capital (foreign loans only taken by the States), dictatorships (Videla, in Argentina, Stroessner un Paraguay) and companies benefited by State policies.
Death, taxes and shitting on DS2.
Everybody knows games need a rythm mini-boss.
I know I have a friend who will NP5 and I'll burn with envy at every chance, yet still I will use it a thousand times.
"Ok, see you tomorrow."
Basically "I withstood with your shit until ISIS was done, now go fuck yourself."
F server.
Huh, I expected Skadi. I guess Japan really digs Izou.
I don't think we'll learn anything about the anime, [since there will be a New Years Fate Project TV special on New Years](https://twitter.com/FGOAP_ep7/status/1074953492953849856). Probably will be saved for then.
Man, if they decide to do a Da Vinci banner during this off week before New Years it will be a bloodbath.
I don't like the original one, it feels like I could get the same enjoyment from the book if I flipped the pages very fast. It doesn't add anything new.
Seiba nurse.
It's Cute Girls doing Maid Stuff, or are you implying Midorin isn't cute?
Erina's VA, Kanemoto Hisako, is on a break so maybe they'll sit this year and we will get an announcement for 2020, although, yeah, with those sales I have my doubts.
The coach was quite critic with him after he had a bad match against City.
Doesn't that make Medusa a kijo?
Il y a toujours l'oncle de gauche qui se bat avec celui de droite.
You know how you marinate meat in beer? Well, that.
Inuyasha is no one against Shion.
"My son has really been bothering me to play this live so here is for you... *unreleased song from Origin of Symmetry*?!"
Kanté on BlacKKKlansman 2.
I wanted to downvote Pique, though.
I need that ember super success soon.
Yep, there was a TIL about it a couple weeks ago, but everybody was like "hahaha, Brazil poor huehuehue".
Does it just not show up, or are you able to download it but the phone throws a error with like "the app couldn't be updated"? If it is the second, then look for where QooAp downloads that file (on my phone it is android/data/com.qoapp.helper/files/download I think). Delete the FGO pack that should be there and redownload the update. It should work now.
Oh, thanks! I had forgotten how the anime had just skipped the 4th floor. Damn, would have made for something great.
It's crazy how star-studded this anime is, like most if not all of them are big names.
Specially because the more you wait, the higher the chances that you will be locked out of events, since DW is really pushing the players to get caught up quickly.
Good job, Batman.
Maybe the girl wasn't following her cycle very well and they had sex on her fetile days, you only need to have sex once to get pregnant of the days match, it doesn't matter if it is your first time. Very good odds.
Skimming through it with Google, it looks like an interesting discussion, hopefully someone will translate it properly. Since it takes half a year to design a servant I imagine that the beginning up the year must be quite hectic in preparation for the summer event, which always releases quite a few.
Needs more "majestic wild in some lost park of some lost US state".
Hey, if it influences beauty then I'm for sure following her. God knows mine needs some heavy influencing.
Wonder if Sezima (Zezima?) is still around, these huge accomplishments remind me of him.
[JP] This might be a somewhat difficult question but which command codes would you use on Herc to make him better? Trying to finish Sin but the last chapter is hitting me like a truck.
I'm super disappointed with that last New Light member because the opening made her look like she would play a big role or be super scheming or something. Instead she got like 5 minutes of screentime getting saved by Touma. I hope we get to see her do something.
That sounds more like the plot of an Abridged episode.
"I'll fuse my spell card with my monster!" It was so dumb.
TFW Interview with Monster Girls is the closest thing we'll ever get to an Arc-centric anime.
Is there enough LN to make a proper 10~12 season?
Yet.
&gt; Yep, your current line-up is a good starting point, you'll be getting more servants as you get more Friend Points, which are free and easy to get by. Currently there is the Merlin banner, which is perhaps the most sought after servant, accused of breaking the game. If you really want to focus on gameplay, roll for him, although it is by far not mandatory and he will come back at the end of next year, so you can always save for then. If not then you can just see which servants you like and save for them. &gt; About leveling servants, the most efficient way is likely to do the Chaldea gate --&gt; daily quests --&gt; ember gathering that uses 40AP. Pick a support Herc or any berserker that is highly leveled will be able to carry you. &gt; You can use them as many times as you want with as many servants as you have. At first they won't make a huge difference, and you won't have many useful ones, but as events go on, as you roll with your SQ, you'll get more powerful ones.
Pewds Vs. T-series part 2.
Bet Zelrech will show up too.
Oh, should have opened that.
I've been watching The Devil's A Part Timer and, although it is a fun show, I'm a bit disappointed in that I expected it to be much more comedic. Granted, I've only watched like 4 is episodes but I thought it would include more of Maou and co. struggling with the real world and the differences it has with where they came from. Instead it involved more action than what I wanted. Maybe it'll pick up later.
I hope that short is translated soon, it looked absolutely hilarious.
Wonder who's the other one. Eresh?
I wanted to pre register for Madoka but failed to get Tunnelbear to work to get a Google US account. I hope Madoka's NA version won't lock out players outside of NA like its JP does.
It may say "users and accounts". [Here's the guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/magiarecord/wiki/installation) on r/magiarecord.
To expand on the second question, you can't walk into a LB because there's a blizzard wall surrounding each one (or light wall for LB6). That's why we need Imaginary Numbers Dive. Lostbelts were timelines that developed themselves through millennia, but only in 2018 were they anchored into the FGO timeline.
No, we did go through Imaginary Numbers to access LB2. We flew to Hawaii for the summer event, but that was before it became a singularity.
Finally, the prince who was promised! LB4 is real, guys.
Yeah, when they focus on it they can make some serious quality animation. Shame they only care about Boruto.
I blame that on Kadokawa and the fucker who decided that it was better to fill 8 episodes with filler than just the 15 good ones.
&gt; Silver Link. Laughs in Prillya 3rei.
Wonder what the reception will be like for S2, given how poorly received Sword Oratoria was.
I'm fully aware that my sister is all the hopes my parents have, both on economic as well as family hopes.
Idk, from the mentions I've heard of grails I assume we use the high magic energy contained in them to power a servant's saint graph, more or less like ascensions. Through which process, idk, maybe something Da Vinci created.
I don't think it is that meaningful, because usually when I build a team that goes beyond class advantage I focus on card types, so if I'm bringing Jalter I have little use for quick up, or if I'm bringing Jack I'm probably not worried about buster buffs. I think 2030 or Prisma Cosmos are better suited.
Seems rather early if they intend the banners to last until AniExpo, so I guess Agartha will come on the 21st, as the other redditor said. However, odd that the stream is in the 17th instead of the ~20th/21st, I thought they used to hold those on the same day a new story chapter was released.
And the threads, oh God the threads. We'll need an emergency rant thread when the chapter goes live.
Ogata is the cutest, but in the Nariyuki bowl I hope Takemoto wins.
As befits of childhood friend.
Probs not, why rent a venue and organise all sorts of things when you would have to do it all over again the next week for AX? Waiting a week is hardly a difference in the great scheme of things, and it's five more SQ and a ticket that I can save for Sherlock.
#WASHI KOSO GA DAI ROKU TENMA OO ODA NOBUNAGA JAA!
Riderin is a very adorable nickname.
You can find the transcripts on "event translation" on the sidebar. For Let's Plays, there are probably some, I know G&amp;A reviews has a number of events.
I hope they at also animate Merlin's plan, because I think that was cut in the theatre play.
The best part about that is how he tries really hard for a Spanish accent. Lovable doofus.
I can't wait until post match threads need tiers too.
Yeah, Central should be more than enough for 12 episodes.
Since the manga arc isn't done yet, I figure introducing Batsubami was a way to have some sort of small plot that they can cover in 12 episodes.
I can't imagine that someone's addicted to LinkedIn. You probably want to leave that ASAP.
I for once am all in for Sakura Tange to narrate Life of Nero from Suetonius.
[Honestly...](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/425/163/bc9.png)
How long was it?
Death, taxes and a new season of Prisma Illya. I'm super happy about it because the manga gets really really good after Oath Under the Snow.
Season 1 was very fun, but I felt that season 2 opened a bunch of plotlines that it never resolved, especially with Ebina and the new girl.
A youtuber's last video was a rant about Umaru. He hasn't uploaded since.
MAN, I SWEAR, IF LB4 ISN'T RELEASED RIGHT AFTER THE STREAM, AND IF SITA ISN'T IN THE CM. EDIT: AND THE BANNERS BETTER NOT BE AS LIGHTWEIGHT AS LB2 THAT BARELY HAD NEW SERVANTS. YOU HAD TIME, GIVE ME CHINA'S AMOUNT OF SERVANTS!
RemindMe! 5 years
If France is destroyed and without its true monarch, be in London or Paris, the French Revolution never happens, Louis XIV never happens, colonisation happens differently, etc.
Same with Paolo Guerrero, they all last super long.
Did he try to Panenka a free shot?
Ugh, yeah, it's a very low angle.
Yeah, but he also looks like the guy most likely to be annoying when drunk.
If he's anything like Hinako and only joined Chaldea so he could rayshift for his own personal interests, I agree with the theory that he is some priest or even ancient god that wants to return to the age of gods. He's one of those that Marisbully recruited in his travels, instead of poaching him from the Clocktower like Kadoc or Kirschtaria. Marisbully recruited Hinako because he believed if anything would be able to survive a rayshift it would be a True Ancestor-like being for their high resistance, so if he brought Pepe then it should have been for a similar reason. The wiki, which I know it's not very reliable, says that he was a freelance magus, so perhaps he was looking for divine magic. Wonder if he ever tried to join The Wandering Sea. It would make sense why he joined the Alien God, if he intents to bring the age of gods back, although it is interesting that he neither pushed for the expansion of the Lostbelt, nor did he destroy "the cube" in his Lostbelt. Apart from Peperoncino, and since Ashiya will be in this LB, I want to know more about Ashiya's boss, "Satan Who Art as Lucifero" and how it all came to be.
If he's a berserker then he must have some craziness, some level of madness enhancement. I also wonder why he wanted to summon an archer back when he worked for Chaldea. It could be that him, as Krishna, wanted to summon Arjuna, because that's the Ghita pairing, but why would Krishna have madness enhancement? It could be that that skill comes from urging Arjuna to kill his kin, based on some judgement of Arjuna's nature, but that still seems weak as madness enhancement. I feel that, if he's a berserker, he won't be one at first, but as we progress in the LB something will corrupt him.
Finally releasing Ooku's song!
Cutie!
Moon Cell confined? And what happened to BB? I need answers!
Rama's animations are lovely! Arjuna looks like the quincies from Bleach.
So much stuff! Also Nezha is back, nice. No Sita, though although among so much stuff it can be hard to recognise servants. No Sakura five either.
Yes,y body is ready!
Still in her journey, it would be hilarious if she shows up right after we have destroyed the tree.
Plushie monkey Arjuna servant when?
That's what I've been doing, but I can't see Sita. There's a shot of Hinako Ganesha when Pakoserker (?) throws a rock, right before clashing with Rama.
I hope at least she's a NPC, but I sucks to not be able to summon her.
I have no idea who hooded man is, even now that we an see his face.
Seriously? Man, I need to roll for Indian Renji. EDIT: Maybe someday.
Huh, I imagined there would be some kind of temple covering the Moon Cell, like the ka'bah in Mecca. I can't wait for the translations, I need to know how it came from the moon to India.
Yeah, it's not a very difficult or long name.
&gt; It's against school rules to buy sweets on your way home. That's a very odd rule, how can you even enforce that?
Giving Kurisu a 50% chance to win the Yuigabowl is so weird as an anime only, I see the boundary between student/teacher as something very hard to break.
Always thought it was a Seiba with Excalibur.
So much for Dantes' inferno black flames killing him. I hope it's not just a coincidence.
Oh, Vizcarrondo doesn't play anymore? I liked him.
Yep.
And Sitonai, although hers is probably an unfinished animation at the time. Plus Bryn shared the gacha with Sigurd, so Karna should be allowed to share it with Pakoserker.
Yep.
Thanks, Fox News.
"Guido Messi", sasuga Caracol.
An Argentinian journalist.
How did they let Messi receive so deep?
Well, fuck, Muriel broke something.
Something broke with the slides.
Not more corruption than the other Latin American countries. It is only dangerous in the rural areas, sadly, but the cities, especially the main ones like Bogota, are safe.
Come in Zapata!
Duvan, the yellow card! Why!!!! Also, GOAL!
Ospina and his haunted gloves.
Yeah, Hina above Anzu and Hitomi is odd, she was almost always considered below the other girls in the threads.
Chaldea needs an HR.
Baby powder.
Damn, Cardozo still plays? I feel like dude was already old in my Fifa'11 save.
One thing is certain, if we thought that we could beat Argentina and just steamroll Paraguay and Qatar we were very wrong. Those two matches are going to be as difficult as any.
Menem laughing in his rocketship. (*Turkish* in Colombia covers basically the whole Middle East, since many immigrated here during WWI when the Ottomans were the political authority).
Closest thing to Guardiola that isn't Luis Enrique.
I was very dissatisfied when the FA announced him because all I knew about him was that he was a defensive coach and I thought that would be boring. I was speaking from ignorance. The first friendlies we had against China and South Korea were also disappointing because we lost to SK without much brilliance. The matches against Panama and Peru painted the team in a better light, but we knew the following matches would be a lot harder, especially because Peru lost a player very early in the match. After yesterday I trust Queiroz a lot more, especially because not even with the team at its best did Pékerman defeat Argentina. There's a lot of work to do, and it is too early to really assess his tenency, but overall I'm happy with Queiroz. He has made odd choices, like fielding Medina over Arias or playing Cuadrado in the midfield with a defensive task, but it worked yesterday.
Come on, Ecuador, get into the game!
Reading the summary under the sidebar, it seems as if her sixth sin is relinquishing her humanity. It isn't very clear, tbh.
Praise X-F!
[You can read this here, for spoilers concern](https://ff.reddit.com/r/grandorder/comments/8alahx/about_the_lostbelts/). If singularities are specific moments in history that diverge from the main human timeline, Lostbelts are the "what if Chaldea's never corrected those changes" and humanity reached a point in which it can no longer evolve, for one or other reason.
Yey, more Sherlock tickets!
You can get her at any time in the Japanese server, but in the English one she's two years away.
Yes, emulators work with both NA and JP versions. We can't know at a 100% that the NA game will be still around in two years, but if it is then it is likely that we will be getting Jinako at this time, +/- a couple weeks.
Sent request, IGN: MattAlter.
I was sure there was going to be a scene where it would be just Teleportation against Teleportation like a weird game of Jump the Frog.
However pijama Tanya is really cute.
But no good strengthening, FFS.
Scheherazade sucks for anything that isn't her niche. If you're not fighting a queen/king then you're better off bringing anyone but her. She later gets guts for all allies on a skill, which is nice, but eh.
Venezuelan Automatic Review.
Oh, I thought it was "wise but pure grace", like something religious from those nutjobs.
They're just regular story chapters so the first Lostbelt will be available as soon as you clear Solomon (well, there's the prologue first). That's for JP, of course, NA won't have Lostbelts until this new years, and the first one won't release until April. For specific questions like this, feel free to use the help thread.
What about Tamaki? I assume she's the starting playable character, how does she fare as a magic girl?
Queiroz prefers Medina.
Yeah, I hope Atleti won't sell him.
Why do people not like Euphie? She just wants peace.
Nope.
Reminds me of this thread where a guy claims London's Emirates Stadium is a no-go zone, to which a guy calls bs, takes a bottle of wine and records himself walking around the area with it. EDIT: Dude deleted his account, [but The Independent wrote about it.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/trump-london-no-go-zones-radicalised-woolwich-reddit-video-a6766511.html)
HELLO I AM BARACK OBAMA, DON'T PAY ATTENTION TO MY ROBOTIC VOICE, FUCK JESUS.
Azucat ganbare!
So many Type Moon girls this round, I hope at least Illya and Saber make it through, but Shiki is probably dead already. Also anxious about Azusa Vs. Yuki, I hope there aren't many Haruhi fans around today. Favourite design, idk, I have always thought the quincies from Bleach have a pretty attractive look, as does bankai Ichigo. EDIT: [No bingo yet](https://shit-taste.net/bingo/atropicalpenguin/), but I don't think Gab will survive her next round.
But Hitomimatsuri!
Nice, Japan!
Yeah, I usually save them for events just to get the three stars CE, but it's not super important, especially if you will just roll in the event banner.
Amazon Prime.
And one would expect it to be followed at least by Type Moon if it is real.
Just watch as people complain that we aren't getting 30 Moe SQ in AniExpo (aside from the 80 that come with the singularities).
Don't underestimate people's ability for outrage.
It was the same in Shinjuku. Had Archer not shown up we would have fallen to our death.
QSH is a beast of a soloer with a crazy NP that makes him crit like no tomorrow. That NP is also spammable due to his battery and NP's crit buff. His first and second skills are great for stalling. QSH is really really good. EDIT: [Here's his MMM review.](https://www.reddit.com/r/grandorder/comments/a3rtcy/mmm_feathered_fiery_fascists_fullgrown_foal/)
Apart from DM, it is generally agreed that Jeweled Sword Zelrech is a great 3* CE.
* r/Anime got me into Fate. One day I was browsing r/all when I ran into a thread about Taneda Risa's birthday from this sub. At the same time, I had just gotten a new phone, and Apocrypha's discussion threads were filled with FGO references. It all lined up. * Fortunately, the NA server had just been released, so I didn't struggle with the language barrier, and eventually I got a JP account too. I keep going in part because I already invested almost two years on each, with my servant rosters, and on NA because there are servants that I'm saving for, and in JP because I need to know how the story ends.
Last Order against Emilia is just not fair. *Kanpeki Aru, ganbare Aru.*
And watching it *suuuuuuuubbeeeeeeeeeed*.
Sorry, I'm barely a casual player. [Perhaps you may find help on the basic thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuelLinks/comments/c1o2vt/rduellinks_basic_questions_deck_advice_and/) and [you can check for ideas by browsing e heroes mentions in the sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuelLinks/search?q=elemental&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all).
Or fucking spellbooks with ten different spell cards that take half an hour to finish.
# DON'T TELL YOUR FRIENDS ABOUT THIS GAME OF THRONES GAME (+18)
Diaz may as well not have a left foot.
But we can't lewd the megucas! It's not what Homura would have wanted.
&gt; Greatest anime adaptation of Pacific Rim. It isn't even faithful to the source material.
China did so I expect we will. I imagine Aniplex will act as if no one knows who the culprit is.
We did!
MFW Android doesn't become a mahou shoujou.
Yeah, I wanted to save for Kyouko but Madoka, man.
Characters and Memorias, which I understand are like CEs.
Rumour is that Kyouko was push ahead and is also available, which makes it three OG characters. F wallet kun.
I hope he gets another chance with us. The only time he coached the NT we had had an awful run in the qualifiers and we ended up missing the 2002 WC on goal difference.
Thanks Moriyama, I'm fine with your cute Eon, I don't need him to be swole.
Gucchan, you're a cutie, but you will catch a cold.
With new students! There's nothing I want to see more than Motoyasu getting bullied by Tanya. WTF I love Kadokawa now.
I mean, Eromanga Sensei mentioned Spice&amp;Wolf. Hopefully something NGNL some day. EDIT: From a quick Google search, Slime is published by Micro Magazine, of which I can't find the owner, and the manga is published by Kodansha, not Kadokawa.
[Actual real results of that match.](www.reddit.com/r/onetrueichigo)
Wonder how Kawasumi's contract works. Is she a PR figure with a yearly contract, or does she get paid by presentation? No wonders she is rarely in anything not Fate nowadays.
TBF I read the story and everything. My internet connection wasn't very strong so the 1.5 initial download was quite an ordeal.
Born with a heart full of neutrality.
We're in this ride until Uruka wins!
I hope it ends up as Almirón and Pellegrini goes to Europe after good seasons in the U.S., and not like Ezequiel Barco who was hyped as the next big thing but has not made a breakthrough into the European market.
There was maintenance while the stream was ongoing, which was kind of annoying because the stream started later than expected so maintenance lasted one more hour (with apologem, of course).
It's also a way for everybody to enjoy characters without being a whale. That way you don't need to have Mami to play with her.
Weird flex but ok.
Nice to see Sakura win. She may not be everybody's cup of tea, especially after HF1 and HF2, but I think she's an interesting character that was well done in her story.
Oh, how salty I was when she defeated Illya. IDK if there had been a Oregairu rewatch at that time but its characters did quite well.
Don't underestimate the One Punch fanbase that always gets Mumen Rider far in the best boy contest.
Rice bowl best bowl!
Sí, si se puede tener una en Brasil se puede tener una en Colombia. Rural villages are the dangerous parts of the country, cities are fine for the most part.
Makes you wonder how she hid those in her crypter design.
Wuilker! No, babe why!?
[Here's the list and where to clear them.](https://www.reddit.com/r/fgoguide/comments/c5nkak/_/es3h75i?context=1000)
MFW geordie Donald is going to take my job.
Jeanne, a couple weeks after I started playing in September 2017. It came at the right time because I had just finished Orleans relying a lot on the story support Jeanne. Consequently she was also my first servant in NA to reach bond 10.
I think I have rolled in every banner where she has had a rate-up and I have yet to get her. If we ever got a free 5 stars ticket I would pick her, no questions asked.
[Your taste](#moeshitarcher)
Vegeta has seen some stuff.
Hmm, according to the sidebar the translation remains in progress.
Would you say it was two stay nights. (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
On the other hand, I thought [Romarinho](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romarinho_(footballer,_born_1990)) was going to be the next big Brazilian star. He looked so good for Corinthians, absolutely destroying Boca in the Libertadores final. I was sure he was on his way to Spain or Italy. He signed for a Middle Eastern team and was never heard of again.
Yeah, but I wonder if the meta will set on 2 or 3 circles.
At this rate Anniversary 2021 will be at the Budokan.
Use Invincibility + Taunt on turn 1, there's really no point in saving it. because the idea is for Chiron to trigger the guts on his NP.
There's a reason isekais are so popular. Unfortunately for Subaru, he's in one where he wasn't given any advantage. At least Kazuma has his luck and Tanya her magical abilities.
Kirara Withdrawal Syndrome, I can't live without my yuri undertones.
I got Space Ishtar. I'm fine with her, she was one of the ones I wanted. I was aiming at QSH and Maoubu, but I would have probably rolled for SIshtar on NA as well so cool. I ran out of embers, though, so she'll have to wait a while.
Contactless is so convenient. In my country we got them maybe two or three years ago and it honestly scares me how easy it is. I wasn't too much of a fan of it because I thought it was an easy way for thieves to steal from me, but now I know every once in a while you're asked to use your pin number, so now I'm fine with it.
It's all about the money, money, you just the money, money.
Truly this decade's Wayne Rooney.
Good Luck, Charlie was pretty fun, I like the Christmas movie.
Yeah, but that was like ten years ago. :(
Orcust.
The animators went above and beyond with the bootylonia this episode.
"But who camps the camper?"
Allen playing in every position here.
Yea! Come on, Buffalo!
That Time Wizard would be such an anime moment.
Literally the worst possible results today.
And I think you can also see the wharf.
Literally 5D's Divine/Sayer's plan.
[You can find the answer on the help thread's FAQ.](https://www.reddit.com/r/grandorder/comments/6ikpsd/hella_hella_help_thread/djc68zi/) [And here's if you're on iOS](https://www.reddit.com/r/grandorder/comments/6jcx1y/guide_how_to_make_a_us_itunes_account_without/).
[Ritual Beasts are Shiranui's worst match-up, according to Clan Wars](https://www.duellinksmeta.com/clan-wars/#deck-records).
Shitpost on national tv.
That dress looks so uncomfortable.
I have an overabundance of lancers but no single leveled one is male, just clay.
Oh no, I thought he had played for Juve.
Taking my watch off. I don't need to know that time it is when I'm home (mostly because my phone is nearby) so taking it off for me means it is the end of the day and everything after it is free time.
I have always thought that Diamond Dude is a silly name.
Skadi overabundance is a real thing. Some of my best DP Sare arts servants and finding a support Tamamo is so difficult.
Eri didn't take number 1? Nice. Also lol at Ishtar having a higher seed than Mashu, that's the power of r/OneTrueTohsaka right there. And all Fate girls are inside top 20, which is quite a good result. I expected Ushiwaka to have a higher seed than Da Vinci due to episode 8 so that one's surprising. I hope she can defeat Scheta, even though they both had my favourite episodes of the season. Neither Ana nor Siduri made it in, I thought Ana could edge out Da Vinci but oh well. Siduri didn't have a lot of screentime, which is a shame.
Siscon sister is very funny, I love how jealous she is.
Maybe the prismatics will be purchased with real money? Idk, I don't trust Konami's kindness.
Hmm, maybe against RitBeasts, because they like to keep their cards banished. I'm not very familiar with their effects so Idk if they can defuse in standby phase, then once in battle phase, when the opponent can no longer use the skill, fuse back. I would still run Sealed Tombs against Shiranuis because their effects activate when banished and not while banished. You would only avoid Sunsaga's effect, and that only if a synchro is banished, and Solitaire's, who returns a banished tuner to your field, which is important for the combo. Sealed Tombs stops them from synchroing in the GY and stops them from activating effects that banish. So yeah, I agree with Op, I guess. I agree that I don't think it will see any play in tournaments when Lancea and Poisonous Winds are a thing, and it won't see any play in ladder when it can only effectively counter a single deck.
Even better, McDaniels to the Browns, takes Brady with him, Mayfield's pissed, rescinds his contracts and signs with us. We win our game against them with a great performance from Mayfield while McDaniels gets very frustrated and Brady thinks perhaps spending the night with his wife and children is better than this.
Hey man, we got Reich, everything is fine. Looking forward to McDaniels 0-16 next season.
4/4 for the Fate girls coming out of round 1, but Mashu Vs. Enterprise is such a meme gacha wars.
So much for Unlimitied Blade Works. I guess since Heaven's Feel is ending this year then maybe Sugiyama has some time to voice other characters outside of Sasuke and Shirou. Hearing his voice really took me by surprise. Kaede's noises are super cute, and I find it funny how she ate the dragon. The best part of this anime is that she isn't trapped in the game, which honestly it's refreshing to have a more chill approach to it than life or death situation. EDIT: "So I can just poison them then stall" is my best Dark Souls move.
Nah, if I see someone trying to reach for something even slightly above their head I'll pick it up as I dab over them.
I'm just waiting for Konami to release so many of these cards that they'll inadvertently break it. Or not, in any case Waifu tax already makes it super expensive.
What a prosperous 2020 roll. I failed to get Melt and instead got NP7 Kiristugu (ugh), and today's Musashi banner gave me my second Fionn (which seeing how much I've needed him on JP I should probably level him after Christmas), my second Jeanne (stall memes intensifies) and finally, after failing to get her in JP, last year in NY and Shimousa, [I finally finally got Musashi.](https://imgur.com/Smp7j83) I expect to fully level her after Da Vinci's rerun.
Expect this to come true in 2025 when Disney buys Type Moon.
Thanks for the translation. He would be a pretty badass servant in FGO. I wonder about the extent of which he sustains himself with the people he dragged into his NP instead of Tsubaki's magical energy.
Should have started with Prototype.
She went from Saber to Berserker pretty quickly. I wonder if Reines and Musashi would have a good relationship.
TFW ahora Transmilenio es el mejor medio de transporte en Bogotá. Que mierda, ahora salir en las noches va a ser más molesto, Uber era tan conveniente. Alto negocio el del Estado con las multas a los conductores borrachos.
I adore how European teams are starting to act like South American ones panic hiring old figures. I'm looking forward to Napoli under Maradona.
I hate it so so so much when the subs translate the honorifics.
TFW the immutable future is changed by changing the past. Sasuga Eri-chan!
Again? Poor guy, his knees are made of ceramic.
Muriel is getting sold after this.
Same, at least until we get a new banlist.
"Lolinci".
Oh, it's the yearly "ask for Tsukihime" campaign. Also those Mystic Codes look cool, hopefully good skills.
Jesus, they made this rumour ten times more creepy than in the game. That last scene was so off-putting.
2 whole gems, \#ThanksKonami.
Yey yey, I can read old chapters again. So much stuff to get caught up in. *Rereads that one manga anyways.*
It continually does, or well, the server does. The bind code is more like a key to access your saved data.
No, Mashuuuuuuu! Oh well, there goes the eggplant. When the contest first stated I thought Eri would win. Now I think it'll be Ristarte, seems like the strongest girl, although Pansy and Shouko had shown a great performance. I don't think Ishtar will defeat Ristarte.
You think you have it bad? Think of all those youtubers that haven't slept for the last 48 hours just to get the scoop.
I didn't know "to mirandize" was a verb.
What do you say? That you want more soul eaters? Oh, we have more soul eaters. I hate them so much. Two years ago, during the JP rerun, I had just started the game and the only way I had to farm this node was to borrow a friend Merlin and stall my way through it.
&gt; Needing an atheist matchmaking website in fucking 2096. r/Atheism in shambles.
Arash (Kaledio)/Zerkelot (SoC MLB)/Spartacus (HNS MLB)/support Waver/Abby(SoC)/Mash(SoC) Arash (Kaleido) nukes on W1, support Waver comes in; Waver uses his skills, plugsuit for Abby, uses her first skill, Zerkelot NPs and gets a bunch of stars; Spartacus uses all his skills, Abby uses her second one, Spartacus NPs and I hope either he or Zerkelot crits Jeanne. The issue I see is that Abby may take more stars than I can afford the berserkers not to have. I could replace her with Helena, but I want that double bonus and I also want bond points. I think I could 4T if I give Spartacus a SoC, I would need 20% charge from Abby. I think 4T is manageable, but I will have to check if Spartacus' damage wouldn't lose a lot from not having HNS.
I'm ready for arts farming, I just don't have any arts dps.
I was super scares of doing it because the ball was kind of hard.
Babylonia Field of Ries is your best bet.
Marie became a darklord, then Joan deserves an archetype.
The apocalypse is the ultimate gore hentai.
&gt; Blackbeard retweets images of his fetish. "You have been banned for violating our ToS." &gt; Mordred has followed Artoria Pendragon. &gt; Artoria Pendragon has blocked Mordred.
[Here, in his Re:Zero in 8 Minutes video - Anime Spoilers -](https://youtu.be/IuyxcKsFWhI?t=117)
Yeah, I was hoping for Endeavour to show up and have a fire Vs. fire battle.
I only watched Tsurune so there isn't much point in voting here, but I'm glad it is getting some recognition, since it was mostly overshadowed by Run with the Wind during its season. It's a compelling show, with a good cast and the animation one expects from Kyoani.
And Babylonia entering its final arc. Should be interesting.
Oh God, she's sticking her tongue. Onee-san ganbare!
What a good episode! I love the train scene, it's so well-done. It's great to see how Ui's mystery is intertwined with the story, like how her roommates were also having a dispute, which ties back to the friendship ending rumour. I think the rooftop scene may be my favourite scene out of the anime I've seen this season. It had such an ominous feeling with the use of grey tones and the birds flying around, circling Rena like vultures. Her VA did a really impactful performance in that scene, I really felt for her. And we got to both see Mitama, who I was aching for because I find her design charming, and the transformation scenes, which, at least as far as I remember, much better than in the game (of course, storage is actually an issue there). My favourite, though, remains that of [release Homura](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2PftOfXHSA). I love anime's Rena. I didn't expect to see Mitama discuss Soul Gem tuning, that is one of the game mechanics that other adaptations would just disregard. As for the story, I don't think I ever got to the end of the chapter before dropping the game due to storage and irl commitments, but I think it was a good introduction into the game. I wonder about Kuroe, since we saw last episode that Iroha had been calling her. She is anime original, at least as far as I know, so the writers have a lot of freedom there.
It was to be expected, since the dub is owned by a different company.
Idk, from what I've seen of River he's more a super sub (which I think Gallardo said recently). The matches where he ha started he wasn't very impactful.
Anna when I get her off the ticket, because Babylonia made me love her and I want to run her in a team with her sisters.
Maybe we bully them into changing the designs like we did with Sonic? Because those look really disturbing.
Which was also properly wasted by the team.
*The monkey's paw curls*.
They'll remain 10/10/10.
I think the previous user was talking about Alaya, or humanity's will, which is a different thing, I believe. The reason why it doesn't go against Goetia can be that simply there already humans fighting against the threat, like the servants we meet during the singularities (like Ushiwaka or Leonidas). It does show up in other stories. For example, Emiya is contracted to it, as a counter guardian. Alaya is like humanity's last barrier of defence. EDIT: Alaya is also behind the Grand servants that fought the Beasts eon's ago, as outlined in London. EDIT: Inaccurate, check below.
Budweiser virus, however, will just give you a mild flu.
Idk, Fate made Yog-Sothoth a blonde 12 years old girl that loves pancakes and mashed potatoes ~~and she's a cinnamon roll that must be protected.~~
5 quid says his next tweet is the crime statistics.
Log Horizon 3 was announced a couple days ago, so I chose to rewatch it. I remembered how much I liked it, and how bad I want to play a similar game to it (I don't really have the time or monthly income to play WoW or RuneScape). I got a job so I will have less time to play games, which has me thinking that I may have to be very passive on my Duel Links account and prioritize what I want out of events in FGO NA and JP, so mostly the welfares and maybe CEs. If will also take me a while to go through story chapters in NA. I'm not too worried about LB1 and LB2 because you don't need to rush them, but Enmatei requires LB3 completion, and there's only about a month to clear the chapter before the event. It's decent money, just awful schedules (plus I have to work on Saturdays). I guess it will all be worth it once I have gacha money.
Ok, but could you tell me step by step what you've done? I assume it goes something like this: * Download update. * Press yes to "do you want to install"? * The install manager pops up, loads and fails at some point. If this is what happened, you should go into your files (Android&gt;files), enter the QooAp folder, go into files and there should be a FGO executable file there, which is the update. Delete and redownload it from QooAp. If that fails, [follow this guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/magiarecord/wiki/installation-jp), installing FGO instead of Magia Record. Of course, it goes that you've already checked that you have the storage available and so on. Also that you gave a bing code for your account if something goes wrong.
The story better be about Momo giving chocolate to Narumi!
Schrödinger's pantsu.
Are millennials the new boomers?
The plane song broke my heart.
\#JusticeforGramps! I love this mix of entertainment and education (I didn't know Japan focused so much on its space program), and the well-divided focus between every girl. I think we saw each one, even Yuki, the teacher, develop a bit, except Ao, who so far has been mostly a passive character. Monroe is so adorable, and I think it is great that she's so focused on that dream. I'm looking forward to how Sakura is developed, since she hasn't found her thing yet. . Mira and Ao have now find their main goal to discover that asteroid, kind of like the girls from Harukana Receive wanted to play at the volleyball nationals or how the Keions want to play at the Budokan. Huh, I just realised that the girls from Yuru Camp don't really have a goal like these do. I'm surprised that there was no "sensei, which jewel would you like on your ring" joke. EDIT: Sakura said that thee's basalt on the Moon (or in the Moon?) I didn't know there had been volcanoes there! That's so cool! EDIT: Astronaut in Japanese is literally "space pilot" and I love that.
Yeah, I'm sucker for NP scenes, I had hoped that she would yell "Caress of the Medusa" when using her eye beam.
Yeah, people went in with the wrong expectations.
Yeah, I've kept up with the manga and I think there's enough for 12 episodes, although it would end on kind of a weird spot.
Eh, the randomised chance is annoying, but I just tend to autoduel him so at the end I don't care. I imagine it will affect new players the most as they won't be getting the extra advantage in beginner challenges.
So like Hinamatsuri with extra focus on Nita.
One for each name. There was this Argentine player called Iván Moreno y Fabianesi whose coach once gave him a starter position twice: one for Moreno and one for Fabianesi.
Man, imagine it gets announced during FGO fest, it will be so exciting.
I'm angry at all these costumes that we will never get in-game, like Mash's Babylonia dress.
Rerugen had such a Hinamatsuri moment, "why wasn't I blessed with this girl instead!"
Once in highschool a guy hit another with his hand and cut his lips. They had a bit of a fight there and were friends again.
Come back from work at 11 pm, sleep three hours, wake up at 2 am to check the news segment, go back to bed at 3 am after reading the shitpots, sleep 3 hours, get ready again for work. Such is the life of the master salarymam.
Konami is about as consistent on the hour it releases stuff as Yugi's deck is without the heart of the cards.
First week at work. I'm in training for the whole month, and so far my in training colleagues and I have done nothing at all but play Uno and ping-pong. The only work related thing we've done has been some meetings about the company, about their policies and some posters about that. It will obviously get much much worse when I start properly working, but so far so good. My only regret is that I can't have my phone on me, which means I'm considerably behind on Setsubun. EDIT: I learnt that I have zero improv skills.
r/patientgamers squad, I'm looking forward to buying a PS4 for the Soulsborne series, and I assume most PS5 games early on will be ported to PS4 as well.
In the end the pain and suffering that Goetia, Galahad and BB were warning us about is not actually the LBs but summer.
Thanks for the translation! I guess this is how Kadoc saw us at the beginning of part 2. Having Gordolf as the straight man is quite different for a change. Holmes is basically the same as he is in the game. Looking at the raws I thought Meunière grabbing his head was a backpack.
Yeah, CQ always demand Part 1 completion.
Look for the filter option that says "not selected" and toggle that.
Gacha everything but your rent.
No, Herc, you won't find eneloops there! And that Fran idol post is adorable, as is Bryn &lt;3 Sigurd. Why is there so much high quality Marie art? Someone at TM/DW really likes her.
I know FGO is a waifu collector, but I just find servant relationships to be adorable, like Cleo and Caesar.
She got lost on her way to the Throne.
Long Oryou to make her even longer. Peace, peace!
\\[T]/
Guda Guda Honouji --&gt; Guda Guda Meiji (the one we had a month or so ago) --&gt; Ongoing Guda Guda. You can find it on YouTube, or read the summaries under "event summary" on the sidebar of this subreddit. EDIT: The first doesn't seem to have a full summary, so YouTube will have to do.
Yeah, if your Chacha is already NP5 then the extra copies aren't useful.
If dragons = cats and dragons = bigger swallows, are cats swallows?
Yeah, it scares me that he has an interest on Mash, plus his LB is Camelot, so who knows.
Pepe, you're so kind and cool. It was lovely to see Jinako as well. So we can confirm that Fou is a male fou.
EDIT: I know I went more with expectations, but LB6 has been in my mind since Olympus. LB5 set up LB6 with a lot of mysteries. We now know who this Person of Chaldea is (more or less), but we don't fully understand his intentions or his nature. I'm not sure if we will be meeting him again in LB6, but it is still a lingering presence. For the overall Cosmos in the Lostbelt story, I'm looking forward to knowing about Beryl, since all we know so far is that he's dangerous, someone neither Da Vinci nor Mash wanted to talk about. I'm curious about who his servant is, since I think we now know who each of the servants showcased in the opening and trailers for CitL are. There's also the return of Muramasa after Shimousa, despite the popular demands for him to become summonable. He's Shirou, so he cannot be evil, so I want to know what his agenda is. Then finally there is what feels like a conclusion for Koyanskaya. She has been with us since the very beginning, and LB5 showed that she's closer to becoming a beast (Beast V, it seems). That links with the likelihood that we'll meet our fifth Grand Servant, be it saber, rider or berserker (for Daybit's servant identity may not be berserker as we learnt in the prologue). ChadOrion told us so, that ["when a Grand Servant is summoned, most of the time, there is a proper meaning to it."](https://www.reddit.com/r/FGOGuide/comments/eg7ds8/lb5_very_short_notes_section_24_25/) As for LB6 specific mysteries, a ton as well. Who's the king? Vortigern? Mordred? Will we finally meet Morgan? Will we have to fight the Dragon of Albion that Beryl promised Koyanskaya? Why did they lit the tree on fire? What is Salome doing there, if she is indeed the frightening princess Beryl fled from? Who will join us into battle? Will Arthur find his beast (and I my Aki Toyosaki servant)? Really excited for the new opening, which I assume will premiere at FGOfest, since it should be a very big thing.
Sorry, it was the "they" as neutral pronoun, because I didn't remember which it was. Xiang Yu hates Kiara and Moriarty.
Still got a chance, Ishtar summer (free servant) has a rerun in a month or so, and the gacha ones will have other banners as well. EDIT: Ishtar archer has one more banner that is Babylonia anime release collaboration, so when it comes to NA it may be held in another moment (like Thanksgiving).
He'll have to fight for it against Lu Bu.
Ouch, that guitar is way too real. I have no major issues with chords, but I'm convinced I'm like that guy in Phineas and Ferb who slept in a metronome factory and cannot keep a rythme.
Yeah, the summer version should get one in a week.
&gt; Proto Cu. And Diarmuid, while we're at it. Poor guy is so weak.
A good thing, early on you're supposed to get a lot of AP so you can play the story or farm for stuff (exp, materials, all in the daily quests) without being limited by AP!
I have always seen my orthiness as my biggest quality.
He and Erice must go to the same store.
No, he called Adamancipator a good archetype. https://youtu.be/c3UhngprSUg
LB1 so that Nobunaga can stop bullying Kenji Akabane (Kadoc) on his lack of anime appearances.
Maybe she can join Liz since she lost her Halloween events.
Opening 2 &gt; opening 1, vengan de a uno.
Please remake Medabots, everything before Damashii is perfect, it just needs a new paint job.
Time to get Rizu that win.
I guess Utopia will be the first XYZ added to the game, probably the cover card for the box.
Looks like she tried to bring her mother back but learnt about the Law of Equivalent Exchange.
Yeah, didn't he get Giggs shirt after he retired? That went to his head.
Ah, of course, it had to come. I've waited five years, I can wait another three months.
[Flooding the bathroom everytime he showers.](https://youtu.be/yWeMWD-Yagg)
Sadly it was originally announced for fall: https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/es5tre EDIT: [u/Isles0FMists was quite accurate.](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/es5tre/_/ff8d46s)
And a song with Chris Brown.
Or someone recognised her last name and associated her to the monster of the heisei era.
Oh, well, I have accepted that most games announced this year will not be cross-gen. I'm just hoping it won't be the case for Elden Ring.
At least Futoshi is happy with himself.
TFW the catcha loses connection twice.
Huh, TIL about a leaked Kawasumi servant. As for rider, Ghengis is the usual guess, but if they had to be teased before then Hannibal showed up in Requiem already.
At least she isn't Kawai, cheap Mugi rip-off asshole.
Circlejerk Vs. circlejerk.
Yeah, I guess we'll have a new banlist after the world's replacement is over.
I don't see how archer Jeanne doesn't have Madness Enhancement.
If we go by JP we may get the Pre-release campaign in a couple day, but it works for those that haven't cleared Anastasia.
Just in time for "when is the mini coming?"
Yeah, it reminded me of how enjoyable Anima Yell! is.
Gotta make those mana transfers.
There are story solo guides linked in this thread so you can clear them without having a strong servant lineup. It may require specific friend servants (you can try your luck in the friend thread linked on the sidebar of the subreddit) and you may have to skip the story segments (you can read them later in My Room &gt; materials).
Vote for Hululu, do it for Grape-kun. And also for Mash, cause she's best kouhai. And Karen and Alice, because cute English weebs. Wonder why Ainsworth is popular in anime, it shows both in Prylia and in Sakurasou Pet, and I think I saw another Ainsworth in a previous bracket.
Oh boy, nothing will go above the salt of best girl 3: [Finals](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/4r9hja/best_girl_part_3_saltdust_crusaders_za_finals/) [Winner](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/4rf5ee/the_third_best_girl_is/)
Honorary r/FuckRamos mod.
To me Ivan was the most surprising one, because it was a huge freaking electric mammoth on screen, with scenario change (that snowy forest in his NP) and effects all around. It was the first time I felt my bad for my cellphone. However, tbf, Arthur's animation update was also a quality jump.
Just in case here's a list of nicknames coming from the community: https://www.reddit.com/r/grandorder/comments/6oz6yi/beginners_guide_to_fgo_lingo/, which you can find on the FAQ on top of this thread.
Let's hope Netflix jail won't affect her too much (and if anyone hasn't seen season 2 they MUST drop everything and go watch it).
~ August 9.
World Cup or bust.
I'm not worried, Nasu has a tied control over the plot and the characters, and there is no chance everything will be wiped out in one LB like The Last Jedi did. I don't think he will be too reactionary to the bad critics LB5-2 received (especially because the praise came from what actually furthered the overall plot, as far as I've seen, and the fact that he probably planned LB6 months before Olympus went live). FGO survived its messy release, and if it survived that it'll survive anything (except maybe if the relationship between Type Moon and Sony/Aniplex go full Kojima-Konami, but I'm not worried about that).
Dark Souls syndrome, but hey, people came around to enjoy DkS2, so maybe TLOU2 will develop a passionate subset of fans.
That's Fifa 11 Legend Urby Emanuelson you're talking about. My whole career run with Milan was Emanuelson running down the side then centering to Pato.
B.B.PN, it's the stuff used at the Moon.
The engine update happens after this maintenance (as per the in-game maintenance notice), and LB2 releases on the 23rd. Everything is coming after this upcoming maintenance.
Sweeper to Cleaner isn't too bad, but Atlas Baby sounds silly, not that Rani isn't bae.
Oh, the salt is going to happen.
When journalists asked him why Pedro Leon didn't play, he answered "all you talk about is Pedro Leon, he isn't Maradona."
Yeah, or Linus Tech Tips. He had his children a few times in recent videos because he self-quarantined, but for the most part they only show sparingly.
I love Nadeshiko, but Vigne is the best demon girl.
Hmm, Chuunibyou is decently popular, and spite voting may start early this time. Not super likely, but probably better odds than gacha games.
Hey, Wataten is a cute and great "coming out of the shell" story. Certainly not recommended in this context, of course.
SAKURAI GETS MORE SHIT THAN SHE DESERVES WHEN EARLY CHAPTERS IN GENERAL WERE PRETTY UNSUBSTANTIAL.
WHY DO PEOPLE IN THE HELP THREAD LACK THE CAPACITY TO SCROLL DOWN!
"Are you sure you don't want to use your right to be silent, UKLAOP?"
Heh, people thought that COVID would allow Aniplex to host anniversary on the anniversary date, but what actually happened was that they host it on a working day. Although perhaps July 6th is a independence day holiday in the US?
Yeah, I expect them to go "we'll multiply those 3 by 10!" at the actual stream.
Desu.
Caster gets screwed by the 5 per series rule. In any case, she is happier with her hubby.
Jack should have Sure Hit or Ignore Invincibility as one of her skills, she's supposed to be super stealthy and caught her victims unaware.
Oh, I forgot and thought her second skill was NP seal.
Ah!!!!!!! That last sketch was hilarious. Poor Miko was bullied by everyone, and she looks so cute in every scene she's in. And WTF, did Shirogane and Ishigami actually wanted an ero-game! Lol. It was so sad to see Kaguya lose all her pictures, I was hoping that mayhaps she had forgotten about the SD, but fortunately her friends came to her rescue. I can't get over how cute Miko-chan is, her face when she was inviting Kaguya to take the picture, and her hair down. Cuuuuuuuute!
Mugi Vs. Aru breaks my heart.
Classic Digimon setup episode, we got to see the new Sora and Biyomon. Loved Greymon's digievolution sequence. Ogremon showed up again, so looks like we have our old comedy villain back. I find it hilarious that Sora and Tai just got on Birdramon and started flying towards the mountain instead of having 10 episodes of walking. Something can still happen to the before they reach the mountain of course, although I didn't expect Izzy to get eaten. Reminds me of Frontier.
I always thought it was a helmet.
There was a very interesting post a few months ago where a user explained why Spanish refs are always referred by both family names, something to do with a ref named Franco during the dictatorship.
In this Corner is such an amazing movie.
The only thing that can compete in number of opinions with Monogatari watch order is Fate, at this point.
I was going to write the same comment, then I read the analysis in the other comment. I had forgotten a lot about him. Which is why I shouldn't write the show.
This just shows how much a travesty is that we don't have Dekomori, Kumin and Sophia servants. DW is too scared of the Mjolnir Hammer!
Yeah, like all but 4 I've seen only today.
Halloween 4 spoilers &gt;!Sitonai also has her bear!&lt;!
Go figure, I had been blaming it on the dorito dust.
At that point CQs would have to become even more contrived to counter him, lol.
"A game I already pre-ordered and a platformer? Weakest month so far."
Argentinian legend Caruso-Lombardi.
Dos, tres, cuatro times!
Meh, I like their first two albums and mostly lost touch with them after the second, last I've heard they went on hiatus so that the front man could spend time with his family. I guess it gets old really fast when their songs are everywhere on the radio.
Huh, I felt like Raikou had a banner every six months or something.
Yeah, it's still a project. If that team was to play right now they probably wouldn't be super strong, but perhaps in a couple years, let the players grow and such.
Only Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links, where the grind is worst than FGO, the events are more repetitive, and the PvP meta hasn't changed since January. At least it has an auto function. I tried Magia Record when NA released, but I understood that I cannot play more story heavy gachas while balancing both FGO NA and JP. I'm still subbed to r/magiarecord, and found the anime very enjoyable, so I wish I had stuck with it. My phone's storage had other plans, though. I also like r/KiraraFantasia, but between the lack of translation and my salt over not getting Azunyan when she was released meant that I wasn't playing it often. Then I lost my account because I didn't know bind code expired every six months, and I don't really care enough to go through support. It had my Nene shark, though :(.
Honestly Saber is a really solid class, be it AoE or ST. Void and Sigurd may be a bit situational, but they excel in what they do.
[Heaven's Feel kiddo.](https://youtu.be/OMlEm5Ep2gg)
Ryko now doesn't target: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Errata:Ryko,_Lightsworn_Hunter
All of Franchouchou is getting butchered.
