For the EU or the US I think that's the law in the EU not the US.
It's got so many issues, for some reason the content on the website is better mobile seems to be manipulated somehow and repeats the same content over and over. Where as the website you can spend hours looking for things. The mobile app mins. There's something going on with it.
I think it's fine it would only be confusing if you add in snow giants and then make them live in the clouds and throw down hail.
I thought it was mildly amusing.
You know if you think about it this is us vs them issue. It's the environment vs. you issue. Is it will power and freedom that determines who you are or is it your environment and your genetics that make you who you are.
Russia
I'm confused I was told there was a coop component. So what does coop entail?
Ya it's called playing outside.
They're physically or digitally in the US. It's not just cause we're in China they're stealing everything drugs formulas, new medical tech, weapons, bombs, everything. Learn to read.
Well its cheaper in EA than in release so I'm going for it.
No, not unless a couple of years is considered soon.
Cranial pressure, damaged lymphatic system, lack of brain developed insulin as far as I know anyway. Cranial pressure prevents the circulation of the insulin and so does a damaged lymphatic system. Which is why head trauma can lead to an increase in MS results. Alleviating inflammation can help prevent MS from developing especially if caught early enough. Some others it's as genetic as diabetes. Wild guess but in about another 20 years or so these scientists will discover an unknown component in brain made insulin and it's interaction with the blood brain barrier. Along with it's byproducts. Unfortunately it won't cure anyone, but it will alleviate symptoms and prevent recurring episodes at least those who get it early enough. I noticed their on the right track with the 2011 research but looks like there hasn't been to much progress since. It's just weird form of diabetes in a round about way, but at the same time not. A cure would require a whole new type of medicine.
Ya I hear people make that arguement but I don't think the people making it are thinking it out. Eve has 3 dimensional space meaning hundreds of people can occupy a relatively small space. Atlas is similar but not to that level of scale. So there's no way Atlas will reach that level of size, not to mention they've already said they'd start locking zones ect,. not sure how that works.
I doubt they'll allow any water mounts because it would make the ship concept obsolete and destroy the whole point of the game. Even the air mounts are controlled by being temp tames.
Well I question your definition of a man then.
Ya I knew they were in trouble when I ordered a Oktoberfest burger and the chef made a sauerkraut reduction. Can you imagine a Oktoberfest burger with no sauerkraut. Beyond that the burger was a complete mess. It was the saddest burger I've ever had in my life. I had to talk to the bastard and he gave me it was a "reduction" sauce.
But then it was stolen.
Your arguements a little flawed. If you think the State determines the legality of marijuana it does not. That position is held by the Federal government not the State. However, its up to the cities, municipalities, and lower forms of government to stand up. The people are the change not any form of government no matter how high they are. If government stands in the way people need to vote put who's standing in the way. There's no limbo here at all it's three people who think they know what's best. Not the city not the state.
Last time I talked to a Chinese guy they still use VPN. The whole point is they couldn't be traced if you did it right.
Ya slavery and social stigma went away in 1800s. No need to block the poor from heaven just to prevent them from escaping their miserable lot. Maybe still a thing in India tho.
I honestly agree I fucking hate Trump but China needs an ass kicking.
Ya but your in an exclusive club that can charge what ever.
Well PMC is private military company, conservative logic would suggest it's power to the people.
So did Japan. The US also has to have approval from Congress for military actions.
Ya but how do you know its connected correctly O could be on if he wired it wrong and just hasn't bothered to fix it. I've done it before.
Well your wrong pull your switch off the light switch and flip it upside down then rewire it so on is off. Some switches close the circuit on both ends, the only thing preventing them from activating is the lack of a bridge or wires to complete it. So you can have the electricity running through the off side. Especially the older switches, and a standard I/O can be old enough not to have a setup to prevent incorrect placement. I've seen plenty.
What fucking morons would upvote something so easily faked there wasn't a single step in that whole thing that couldn't or wouldn't be fake. I don't upvote bullshit.
I just listened to my brothers gf bitching at him for 15 mins straight about this exact bullshit. I couldn't be with a woman who needed to be pampered, if I worked all day and my way of not murdering everyone on the planet is to shoot some guy in a game then leave me to it. Thankfully my wife knows.
Problem is there is no police for the rich. Police catch petty criminals because there's more police located in those kinds of areas. Hence why black people tend to be the most policed. You're not gonna find a lot of police up in Trump Tower ect,.
I'm sure he's going to "rehabilitate" some rappers like the Chinese.
Well honestly I'd argue how did they not give her any water in 8 hrs and why are they destroying sources of water on the path to the US. Even the dumbest of morons would know you need water after and during crossing a desert. www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/post-nation/wp/2018/01/23/border-patrol-accused-of-targeting-aid-group-that-filmed-agents-dumping-water-left-for-migrants/ https://theintercept.com/2018/01/17/u-s-border-patrol-systematically-destroyed-water-supplies-left-for-migrants-in-desert-report-says/ You're essentially killing someone and I'm sure she's not the first. Playing ignorant or pretending it's routine is absurd. The local police will often carry water bottles when they arrest migrants to give to them cause they don't want them to die. You're telling me ICE doesn't know this would happen? https://www.theguardian.com/global/2018/jan/26/scott-warren-no-more-death-arrested-migrants-water They're trying to kill them. You think 8 hours is a short amount of time, but its beyond normal for someone who's in the desert. There isn't a single person working in the desert including ICE and the military that doesn't have immediate access to water at ALL times. It would be against the guidelines and their trained to recognize heat effects in themselves and others. So your premise is full of shit.
Well you do realize they're two seperate types of play right?
They need to add a system that blocks reposters it's such a hug issue I mean once twice, three times ok but fuck more than that and I have to say pls stop.
It's not.
You have only one choice military.
I mean, probably half of them its their job and some of them it's part of their slavery or as they call it rehabilitation.
No offense but cheating is part of Chinese culture these days. They will do anything and everything to get ahead. www.washingtonexaminer.com/chinas-culture-of-student-cheating%3f_amp=true https://m.ign.com/articles/2018/02/16/99-of-pubgs-banned-cheaters-are-from-china There is no aspect of their society that doesn't try to cheat, religion, economy, medical, I mean come on.
You're confusing good mold with bad mold. Like if you eat a mushroom you don't go into full melt down.
Ya that shit doesn't make you that fucking high. Maybe some nos or some other gas.
Ya everyone finds cheats funny.
And brain damage which was recently proven.
Guess that explains the all time low of crime.
And now he d-e-a-d.
Cooling vests? Got any more info on that that sounds very helpful.
Fallout 76 is the biggest whore out of a franchise in history.
I think they have no choice at this point of they don't launch that game is dead. They lost a ton of faith in them as a group with that handling of the second delay.
Damn I'm an insomniac what now?
Putin directing his dog no doubt.
Ya Putin is and this benefits Russia the most. Thats one of the reasons we're in there to stop Russia from gaining influence in an oil rich area that they can use for war. Now with the US out of the way Russia can proceed with expansion plans. It's why General Mathis left. This weakens the US in one swift blow. Now if we have to come back it'll be more than Russian contractors we'll be killing it'll be a fully Russian integrated base of operations.
Wait is that why I feel like I'm dieing whenever I get sick. I just thought I had some back seasonal issues.
You know I bet 1 million dollars Russians are behind the antivax movement. It sounds crazy right? Think about it though you can't join your military if you're not vaccinated. In the event of a war there would be a sizeable force that would easily fall ill or be forced avoid military service to uphold their antivax. Automatically weakening any defensive force presented if they join the military due to desperation they automatically put their entire fighting force in jeopardy.
Understatement of the universe. I thought this was a bad fake or a fan movie.
Butt Pirates here we cum.
Ya their already covering for the next delay.
Ya this is the 4th.
This is almost 4 years old.
You know what that's good enough for me. I'm back in the buying camp instead of the wait and see camp.
You know there's Christian terrorists groups too right? Honestly I'm pretty sure Christian terrorists have blown up a lot more stuff than Muslims, at least that's how it is in the US. It's not even on TV when they blow something up. I mean here most of the attacks are by white christian men. Not sure where you guys live though. Your something like 90% more likely to be killed by a white Christian male than a muslim. So it really just boils down to racism rather than any function of facts. Again not sure where you guys live though thats how it is in the States. I know South Africa has a bunch of Christian terrorists.
That's so true but that also was true in the US. We weren't always morally in the right about anything. Many states still pass antigay laws and even have "conditioning" centers for gays where they're pretty much tortured. Change doesn't happen over night and the US actively gave rise to alot of right wing countries like Iran for example by meddling in governments. Just like Iraq, which gave rise to Muslim nations with Sharia law. In the US we have had laws passed based on the Christian bible, so it's not that far away if you think about it. Changr happens it just happens a lot slower when you're bombing all the children. They have a hard time growing up and making changes when they have to do whatever it takes to survive or take revenge. Check the Kurds out their Muslim, but their women are equal and even serve in the military at an even gteater equality than the US. Also yout wrong Muslims only commit less than 10% of the "terrorism" white Christians make up almost the entire rest of that percentage. Muslims get 100% of TV time and blame that's not the same as actually commiting 100% of it however. It has nothing to do with the Religion but everything to do with their skin color. No white terrorist has ever even been labeled a terrorist in media, it is so common you won't even see a bombing on TV.
Ya the bullets are going to fall down into some of the deadest free people.
Hand over your booty the Ass Pirate is here.
5th time not 3rd.
Smoke, as in to smoke the bugs out. Some people seemed to be confused by what that means.
Yes and it appears some skills can make you move faster.
Well they could have designed it better....aside from that there are TONs of stuff they could do if they had any form of foresight. Even now. Here's a few, instance the starting zone. When you cross over the instanced zones threshold into one of the other zonds you pop up on the normal servers. Queues. Remove players when they leave, their body stays behind and holds onto one of many spots so new players can't take their place even though their not in the game. Allow players to hit a button at the start of an character that says, "Stranded" allowing you to land on ANY island in the game alone at random. Don't put all your servers in another country and instead base the US servers in the US to help reduce the ping. Instead of an early access they could have launched a free beta version that would eventually be wiped. Allowing them to stagger the invites and properly test the server threshold. Which is easily doable on Steam. I'm sure I can think of many many more. I'd have to see their files but it looks like instead of using typical MMO code design their using a multiplayer game design which is leading to MASSIVE teleportation and lag. They can still fix it but it's incredibly amateur hour up in this game. Most MMOs keep things like movement on the client side for example so you don't teleport and instead your client tells the MMO server where you are in this game the server has to update and then report back to you that it received the information. Instead of just tracking your location when it can. This leads to all the teleporting your seeing in the game. They didn't design the game in anyway to be an MMO and it shows in the design choices. More likely the issues arrise from this being a copy and paste job from Ark a game that was never meant to be an MMO.
This game needs a minimum of 2 to 4 years of work but the problem is it won't happen because the very basic code needs go be reworked and it's very clear they just took old work and repurposed it. That old code was for a multiplayer game not an MMO and it very much shows. I honestly don't see how they can do it. There are design choices here that shows they have no idea what their even doing. So how can they fix stuff that they don't even realize is a problem. They have no experience in this arena and it really shows.
He's so weak he can't even stand up to his own kids.
He's very clearly a fucking stooge he isn't thinking about the nation or anyone else but himself he only sees dollars signs with a relationship with Saudi Arabia and Russia.
Savage...
D9 here we come.
-29 million investigation its the first one to MAKE money not cost anything.
What like this https://youtu.be/pkK_T_vz7cY
That poor bastard, hes a genuine actor, but last I saw him at a comic con dude looked very sad and pissed. Not one wanted a picture or autograph cause I guess no one knew he was the actor behind Smeagol. I felt bad, I almost got a pity autograph but GD they're expensive.
I volunteer to help repopulate.
There has to be a limit on incompetence right?
You should have to declare take over it should give a challenge timer X hours I suggest defender gets to choose a 3 hour time frame in the next 24 hours the attack chooses out of those 3 hours. During the attack no one can respawn on the island attackers or defenders. When one side loses all members on the island the other is declared victor and the base becomes theres. Alternatively there should be a point within the base to defend if destoryed it counts as a loss.
It should have been a free beta. You think they were trying desperately to get an almost nonfunctional game out before Christmas because they believed in the game its nothing more than a copy paste game with bad mechanics. It's not like they really did anything to the base game either. It probably took them about a week to make this game. I hope everyone knows that.
You don't have to have a high IQ at all it's all mainstream science at this point so any idiot can understand it. I'm sure many people watched the same Youtube videos you did. It's also btw incorrect science some of the stuff referenced is junk science. You have a huge IQ so you knew that, so not sure why I'm telling you. Dan Harmon isn't a genius he just has a firm grasp of popular culture aka the common man. The problem with science is that many papers are self published so anyone can write anything as long as they hold a doctorate and pay the fee. Unfortunately it takes a high IQ to know which ones are fake and which ones are not. The shows writters are not doctoral holders and it shows btw. If anything Rick and Morty in a funny way makes fun of people like you because they know the "high brow" science is actually science fantasy. Since like fantasy you don't need "high iq" for science fantasy either. That is the backroom joke though. It makes dumb people feel smart.
Is it weird there are zero examples of his fraud charges? It sounds like they got him on a technicality rather than any crime. Though you limited information available. "Falsifying" paper work, but there's tons of people out there who did the same thing recently and are still free. So it's kind of weird to me.
Trump used his nonprofit take in fund that way. Thats why its being dismantled cause it was illegal and not report as campaign finance money. That's actually worse than what this guys going to jail for.
I did. Once but I'm that kinda guy. You never get so much as a thank you so your not getting anything out of it believe me except a court date.
Wageslave training.
Anyone whos first thought was what this guy said should be beaten to death to make the world better.
Does this even qualify for this sub?
You sure that isn't the Russian side of Ukraine.
You might look backwards to see where your going while driving forward but normal people don't. When the cart in front puts pressure on the cart in back it will lift due to the engine being in front, it's physics.
Ya I know it really can't get much worse.
Op has racist eyes not every asian looks the same.
Jesus fucking christ makes me feel old, reminiscing about 2007.
Man if this is even remotely accurate Bernir would have no chance in a primary. We'll have to see closer to a primary. I too want him to win and change the US for the better. Biden would still be in someones pocket, unfortunately just like Obama was. I just want anyone who's not taking money from corporations but apparently it's the only way to win. That could be the thing we have no idea how skewed these articles are and whose ordering them to be made. Just like last time.
First suspect detected.
I mean it makes little sense even if some really held this belief cause this is the 3rd shut down just under Trump.
I mean can't really blame them as far as Americans are concerned theres 5 million American troops there with 10 different assault rifles in each hand some shades on, holy bible in the breast pocket and a whole lot of ass whoopin. They have no knowledge of international happenings and since reddit splices and copies other sources Redditors are equally confused. American's probably still don't know other countries are in Afganistan even now helping our troops. Almost zero reporting and it's likely due to Israel's interference in our media. https://www.haaretz.com/amp/opinion/.premium-why-israel-can-t-support-an-independent-kurdish-state-1.5449891
Oh shit EA done 180d. Lets buy us some shitty games boys!
Is it even safe in Egypt? I mean no offense but I see going to Egypt like going to China as a Canadian if you know what I mean.
The only shit Clyde gives is in his diaper.
Police will not in the US, because if a court case is called you can't use the camera footage alone there has to be a witness. That's the first problem. The second problem is all the driver has to say is he isn't sure who was driving the car. Camera doesn't show a driver. Boom case dismissed.
They wonder why they attacked the Chinese people at one point. One man's terrorist is anothers freedom fighter.
Ya for a short while as you adjust typically the first 2 weeks, sounds like this is long term.
So if Russia agreed with China that it would own the Middle East and increase their supplies of gas for war with the Saudi's help and China agreed to allow their moves in exchange for Africa so they could build military bases there, the question is who is the player for South America and when do they push for Europe. Or are they working to convert Britain? I mean they have always had agents there for at least 100 years right?
Where's the pic.
Lets get this ball rolling and let it crush all those who hope to hold it back.
Having held a dead child I can only commiserate, for whatever it's worth I don't believe it's even remotely your fault hormones carry with them the possibility of clots all on their own blood condition or not. If anything the fault lies with the doctor for not pointing out the possibility. It's glanced over as if it doesn't exist. The pain is eternal but the suffering hopefully improves.
I mean I hate to say this but I think you just posted, "I took a shit today". I mean the average thin person drops anout 1 pound on the toilet, add in a heavier person and you have a 2 to 3 pounder. Add in water weight and you have the rest.
Well damn a rat problem looks small when you compare it to a grizzly bear problem. Hell when that bears at your throat you start thinking damn you know what that rat, if it had some cheese might have been kind of fucking cute.
Has nothing to do with reviews. It's just the fact Nolan's finally out of the picture. Every DC fan is looking for a DC comic adaptation not a Batman universe adaptation.
Never I grew up with gaming when DOS was a thing and I played games like Daggerfall and Lightspeed. Difficulty and tediousness was ingrained in me.
They can make 300, 400 pound human tomorrow all almost pure muscle. Becuase it's a known "defect". Only problem is they will die early, but we have the solution for that too so..... https://www.google.com/amp/s/singularityhub.com/2009/06/30/super-babies-reveal-the-key-to-strength-gene/amp/ They'll die young still or as disfigured monstrosities but, your sending them all to die in the first place so. Alternatively if the long life gene actually works, you could have these monsters living till easily 200 or so. After that its more of an issue with the brain. Though I supposed you'd have to replace parts of them with a machine. Like the heart for sure. Parts of the eyes. Probably most of the facial structure now that I think about it. However since its China they'll probably kill them around age 30 or so and use their organs for war time use.
Nope
How would he, he has one arm trapped and unless he's double jointed the other one's trapped too. The best he could do is wabble hard enough to slap him with his dick if it was big enough.
I think you mean ot depends on how much advertising they bought.
You not President yet?!?!
That ain't no simple steroid injection pain. Not when its cooking all the nerves. It looks like it was designed to burn the brain to death and honestly might be the worse way to die on the planet. Those sleep medicines never actually put you out either. They turn off the main part of your brain, which is why a lot of people end up sleep walking. Most sleep medications do this which is why you get a lot of odd side effect. So called "steroid injection" pain: https://youtu.be/LOwcyNTsaZ4 Bonus clip: https://youtu.be/dprfHZ7gYvw We're all not that retarded right? They all beg to be killed if the sedative doesn't work. Its like being burned alive while someone chokes you to death but that person who's choking you isn't strong enough to knock you out. Sleeping pills and meds: https://www.metro.us/body-and-mind/health/sleeping-pills-dont-work%3famp https://www.nytimes.com/2007/03/15/business/15drug.ready.html
Yup too much stress which leads to too much toxicty.
She's still a minor pretty sure this doesn't apply.
That'd be sexual assault.
Probably cause every song we have these days are all the same basic melody. She's not even listening to the whole thing cause shes checking for changes later in the song or if it's basically all the same.
Ya you practically have to be a porn virgin to say they're unknown.
I don't find him ugly or handsome the same way I don't view dogs as sexy or catergorize which one has the nicest rear end. People judging how pretty a fish thing is need their heads examined. Ugly or pretty is an absurd concept for things like this.
Is there even a reason why she threw it back to the pitcher? Seems like she should have thrown it to whatever base needed it.
Never knew there were two angles seen this a million times and ops angle is the first time I knew there were two.
He'll be killed for his betrayal. Accidently of course...
Except the United States are run in a democracy not dictatorship. Obama could only do so much with a Republican legislation. So the train doesn't stop with Obama but a Mitch McConnel Republican ran senate. That is already working with Russia long before Donald Trump shows up. By gerrymandering elections with the help of a foriegn power. We have ties between the NRA and Russia as one small example. We have ties with China and Saudi Arabia to Donald Trump and his campaign. No less giving trafficed women as sexual favors. I still don't understand why this isn't all over the news. To say it has anything to do with Obama tells youball you need to know about your limited understanding of politics. The only think Obama could have done was declare Martial Law and the Russians have already put in a ton of rumor mill work on that end. It would have just played into their hand. He did the only thing he could do start the investigation and let the people decide. His only fault is believing people are smart.
Yea Im currently running into this issue myself. It's all falling apart once you start ramping up like this you almost need a second person. Twitter/Facebook/Instagram on and on. It's not just maintaining these things but finding unique and creative ways to expand the audience I'd even suggestion Youtube. Currently if your short handed I'd suggest automation. Something like Hootsuite or any other program that can schedule tweets. I had a partner who I reiterated twice to that running a podcast would be almost like a part time job it requires a lot of work. It's not just showing up. Someone has to put in time and effort. It's very stressing to do it all solo so I would automate a great deal if you can.
It's been plenty recommended to just roll everything at the same time as to save time. Regardless of what you do with the info after. That's what we always do.
This isn't worth a post.
You know I just realized yesterday, I've never been happy my whole life. Didn't even know what it felt like or maybe I did as a child. Who knows what I do know is I forgot what happiness was or even felt like. It took a vacation and some legal recreational drugs to make me realize I forgot what it was. I didn't even know I could smile for longer than a minute I thought feeling smiling fatigue was normal. It wasn't till I broke the time barrier and realized when your geniunely happy you don't get fatigued from laughing or smiling. How sad is that you get so use to being sad. You don't even know there's a way out to look for.
Ya I'm currently facing that situation and really it's not a big deal to do more than one a week. The problem is limiting how much time you spend on additional content. It depends on what your show is about if its news opinions you might have more than one a week for example but I'd keep ot around 30 mins and under if your doing multiple unless your shows like movie reviews ect,. It's a situational thing for sure and its hard to guage audience reaction.
I've driven all over this country and other countries. I've also driven big rigs. Bumper to bumper traffic is caused by morons to begin with and yes you still have to push your way in especially when it's bumper to bumper. Ya you turn your signal on and if it's not good enough you end up having to. It's a simple thing and you're the one having issues wrapping that pea brain around it. Go take a driving course.
Your in Nevada there's legal prostitutes.
Almost like it was planned or something.
This tells us one thing. Some people can't write. They can adapt or appropriate but not make. This is a writer writing about a real event copying from multiple sources. Just look at Game Of Thrones prime example.
If your holding on to some traditional values and not others then you are indeed TA. You cant pick and choose where convenient especially when getting opinions anonymously. Without any type of further discussion I'd leave it at YTA.
"Performance Art"
I mean I guess it depends on where you live if your in New York, ok. Probably a good deal. If somewhere cheap then ya you should get paid more. Regardless you should ask for more in any situation.
It came over the top...
You posted the same thing I posted. You have trouble reading? Mine had more pictures and you still didn't get it? Wtf? That's sad. Explains this whole conversation really.
I'm confused why does he need to adopt them aren't they technically and legally his at this point? The adoption just seems to be symbolism.
If thats so true then where does the western influence come from?
That's an odd thing to say about an incident that happened in Canada. People in Europe know Canada's not in the US right?
Although Illegal its a left over from Eugenics. A time and age in which a lot of people were sterilized for deviant behavior judged by others. Not only that but only 1st degree relation actually presents any danger to an offspring. Now does sex have to lead to an offspring. No. Gay sex use to be illegal as well. Just cause somethings is illegal, weed for example. Doesn't automatically make you morally superior. Your average person has around a 10% defect rate the aunt and nephew has a 14% chance. It's not that big a deal. In reality the truth is if someone brought this all the way to the Supreme Court I don't think it would hold up. No one even wants to test it in fact due to other avenues opening up. If both parties are adults the State has no business in the affairs of others. Now if we're talking children and in America nearly 30% of girls are involved in sexual abuse by a family member that isn't just incest that's abuse. That's something these laws were left in place to deal with. To punish an especially notorious and unseen rampant crime. It was not for this instance. YTA basically is what I'm saying.
I think you mean when they're scapegoated in Russia. Guess whoever set that whole thing up didn't realize they couldn't just tarnish a well respected reporter like it was nothing. They'll have to just go the old fashion route, murdered by eatting to many bullets. Suicide toxicology report says nearly 9 different drugs in his system. Oh cops are exonerated.... Russia.
Cause retarded.
I like how you almost make it sound like its an act of benevolence when it's just a way to recover all the losses from the curb stomping Sony has been giving them. Give studios a way to pull in extra money and gives Xbox crossplay to give people someone to play with.
Is has, omg make up your mind did they or didn't they...
Same doesn't appear the patch does too much.
Guess he has no package. I don't know about anyone else but my dick sits when I sits. Not only judging by the lack of imprint but the way he has his legs so tight might not be sporting testicles.
LMAO, I thought I was the only one who saw the snickers. Smithers get me the magnifying glass.
Think you failed the critical thinking part along with 400 or so people. Op is clearly referring to him attempting to speak English to native English speakers. Why would Chinese people wonder if he's intentionally or not keeping a Chinese accent?
I guess if they only had 1 movie and a TV that couldn't get any channels on it. No access to internet way out in the Jungle. Sure.
Pretty sure a cursed kiss involves a tampon.
Really I mean your more likely to be killed by a cop than a terrorist. That's a plain ol fact.
The fucked up part is this guy can read English and still can't get it. I mean look how many morons don't get it over 2k people have no comprehension.
Which is hilarious cause Robocop predicted the absurd nature of these kinds of devices.
Ya this is it. I hate to say it but the bootlegging business is strong. Unfortunately the "alcohol" could be anything. The fucked up part is they keep serving the shit.
I tell you what she has a bribe in place for students and has already OKed it with the Financial Sector. They're willing to take a small hit so they can keep charging us. That 50k number sounds nice not gonna lie and unfortunately we'll sell our children to help ourselves.
LMAH - Laugh my asshole.
That's not what happened here so, yes? Also doesn't qualify for this sub. This sub is about SHOWING karma being served. Your just retelling a story. You're just getting up votes from dummies. She's still going to be laughing when she sobers up so.... And she got away without any penalty. You know what they did with her right? Let her sleep. Your idea of jutice being served is letting someone sleep? That's not what this subs about. Massive justice boner.....though I suppose the blanket she had might of been rough? If it makes you feel any better the cot she sleep in was probably kinda hard? You know you got duped by the cops right? They only held her in jail for their liability. If she was sober they might have just let her walk home. It had nothing to do with justice and more to do with insurance. They gave her a right talking to I'm sure before dropping her off at her home. Are you really unaware of what actually happened?
Ok I'm getting nearly equal comments saying to talk to her about it and nearly half saying not to. Not sure a coin toss is how I want to go into this. Think I'll leave it for a while. She's I feel in my mind still too young. On the otherhand I know that's bullshit. I guess it doesn't matter in the long run what she is.
Probably wouldn't affect much.
Feel this is the classic ends to early clip. We didn't get much time to wallow in his misery.
Didn't even have to read it, YTA. Are you kidding. WTF part do you think you're gonna play in their married life? The fact that you even said anything or thought you did tells me someones too young to get married. Hey son your not slamming your balls deep enough she doesn't look satisfied. Where do you draw the line.
Well that explains the hissing sound. Dumb ass, done walked off a cliff. I mean I've leaned over way way way taller shit but I don't do it when that shits slippery. Also if you're going hiking buy hiking shoes. Not some slip and slide Chinese made knock offs.
Shes not articulating anything that is her trying to breath.
Why does that come off pervy in my head.
I'm sure on console you might as well be.
That's weird I've always seen him love and embrace the child in a number of films. That's what had me confused.
Not actually articulate means speaking. Here's the definition: (of a person or a person's words) having or showing the ability to speak fluently and coherently. It's weird how few people know the words they are reading. It's neither coherent nor fluent. It's a moan. This is like saying two elk in the woods fornicating is the pinnacle of fluency in sex talk. Your using it wrong.
Don't forget to claim your miles. You get .55 cents a mile. Just racking up a few thousand can help you save on taxes.
You don't have to do cardio I mean it's a good plus but not necessarily a must do. A lot of people are only looking to get stronger they don't care that they're a little over weight or over weight at all. If you build enough base muscle you'll burn just as much as some moderate cardio just due to the increased metabolism as long as you're also lifting or doing something similar everyday. To surpass the base line you'd have to do about an hour of cardio. Cardio burns for a while strength lifting and bodybuilding burns for days. Bodybuilding &gt; Cardio You looking to burn calories for a little while or for a lifetime? Little while go cardio, forever build your body. I honestly think cardio is the reason a lot of people fail at losing weight cause it results in short term success. Water weight shedding and bouncing scales. Your better off building a foundation of muscle and if you feel like you have to have cardio for sports or whatever else you can go that way or you can do 10-15 mins high intensity. I feel like someone with a bad diet can benefit from bodybuilding more than cardio.
You're a burn the bridge and never see the other side again kinda guy, I like that.
No one else will we all just forget. Remember 9/11 my ass.
As soon as he thrusts shes gonna choke on that veil.
By Funcom....I can't believe it.
Fuck no they have about as much of a chance of taking over as herpes. Its not odd at all for someone who owned what was basically a mobile platform, Mac is not a PC as far as I'm concerned, decided to jump onto mobile gaming. Cause you were never a PC player. Even a console can play some decent MMOs. I mean shit I have my PC games on my phone.
Then magic tricks with her asshole will commence.
Thank God it's not that shit would never sell.
Democracy has failed if one man can veto legislation and is not the President.
Republicans they don't want to make it easier for anyone to vote. Remember, we had to pass the voting rights act just to let black people vote.
Depends on what the MTX is if it's cosmetics I'm cool with that.
Its weird but you can see he's holding something and theres a thin shadow on the ground. Yet somehow you never actually see the stick he's holding. I assumed it was a selfie stick. At first I thought he was part of the sting cause it seems almost ironic that he's using one for it's actual purpose.
Wait till you have kids your going to see a lot more than half naked kids. They come out naked even, it's fucked up bro.
Could just be me but this is like stating we can beath the air on Earth.
Oh we all get the context...
He did indeed. In most states those are "fighting words". As such it's a declaration of challenge. He answered tha challenge in the traditional way: punch to the face. Legally he met the challenge appropiately. Is it Buzz's fault the other guy didn't have the mental capacity to know he was starting a fight? People in this country think their words are protected. They think it's all free speech, then they find out they are wrong.
The answer is no. Obama did not and Warren can only do it, and keep in mind no President can do anything without Congressional support. Unless congress gave up it's authority like they did with Tariffs and War.
Vital....not sure theres a lot of vital signs.
Some organization called Jukin Media blocked it. An open air music of classical art. Mirror: https://youtu.be/7t3xBqAWLaU Or is it cause I'm using the reddit app?
You dont think the people in Florence, Italy look like Italians? Were you expecting Mario? Oh they're too brown for you? Hate to tell you movies in America are white washed. You can find white versions of every races if you go back far enough. White black people, white asians, white italians, white everything. Hell even Jesus is white. It's cause directors don't believe idiots like you will believe their authentic cause you only know who Mario is. That's not how the world looks. If you go far enough south in Italy they have what are known as "black" Italian much darker brown (not American black). Just like how not all Mexicans are brown a lot are white. Just like some Africans are white. Unfortunately there are so many dumb people in America they all just think brown = mexican. All while throwing white nationalist parades "honoring" their heritage. Dumb bastards.
Except it already is, it's just Congress keeps passing laws to slow it's progress intentionally. Like you get fined in certain states for having Solar Panels or have to pay the electric company in order to have them monthly. &amp;#x200B; They could easily mandate all new houses must have solar energizing windows and rooftop. Every house would power itself. We'd literally need nothing else, ever. In the areas that can't benefit they could pull from the excess energy.
Yes but I don't use the words in daily life because the point of words is to comminicate and I'm surrounded by morons. So simple words are better.
Ya this is probably likely, they've come out hard against the idea. Putin is seeking allies everywhere except the Saudis because the Saudis and the US are linked at the hip.
I donno they did shoot that one dude dead on live tv.
Lincoln got shot for freeing the slaves...Im just spit balling but there's way worse things a person can get shot for.
Say what you want about Wil his reading of Ready Player One is brilliant.
Does this just pick up live streams or clips? I typed in my name and there was one stream. I typed in Volomon, it came up with Solomon but waited to see if that name even appeared in the stream and found nothing. Not sure how this works.
Ya wtf. It's like a giant toy robot.
Damn even the Jews being gased had beds.
Downvotes are just from dumb people don't sugar coat it.
When has that ever been the case? You think immigrants came to this country and just voiced their opinions. You think black people got their freedom through nonviolent expression. What we want and what we have are two different things. You can't express freely without other people expressing freely. Here in you have a quandary cause one is going to start a fight. Sometimes a fight is required for the advancement of ideals, that's what the USA was founded on and that is what happens around the world. Hippie bullshit doesn't work ask all the people in a mass grave. Remember woman's sufferage? Remember the Boston massacre? What are we a bunch of 5th graders pretending we know how the world works? Also if there is a fundemental right to expression, Trumps concentration camps prove other wise. You don't even have a right to be called Human in this country let alone to talk freely.
Archeage does. Its one of their primary mechanics even. Its heavy p2w tho. It also required often one or more full guilds too.
I donno I feel like Warren has a small front lead with Biden. Medias having a field day with her. Obama will step in to give Biden a boost though. People think Obama did nothing but he had favors owed. He got what he really wanted past and that's great, not even he could go further he had the Senate, the House. Still wasn't allowed. I mean on the other hand, they are using a favor to pull in Obama and Biden is essentially a Republican anyway a left leaning one. So maybe.
We got a bunch of Rambos in the house today.
I don't in particular I just know she'll be on the same leash as Obama was though and won't be able to pursue everything she would really like to.
Uh oh caught Warren with an under handed upper cut from the left. People really don't get political humor do they. Say it slowly out loud...upper....cut....from....the.....LEFT.
I donno ever since the Wachowskis lost their balls they lost their creativity.
Actually we had that here too. They actually use to be free, then they were cheap, now they're insanely expensive. Ironically it has to do partially with the government stepping in and providing funding to allow more people to go to school. They ended up creating a system of free money that many leech off of. And I'm not talking about students.
Ya me too it was worse than that even. The devs actually worked with a number of hackers due to the amount of money they spent. One guy got his account banned but the devs actually helped the bastard transfer his houses and items to a new account. They went out of their way to keep whales happy even while they cheated. The game is a complete shit show of morality. I quit right after that incident.
Just shows you if something like this is corrupt imagine how our politics function.
Holy shit four people in a year. I've seen a lot myself but never in such a catastrophic sequence. I hope all is well for you.
That price is a bit much though 40 bucks for a pdf. I can get a hardcover traditional module for 30 or less. Is there easy to convert files for online play? Cause that's the only way I'd be able to justify that price. Otherwise it comes with a lot of extra work. Making the price a bit high.
Its hard to get excited for these sales when you own every game that's listed.
Sounds like what we were trying to do before all of this.
That's not remotely possible 2024 maybe.
Thats not what that even says. Hegels not saying History which is a record of human action typically written down repeats itself. Hegels saying people try to mimick great personages, yet are nothing more than a fake. I have no idea how you confused that and got 1000 people to agree to the premise despite it being incorrect. He's not saying history repeats itself at all. Two men can be born similar isn't directly saying history repeats itself. It's almost the idea of the second coming of Chirst applied to everyone in which case you might as well point at the bible or Buddhism. Which by the way for anyone with thoughts in their head is a matter of circumstance and convergence. Not some metaphysical bullshit. Like Trump trying to be Regan. Also it was Polybius c. 200. **For everyone else stop upvoting something that sounds fancy. That doesn't mean it's correct. Holyshit.**
It was breeding by humans. All the wild goats with it died. Cause it's not an advantage.
Dude...I really don't want to say this cause it shows how old I am but fucking Robot Jox, after playing Battletech....right, right? I come in peace fuck ya you did. Most of these movies "forgotten", fuck these movies are who I am and how I was formed from Child to adult brother. I think there was only two I haven't seen on the list Tetsou the Hard Body and Split Second (At least I don't remember it). Man I loved Sci-fi. Guess I was lucky enough to have a bunch of movie channels when I was young. Probably didn't help my parents let me mail order movies like Manga. Which I guess they don't count a lot of non US movies....cause this shit would get a lot fucking weirder. Does anyone remember the Grandfather who invites his I guess Grandsons over and the houses is all haunted. The kids end up trapped in another dimension with a pterodactyl and they steal the egg. Or is the undead guy the grandfather. Didn't see that one on there. The one with the family who discovers a dimensional portal in the basement. If anyone knows what I'm talking about let me know I've been looking for those two for a while. Shit I want the movie list of movies the guys who made the movie list forgot.
Wait there's more to it than ribbons and bows?
Two squirts and you're impressed?
If watching the level of corruption in the UK a parliament system is any indication. This whole idea is a farce and I call bullshit. There's no noticeable difference. From child prostitution, enbedding with foreign powers, to the attempted removal, if anything, the parliment system seems more corruptible. It's not parliament that makes it easier it's the fact that there tends to be more parties. In countries with a President there tends to be two parties the Presidents party and often an opposition party. However in Parliments in which there exists almost a two party system its just as bad. Imagine the PM can't be removed no matter the level of corruption if one party holds the reigns. Here's a good read on why this train of thought is BULLSHIT: https://reviewcanada.ca/magazine/2018/05/the-pm-as-dictator/ An elective dictatorship is potentially worse as it creates an inherent bias. The reality is there is no significant difference.
Yes that's been working fantastically in the UK....
I don't think you know what militia means in the US. If you mean everyone is racist and carries around AR15s....maybe?
Console boys are use to this. So makes it plausible. The question is will console players switch over. Cause this won't appeal to PC gamers. Then again I don't think we were ever the real target.
10 rounds. It should just be insta kill at that point.
It stands for Sugoi which means awesome in Japanese. It's from Japanese arcade games from decades ago and has been popping up in the west as an influence of Japanese culture. It's the top tier of a typical grade tier system, A, B, C ect,.
Money tends to drag things out and as ridiculous as it sounds the state and local government end up trying to figure out the math. Is it worth it often pops up. Luckily this is a rich state with money.
Well the authors an idiot. Someone tried that and then went to prison. I wonder if he read that book. I mean there's nothing chemically in the extingushier to destroy evidence. If you want to get rid of evidence. You have to remove all the seats and torch them. Take a rag with bleach (10% or greater), you need a nook cleaner a rough brush to get into pockets. If guts and gore are present they have to be removed first. If there was excessive gibbing you need to torch it or take it to a recycler that doesn't require records and ID. Minor blood remove the seat and scrub. No matter the seat type. Just the seat not all of them. It'll be in the poors, crevice, ect and although you can kill the DNA the cells will still exist under microscope. Which might be why you wash your car out with water. Maintain a 3 minture interval on any locations with said blood. Dont forget to toss the brush and rag. Seperately...and anything else you have. TV shows make you believe to do this in black plastic bags, don't. Remove them from the bags before disposal and burn the bags. If you were a smart killer the vehicles from 1980 or ealier and doesn't have to be reported for recycling in certain states. Just needs a minor cleaning. Don't forget to remove the seats. All this is only necessary if you think you might be a target of investigation. Police often only have a 13% or less solve rate. So you're already unlikely to get caught. Fire is an amatuers move. That's an arson investigation. So now they're inspecting the entire vehicle and will be pulling it apart. Vehicles tend to have a weird burn due to materials. Even if at this point you got away with murder, you're now charged with arson. If the vehicles not yours the body can be burned in the back to a crematorium level, powered bones, as long as it's allowed to burn long enough. In which case you couldn't care less about the arson. Still amatuer but a fast effective way.
I think the pig tails make it pretty clear.
Good job Soldier, I almost believed that article because other than the meme aspect I don't give a shit about Russia at least their home politics. Their foreign affairs is something I watchout for though.
Honestly if that's not a mock up looks like it'll be done in 2021. Usually by announcement a game is only 2 years off. (Except CDPR) Also sounds like it uses the standard instanced mode Japan likes to use. So wouldn't be hard. Already disappointed...we need some real return to open world content. Every game on the markets going open world even COD tried to do open world. MMOs are like nahhhh let's take a step back. This also appears to not be an MMO from what I'm hearing. It seems OPs article is one of the very few calling it an MMO. Most call it an online ARPG in line with Dragonball Z.
Also doesn't make sense because it would compete with their other MMO Blessed Unlesshed.
Why doesn't the system just have a STEAM section so people know they received the STEAM version? Why does the STEAM KEY not work on the MOGSTATION? Why can't you just log into STEAM via MOGSTATION and have it automatically registered? I'm confused as fuck as to why a bunch of shit didn't happen here.
I'm telling you if in doubt then yes. Also those are known as dreds, not pig tails.
Doesn't make sense the games are likely to retail at full value and require a much higher speed of internet which if the parents are not buying them a console they're not about to increase the internet bill by over 1k per year. So nooo....I don't think the kids you're talking about are a target.
Thank you so much!! I could never find it now I know why what an odd title.
What are you talking about it was on freaking Nintendo, and if you ever left your house at the arcades. You're clearly not "old" enough.
Honestly doesn't look fake. To assume that fuse is a sparkler is a weird weird call. Anyone who's lit a firecracker know almost all fuses are laced to spark. Cause you can clearly see it's not at the start. Then to say it's editted is an odd charge too editted in what way are you saying he did this standing shot 30-40 times then matched the two closest together when he switches it out or even merges the shots together for a seemless shot. This guy wouldn't be making weirdo videos with talent that good. Not only that but perfect timing and explosion. I went fire years back on this to trace the "fake" and the only mention of it being fake is here. "Badly edited" it's not edited at all.
This is the core plot of the book I'm writing. Wife said it didn't make sense. Now who has the last laugh.
But they didn't and won't so...
I had the samething happen but the car was off because I was smart enough to check BEFORE driving it. Everyone should really check for anything that gets in the way of everything including the shifter phones these days are so fat they can get caught on the shifter and the dash.
Glad we didn't go up for new years if it was that crazy.
I think it's just religion in general. Christians use to send children into battle cause they were so pure and innocent that god wouldn't let them be hurt. They all died.
Well he knows who's boss and no one wants to piss off their boss. Especially if they got dirt on you makes one nervous.
Congratulations on being mentally slow enough for public service.
No one remembers the Dungeons and Dragons satanic cult scare? Plenty of people still believe in witchcraft.
Current or in the past? The Lords Resistance army uses Children. Current: https://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-17299084 In the past: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Children%27s_Crusade Actually that's something else there's not as much history on the internet as you would believe. There use to be a tradition of cutting off kids hands and placing them on doors to ward off spirits too but I can't find any info on it. Usually virgin girls. Wikipedia is nice but the books they cite are better.
Ya totally accidental they have the camera ground level while everyone is on the stairs and panned out.
Shady you ever heard of client trading where they pretrade your conviction (don't fight the state too hard) in order for a lighter sentence for a richer client. That is shady.
Damn man you came in with only half a story.
I thought that was the whole point of Harley Quinn and yes Birds of Prey is going to suck.
Your way underselling her ability here. Her coordination regardless of everything you said should not be this god like. Most kids flop over after just leaning their heads out. Since technically infants are top heavy. Meaning their heads equite a majority of their weight.
Technically, same angle just zoomed out.
You mean "America, fuck yeah!"
What is this Game of Thrones trickery where we just see black and have to imagine there's a horde.
Donno there's a fair bit of distance between the silver car and the cyclist. Hard to believe he didn't see him but possible.
At the very end of the video it says bikes can use a full lane. At least I assume thats why the video had those signs.
Kids already got a cask on his leg now he needs one for his head.
Dick thinking vs. Brain thinking.
Ya right you gotta fall to learn.
It was an investment in a scam. That "fell apart". Which was the scam.
In a world of chaos it's ironically sad that that is all it takes.
Frostpunk
There's no way the casualties are little. That's got to be near total annihilation.
The whole time I was thinking that ass so jiggly it's almost fake.
Basically most of Congress. They got asses handed to them one time for catching a Congressman in the act of buying sex and drugs. They never made that mistake again as far as I'm aware.
Yaaahhh but why is she flailing her arms dead on in the direction of imminent death?
He's talking about the sifu attire.
Not surprising there's a bunch of people involved in trafficking up there too. "Justice".
Some don't even do that tho.
Pretty much everything was at one point. This was suppose to be the New York of the middle west.
It's a rib not a titty. Dudes blind himself.
I actually don't understand a hacker could very easily do it. https://youtu.be/MK0SrxBC1xs https://youtu.be/fCLn10zeJcU Do people not know this is a thing. Its more common in the California area and eveything but not totally uncommon. Almost all modern cars after about 2015 have back doors and allow for easy wifi communications they're purposely designed that way. A journalist was killed by CIA this way when they controlled his vehicle. https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3038085/michael-hastings-crash-wikileaks/ Supposedily if your into conspiracy theories (well technically true but so many don't know it might as well be) is the CIA/NSA have a law in place requiring all devices to have a back door. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/feb/23/nsa-director-defends-backdoors-into-technology-companies This is supposedily their best assassination tool.
If it's in a mall or some other shitty place it's usually a scam. They'll ask you how much you make (how much they can steal) and other red flags.
Damn incel much. He's definitely an incel it's almost exclusively every single one of his posts. Looks like he has unresolved mommy issues which has lead him down a path of hating all women. It looks like he's in his teens too. For all that pussy getting talk. Seriously get some therapy. I know divorce can be hard, but it shouldn't warp your mind.
https://twitter.com/9NewsAUS/status/1104924904976146432?s=19 Looks like she had nothing to do with anything and was just trying to walk past. Since it looks like the cops blocked the whole sidewalk. Seriously doubt she was involved in some brawls since a light wind could take her out. He said step back maybe once as he laid his hands on her, she looks at him. Cause shs said shes going past the cops. So waiting for him to say ok. Instead he says get back a couple more times as he's shoving her.
This isn't America I assume.
That's cause he wasn't trying to adapt it....he was using it as a vehicle for his own ideas. In fact in a part of the movie you can see a replica of Steven Kings car getting destoryed. Kubrick hated King and King hated Kubrick. He intentional spited him through out the movie. The main character is Steven King and Kubrick let him freeze to death in his film in the book he comes around. So I can not help but laugh at op a bit.
All the lights are just flashing on and off none of them are blocked. You can see the out line of all the lights at all times even when they turn off.
Sounds like they need a real report system.
It's just a browser based game is what it was. People who never updating their PCs from a CRT could play it. PCs from 1989. Beyond that it was like many other MMOs from a long time ago. MMOs these days are more game than other worlds. This is a world first game after. At least that's how I see it.
I told people Eliz Warren is fishy as fuck. They keep downvoting like it isn't true. They think she's getting money just from small donors. Nope she's gotta feed the sharks like every other shady candidate before her. This is just the beginning if she gets any further. Back room deals is all these corporate dems are worth and she's no exception. She's willing to sell herself to get ahead. Never trust a soul seller.
Definitely not hanging from a belt maybe a strap on.
I mean that shit was pretty fucking horrid. Anyone could ID the huge flaw with the way the game was designed in that aspect. If they would have kept it the game would have been dead on arrival.
Everyone just assumes stupid people are for Trump.
So you think the EEOC is making things too fair? That affirmative action is making things too fair and we need more white people everywhere in a country that's made of mostly white people who've weakened or completely destroyed other races mobility and economic status for almost 200 years? Is that about it?
It doesn't discriminate again Asians at all. That was just Harvard being racist. That was denied by a Judge to be racist: https://www.nytimes.com/2019/10/01/us/harvard-admissions-lawsuit.html You don't even know what affirmative action is clearly. All these things were in place to stop systemic racism. You know tips, tips were invented by white people so they could give black people less than the minimum wage and have white patreons tip them nothing. These systems are in place to correct things that have been done to destory an entire segment of the population. While housing prices were jacked up for colored and lowered for whites. The blacks were left owning very little and the whites taking most or in many cases all of the property in what is called gentrification. Whites continue to steal black votes by gerrymandering many states. https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-news/trump-adviser-voter-suppression-in-2020-930453/ The racism hasn't stopped and if affirmative action gives blacks or anyone of color a chance to compete with a system that's long been rigged it barely makes a blip on the radar of recompense.
Ya it was in the story. I'm kind wonder what was different the gun or the book.
Basically all the sane Republicans became blue dragging the party to the center. Now we have to wake up and realize this is a fact.
Don't see anything about it being Obama led especially since one of the bill writers was a Republican. In politics one's hands can be tied if major issues are tied into a bill like deficit spending. I'm not saying that's the case here but people have to understand that congress makes the laws. That's why Mitch McConnell has lasted as long as he has people think they just fight against or for whoever is currently in Congress. That's not what they do.
This skips over the fact that Germans used in on their soldiers when they were malnourished from the front line. They perferred meth anyway.
This is weeks old but https://www.nytimes.com/2020/01/14/health/minimum-wage-suicide.html Always right mate, 6% just for mildly increasing wages. It could easily flip the other way in double to triple digits.
I have no clue what this has to do with being stabbed with a knife. Then I clicked on dudes link and that shit makes no sense. Dudes line of thought is wacko-do.
Wasn't there a white cop who raped a girl and got no time. https://theintercept.com/2019/08/30/nypd-anna-chambers-rape-probation/ My bad two white cops.
You know all these places are run by that fat Chinese woman who's always standing next to Jeffery Epstein.
They're actually cures ketamine can block the receptors that cause death. I'm actually kind of confused. These cures should already be out there. Maybe because Ketamine is a classed drug?? Looks like they're having cost issues mixed with a failure to replicate said cure. I thought it would have been completed by now.
I think most people are referring to the Victorian era not medieval. At least thats typically what 99.9999999% of people are referencing when they say Chivalry.
What are you talking about it says he hated the way the common man was treated to the point of splitting with his overlords and was arrested for it. Not to mention he fought on the Union side. If he was a Communist he's the best man they've ever produced that oddly had opposite theories. It even says he lead a democratic army to remove royalty leanings from the country. It does go on to say he turned to extremists for support. Not that he was one. Eventually he rejected the idea and Marx and this gentleman had a falling out with duel proclaimed but never fulfilled. Eventually he left all that shit behind and moved to Cincinnati. Where he raised a levy to defend the country. &gt;After the war, Willich served briefly as Hamilton County Auditor, neglecting the many opportunities to get rich from that position. According to the Cincinnati Commercial Tribune [24 January 1878]: I find this especially honorable. Especially from what we see today.
That's cute and all but despite the "legal" trouble it is not illegal to do the things you said. You can't be charge with intent to distribute oregano. Back in the 60s you use to get arrested for jogging. Just cause an activity is unusual for it's day and age doesn't grant aditional police powers to make them pay for it or to quit a perfectly legal behavior. Two black guys decked out in black, "Running for health", as the cops lock them up and laugh at the absurdity of it. And kids if an adult ever attemps this with you claim its a protest and lawyer up for a counter suit. Easy money every time.
This is in research trials you have to be picked (no chance), and won't be available for at least another 20 to 30 years if ever.
Isn't there supposed to be a catch trap at the bottom so you can offload it onto the hooks? It looks like it wasn't installed on this machine.
Wait are their lifespans based on how long they live without predators/habits or their absolute possible life span?
This whole comment section is staged.
Isn't it because it forces you to redownload the shaders?? After you redownload it it's fine.
What's up with the dog was it gotta be a dick day or what?
So if I tell you, you have the right to bare arms you think I'm practicing law?
Well this guy learned something else today, it's not just Canada. I feel like this is in general common knowledge to boot but maybe not.
Well that kind of stuff is why they came up with rules such as these. Just cause there's an idea doesn't mean everyone is suddenly forced into following it. And beating your wife only stopped being a thing a few decades ago.
Your talking about Clincis with blended Ketamine which isn't even approved. Real (approved)Ketamine isn't available till this March. Which still makes me wrong but I wouldn't go to a clinic selling a fake or weak product either.
Your brain can produce the same chemicals as legitimate drugs especially if you've had a drug similar to the one in question. For instance morphine if you take someone off a drip and replace with water everytime they squeeze the buld they'll still get a hit of relief even though it is now water.
Everyone else is able to do it. That's what test servers are for.
He can still have a point and be wrong on something else. I mean that shits not even the worse thing China has done. They wouldn't even be in the Top 5 crimes against humanity.
I mean they're getting their information from Chinese people/government. I just hope it's as under control as they are portraying.
I mean all it took was an aqueduct in the old days to reach populations of 1 million or more. Easy access to water is literally all it takes. Everything else just helps maintain the population. Even worked for the Mayans they sure as shit didn't have magic or any of these fancy techs. 120 years or whatever wouldn't be unlikely at all.
Absolutely this one was brilliant.
Tried to read through all the recommends but heres a few: Steelheart, Red Rising, Daughter of Dragons, everything else appears to have been recommended.
Bullshit this is a huge lawsuit. I mean technically op could start it anytime he wants. The school is covering their ass in case he's already gone that route. They can they've already remedied it and spoke to him directly. This is all being heavily documented. I wouldn't be surprised if he signed some documents of the meeting was also recorded. Absolutely one tap out for this kind of shit millions of dollars or kicking a dude out making probably 70k a year. Anyone who doesn't is a fucking moron. One shot and out with this kind of thing it's just too expensive first time. Suspension no doubt. Any place with legal liability this high should according to guidelines. Typical its suspention with pay till an investigation is complete. Then penalties.
Missed this part: &gt;The entente, however, passed by noted astronomers and surveyors Charles Mason and Jeremiah Dixon, who were attacked by the French, while voyaging to (unsuccessfully) observe the 1761 Transit in Sumatra.
This guys a government operative operating under the new legalized propaganda law!!!! Panic!!!! It's our first Chinese-esque government tactics operation be on guard for more of these pro-do-not-panic dudes in black suits!!
I'm about 90,000% this is some bogus made up shit. Cause how it actually works is someone just gives you cash you give them your card with pin. They spend your foodstamps(which is actually call supplemental food assistance **something** program maybe, btw) then either give it back or you call it in as missing for a new card. Besides that there are way more crafty ways to get something to resell. You tear the sticker or price code off of something at Target (some other stores might do this) have them ring it up as unknown - price. SNAP will cover it. Which it's not suppose to but it's a flaw in the system. Discount selling sea food on a courner are you freaking retarded. Lol....come on. You're literally doing the exchange in the most mentally retarded way possible. Itd make a lot more sense to steal the food at that point then sell it. I'm just gonna guess though these two just really like them some shrimp and grits. Cause fighting over a 5 dollar bag of shrimps to resell don't make a lick of fucking sense. A medium size bag of shrimp is $5, a large bag of shrimp is $12.
Who didn't call this shit second 1 was a fucking idiot.
I assume they extracted her organs and sold them?
What if they keep giving you the same advice over and over then imply it was your fault you needed the advice each time.
Well duh in Soviet Russia bears hunt you in space.
Um hasn't it been proven over and over that people like these use alternative means of servers, devices, and communication. You can't save everything. The hand written note to Putin from Trump. Not going to be saved. The private meetings with Putin and no handlers in the room, not going to be saved. You're assuming his administration gives two shits about some documents being saved the only things saved are the things he's too stupid to understand make him look bad, that's it.
You just ignored the Mayans they reached millions and had a primitive city with over 1 million. Disingenuous would be to ignore that part and call someone disingenuous. I'm also not sure why you think it took all the aqueducts. Rome was first off a tiny ass metropolis. Barely 7 miles in length. A city doesn't need to start off with all 11 aqueducts built at a population of 10 you slowly build more and more infustructure which also gets easier as the city becomes more and more prosperous. So not sure how that's suppose to be a valid point. I mean that's obviously a requirement. Why would that not be so? It had rampant disease. Doesn't even compare to a lot of Eastern cities. Rome is just used here as an example due to op and following comments. It's actually a bad example in my opinion actually a very bad example. As far as bare minimums to reach the 1 mil plus example. China would be a better example. Having a number of cities exceeding 1 mil. All they did was boil the water from the river. So my point was all you need access to is water still holds in all cases world wide and no matter the year. Cause it's just factually true. Everything else is a result of the prosperity the water brings by allowing a great number of people to live. Trade is an obvious example.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC192041/ Do you one better medical research. Any further information you can mental gymnastics on to google. &gt;In a previous study (B. P. Lockhart, H. Tsiang, P. E. Ceccaldi, and S. Guillemer, Antiviral Chem. Chemother. 2:9-15, 1991), we demonstrated an antiviral effect of the general anesthetic ketamine for rabies virus in neuronal cultures and in rat brain. [I think your science understanding of rabies is a bit suspect if you think your brain needs to be "invincible", although ironically these types of drugs are called, a "neuroprotectant". So I'm kind of laughing here I guess your line of thinking might not be too wrong. Lol.](https://youtu.be/W7rJpRqK-8E) Looks like you did a little google searching and realized their were things that could be done but decided it wasn't a cure rather than say you were wrong. https://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/712839_4
I mean let's not be stupid here and pretend we can't cool or coma the patient while drugs are administered. I mean what is this 1989? You're living a few decades back. You don't even need blood in a patient these days...for fuck sakes acting like overheating is a dead end. I mean honestly this is ab-fucking-surd are you serious or trolling.
Someone get that hobbit to Mordor.
Neither was fleshed out wtf you talking about Dune is a fleshed-out sci-fi universe. Books came after to flesh out both Star Trek going on for decades if they were so fleshed out the authors wouldn't have to invent so much of it. I mean hell Rodenberry almost sank Star Trek. It was only after he died it regained steam. Also, dead people can't "flesh" anything out.
How about we just do live test servers? And bypass all this bullshit?
There technically worse than concentration camp's their designed to siphon public money to "house" people who technically provide up to 1-3 billion dollars in tax revenue. Now instead we're all paying to watch people get raped and killed. We're paying around 1500+ a month per person. Where as before Trump we paid $0 and just sent them back across the border when it was time. Even if you agree with the camps you gotta admit it's pretty fucking stupid economically. That why Trumps added 3 trillion to the deficit. He business sense is only how to line his pockets not how to run businesses. He was bailed out so many times in his businesses I'm not sure the correct amount of times.
Fucking agree I only purchased this game a few days ago but I've been avoiding this section of the store because it makes zero fucking sense.
Let me just aggressively drive straight at this Rhino that's trying to get away.
Small or larger pretty much covers every size except tiny. So it should just be worded any non tiny creature.
How old was No?? We must know the age of the innocent!
That was without a doubt a hard gg.
Lol really I was in here trying to figure out where she learned the crazy left hook.
What does NASA have to do with the Air Force through.
Damn not even a place within 50 miles.
Fuck no she already sailed that boat with her dirty tricks.
I notice you mention kids very often in your comment history. Care to take a seat?
That's a bit of an underplay. The Republicans and Putin have been working on this for 30-50 years. That's not luck that's some serious work to weaken all the protection in place before WW2 even started. Then a lot of the protections designed for the cold war. That's not luck that's deliberate effort. He's been working the old KGB objectives all the way till now.
They won't remember like we don't remember Tulsa.
80 names either you play a lot or a good deal of those names are not hackers.
*Hides under desk* Quick turn the lights out. They'll think we're gone. Big brain ideas.
I had my pitchfork lit with eternal hell fire, then I saw the word free. What am I suppose to do now?
She just was never good on her feet and honestly her fights had to have been picked for her to win for most of her career. They stopped coddling her and it shows. She fights like a toddler. Her ground game is fantastic but that's all she ever had.
They just want to know when the estate sale is for your shit.
You run out of fucking money and if money were punches in a boxing ring its about who runs out of steam.
It wasn't just "early" payment it was back payments as well. They were all starving and had no money.
Cartoons definitely more educational.
Damn Mozart got reincarnated as a dog.
NTA she would have been out on her ass in 10 seconds flat if she was that nasty with food. She's not smart enough to be around.
Ya I taste that shit too. I throw up if I eat too much chicken at least the low quality kind. If I get an Amish or free ranged (and I don't mean the shitty label) chicken I'm fine.
How often do these people have skin cancer later? 50% 60%? Has to be high. Also niccccccceeeeeee! Edit: Links for tards https://www.hallandwrye.com/real-life-ruined-skin-burning-man/ https://youtu.be/ZEt4T3HzLqY A lot of people who go boating or sailing also have skin cancers or skin damage. It's super common. 50% is probably an about correct amount of people who get skin damage. It's probably actually a low ball figure. Most of these people don't know how bad the damage will be even with SPF SPF only lasts a few hours if that. Having SPF on isn't enough. Clothing blocks the radition regardless of SPF used.
The only secret is she fucking hates the shit out of Trump and that she's only his wife for optics.
Most people don't even know what the word Fascist means. They have no fucking clue. Couldn't tell you the definition if you read it to them. That's why it's bad. Cause Fox News can say it means whatever the fuck they wish it to mean.
Damn so much more heart than a Louisville PD.
My mind must be fucked up but I assumed Op threaten to stick that in a special spot and make her a popsicle. Assumed red end was the attempt.
Did the snake move to Florida or the people?
Sounds like Chinese tactics. Ironically they learned the tactics from the US.
You're running an antivirus or something that allows a hook or other software to interfere. Basically it thinks youre running a cheat so shuts off. Very common in mmos.
I mean could have just watched the video.
I hope retailers can actually turn a profit now.
Why I camp with a 1911 and a shotgun. Anyone who's watched a movie with Hillbillies knows what I'm talking about. Go out prepared for Bears, Wolves, and Snakes but watch out for Man the most.
Looks like they got removed.
The more I see these videos the more I question does no one in America have guns?
Complaints? Dude should have taken a bullet. Like you guys notice all these people who try to intimidate are white? They're all pulling lethal weapons and in all these multiple events all the white people live. Guy standing on the courner happens to be black? Shot for no reason. No one finds that fucking odd? All these crazy bastards are proving a point in the difference in policing.
Than what the monopoly of Diamond? Their monopoly has been putting stores out of business for decades. Hell they were investigated as a monopoly.
They should require a MRI scan before you can be a cop. Frontal lobe too under developed, can't be hired. Problem solved.
You're just making pure assumptions. There's no argument to be had because we have no numbers. People in China can mail shit for as little as 0.02 cents all the way to the USA. Your just automatically assuming the price will be high regardless. You have no idea how shipping works. There is plenty of room for improvement. I don't do arguments in speculation unless I'm investing in something. So you can get a cardboard crown out and don yourself a regal out fit because you're the master of assumption and I'll never be king in that realm.
Do you sleep on your side? I'd just lift a heavy weight till the muscle was flushed out with blood. You can do the same thing with a Charley Horse. The nerves pick up the new signals and they eventually over ride the old.
Ya Ive been having this too. Somethings wrong with steam but I can't figure it out either. I'm expert level with PCs. I at first thought maybe it was the SSD I had but I moved the game to two other SSD drives I've had and both also had the issue so that leaves Steam. Nothing helps going through the standard steps. Steam should have their mess patched pretty quick. I wouldn't worry about it. I've had the issue last for 30mins to 1 hr (not downloading, trying to install). 5 mins is nothing in comparison. Somethings wrong with their file checking process causing them to keep seeking space they don't actually need then it keeps restarting the process or never begins the process. Almost bought a new NVME to check it out but it's not the SSDs.
Well cause technically he walked up to the person not the other way around. Anyone can have a weapon legally that's not a requirement to use physical force. I can have a rifle, pistol, or knife having these weapons or the possibility of having these weapons isn't grounds for rough treatment. Look at the White Nationals all armed during protests they were not treated in this manner. So either your saying all cops are racist or you have to admit that the possibility of being armed even when obvious isn't ground for mishandling a person. Cops often get confused by this notion that's why they get training. It is not a cops fear that dictates the law. He didn't even have the right to detain him let alone have the right to do anything else with him. A cop can not detain you for any reason they want. It has to be valid. Everything after that point was wrong. Which is something you can't grasp apparently.
Ya but come on their hands are tied. Give you some examples. Insurance coverage if someone tests positive during an accident the insurance isn't going to pay for it. Your talking millions. If they receive federal dollars Space X, they will have all the funding pulled. Your not talking a few bucks but 100s of millions of dollars for one dude smoking pot. Thats not a choice to be made lightly. Until the these United States protect individuals in the highest legislature branch in the county everyones hands are tied. Simple concept people. Go out and vote for people who respect the people and their harmless recreational activities!!! On a side note really people....
Stop trying to run people over? Are you assuming the vehicle driver is blind and didn't see the thousand or so people ahead? I mean if you were driving that fast in my direction I'd have every right to blow you the fuck away. Reaching into your car would be the last thing you'd have to worry about. Forget about exiting the car branishing a weapon after trying to run people over. Here's how media has reported it: &gt;Videos posted to social media depicted a black car driving through a crowd. No on appears to be struck by the car before it comes to a stop. https://ktla.com/news/nationworld/armed-man-plows-car-through-barricade-at-george-floyd-protest-in-seattle/ Here's what the police said: &gt;Authorities say a man drove a car at George Floyd protesters in Seattle Sunday night, hit a barricade, then got out of the vehicle brandishing a pistol. At least one person was wounded https://www.cbsnews.com/news/man-drives-into-seattle-protest-shoots-one/ Now fuck off with your alternative view. At what point in your brain does a person driving at high speeds at a barricade put to keep cars out not enter your mind as a threat to the protesters? Everything beyond that he instigated. All of those protestors could legally open fire at that point. They chose to nonlethally apprehend them and that was their mistake. A person may use deadly force to prevent a felony crime to be commited or the fleeing of said crime within reason.
Try installing the drivers for it.
Jlist.com or yesasia.com
He's on my freinds list as far as I know hes not a bot. Then again someone might have stole the account.
Should make them illegal. They do the same thing with high demand jobs like Nurse Aides. People don't realize that, its what keeps the industry able to pay Nurse Aides as little as $8 starting.
Hell when I was born which was over 3 decades ago you had to go to the Embassy to claim your citizenship from Korea. News to me they're now forcing it onto people. I know they changed it shortly after I was born but utterly unaware of what it was. Now Im wondering my status I've been meaning to stop by an embassy to check. Even called before never got a direct answer.
Damn too high, took me way way too long to find that part of it. I felt like I took a math class by the time I found the damn thing.
When you did the killing because of your religion.
Its over 1.5k for the thing. Still eyeing it hard. I'm wondering what kind of graphics card could handle that beast.
The updates are mostly for the store. You have to have every item purchased on your hard drive so when you see them in game from someone else you see a shape, colors, and ect,. otherwise you'd be getting shot by invisible people with invisible guns.
Well considering people on controllers regularly win match ups in tournaments. It gives a good deal of advantage for what is practically autoaim. You merely have to sweep a target and it stops on the target. With weapons like one shot snipers and shotguns. It helps a LOT. It almost makes it look like you guys have some skills with that crutch.
Ya but anything with a sharp edge can chop a tree aka shovels with axe edges and any dagger dull even can penetrate flesh if press hard enough. In other words other shit will do the job but not as good. A pen will go to your brain and it's not a dagger.
Whats the game called?
Hey I am a satanist and your dad can still go fuck himself. NTA also tell your dad he has to take you to court and file an eviction notice. Take all the time you can get before moving and if he tries any dumb shit just involve the police.
That's pretty amazing for an empty plastic water bottle. The first one bounces all over the place. The second he must have imbued with magic. Also strangely his aim must be magical too since his first plastic bottle beamed off someones head that second must have autoaim.
Well the first one just bops a protester in the head, second one is an over hand toss onto a shield.
You can just use water. Insects still need to breath. Reminds me of the stupidest ER doctor on the planet trying to get a roach out with tweezers. The insect tore through a young womans ear drum as it tried to escape being torn apart. Lost most of her hearing in that one ear. So doing it yourself can also save you from a moron with a PHD piece of paper too.
That's terrible advice changing a display to 120hz when its playing a movie recorded in 24fps isn't going to be noticeable. The chances a store has something to test the setting with will be pretty slim across the board with all bottlenecks removed and a performance display...that's like saying go check out the unicorns.
Then get shot. Cause that's what would happen if you were coming at me with a deadly weapon.
It's your fault you failed to notify anyone.
Well if you don't have an alternative answer then step aside. Change starts somewhere.
Make it illegal to not report and force unions to agree to the changes or dismantle the existing police and bring in new with no union present.
Hows this guy find room to keep dropping.
Figured it was something like that. He's way too fucking happy that he painted his face black to be a threat felt that way when I first saw him. The boys in a happy place in his mind and I hope he was treated better than I expect a white boy with black face would be treated in such a situation.
Fuck those ppl just give me a copy.
Just why?? Why?
Dude you clearly smell nothing cause your waist deep in your own shit. Even the GOP thinks he's a nutter. So what's that tell you. He flip flops so hard if he were a compass pointing north the damn thing would somehow be hitting the S. Also didn't the entire Democratic Party speak out against no knock warrants. https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/pelosi-top-democrats-unveil-police-reform-bill-n1227376 &gt;The bill, called the “Justice in Policing Act,” would ban chokeholds, including the kind used by a then-Minneapolis police officer in the death of George Floyd last month, as well as no-knock warrants in drug cases, as was used in the incident leading to the fatal shooting of Breonna Taylor in Louisville, Kentucky, in March, according to a a House Democratic aide and a bill summary obtained by NBC News Lets see if Rand Pauls actions match his words then we'll pretend he's a good guy. Let's see if he votes this into law.
I donno about being a princess but I can feel a micron spec on my bed.
My wife tells me I'm crazy but those specs of fluff, crumbs, or fuzballs hell I swear I can feel mites eating my dead skin.
Legalize weed, and I'll believe.
That's a lot of matter on that white life.
I gotta ask do they teach Germans about the holocaust?
The fucked up thing is loading or unloading allowd you to double park and many other things for a short period of time. It's unlikely the ticket would even hold up in court.
You legally couldn't even write a ticket let alone arrest the guy. &gt;(c) The prohibitions in this section shall not apply to the following: (1) **The expeditious loading or unloading, delivery, or pick-up of goods, wares, merchandise, or passengers at an address within the block where the vehicle is parked;** https://library.municode.com/mi/detroit/codes/code_of_ordinances/304930?nodeId=DECO_CH55TRVE_ARTIVLORE_DIV3STSTPA_S55-4-31COSI#:~:text=Except%20when%20necessary%20to%20avoid%20conflict%20with%20other%20traffic%20or,a%20commercial%20vehicle%20for%20any I did delivery or expeditious medical deliveries, organs, legs, biopsies, emergency blood. If a cop would stop me someone would die. You really should print out the laws on a card especially the exemption part. Cops don't know the laws and they enforce their imagination or what they believe.
I donno if anyone noticed but the link is wrong: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/My_Name_Is Most impressive part of this whole thing is no one noticed.
And the latter was just there behind his couch waiting for the solemn day.
I had to say this is wrong but it is. Larger land mines made for vehicles don't blow up immediately when stepped on. They require a heavy level of pressure since a person doesn't weight the same as a tank you can't set it off just by stepping on it. However they require a double trigger meaning it needs to pressed more than once. Old ones can trigger off a person. There are also antihandler mines which are designed to kill people who remove the mines that trigger after its pressed but has a delay such as a fuse. It's designed to blow up after being removed. So although not common ops premise in some aspect is incorrect. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-handling_device Super rare but happens to actually exist. These are the hollywood movie ones.
Legalize weed and I will believe.
I'm not old bitch...wtf...I will back hand the fuck outta these young punks.
Prepared to be forcibly inducted like it was a frat house. Get the paddle!!!
I feel like hes doing more than vid chatting with that voice.
I don't get this one. Are we talking muskets or something?
I had a cop say I was too close to a truck. He issued me a warning. I asked him how close is too close. He said you need to be 2 seconds or more behind a truck (semi). I already knew this was all bullshit. There was two trucks one in front one in back either I pull out in front of a truck with a good distance which legally you have to or that's a ticket. I don't believe there's an actual law for tailing a truck though. Anyway I ask him how close did he think I was. He said I was 2 seconds....then he trails off for a second "or just slightly under". He goes back to his car for about 10 mins. Second cop car shows up. He suddenly starts asking questions where am I going. Ect basically looking for an answer that would give him probable cause to search. At the point where he asks if I've done crack, meth, ect,. I just start laughing. He looks confused. Asks if he can search the car and I said sure from out side with your eyes. He keeps telling me theirs drug dealers out there. Which I have no fucking clue what that has to do with me. To get him off my back I show him whats in the trunk. I make sure he knows I can stop and control the search. Nothing but camping gear. He asks if he can open stuff. I say hell no took me forever to pack those hiking bags. Then he asks me if he can search it with a dog. I say sure knock your self out. Nothing. Then he asks me how many thousands do I have on me. I say 500 bucks. Can I search the front? Nope use your eyes. He only pulled me over cause I was brown. I know what the score is and it isn't the first time. As an asian man I'm whatever the other person hates more a mexican drug lord or an asian that needs to go back to his country. I was born here and my family has fought in every war from the Revolutionary War to the gulf. I think the one war we have not been involved in is 9/11.
I did originally. It took me a while to improve so I used controller on PC till I adapted to the game.
Satanic Temple the ones who piss of zealots.
Wait this is a lie right? Didn't they just move this to require more signatures?
Just pay for a college course in literally studying. Problem solved. They likely even have a few free study hall classes. That's what I do but over the PC.
I have no racial bias but I have a white dad a brown mom and multiracial freinds. Also the higher your IQ the less likely you will have a racial bias. https://www.csmonitor.com/USA/Society/2016/0127/The-surprising-relationship-between-intelligence-and-racism That said smart people tend to disconnect. Like I would condone nuking this planet and eliminating the human race. That said tribal mentality is a fundamental flaw in a civilized world. One that exists throughout all races I tried to explain this to a adult who ran a antiracism program in our schools when I was 8. She had no fucking clue what I was saying. It didn't occur to her prejudice is a fundamental part of being human. It's what protects us from making mistakes a built in cautionary measure. The cure for racism is literally a better education and improved interracial schooling.
Legalize weed and I will believe!
Basically we as a species are not educated enough to enjoy scifi.
I couldn't do fast food jobs and honestly you shouldn't either. Look through craigslist or something else like a hospital job. Low adaptability is not stupidity.
If you use the word mansplain your already the ass and you know it.
It's way worse than it appears. &gt;Canada’s race problem? It’s even worse than America’s. https://www.macleans.ca/news/canada/out-of-sight-out-of-mind-2/ Canada is better than America in one way raping, killing, and abusing natives. https://unchronicle.un.org/article/discrimination-aboriginals-native-lands-canada https://globalnews.ca/news/6626029/indigenous-people-canada-racism-wetsuweten-blockades/ https://current.ecuad.ca/canadas-hidden-racism https://www.cbc.ca/firsthand/m_blog/dont-believe-the-hype-canada-is-not-a-nation-of-cultural-tolerance Last time I mentioned this I was heavily downvoted but the reality is systemic racism in Canada can't even truly be measured. It's extreme. In one point Canada was attempting to commit genocide by killing and raping as many natives as possible as a plan to deal with natives. https://www.cbc.ca/news/indigenous/genocide-case-inquiry-1.5160941 https://nowtoronto.com/news/missing-and-murdered-canada-genocide/ It's beyond a problem Canada has denied it to a point of making it a fundmental part of their country.
Ok
I'm pretty sure I've had covid19 at some point. Ever since I got over it I have some weird ass asthma like symptoms like difficulty breathing.
Legalize weed and I believe.
For at will employees.
Nothing's really changed since the start and nothings going to change in beta and nothings going to change on release. They would be better off hiring elementary kids to do the game. They made a survival game mmo. Except it has no survival elements and no mmo elements. So what the fuck is this abomination?
Can't think of an MMO that hasn't. Can you name an MMO that hasn't changed like this? Usually they evolve an area.
Ya but the question was remove old content and obviously they did.
"We've" is not a a singular identifier. Moron...
Come we all know that was a ghost.
What is this a porno parody we're filming?
There is no content you can show off everything they have to offer in a 30 second clip.
Uh...there are a lot of racists. Tipping was designed as a form of Racism. By allowing white people to not tip blacks and it not automatically being illegal as it's per individual rather than a form of wage. It's ironically become wage these days and should be more regulated but its not. Shit back then I'd say racism was a fundamental foundation of the economy and the nation. Even now weed is regulated to prevent those who suffered most for its existence to be precluded from its economic impact. Which is the original reason for its sole design to hinder and harm the black community. Now white people have moved in to profit. Just gentrification of the weed market. https://medium.com/royal-qulture/global-gentrification-of-cannabis-c5602b851f6b
Get a new doctor. Also you'll need a neurologist to rule out MS. Guide right here: https://www.ssa.gov/OP_Home/rulings/di/01/SSR2012-02-di-01.html
I've seriously been waiting over 10 years.
There's almost no education required.
Well if they were the sex original to then they'd just call themselves a boy or girl. That eliminates the possibility of them being the original gender. Logic.
Can't see the video it's blocked by junkin media or something.
This whole fucking area is so gd racist.
The people who made this game based it on survival games and have done little to no research into mmos and due to the fact that the survival aspect is completely gutted they swapped into a genre they know nothing about. Since they know nothing and didn't even research the genre they're repeating mistakes from the 90s. They're incompetence is amazing. I would say this game will make for a great lesson for developers moving but the lessons are already out there. The only aspect of this game that's impressive is how did the designers get to spent Amazon dollars yet be so incompetent. How did these guys get hired??
The coronavirus just mutated to be 10x more contagious. That might be the answer.
Ya but that's for defence not summary executions.
I'm a bit confused how he could rape someone for several months without the person he was raping finding out about it. Smells a bit fishy. You would think after the first time they'd say something not continue with it for many months after. Unless I'm reading the article wrong.
I swear it gets that bad sometimes.
I think your confused there's different degrees of murder and only some of them require an intent to be proved others don't. You're making it sound like there is only one category.
It doesn't matter to Fox News viewers they're either too stupid to care or just don't care in the first place.
How could you tell? There were no blinkers on. If you mean by the fact that he's just turning abruptly into the next lane and the bike going almost 20MPH up the street could easily avoided it by pressing on his nonexistent vehicular brakes to instantly stop on a dime. I don't believe bikes have those... &amp;#x200B; The car has committed multiple infractions and will get multiple tickets for a reason. Some of those tickets wouldn't even involve the bike.
Why does Klingon sound Jewish? Wait are Klingons just Hebrews in space?
The North used them as soliders and they got their ass kicked. So I guess theyre wrong.
Must have forgotten to train them to do their normal fucking job too.
I agree theyre god damn heros.
They would have to be pretty stupid to think that regardless the bar goes up and only one vehicle can go through at a time. If the arm was up for a minute or longer that thought might be logical. The thing was up the whole of ONE full second. There's no way.
Amazon doesn't hold the license for the game at all. They're merely working with thr main company (Leyou) to help develop it. This grants Amazon the right to publish it in a few key markets. Before Amazon, Athlon Games was the previous partner.
AGS isn't making the game they're a supporting studio. Leyou is making the game. That's the reason it's free to play Leyou specifically aims to create free to play cash grabs. Unfortunately both companies have no MMO experience and are both mediocre at developing games.
Nothing to spoil the videos already show everything.
From what seems to be happening the police are trumping up most of the crime anyway. Crimes go down when there are no police. Meaning despite any calls. The police have quotas they have to meet and end up creating crimes.
Like wtf some dirty minded states.
Federal laws are made by the states through something called Congress. It's like you heard about laws but don't know how they actually work.
Except the reason he picked it is because he bought a Mill called Quaker Mill and made cereal from this mill hence the name Quaker Oats. That's where the idea was seeded.
You and the devs both....lol.
Man 25k is not enough some of these guys are making 250k a year.
Talk about having a needle dick.
Every video on reddit is owned by Jukin Media.
I mean technically neither did Hitler.
Does Nancy think Germany is in the United States?
Hes already positive why do you think he refuses to see any doctors. Bastard has the asymptomatic version.
"Look at this fucking white boy"
Wait is this the serial killer cop that's killed 12 people or one of the others?
Nice?!!
Its because we come programed: https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2011/06/110602162820.htm#:~:text=In%20other%20words%2C%20people%20eat,iron%2C%20zinc%2C%20or%20calcium.
My kids not circumcised and we do nothing special to care for him at all. The skin doesn't come back for years so there should be no special care required other than bathing more often. Literially make sure his junk goes into the water that's it. Thing doesn't even seperate till there almost 5.
That ain't the only thing you missed your 1000% wrong about Korean teens too.
People who use labels and boxes are proven to have lower IQs. Its a tool often used by people with poor intelligence to simplify complex issues. It's an evolutionary trait really so it's not your fault. I just wanted to point out it makes your arguement a moot point. What accuracy? Two unarmed people, unarmed people period? Spam messages? You mean the incidents keep happening over and over and nothing changes? Maybe you think these things are inaccurate because you've never put any time in your entire life to find the truth rather have talking heads tell you your own reality rather than live in it. **Get your head out of your ass.**
Ya your right the cop was in a fight with two unarmed civilians and he didn't "fight" a six year old he massacred him. Not sure what your point was? That it was far worse?
Man I don't get how they think they can just tear every statue down. Slavery was a common thing. We can't just tear down every single statue. By that logic we should tear down every police building, every court house, every government center in our entire country. I can see confederate statues since they embodied the slavery sentiment but ALL statues? Should we start registering every person who's ancestry has a slave owner? Then what? There has to be logic in place here.
You can but the only difference is the subtly is just internalized and you can only say so many things in so many ways they all boil down the person having an issue. Often issues or stances of opinion are a fundamental part of the person. There is a difference between being BLUNT and being DIRECT.
Keyboard or toy...
Third one is just as bad the mod has his website linked and pinned.
Youre linking a video that the op already linked in the post. Thanks?? Actual useful link: https://newsmaven.io/pinacnews/cops-in-cuffs/texas-deputy-charged-for-slapping-man-after-telling-man-to-slap-him-first-PWwEVFQeyEOXbGoJNdGhWA
Bitches like her are why men have to keep receipts.
Receipt in this context means proof. Video, recording, whatever for whatever.
It's likely a lot of their clients do order multiple vehicles and even some fleets would order many many orders at the same time. This is a higher end vehicle that requires a good amount of funds to acquire.
He's testing to see what it's like to be a prison bitch.
What you think someones tits are crotch level. Even if it was a tit we don't want to see those kind.
The insurance is one thing but he could sue him seperately for threatening assault, inflicting emotional damage, ect,. the guy just has to go to a councilor. He could probably get 100k or so.
Theres no way cause I have nearly that much and I don't remember buying all that much.
Wait that might actually be where its from. A deep alchoholic issue.
I'd take that bet I guarantee Doc was accused of sexual assult.
I mean from a legal stand point it'd be hazardous for Twitch. You can't just vacate contracts and to be able to just cancel it for standard negotiation means the contract was never legal as no contract can be upheld when so one sided. There would have to be a clause that would allow them to do so.
I think he might have gotten kicked off for denying coronavirus. He spouted about David Icke which is a quack who just got kicked from a lot of social media for spouting nonsense and denial. The Doc was following a similar foot step.
Started out as an overweight chick, became a man.
They just assume that our 8TBs are all for Call of Duty.
Terms of Service like these should be illegal. They are too broad to be enforceable and I think Twitch is about to find out.
