Didn't she say she wanted to rebuild the Jedi/Jedi council or something?
I believe when I was younger I saw them first(in only 24). I think I saw TPM and AotC before RotS and I don't have memory of actually seeing E4,5,6 before 1,2 so I think I fit this. The only emotion I had was how awful the lightsaber fight was compared to things in the prequels and I still feel the same way. Even at their age and Anakin being 90% robot they should've been more agile due to the force and did more than touch their lightsaber tips together. Now the actual symbolism of Obi-Wan being struck down for Luke and for himself to become a force ghost was a cool thing. I was more "upset" about Anakins fate more than Obi-Wans.
Only one still showing up with a price for me is Psycho
I don't really have an issue with Rey that much, but when her actress and other people come out and say she's stronger than Anakin, Yoda, Obi-Wan, Mace Windu and Sidious then I have an issue. If she isn't a Skywalker, born by the force like Anakin or related to some sort of high profile force user then it's pretty dumb that she's supposedly all powerful. All you have to do is just say something like "She's the great granddaughter of Qui-Gon Jinn" and I'd be perfectly fine with her being powerful(though strongest ever? No.). Im perfectly fine with showing other aspects of war times and how other places look and do things, but Canto Bight was wasted and just dumb. There was no actual plot point other than finding a certain person, nothing happened there that helped the movie and unless the little kid is going to do something then that stuff was just dumb. I'm not upset with Leia using the force since she's a fucking SKYWALKER and force sensitive, but her flying through space was FUCKING STUPID AS FUCK. I'm sorry but it really was fucking stupid. Where did she learn that? Who trained her to do that? How can someone with no training do something that big? Why is she the only one to do it? It was just a silly ridicules scene and they could've done better to show off a force power from her. I also want to point out how your stuff about Leia goes against Rey. Since Leia is a Skywalker and force sensitive it's alright because she's linked to something but when fans are upset that Rey is doing all this shit and isn't link to someone it isn't ok???? Luke might have "disconnected" from the force but the dude use forced pull against Rey. How do you explain that one if he's so "disconnected" and I'd like to argue that nobody is ever actually disconnected. He turned Vader because Anakin had been fighting Vader for years. The whole stuff with Ben is pretty fucky because I don't thing any Jedi during the Republic would've killed their padawans because they might become someone. I doubt Obi-Wan and the Council would've killed Anakin if they knew he might become a Sith. I don't have an issue with Luke not wanting to get involved in the war(though Obi-Wan did in a way and he also went in hiding). My issue is that when he had a change of heart he never actually showed up but instead used some random Hologram force power(I'm actually not upset with this like I am with Leia becoming superman) and then dies? I have an issue with the way he died.
That's like the third person within a year to leave ND
You said they should do it based on a characters merit and ignore the "movies vs cartoons" so I asked if you think those cartoon characters should come before the movies characters. You argued against yourself in that statement. They should use merits(how important they are) but also shot down the argument for how Movies characters are more important than cartoon characters and all I ask(in a different way) if you think they should come before the movie characters if Dice found their merits more
Because that's what you want....
Didn't expect to see Shaggy
I wanted to get into this game so badly at launch but I was turned off from buying it
And a filler had to be made for her backstory so people would have something
Only one who did that(snatching and just placing in their eye socket) was Madara and that can be explained by him having the Sage powers at that point so he didn't need a medic to implant them
They do filler for various reasons like needed more money for the animation, trying to make some distance from the manga, etc. I forget which series(I think Hunter x Hunter) but one of them had to completely end the anime because the manga author would take many breaks and the anime would just fun through all the manga content. Like the Boruto mange is a monthly manga and the anime studio is doing their own stuff kind of like filler, but it's canon because Kishimoto(Naruto and Boruto creator) and Kodachi(Boruto writer) are supervising and the anime episodes are being adapted as novels.
The X1 UI is an atrocious mess and Xbox fans will even tell you that. PS4 UI is fine and if you don't like a bunch of stuff just use folders
Is the doctor not obligated to tell someone if the president isn't mentally stable??
How do we explain the TCW scene where he's a force ghost?
Yeah we probably shouldn't look into it, but the dude has his Episode 3 look going on.
Force ghost
He is doing his job haha I don't think you understand what a community manager does. Yeah he lashed out on people crying about things and of course he's going to support something his employer does. Afaik I don't think they ever confirmed he bribed anyone and he's denied it every time it's brought up. He's a fine community manager and the only thing people are upset is how he called out the fanbase, but saying you shouldn't trust him is bullshit.
I'm confused why Chloe is there since she wasn't at the vortex party where Kate was drugged afaik
It hasn't been explained who his current body is right? I like to assume it's a white Zetsu and he now doesn't have to switch bodies anymore.
Fuck even Lil B went after him?
It's not thy he could do better but he said that Eminem used Untouchable to get sales off Black pain and everyone is calling Joe on his bullshit. Now he can say Untouchable is bad(def not the worst song ever like he said), but loyalty should come into play and be said behind closed doors. That's only one thing, but him trying to say Em used something like Untouchable for sales is complete bullshit and people like Bizarre and 50 are calling him out on it.
Boruto's grandfathers son
Can't tell if you're serious
Don't see what that has to do with anything
Oh I thought you were saying that's a negative thing, my bad Edit: just notice you didn't do a direct reply so this looked weird
Joe straight up said Em and Paul used Untouchable to get sales off of Black pain. Dude also said Untouchable was the worst song he's ever heard and you don't do that out in the public when you're supposed to be loyal. These are the main reasons guys like 50 and Bizarre are upset and more so Bizarre because like you said Joe was attacking him. Bizarre is trying to show that Joe isn't loyal and from what we learned from the Slaughterhouse stuff, Joe isn't loyal.
You can pretty much justify everyone Villains actions and even deem them to not even really seem like true villains. I think the only ones were Kaguya and Black Zetsu that straight up felt like villains
I'm not saying to sign Darvish or anything(I wouldn't be against it) but something's got to give with signing another starter so we have some depth.
Are these fans even going to play the online enough to make it worth them keeping it alive? The whole reason they're probably shutting it down because nobody is playing the online and they're just funneling money into something that's dead
I mean I could see that he was asked to take it down because of how more "child friendly" Boruto is supposed to be.
No it's not
Just seeing the tweet and 🤔 makes it seem like he'd like to be a Yankee Fuck I know his contract will be big but I'm wanting him here more and more lately and idk why
The main game and Witcher 3 version f the card game has differences. I forget the exact ones but I prefer the Witcher 3 version
Nothing shown here has any proof so idk what you're talking about. Removing David Cage would be a terrible thing to do. Idc if you hate his writing or not.
We know multiple outlets are reporting but I haven't seen multiple people accusing the studio of this. Yes I like his games but I'm not just going to condemn someone just because an allegation came out. We've seen this so many times from disgruntled ex employees. I also never said not to have an investigation if some protection agency(however it works) or Sony deems worthy. Are we forgetting that it's INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY?
Just exactly what ND said. I hate how everyone just condemns someone over a baseless allegation that has no proof to back it up. Sucks that disgruntled ex employees can get away with this stuff.
So I'm supposed to believe and condemn everyone over an allegation? Look at the allegation against ND, absolutely nothing became of them. Innocent until proven guilty
We have guys like DRob to trade if need be for Yu.
Well Boba is fucking useless
Grevious, Obi-Wan, Anakin and even Dooku, but I don't think those others deserve to be in before him. Maybe Mace but he doesn't have a dark side saber counterpart.
I'm sure they do work, but EA sent out to the stores to not sell them anymore. Just saying you technically shouldn't have gotten them, but congrats
Call their support tomorrow and see what they can do, but don't treat the phone rep bad if they say they can't do anything because you broke the ToS, they aren't responsible for initiating the ban and are just doing their jobs.
Really? Fuck OP
From the early impressions I've seen it's great with people but boring Solo.
I would be happy if they brought him back for TM, but I think I want him back for the next God of War. Like how they brought back Cory maybe they can bring back David for the next game
Only answer is to trade him to the braves
He won't be at Raw because of this bullshit? Fuck man
Sure you're 100% right, but they're probably not going to like this. They have no intentions to do cross play if it benefits Mictosoft more than them and they will probably have Epic remove this ASAP
You have to also think of it as a company, Shirlock. There's absolutely no reason for Sony to do it and I almost guarantee that if MS leads next gen and Sony wants to do Cross play, MS will refuse.
Maybe stop constantly forcing Halo, Gears and Forza all the time and actually take risks with a new IP. They need Sea of Thieves to do well.
Ew that's not my kamino
Hopefully he does wrestle against a legend on Raw 25
That and if she wasn't such an asshole to non humans and even some humans. At least that's my issue. I always pick Kaiden mainly because of ME3. In ME3 he has way more interactions with the other squad mates and I believe he's even had more cutscenes Edit: downvoted for pointing out Ashley is a racists when it comes to non humans
EA again. EA are one of the few with the big enough budget to make these games. It's practically not a discussion because they will outbid anyone anyways.
That and we've known that Anakin and Vader have been fighting internally for many years
Loving Katasuke as a character and I didn't think I would. Ikemoto did better with the art, but I still wish Kishi picked someone else. That being said I am more open to him constantly improving(which he is). Please explain why Ao is a bad guy soon Kodachi EXCUSE ME?? LIGHTSABERS?? I'm all for the technology stuff and agree that it's a good plot point or it would just be like redoing Naruto again, but cmon lightsabers really??? Darth Ao with his twin saber vs Boruto Kenobi. I'm still engaged enough to enjoy what we have, but I'm hoping this series doesn't last as long as Naruto did.
Please hurry because I can't stand Boruto being who he is about the Hokage much longer. Edit: downvoted for??????? Everyone hates his attitude towards the Hokage so why am I downvoted? This sub is so shitty sometimes
You need to remove your tinfoil hat
It affects the people that make and publish these games, it's Piracy. Every other day piracy is frowned upon, but in this instance apparently nobody gives a shit about piracy anymore
I highly doubt he'll stop working with either one of those people. I see people's arguments against Rubin, but Skylar is amazing so I don't get why you want that.
As long as Kishi and Kodachi is supervising and Ikemoto illustrating the novel adaptations then it's all canon. Until a "filler" doesn't have all of that then we will just be back to how like Naruto made filler to give the manga some distance. That being said I don't think they'll just make it seasonal with gaps like that. They probably have a set thing when they'll start into new manga content and then I'm sure they'll flesh out things there more than what we have. They're in a good place as long as they don't rush things.
Yeah the lack of Gordon was interesting, but I bet he will be in episode 5
The header made it seem like it was going to be negative, but the guy was mainly positive.
I'd love to play it, but my main reason for wanting this to do well is that EA won't give up on them and continue letting them do DA and ME.
I'd rather Ewan voice him but I assume he'd cost too much
Chris how was it voicing Kuwabara in Yu Yu Hakusho? The whole cast is great, but he's arguanly the best character
I need him to come back in some form to talk to Boruto please
You know I think they should've done a shrine for Shepard in MEA, it would make the whole picking your Shepard gender but meaningful.
All they would need is to get a com link telling them that Shepard repelled a Reaper invasion. Don't even need to bring up any endings
Inquisition was great so I'm excited
I feel that would be the best explanation for it.
Would they consider trading Braun?
Well that WS a quick debunk
the references are: Udina as counselor. Udina can be on the council if chosen at the end of one, but I don't think they'd do that so I assume it's about how he becomes councilor no matter what at the end of 2. They mention James Vega and the stuff that happened in his movie. They mention a ship coming out of the Omega 4 relay. Now this could be the collector ship, but I like to assume it's probably the Normandy. The final thing is how there are reports of Shepard being spotted on Omega. Now it's pure speculation, but I believe his collector fight is probably more known than most things Shep has done.
Wasn't the time between season 1 and 2 the shortest did any seasons?
What do you want their customer support people to tell you?
Wait what? I don't think you're fully understanding this. Take Two owns 2K so they have the final word and their last two games(NBA2K and WWE2K) have forms of loot boxes and MTXs.
That's good news. Give me many seasons for Battlefront 2
Let’s just ignoring how she was healing everyone, helped with Kaguya, etc.
No they’re not
Did Ino punch Kaguya which helped Naruto and Sasuke deal her because she’s was about to impale them with her bone jutsu thing? No? Didn’t think so
Not saying it’s a good thing, but they’ll call up someone like Cessa for spot starts if needed
You and everyone else including myself says this but then we buy it day one
I’m not saying their skins are above and beyond, but you’d rather they reuse assets and slap them on other characters? You’d guys would just complain of how lazy they are and how they copied mods
Same with people that are upset with the next Battlefield and FIFA We are all going to gobble that shit up and most of us probably already have them pre ordered
Anakin not being in the game is going to be the biggest travesty and you already know Anakin is going to be a selling point for the next game
I’m not saying the simplicity of it was better even though I do find the old combat way better and more fluid What I find better? The animations and how fluid the combat is if I chose to actually attacked instead of holding block and countering(which you didn’t have to if you didn’t want to) All I’m saying is that the half assed Souls like combat in Origins was garbage It’s opinion so idk what you’re bringing up the whole “point is not valid” shit Sorry my opinion upset you but it’s a shit combat and I’ve seen people complain about it as well
I like how each division has the same amount of teams currently and a new one would throw that off I’d assume they’d have to balance it out right? 1 new team to the AL and one to the NL?
It’s an MMO...
Saw it last night and I’m going to say the movie was Alright but it really wasn’t needed and wasn’t a blow me away movie Like I don’t want to say it was bad but it was ehhh
He’s done it like twice already
They’ve done it like twice already They started Toe at second and Torres at SS Can’t believe nobody remembers
I think it will break something per usual
He’s not ready because there was a report of him trying out new glasses and still experienced symptoms. I don’t not believe they could be holding him down on purpose but they should call him up as soon as Drury gives the ok and slot him right away as the starter Cash envisions him as breaking out like DiDi and Drury has more upside on the offense and he can’t be worse on defense
Because Drury has way more upside on offense and defense. You don’t want him to start fully healthy? Take his stats while having blurry vision and then imagine what they’ll be healthy I don’t dislike Andujar(tho his defense is absolute garbage) but you all have a weird hard on for anyone that comes up so I don’t understand why nobody can imagine Drury being the better option for the next couple of years
Idk man I think he’s started there every game so far
Honestly could’ve been a yankee fan as well since half the fans want to blow it up if they lose 2 games in a row Mets aren’t trading their young pitching so who would they blow up and trade?
Hicks, Gardner, Judge, Harper or Frazier You pick I don’t think you understand the second part of if we have Harper he still has no room because we’d already have 4 OFs without Hicks and Gardner
8 keepers 10 team H2H
If I waited it out and hoped he turned around(curious if the humidor is what’s causing it) but in my league everyone agrees it’s a fair trade and agree I’m probably selling Goldy a bit short
Double edge sword because we also saw Verlander
So they’re not playing right?
This is fun We have a double header with Baltimore next month and August, we have a make up game with Washington and a double header with them and I think we have a double header with Detroit also? Edit: actually the Washington is a 6th inning start and I think we also play a make up game with them the same day
It’s going to be sage mode because why wouldn’t he copy everything Naruto has done? Sexy jutsu Shadow clones Rasengan Toad summoning Possibly has a thing with a Huyga(?) I can’t complain too much since he does have the ability to use Asuma’s burning ash and Hiruzen’s shurikan shadow clones, but I wish he didn’t copy Naruto so much and I do hope he doesn’t have sage mode but I know he will
Would that even matter if the Yankees wanted to switch to Jet Blue?
It’s a direct sequel to Naruto in the Naruto universe They’re indeed milking the IP Next you’re going to tell me Dragonball Super isn’t Dragonball Z and it’s completely different and not milked
Dude that’s exactly what milking the IP is
This game won’t have Anakin in it and it’s going to be a fucking travesty You have lead heads at Dice and the community manager asking Anakin is in because of Vader I’m not going to be an ass and call out Dennis and Ben’s knowledge of the SW lore like that one guy, but Disney has made it a big point to show how they’re separate people mainly with these new Vader comics and it makes me sad when people still blurt out shit like “well we have Vader and he’s Anakin” Even without George and Disney making it a point to have them be different people, Vader still isn’t light side Anakin and they play differently
It would be Jango and Padme as counterparts because I doubt they’ll have release a saber and blaster together and this is even barring if we ever get any new heroes again
He’s not in the game so stop with that shit ffs Read the new Vader comics and you’ll see how Disney is making it a point to show how Vader and Anakin are separate people and how Anakin and Vader fought against each other internally for many years up until Luke freed Anakin from Vader And if you don’t like that then just look up anything where George himself has said they’re different people
When will he activate the Rinnegan?
Not like it would do anything or go past anything than the back page of some random newspaper
The “ah shit I’ll have to cut my hair” look
Good luck Che
Sanchez is going to be moved to first base at some point in his career(like Mauer and soon Posey the way SF keeps easing him into playing first) to lessen his body getting beat up. As good as Romine is this year he isn’t an everyday starter and he’s going to be like 35 when this draft pick even gets called up I don’t even think Higashioka’s ceilings is that big enough to be a starter
Did we win the series? I forgot what the first game was a win or not
I can understand them keeping him down until like Andujar has a really bad stretch and then insult Drury into the starting role, but Tyler Austin can’t be a better backup than him
You wouldn’t happen to have the link would you
I got scared after doing it and removed my CC after I hit purchase I checked my email and it didn’t give me the usually “money was added” or whatever and only the confirmation thing where it said I paid $0.00 Still was paranoid enough to remove my CC afterwards tho because this is the first time I’ve ever made of for one of these mess ups before it got fixed Edit: I’ll be fine with adding my CC back right? They won’t charge after the fact later right?
Not only that but if you’ve never played PS3 before then it’s a better deal And then every month within those 12 months seems to be getting more PS4, PS3 and PS2 games
What game had that happen to last year?
It’s not Bloodborne 2
Or Cessa 🤢
Hey and you never know maybe Drury with normal vision could start lighting the league on fire I actually like your proposal to ride out Drury and see what we got and if we don’t have what we want then we try to get one of those 3B’s during the free agency
Is the Yankees actually his favorite team?
He barely has that much time in AAA so I don’t think so
You’re right he wasn’t healthy so I don’t understand why you keep bringing up this Disney shit
Yeah because actually seeing the ball for once won’t do anything
It’s been like that for like two months now
Let’s not ignore that the ball flys in Arlington
Because I like Telltale games
Eventually Max will start to regress so I was wondering what year you think I should trade him in a keeper league and get as much as I can for him? Obviously not this year, but I assume his age and the amount his arm has gone through will eventually catch up to him
Bit of a joke
Stop
Seems lazy to ha r Orochimaru be connected to Kara when Oro isn’t “bad” anymore Why would he endanger his son like that?
How would dlc even work unless it’s a prequel
I think in the novel Kakashi even says purple lightning is stronger
Yes I’m wondering if I replay the story without saving if it works
Not if Torres is needed You want to throw them Andujar and others then sure
No it wouldn’t be that much of a dip and anyone who thinks that just doesn’t want to trade Andujar because of their weird love for prospects
Seriously what is wrong with you? You keep bringing up a stat that shouldn’t be the stat that judges everyone, you act like Dozier is bad, you act as if Drury is doing nothing in AAA, you completely ignore his blurry vision and migraines because not mentioning it helps your agenda, you act as if we are trading Trout for Colon Do you not want to fix our pitching problem? Did Drury hurt you?
Says a guy who’s spews out bullshit Nobody is trading Dozier for Altuve why do you keep using bad analogy’s? You’re still ignoring the fact that Drury has a 1.4 WAR when he can’t even see the ball No we are trading a rookie+ for a pitcher and slotting in someone else who isn’t worse in the spot To me it feels like you want to go into a playoff series with Tanaka and CC as the #2 and #3 guys and I hope you’re not serious and if you are I hope you’re not a fan for long and find a new team to bandwagon I heard the Red Sox called up this Beeks guy and maybe he’ll but up your precious 125wRC+
Oh I’ve learn to spew out bullshit just like you Seriously you’re wrong and you should feel bad for not wanting to upgrade the pitching while not hindering the offense
Jyn looking a bit THICC
I mean if they could somehow find the money and resources to make a Star Wars RPG that wouldn’t take them 10 years to make them sure I’d be all for it However them owning the license(ignoring the fact they don’t have the money) isn’t good for any other genre since CDPR only does RPG’s
Kind of asking that but just mainly asking if he even has an opening on the Astors staff
Well we aren’t getting Manaea, Berrios or Archer and I don’t see how Ross is any better
K/9 9.0 in SD K/9 6.6 last time he was in the AL with Texas BB/9 3.3 with SD 6.8 with Tex HR/9 with SD: 0.7 With Tex: 1.2 San Diego is a pitcher friendly ballpark
He’s arguably done better than Tanaka Hamels hasn’t blown up as often
I don’t even remember what games
The dudes that upgrade your axe and are basically the shop venders I forget their names but I though they were trolls or were they something else?
Even though they wouldn’t have money to get the license in the first place and even if they somehow did they wouldn’t have the money or resources to make a game in the size of Battlefront or any other genre of SW game? Don’t say just because JJ made 1 movie and it working on another that Disney would just give him the license and fund it themselves because if that was the case we would still have had Lucas Arts
I’m sorry I’m as much as a homer as anyone here but Altuve is the better vote
I forget if it’s canon or legends but Vader can survive for a good amount of time without his helmet and even other missing parts to his suit
I think Rogue One helped the overall plot more than what Solo did and I’d even take TLJ’s super Leia and other dumb things over the plot of Solo
No I’m not and you’re weird for thinking that Enfrys was fucking awful her agenda was dumb You want to name one of the best characters then name drop Beckett, Val, Rio,
Except I’m not trolling so I don’t understand why you can just accept that people didn’t like Solo or don’t think it’s as good as you think it is
Does he have an actual character model and does the announcers and what not actually voice him? I know it’s probably too much to ask from SDS
I mean it could go either way but with their season over why not opt for surgery?
I don’t understand your point here
Yeah it’s a bad start now I still have faith tho
About yours? It’s hard to imagine Miyazaki would just use the Souls combat again because he’s been wanting to get away from the Souls games
I’ve seen one guy not even include Andujar or Florial and thinks we can get deGrom with basically nothing
I don’t want to tell anyone how to spend their money, but I hope some people go and use real money on some skins to help support this and show them we will support the game with content drops like this
u/F8rge can you say at all which version of Anakin it is? Episode 2, TCW show, 3? Will his model be based off Hayden or the cartoon?(same with Obi-Wan and Dooku like will it be Ewan and Christopher Lee or the cartoons?) I’m going to guess you can’t say anything but I just wanted to try and see if there’s anything you could say
I didn’t know there was questions we could ask them If I knew that I would’ve asked about Padme and Jango
We have 0 blasters from the PT and will now end up having 6 total lightsabers Also want to point out that they don’t seem to want to go against balancing so Jango would have to be pared with a blaster while Windu would had to be pared with a lightsaber and there isn’t any lightsabers for him to be pared with really
Hopefully ground to space battle
Even tho it’s against us, it’s nice seeing a Toddfather bomb
I’ll pitch for them if needed
Nah I think if we agree to eat Hamels contract then he shouldn’t be that much and it’s not like the Rangers have that much leverage with his NTC
What does that even mean
So you’re saying that Hamels and Ross won’t be better than German and whoever is getting called up(probably Cessa) for Tanaka? You’re crazy man
More than likely because they probably won’t be calling up any of the prospects
What happened to Wood?
Yup I did it again I for some reason thought that November came before October so what you’re saying I pretty much agree with
Or just make Padme a hero
What’s this from and Padme should should up before her
I believe it CM Punk sounds a bit of a cunt when it comes to these things
I just hope it doesn’t lock us into only having one squad mate to spawn on like 2015 did
So you want them to completely invalidate the endings?
Who said there won’t be new exclusives shown?
Didn’t know you had the inside scoop
I feel bad for Rose because she’s getting shit on like how Hayden did, but god Rose was a pointless character
Their conference wasn’t good tho, it was average at best They showed their 4 exclusives and everything else was timed stuff and multi plats And they spent a lot of time with just talking and talking and talking
I did read it properly and I told you that it’s probably not possible for them to have specific maps use heroes and others not to The heroes are tied to the mode
Well if it’s already in the store then it’s updating I doubt it will take another 3 hours to be available to download Also while you are correct they run on west coast, midnight release games still release 12 est and not 3 est
Nobody said to make Jango’s jetpack to be exactly like Boba’s
You’re not wrong but let’s not forget the whole GTAIV episodes being timed exclusive on Xbox and afaik was never sold digitally on PS3 until they did the Episodes from Liberty City bundle
So who we dropping for him
Would it be wrong to ask for refunds?
You want them to get sued?
“Booo hooo I have to play the game to unlock content woe is me” There should be things to work forward to and they shouldn’t just cater to people that don’t have enough time per week because there’s people who have the time to get them
Well it’s either Frazier or Andujar
They’ve already ended conferences with both those games before
Obviously it’s going to be hard to find someone who sounds exactly like Donald Glover but this really isn’t that bad
Might as well have used the money for a Vita at that point
“If anything this makes me want to get a different console” And then he was saying other stuff that is eluding to him not wanting to get the next PlayStation
Bull fucking shit Cross play is still niche which they do it with PC Fortnite is the biggest game to support it but you won’t be seeing other big AAA games like Battlefield or CoD doing it anytime soon Sorry to burst your bubble but it won’t hurt the PS5 at all because it has games people want to play People will buy a PS5 for the games and not for Cross play
Nah all of them were lackluster it’s just that Sony had more gameplay for their exclusives
And for the west Kojima decided to also make Solidus different
Well if you’re basing it off wRC+ he’s third behind Ramos and Salvy, but their averages aren’t below .200 Idk about their OBP but they can’t be worse than Gary’s
I do think it will be kind of like a vote system(no yes or no obviously) where if enough people hit the button the system will look at things and do a quick fix if needed Idk if that’s possible since I’m not a tech savvy guy but I like the idea
If youre willing to deal with Buehler being out for two weeks
I mean sure, but if the fans held sway we’d have gotten a Kenobi movie ages ago, we’d have probably gotten an Anakin return and other things I’ve seen people want. I doubt the outrage over episode 8 will affect 9, but the outage over Solo might change some things about their next side story
Oh I don’t like that I like how in the amazing games it lasted throughout the whole game
Yeah I enjoy seeing poorly received games just turn it around instead of just losing development like RE6 siege, for honor, the division, Battlefront 2 is getting new life breathed into it, etc. Really wished it happened with Andromeda though
I mean sure but why now would he just turn around and be like “alright yeah fuck the game too” If so maybe he also wasn’t a fan of Uber Jason and Jason X!/s I don’t blame him
I’d take him over Bird at first almost any day about now
I like his streamsnipers with their creative names about him cheating on his wife and the he gets so flustered/angry he just starts flexing his muscles and shit
That’s what I said Siege, For Honor, No mans Sky, The Division and now with Battlefront 2 took bad launches and started to turn things around Like they all got a soft relaunch with their big update fixes(Battlefront 2 is getting their quality of life updates now)
I think doing it every two weeks with rotating it with jetpack cargo would be the perfect balance They’re around long enough, but not enough to get fatigue and they’d be gone long enough for people to want it back
Imagine if Call or Duty just gave you everything and had no incentive to prestiging or if an RPG just gave you everything from the start
I’ve seen people cry about a game releasing at the very end of the month date before and the salt is real
You know I think this game could use some hostile NPCs
Idk about that but the roadmap is coming at the end of this month
Well that’s impossible without anyone on at first
I think Harper loves his beard and hair more than what the Yankees would offer him I want him here so badly but seeing the video of him with two blow dryers styling his hair doesn’t help us
Seeing Soto and Torres homer in the same game is a treat
Nah Palps despised lightsabers
u/battlefrontupdates I’m not sure if you use mods but I’ve seen you have issues with muting people during your live streams so I thought to tag you
I doubt he will use all 4 sabers normally as well It’s probably going the be two at a time and then all 4 are activated with an ability
Someone wants Sonny Gray from me(don’t ask me why) I was thinking to trade for Robbie Ray, should I not do this?
You think he’s worth slapping a keeper on him?
1 Padme please
Sure but they still deserve fair compensation This is such a weird way to make this game anyways
I don’t think they ever have to respond to Game Pass because Game Pass was a desperate move because people weren’t buying their games and their playerbase was small I don’t think their streaming Tech has evolved enough to allow them to download a streamed PS3 game
Idk which versions of his battle damage suits are canon but I see people want that one shot from Rebels where his right eye is exposed Why do you guys want that? You won’t ever see his eye exposed as him or even against him unless his face is all up in your kill cam
His ideals are strong VERY strong but some of what he says isn’t completely wrong, but I guess him calling out Cash wasn’t the best thing to do It’s unfortunate that he’ll be alienated from the Yankees until he dies(basically the Hulk Hogan of the Yankees), but it is what it is I guess
Why’d that person choose the design of Hinata’s The Last and used Naruto from the Pain fight
Anakin being trained in the dark side if he didn’t get hurt in RotS would dunk on Vader The robotic parts hindered his potential by a lot and it’s why Palps was so disappointed in him
We might not get swept by the Warriors but they and everyone else would just stomp that Heat team
I’d rather it be a piece from John Williams Not saying the person who did TCW is bad, but it isn’t John Williams
I’ve never heard it like the way in the video but if so then my bad
Less bothersome than seeing a bunch of different stormtroopers not wearing their cold attire
Then you’ve been living under a rock
I think you might want to rewatch the Duel of the Fates again https://youtu.be/SKlLMRuOx10
I think they just want to see how baffled Steve Harvey gets
Making them one hit kills would make them OP
Can you say if it removes stun locking? I feel like you should still be able to free flow block(if that makes sense) without the stun locking
Yeah it was a good start, but that 30+ pitch first inning didn’t help him
Rockstar games always sell like hot cakes They don’t even have to show gameplay and it will still sell like hot cakes
I hope they do the gameplay reveal and multiplayer reveal like they did with GTA because the production and the lady doing the voice over for it was fantastic and made me extremely hype for GTAV
I forgot about that It’s basically the same format the lady did with GTAV
Only if it’s Tarfful
He should’ve been in prison but at least now he can’t hurt anyone anymore
Rian said he was going to do something for the PT(or at least that’s what I read) and he really didn’t Now I’ve also heard that JJ is going to tie all three Trilogy’s together so it’s my hope that JJ brings in Hayden for Anakin and maybe possibly Ewan as Obi-Wan again(and not just his voice)
While he might not be wrong, he hasn’t been associated with Sony for a while and the whole cross play movement wasn’t around when he actually was part of the Sony family Pretty sure this is the dude that left Daybreak because of people doxing him
The Hottoys(I think it’s from them) figure is real, but that photoshop is as old as this game Other than obvious other reasons, the number next to his name is from the old progression system
They really don’t benefit like you’re trying to make it out to be
I agree with this, but this is basically a less snarky/less extreme Sledgehammer tweet and everyone hated that guy I do enjoy Swany(and cookie) but I agree they’re very negative Like their videos about their speculation of the heroes abilities were still pretty negative
Can the mods ban this guy?
So you’re telling me I should drop Ender for him Edit: seriously should I scoop him in case he actually does figure it out?
Who’s an everyday player that has anywhere near the same potential as Devers?
Pretty sure whatever Lucas said is canon Lucas made sure that Disney can’t change anything about Episodes 1,2,3 and the 2011 remasters of Episodes 4,5,6
I for one enjoy pretty much almost all of the improvements to them Tho I do agree the whole singing part in Jabba’s palace wasn’t that good
Everyone that post this image should be banned for like a day
I’d rather they get Hayden if they are given the opportunity to get him
The sad thing is she would probably be voted in
I want Frazier to be the every day starter but I know it’s not happening as long as Gardy and or Hicks is still here
If you mean shitty developers then yeah I agree
Is this pirates game getting rained out today?
I was like “is that a French Vader???”
Hard to read it when it’s “REEEEE I HATE EA REEEEEE I HOPE THEY CLOSE DOWN”
Having Matt Lucas as Anakin and James Arnold Taylor would be perfect because hearing Matt Lanter coming out of Hayden is going to be not good Edit: it’s actually Mat and not Matt
Concept and inspiration? What does that even mean when the character model will more than likely be the 3D model Lucas took of Hayden in episode 3 If you prefer Hayden as Anakin why not want someone that sounds like Hayden which Mat Lucas does
Their cartoon outfit isn’t going to change their faces to look like the cartoon characters
They won’t alter the faces to look like both combined, it’s more than likely going to be the exact look of Anakin from episode 3
But this game isn’t a cartoon and it going to use Hayden’s likeness so by your definition you should want Hayden or a Hayden sound alike JAT didn’t make Obi-Wan his own because it’s exactly how Obi-Wan acted in the movies Same can be said with Lanters Anakin because the TCW Anakin is exactly like the AotC Anakin
No it won’t. I do hope that Ninja Theory’s game is really really good, but it’s not going to do anything to Sony because their exclusives have been A1 and especially this generation
I’ll try that Do you have a link for it? Edit: I just did it and still unable to download anything so I’m not sure what’s up with my account
No They’re different characters and they fight differently
Wow I started watching a little of that and I never knew George said the movies should be watched 1-6 because I see a lot of fans saying it should be watched 4,5,6,1,2,3 because of the reveal in 5
But nobody talks about the 2003 cartoon so whatever I forgot Mat Lucas was used there
Yeah and now every developer wants to do a live service so you’re welcome I guess
Have him re-record Kylo
“Mengden can’t be that bad against Chicago so let me stream him for one start” - me yesterday “What have I done?” - me today
I already have Marte, Soto, Mazara and Conforto for my OF I don’t think I can go 5 OFs
Bad 2nd inning but all and all a good start by Sonny I think he’s going to be fine the closer we get to the summer
More like everyone still finding something to be negative about after EA play and the roadmap announcement seem like it’s people just hating on it to hate on it
How many more games does he need at first? I’d like for him to be the starter like ASAP
And then have him suspended and fined for no reason? If he’s going to do it he should do it on the field
Lanter doesn’t sound like Hayden at all and the character model will more than likely be based off RotS Anakin and hearing Lanter come out of Hayden’s face and body is going to be completely jarring My question is why not get a guy like Mat Lucas who can actually sound like Hayden’s Anakin
I don’t understand why you’re even saving them now that you know they don’t contain star cards
The shark didn’t resist or anything. Maybe it didn’t want scratches and turned on its back but it did seem to want attention
https://youtu.be/IdDHh8BucJc He’s redeemed to me
So I should probably drop Aaron Sanchez right? It says he’s on the 10 day DL and the news update on him is making it seem like the Blue Jays think it’s something bigger than what they thought
Hopefully someone. The team needs something and it’s either a Drury call up and slot into first base to give the offense some new blood and extra excitement or a trade for a stable pitcher
And it’s technically a first look for them
That’s such a shitty scummy thing to do since people actually kickstarted mainly because of that Jason. And then later they want to act all high and mighty about not selling is separately which now is bullshit since it was just one of their own designs
For people wondering where it’s from https://www.starwars.com/news/thrawn-alliances-exclusive-excerpt
Dude I swear you’re just completely ignoring what I told you that Ben said
Drury should be starting at first and not just brought in for the occasional lefty
Use the money on crystals That probably helps them more
Again it really feels like you’re ignoring what Ben said
Believe it’s because they don’t tax the shit out of you if I’m remembering correctly and if it am it’s basically the same reason MJ was always across the seas
No I disagree because that’s just not how rockstar does things. Yes this is the longest gap between games if you don’t count GTAV’s re release, but I believe the quality of RDR2 will show us why it took so long
It’s still crazy to be that the Super Bowl MVP is going to be a backup
He needs the be starting on a team to actually do something
It isn’t sithpost Saturday
Beyond is very underrated and worth a play
Those guys will already have 16 heroes available and unlocked. Why does it matter that new players will have to PLAY THE GAME to unlock the new heroes?
The controversy will be nothing because the dlc probably won’t be out until October and it’s easy to get credits with Daily challenges, weekend challenges, the 1500 credits from arcade daily and just playing casual and new players have way more options to get credits
We have no clue what Disney actually did when they “stepped in” because let’s not forget that Disney agreed to the loot box system and they do the exact same shit with their mobile games. I’d also like to assume Disney realizes that games lose support all the time so it Battlefront just lost support after its life cycle then so be it
Quick question Should I start Giolito today, Musgrove Friday or Shelby Miller Sunday? Can only start one so I can be within my 12 starters by sunday(I have Severino going sunday)
Nah that shit was complete BS
Or just don’t die when you’re the target like you’re not supposed to
Why not get someone who has played Anakin and sounds like Hayden like Mat Lucas
So people can’t be a bit bothered by hearing Lanter come out of Hayden’s body?
I’ve seen TCW but that’s not how Anakin is(you should watch the linked video) and if you want to be an ass about it then TCW Anakin is just a clone of Hayden’s AotC Anakin I’m sorry but your logic makes no sense
He straight up basically says he loves Naruto at one point and Naruto got freaked out
Would be nice if he pitches on a Sunday so I can get him
I’m not even disappointed with the current roadmap Edit: downvoted because I’m fine with the roadmap and how I expected that all four heroes wouldn’t be out at once(which nobody should’ve expected) Stay classy r/starwarsbattlefront
Less than a year because we just got Kessel and before that we got Crait
Dude I’ve been seeing stuff saying “Overwatch is Dying” and that Epic wants to go gameplay changes and the last time they did that Paragon died
I had a comfortable lead going into today but Sonny seriously might’ve screwed me
There’s a report saying the still want Machado, Harper and Corbin along with Segura. Will be sad if the Phillies spend more than the Yankees
It sounds like he wanted to stop but nobody was chiming in to call the play
People in r/NYYankees make it seem like he’s been a scrub for years and make it seem like his anxiety is the worst thing ever I assume it’s them being salty that his no trade lists the Yankees but it’s still silly that they downplay him
Why just limit it to 4? Do people actually complain about too many maps?
Does anyone have a high quality photo of the second photo
Ironic because whenever I list my issues with TLJ it’s always hit or miss on that sub wether I get downvoted or not
You act as if the guy hurt you physically
Queen is timeless
Not in 2018
Yes there’s still a playerbase and they fixed a lot of everyone’s issues from launch They just got done releasing General Grievous, Obi-Wan and Geonosis Count Dooku is next month and Anakin and the new large game mode is in February They’ve announced plans of more content after Anakin and the game mode
Yeah her original design(actually what’s under the cloak) would’ve been a walking pair of tits as well
You sure it’s his fault or a certain pitching coaches fault?
I like about 3-4 songs from her
Well Naughty Dog already said there’s nothing being shown during the TGAs
Nah what?
To each their own but RDR2 in every aspect is better than 1 I mean the game improved upon John, Johns family, Dutch, Javier and Bill and thanks to 2 I actually care and appreciate their scenes in 1 more
I don’t disagree with you but first base isn’t that hard of a position and Harper has shown that he’s fully willing to play first so getting him up to full speed during spring training isn’t hard
That skin wasn’t even wrong and was based off Commander Bly and Lucas obviously agreed to it but because reddit pulls one screenshot from RotS everyone flipped shit. While the markings are Bly(even tho there’s nothing in canon saying clones can’t have the same markings as their commanders) they color is accurate to TCW
He’s an obvious improvement but the lineup needs a lefty bat It’s just crazy to me how much of a no brainer Harper is but it seems like they might not even attempt to try for him
This OP wanted to start an anti EA/Anthem riot on every platform
Yes also Roxas, Axel/Lea, Xion and Naminé Everyone on the cover art is basically the good guys and part of the overall “connected to Sora gang”
He’s said multiple times it’s not him
Do you have a link to a good video showing off the scenes I should see?
That’s not “filler” since the novels are canon unless you mean they used it to fill the gap until Boruto was animated enough
I never said he was and I was implying that Machado is the first option because your scenario is that the Yankees wouldn’t land Machado so I was implying they’d go after Harper as option 2
So is the armored officers just going to have default skins like the normal clones have and their navel skin will just be an actual purchasable(you said it’s free) skin and the other clone skins will also unlock for that? Like the armored skin for Naboo will just be the normal default Officer with the red marlins right? Basically just wondering if the default Officer skins changed now
Forgot how ugly obi looks in the cartoons
He said it isn’t anything but take it as you want
Not like he would have full say anyways right? Wether you like them or didn’t like they George did the changes because he felt like adding new aspects and improving(Palps not looking yellow and gross for example) the way he felt like he originally envisioned and to fit how the prequels changed things and also because he could do whatever he wanted since he worked the IP
Popular suit from a very popular trilogy
Then I’m not bothered if we don’t get a skin with his cape
Well they still have to trade Gray and probably Andujar(if they go for Machado over Harper) and I’d have to imagine they want to use Andujar for a pitcher
Another armored suit but no Raimi suit? I’m disappointed, but I won’t be enraged and yell at the devs even tho it’s extremely disappointing. Edit: just want to point out that the ITSV movie and suit is a Sony Pictures movie so that just squashed any argument about how Marvel doesn’t want a Sony suit or Sony wouldn’t allow a suit
Well the recent ITSV suit just announced kinda ends that argument because the movie is a Sony Pictures movie and the suit is going to be into the game
Why won’t they explain their reasoning for it then? They straight up said the Miles and symbiote but are radio silent about one of the most requested suits until yesterday where they basically said “we hear you but we won’t bend to your demands”. I also want to point out that the argument about how Marvel doesn’t want a Sony Pictures suit or Sony Pictures doesn’t want to gets blown out the water since the ITSV suit is from a Sony Pictures movie
It’s a popular suit from a very popular trilogy who most argue is still better than the current Spider-Man movies(so far just one but still) Edit: it’s like if they did a Star Wars game but Disney told the devs to not even breath a word about the prequels
Well that’s a poor explanation and still doesn’t warrant why they can say no to others but stay radio silent about the Raimi suit
Anyone saying it’s the classic suit obviously doesn’t know what they’re sayin @ the Raimi suit
Wait you can actually go to jail in online?
That game has post launch revenue in the form of weapon skins, charms, their yearly passes, whatever the Pro league bundle and non bundles are and MTX credits
I’m not him and I’m not actually saying it, but the DLCs do feel like they were removed out of the game just for the sake of releasing DLC Edit: please continue to downvote me but it still doesn’t stop the feeling of them removing content for the sake of DLC and it’s not a new concept but god forbid if anyone on this subreddit isn’t sucking off the game or insomniac
Representation of me trying to find a damn moose for its antlers
To each their own but I can’t say he’s a badass when all he did was yell at Kylo and Hux, use force lightning once, and whatever he used on rey. Compare him to literally every other villain and he stinks and that’s mainly because of poor writing Edit: spelling
He’s far too big to actually have and he hasn’t shown off much to even warrant being in the game
Heard a Swag Kelly is available
Won’t happen with a PlayStation character but Microsoft might allow Banjo into the game
Telescope glitch? What
Wish I was that rich to have 4 phones like that and be whatever about the fact that I may not get them back
Honest question: would you rather the target just die even thought they know they’re good enough to avoid dying? Like I do it all the time when I’m on a shut team that can’t protect anything
There isn’t a hole in the middle infield when Gray would more than likely be used to get someone like a Scooter until DiDi is back and even so Andujar is a black hole on defense himself
I’d rather my teammates try to win at all means
Yeah it would need to be Gray+ to get someone like Scooter. You do something like Gray and Wade and see if the reds bite and if not then look at a different team shopping a middle infielder. Gray isn’t going to get a pitcher back, only trading Andujar would get a pitcher back
90% of the community dislikes Nuketown but you don’t see them removing it out of the rotation and or making it so it’s never voted on. All that work on maps just for them to sit there and be unusable? Sounds real good/s
Saying Gray can’t pitch is ridiculous because his road splits say otherwise Blame our garbage pitching coach before Gray because knowing him Paxton will be shit and Gray will thrive with his new team
Anakin killed children and still went toe to toe with Obi-Wan so the emotional impact doesn’t affect anyone that much to completely phone in a fight
They did say there was a cut romance so I wonder if it was with her or Mary Beth Imma guess Abigail and I can’t explain why but there could’ve been something written in that Abigail was going closer to Arthur while John was being dumb
Ah yes a random YouTube lawyer giving off pure speculation on what my or may not being going on so that must mean he’s right!/s It’s best “point” was about how Insomniac might’ve been trying to get a deal done and it’s why they didn’t shut down the suit in the beginning and that’s all good, but they shut down the Miles and Symbiote suit from the very beginning and at the end of Spider-Man’s content run they still are radio silent about the Raimi suit. So you want to actually link something that’s worth it like a Sony, Marvel or Insomniac statement? I’d like to read those
Thank you for knowing what I meant even though I somehow wrote Connie over Connor
The refs seem like they all have a stick up their asses more so this year than any
Why is he always posted? Youngyea is terrible and I wish more people would see this
The hoth skins I’m sure but the pre order ones they can’t release like that due to legal reasons(what ben said)
It was but I appreciated why he did it
This is the second person to come straight out and say they’re not voting for him?
Well do you blame him?
That’s pretty big for a new boyfriend and if they aren’t super serious
It’s why I really want them to do a remake of RDR1 since they have all these assets and what not. Remake can have all these new mechanics, new fleshed out dialogue when John talks about the gang and Dutch and maybe something like this picture where John has like an Uber monologue with himself or hears authors voice or like a flash back. Like would anyone really be against a remake if it incorporated story aspects of 2?
But doesn’t Athena still exists while Arthur wouldn’t?
Sure Poor guy either way
Well at least all of it is canon
Reddit tells me the Modders are better tho
Where’s this from? The other game? Surprised it’s so riske
The Order sequel please
So you’re saying that cats are vampires?
Maybe just trying to get the feel of his pitches that night
No They released two clips of the sounds the shield and guns make and they sound nothing like the movies or the shows
It’s what I keep saying There has to be a set price WWE could do to get him back if they really really wanted to
Salty paragon fans still lingering on this sub
Did people actually enjoy the Microsoft one? It was just trailers with no gameplay and “play all of our games on PC”
Sure but we’ve heard rumors of it going to be on Nintendo and now this possible PS4 rumor but nothing has happened with it. Nintendo has almost no reason to refuse like Sony might so play anywhere should’ve already been on switch by now if Phil and Microsoft are trying to move towards the publishing side you’d think it would’ve been done by now
Tbf Anakin needed the nerfs so I don’t understand the Anakin part
You know if you guys just gave us normal conquest like EVERYONE wanted the mode would’ve been out sooner and you guys could’ve rehashed more GA maps in other eras but for some reason you guys don’t want to do good things from the 04 or 05 games or even from the battlefield games. Removing the ship parts wouldn’t make many upset and would make many many people happy
The dude is an amazing pitcher Idc if fans don’t like his hot takes, anyone should want him on their team
It would always need to be Frazier +
How we liking Gallen so far?
So it’s more accurate than in this video and the first original teaser???
Why was she replaced again?
I mean he did fuck up about like 3 of them in that video after initially getting jumped
XR doesn’t support 3D Touch oof
The first part sounded excited and then the second part didn’t How’s it lame that there’s a chance at old time uniforms?
Renee is so fucking bad at commentary and nobody can tell me otherwise
I go to safari, find a gif and do the add to photos and then I post the gif to a server and it doesn’t play at all and just posts as a normal photo
Yeah I don’t get him and I think even before leaving for AEW he used to talk about how loyal he was to WWE and Vince and would come back whenever they needed him
I’m sure they’ll have one for crystals only
You won’t because the bundles will more than likely be crystal only like the others were
It’s called laziness They should’ve taken the time and made the droideka have a unique card
Should we tell him?
Might actually be the worst month ever for it
They will soon but for crystals only
If you’re playing an online game in 2019 and is only doing it for whatever little offline content then you’re in for a bad time If they brought over GA and maybe even CS with these new bots it would’ve been better than focusing on a brand new mode that could’ve been used to focus on something more important for the online Also please don’t pick out the live service game and be like “well why don’t they do something for everyone” which they are so my current argument is kinda moot, but if the game launched well with a steady balance of post launch revenue then their bread and butter would be 100% focus for online, but again they still catered to offline for the 10 people wanting it It’s not 2005 anymore
They’re both dumb but the patch isn’t as bad as the helmet
Only one that doesn’t need to grow like that is basketball It’s pretty popular around the world enough
Dude they themselves said it is more than recoloring unless you’re calling them a liar and it should be that hard to take the existing alien heads and allowing them on every class
So not a major setback
I mean sure I guess but do you really want Severino and even Stanton thrown into the playoffs with as much rust as they have?(more so Severino than Stanton). Severino will have extreme rust if he’s barely starting rehab games in August due to missing a lot of spring training and he would have to get himself into a groove to adjust to the majors and idk if 1 month of September will be enough for him. Obviously he will probably pitch(don’t see him as a out of the pen for the playoffs) but he’s gonna be rusty
Like fold them behind books? That might be your issue maybe I never do that because I hate messing up the spines. One of the wither books I have came to me with a spine issue but it’s sturdy enough for a read but I’d never actually bend books like that
Who would’ve thought that ROH would end up doing worse than TNA in 2019
I just appreciate that he inserted himself and continues this twitter beef with him even if Seth is done. Like some people here don’t like it but I love these WWE superstars no fucks given attitude on twitter against other companies guys/indie guys It’s not like the Monday night wars, but it’s refreshing to see WWE guys actually take shots back at these other companies/indie guys who always take shots on social media at the wwe guys
Possibly but there was like a recent role as Batman he didn’t get and was kinda upset about it not long ago. So yes while he does get to pick and choose which ones he does, but it also seems like they’re slowly phasing him out
And tbh him going back to the 4 might honestly elevate his game again
Trade chance to the cardinals for one of their minor league players
As long as he doesn’t go to the lakers
Now for Kingdom Hearts next pls Square
But why’s it called snowflake? Snowflake is usually a negative term
How long until this sub starts hating Tex after he said on the Golic and Wingo show that they’d have meetings about how to steal signs?
He said something like the meetings would get about over aggressive sign stealing so I assume it’s stuff about going to the extreme possible
Take your bias and go home. Schilling is a HoF pitcher that has deserved to be in there since arguably his first time on the ballot if not first then definitely second and it’s a shame he’s not in due to the media hating what he says about them and because he has far right opinions.
That’s my issue with him blowing this stuff off like it’s no big deal and other people here rationalizing saying he can do what he wants to go out with a “bang” or to make himself happy. Why be on chemo if you’re just gonna risk shit? If you don’t care then stop wasting a chemo spot
I wonder what fixing cutscenes in the main story means
So you think the fixing part is expanding on cutscenes that had cut scenes from them? Imma have to replay it before I even touch the dlc
Yeah I’d rather do that tbh
Nah Spotify works fine
Hitlers only thing I guess “good” is that he unified Germany and was a very good public speaker. I would’ve like to see how Germany would’ve advanced ahead if he didn’t use his “talents” for bad.
Yeah I wouldn’t use slavery as like the end all be all if you use that against jackson when it was so common back then, but the trail of tears is bad.
Post flair says rule 4 and this bot says rule 3, which is it?
The context is that she replied to someone asking that the Witcher isn’t mixed with political identity.
I have the same exact team
I meant there’s plenty of other games with a full team of devs that don’t even know how to fix things in their own games, it happens sometimes. Dice had an audio bug related to the Frostbite engine that affected all games using the engine and had no clue how to fix it for the longest time and they’re the ones that made the damn engine
MLK didn’t support them but he wouldn’t talk bad about them because he recognized that riots is caused by people being left unheard. Who knows what would’ve happen if people didn’t riot after MLK was assassinated which caused a 6 day riot before the civil rights act was finally passed and then there’s the whole Boston Tea Party, etc. When riots are the final resort they can be the most powerful tool. Edit: and I want to point out that most of the small businesses that got hit were mainly white kids and police vandalizing them while most of the BLM hit big businesses and government buildings
Yeah his statue being up is fine compared to like Columbus and Colston imo. Sure he’s a racist but he was Antifa to the core
Yeah sadly we don’t have a whole month for you to get one more medal
Turns out it was for a game but for a square Enix game
What if I don’t care and want to forget this
While she doesn’t speak up I think it’s finally hit her hot disgusting this administration is. There’s that video after a few days where he gassed protestors for that church photo, where she was told by Donald to smile and she wasn’t having any of that and to me at least her facial expression looked like pure disgust. Also now there’s reports of her refusing to live in the White House until their prenup was redone. While I wish shed speak out against him but I don’t think any First Lady is gonna go out of their way to shit talk their husband who’s president. Maybe if they get a divorce one day
Maybe but I think it’s more so to show how that guy is a hypocrite. Angry about Obama administration bombings when Trumps are equally or more so worse
I’m sorry but personal emails was nowhere near as horrible as what happened these last 3.5 years. I honestly hope everyone that voted for the lesser evil has regretted every choice they’ve made
I mean there probably was people who knew but it didn’t become public knowledge until reporters dug up the info. Fuck trump but I think he likely didn’t know
Since STW is never being updated I guess one way to continue the story is with the BR
Good Yen is such a bitch
Who freed him from Anthem?
Idk why people are so hung up on age shit. Like if they’re happy then who cares? Same with people being hung up about an adult at 18 dating someone older, internet be wildin.
Love you ed
It isn’t him
So
He has no reason to be part of Kara or to have his dna just lying around
We know all the names on the road summoning scroll anyways so
I mean Kakashi’s name means scarecrow but he never scared any crows away
Silly*
Nah I’d take fox and toads over time travel
Kaguya compared to the shit introduced into Boruto is fairly tame
He literally told Naruto he can’t revive Jiriya
Droid as in they just made a robot in his image, no?
Kabuto literally couldn’t get DNA
Pls stop with the arm because Kabuto would’ve found it
How can he somehow get DNA but Kabuto couldn’t
Where did Amado get the DNA from then
Other than that let the past die
I didn’t get my hopes down or whatever d
They should branch off an make a NSFW one, would bring in even more for that company
She should just name drop him because I doubt AEW will fuck around and keep the dude
I mean he still has Hager and Jericho in his company after they’re All Lives Matter people so idk if I’d say he runs it straight up
Because Orrin reflected on it for a long time while Jericho turned around and did a 180 after everyone gave him shit
Idk If he did it then he’s a bad person but you rarely hear any NXT or ex NXT stars say a bad word about him
Nah not necessarily. If you want to use Kais go ahead especially if you don’t want to wait until it has double rates or if you think a world tournament is happening
Woah they have a TL;DR???? That’s nice
I updated iOS like 1:30am
Every minute should be a free training item
So can someone tell me what the new time now is for est? Sorry for not converting on my own but I’m dumb
I still don’t understand why Anita was on the game. Overall her message about equal rights and representation of women in video games is a just cause but she goes to the extreme and there’s no reason for someone like that to be working on any form of entertainment imo
The joke shit should keep them off Tv for a very good amount of time. Saying you want to rape someone is exactly comparable to actual sexual assaults, but it’s fucking horrible and has no place anywhere. If I said I wanted to rape my coworker I’d be fired but Sammy gets to go to sensitivity training and then come back like nothing happens
Yeah but now McDonald’s workers have to worry about cops getting emotional about waiting
I think his best clip is how he’s so stupid and didn’t understand how Ganesha works
Would I have to go through 500 episodes of Smite to get to the good one piece content?
That and there’s the RDJ movies, then the TV Show that has nothing to do with those movies, etc. there’s been so many Sherlock Holmes stuff recently
Getting frustrated at the game and saying he’s done with it is nowhere near as toxic as DM. There’s like three levels of toxicity Maximum would be DM, medium would be Weak3n and then lowest would be like Incon
Everyone wouldn’t be right lip over a contract dispute and him going to a new platform
Slashed already said no. If it truly was him moving to a new streaming service all he would have to do is say that to clear any speculation that’s harming his name and all Twitch would have to do his say he did a breach of contract so stuff harming Twitch would end. There’s more to it than a breech of contract
Sexual assault claims wouldn’t instantly make arrests because there would be investigations if anything. The other streamers who got MeeToo haven’t been arrested yet but a lot have been punished by Twitch and the internet in general. I’m not saying it’s rape or sexual assault but it has to be something more than him switching platforms because every party involved(Twitch, Doc, reporters like slasher) would just have to say it was a breech of contract to clear names. You think Doc would just let sexual assault allegations go wild if the ban was as simple as him breaching his contract?
“With mods” is the key word
Could be the cops checking his discord and they don’t know how to appear offline. Not saying this is a thing but idk anythings possible
Imo removing the episodes is dumb. Obviously black face shouldn’t be a thing and hasn’t really been a thing for a while now but why remove the episodes and pretend it isn’t a thing and have the flow of everything be off? Put a warning before the episodes if anything. There’s a tweet from a black guy that has over 300k likes saying they aren’t fighting for the removal of black face from shows over a decade ago and they want an end to police brutality and anything else is useless pandering and a distraction to their movement. Edit: “The white man will try to satisfy us with symbolic victories than economic equity and real justice” - Malcolm X
It’s useless pandering and a distraction of the movement for making black face from shows that are over a decade old being in the limelight. This movement has been about police brutality and systematic racism and you hardly heard anyone bringing up shows from over a decade ago except for these streaming services and their creators making it a point.
Yeah but it’s her story and she’s allowed to change things, even people like Tolkien changed things in his book Unfinished Tales
Nah because they skipped a day because of the protests remember
