gallfrey was timelocked in 9ths time. it means you cant reach it, and they cant reach you. also, gallifrey exists outside time kinda, it exists so that you will always return to the "right" time on gallifrey, so you dont get out of phase. its forbidden, if not impossible, to travel to the past or future on gallifrey. its one of their anceint laws
there was several times that engineers did very well, just becasue they did have stuff to work with there, such as the mines, or the arena itself. katniss was saved several times by engineers, and stark would make them all look weak in comparision i think he would do a iron man 3 and build some very rudamentary gear and go to town
That snow feat is more impressive than that. He turned Bor, odins father, a skyfather,into snow. He also had to time travel to do it. He also once turned Thor into a frog
i cant find the scan im thinking off, but here he seemingly kills a few [doomsday clones.](https://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11111/111115760/3299598-7801715996-32098.jpg) However, those batarangs is glowing green and seems to have needles on them, so maybe they did something to weaken those doomsday clones. maybe its kryptonite related, are those clones kryptonite related? (seemingly everything always is)
yeah, that really puts the whole "s-tier batarang" into questioning
im fairly sure piccolo can sense god ki, or atleast recognize it, since he is part kami, and he could sense that shin was god when they first met. maybe he cant sense how strong they are (dont remember) but he can sense that he has god ki
i think a lot of the repetition comes down to people doesnt wanna search throught old threads, so they make their own. some new user comes here, thinks "hey, superman vs thor, thats a cool match" and we get the 15th thousand of those threads. sometimes its useful, becasue new feats come out, but mostly its becasue its boring for new users to read old threads, so they rather make their own. i know i almost never search for old threads when making an new thread
There is a dc villian that uses a kryptonite powered armour. He lost too. Sure, if tony had some kryptonite he could easily do it. Some of his better armours could possibly just stand up to superman with physical might alone, like endo sym. Magic isnt anything stark understands, so he would just ask thor or strange to go over there and smack superman. lead is only for daxamites
he still ages. currently, he has a son, so i bet he will take over when the time comes. in some futures, he continues even when older. in some, he stays in the sun and doenst age, and lives there for 15 000 years
Bad clanker
he did, they were called the iron legion, we see it in Age of ultron. so they did think of that
yeah so? it was very clear from context, me answering that guy up there asking if it was legends only, that i meant that it exists in legends, but not the new disney canon. so im not even sure what your point here is, other than to make a point about how legends are stil real to you damnnit!
Doesn't he have a thing were he turns human one day per year, and Is also the only day he ages?
doent the spirit bomb make more energy to evil people? its basicly a plot attack anyway, against freiza he used from several planets and it didnt hurt him, against buu it used from earth and killed him, against zamasu it used from a almost dead earth, or best a universe with hardly any mortals left, but it had 2 universe bursters so it worked anyway, and against jiren it was just 10 strong people, yet it was the strongest spirit bomb ever. sometimes its the number of people that matters, sometimes its the power of those involved. it never makes sense
i mean, its impressive and everything, large and so, but its noy really utilising their super strenght to the maximum. you want something with weight. also, axes arent supergood against armour. a club or large hammer would be the best choice
becasue most ki attacks becomes useless if the traget is hundreds of times stronger, there is nothing to suddgest that the Destructo disk works differntly
Yeah he has cosmic awareness, but he can't stand on earth and manipulate stuff in Andromeda. That's what I mean with range. Scope means how much he can manipulate at once. He can do stuff all over a planet, and can manipulate a whole star at once, but he can't manipulate an entire galaxy. Galactus can.
A hologram projector, and a specialised healing tank
Time in doctor who is incredibly complex, it's not just a single timeline, there are a million small timelones. I wrote a very long comment where I explained it as well as I could, will try and find it
Depends on the Android. 17 and 18 has a energy source called Infinite energy reactor. They use this energy to simulate ki. Using this they can fly, create a aura, and shoot blasts. I think this is what 17 uses for his barrier as well. As for how they got stronger, I think simply by training they can access more of this infinite energy source. So its artifical ki. Android 19 and 20 absorbs ki from their targets, which is how they get stronger. Cell is purely biological, and contains sayian cells, so that's how he gets stronger.
gOd i wAS sTRoNG THen!!
Did he have any way of contacting trunks after goku died? Seems goku is their only telephone line to the divine world.
Skynet didnt follow old cold war protocoles, skynet targeted humans, not countries.
yeah, i might have stepped over a line with the rape analogy, but my main point still stands, that its a bloody poor argument. if the fighters are on the same level, then yes its probably comes down who makes a misstake. but if one is vastly more skilled than the other, i wouldnt blame the loser for losing. definitly not when he uses an attack she had no way of knowing or countering. and he only managed to do that by using Vaatu. its like its a martial arts fight and someone pulls out a gun. its hardly a fair point edit, on the age part tho, its still only 2 years. put 60 year old jacke chan against a 18 year old martial artist, i wouldnt blame the 18 year old if he lost to a old master exactly. the dude got 40 years of experience on him
ward faked it casue he evil
arent there one dormamu per universe? also, the eternity he has stalemated before was 616, not the multiversal one
...Netflix Godzilla? Edit. Dope.
Beerus is a god of destruction, he can nullify/destroy it. He flat out Says that he nullified that energy
V S B A T T L E S seriously, dont try to make sense out of it. becasue it doesnt make sense, and they have 0 basis to stand on. they dont follow logic, they dont rollow reason, its all just a massive wank fest. just stay away from vsbattles, its pure garbage
they can bend metal because of earth impurities inside the metal. they cant bend metals that are too pure. platinum was used becasue benders couldnt bend it
FTl smell tbh...
We also get more proof of this in agents of shield. Elliot,an asgardians, grabs a combat knife by the blade, and crushes it with his fingers without being harmed. So even low level asgardians are knife proof
Whos to say they know how?
But you can't travel from one universe to another, you establish either need a god to teleport you or a angel to warp you, or that cube Whis had. You have provided no proof that dragon Ball universes aren't infinite in size
Usually, the anti Christ is supposed to bring about the end of the world, hell on earth apocalypse, that kind of stuff. So, if the devil agreed to your terms in your question, you would get some cool powers to use while watching the world go under in hellfire
I like how this was handled in Stargate. It was specifically mentioned that replicators first act when entering a ship was disabling or hiding from scanners, so you couldn't find and beam them off the ship. Any other time a asgard ship has unwanted intruders, they just beam them away.
It's theoreticly possible, I guess. Ssg is just what a sayian using God ki looks like, and ssb is just them going ssj except using God ki instead of normal ki. However, it's also totally possible that the ritual for super sayian god is purely limited to sayians, but that could be for spiritual reasons. If there is a ritual for humans it's most certainly differnt. However, vegeta achieved ssg without the ritual by training with Whis, so it's totally possible that, say, krillin could train with Whis and get God ki, with the red aura and everything. It's also worth noting that all the gods of destruction are former mortals. So, it's totally possible that a human could become a god of destruction, using hakai ki.
there are loads of stuff it cant through, [like the hide of the zillo beast](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Zillo_Beast) for starters
[the zillo beasts hide was totally lightsaber resistant](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Zillo_Beast)
being too durable to be chocked? in a canon comic vader couldnt force choke a rancor that had its throat strenghted with metal
its definitly not a outliner, seeing how piccolo destroys the moon against with a causal blast at pl 400. also, roshi amped himself with his buff form, and used the kamehameha, which makes your attack stronger. &gt;I hope you don't honestly try to imply here scaling moon busting with the power lvl would be reasonable by any means, that would be bigger wanking than the hot garbage the hardcore troll SethTheProgrammer usually throws already around? i mean, we know that ki increases your strenght and durability. we know that freiza has a pl thats about a million times higher than roshi. no, you cant scale PL directly, but we do know that it does increase. and condiering that vegeta threatend to destroy the earht at 18 000, it makes sense that freiza would be able to do it too. o are you saying that scaling in general is bad? casue thats just stupid, especially with something like dragonball, where a higher numbers simply means that you are stronger.
you cant really scale backwards from super. also, in both of those instances are with ki, beerus uses some kind of attack that targets what he wants (he blows up bulmas time machine by snapping his fingers, without blowing up the house it was in or sending the attack through the wall it was behind. and freiza slammed his hand into the ground and sent ki straight down into it.
the [pulse rifle](http://avp.wikia.com/wiki/M41A_Pulse_Rifle) isnt a plasma weapon, but they are far superior to modern weapons
mcu thanos sits down and waits to recive some feats 616 thanos stares at any star wars character too hard, canon or legends, and they dies horribly
dont know why you were downvoted, what you said were true. the thing wont care about him unless he tries to attack it, and if it figures out he is helping him it might even leave him be. and he would definitly want it to get back alive
star trek ships are definitly much closer to the bc-304s level, those would definitly be useful. the nebulon ships will be usefull for logistics, since the daedalus is rather small. the stargate show starts high, then has power creep for 15 seasons. at the end of season 1, an hatak tanks 2 naguadha nukes who are at 1 gigaton each, then after 15 seasons of powercreep the bc304 can take down almost any previously seen ship in a few shots. the upgrades these ships recives over the years are rather big.
i mean, you hardly would need to bloodlust voldy for him to use AK, its like his signature move.
so you are addmitting to insulting people?
[you mean this scene?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNpUK5n9bHg) that was for ki controll. literally, straight after that, they talk about the GOD KI BEING ALL AROUND THEM, SINCE ITS A SPECIAL THING, THEY TALK ABOUT IT AS BEING A SEPERATE THING god ki takes a lot of skill to controll, ssg goku had trouble with it but then learned some ki controll, and ssb is directly stated to have perfect ki controll, which is what goku and vegeta learned in that scene. do you have any proof?
also, she could just magic up shit too
&gt;She wasn't an Avengers from 2006 until 2012. Was she a hobo? wasnt she gone during that time? never remeber seeing her during civil war or secret invasion or wwh. her return was a rather big deal. she vanished during avengers assembeld. last i saw of her, she lived with some witch, so she probably dont need money vision was a avenger, and being android, doesnt need much money. in his latest comic, he was gifted a house iirc
&gt;The JLA members still have to work to gain money. becasue batman cant jut pay them directly, since they have secret identities. not really a problem for avengers &gt;And how does makes money out of this? doesnt really have bills to pay when fighting demons &gt;But where did they get the money in the first place? either iron man or the goverment
&gt;By the way, why Luke Cage was a "Hero for Hire" when he was an Avenger already? Why was he needing even more money? that was way before he became an avenger
&gt;I think I made clear that I don't consider "superheroing" a job. What is Johnny Storm's job? Exactly. Nothing. he lives with reed, doesnt he? reed is fuckrich also, carol has been a avenger, member of alpha flight, and was lately the ambassador for the fucking earth
&gt; "He is a super-hero" doesn't count yes. it does. stop going on about this. its wrong. your entire thread is based on stuff that is wrong
&gt; You have a goalpost on wheels over there. beautiful
i dont feel that thats implied at all
he was said to be ftl even before he got the purple aura, back in 104 at best you can downplay it to him being only flt when using his technique, but you cant downplay it to him only being ftl while purple
sentry can use his powers while disembodied, thats how he brings his body back. the void shows that he also doesnt really need a body. sentry was also conciouss all the time he was "dead" in the sun, while it burned his body down to nothing and he regenerated. either way, dr manhattan would also work, since he directly says that he uses his powers to bring back his body
Are you unable to like a movie if it has a female lead? Also, the last jedi was one of the highest grossing movies lately. Wouldn't exactly say that it tanked
https://media.giphy.com/media/OMZRxGyZZ6fGo/giphy.gif
the first blade was to make sure that you kneel, the second blade was to make sure you dont lie down as muslims do. it was a christian trap after all, built during the crusade. [here is a old thread on the subject](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskScienceFiction/comments/3h4rwm/indiana_jones_and_the_last_crusade_a_penitent_man/), with one of the best titles ever
&gt;tank SSB Goku's attack and brush it off. i mean, so was krillin. goku often holds back in ssb. we directly saw him brush off both kales and califluas attack with just his aura in ssj3, and he was doing very well against them in ssj2. he utterly dominated them in ssg
there is also the fact that no matter how complex a fiction character is, it wont hold a candle to the years of upbringing and acutal life experiences a real person experiences
So he is calling them native americans?
yeah, its directly described by goku. it dubbles your strenght, speed and all other fighting cababilites, at the cost of stamina. it isnt said to dubble your ki, or your powerlevel, it directly dubbles your strenght and speed and such. since he can go kkx20 and that doesnt hold a candle to ssj, one can naturally assume that ssj would increase his strenght and speed by atleast above 20 times
yeah, but the top comment literally is "Why isn't this funny like the other ones?" it seems like a very angry post. but its from ragegeta, so i know it aint serious, but if it was any other user i would doubt that
I mean, I understand why it's there, so it makes sense. He should logically be able to run very fast, due to strong legs. Maybe he can do it, but jumping is much better so he always does that instead
That's when traveling close to c. Past c, and you time travel. That's the theory atleast
he could probably hurt superman, but even with qs speed he wont be fast enough to take superman.
the void being dead meant that there was living beings stuck in the void, that now had died. for example, the cybermen from doomsday got stuck in the void
yeah, so i dont know why they expected that to kill him. maybe they assumed like goku that he would lower his power when relaxing, and that they could then kill him, so the bullet was just designed to penetrate sayian skin and flesh
In super that rule isn't there anymore. And vegeta has blown the entire thing up by simply powering up, *twice*
are the waves the explonation for how nappa can stand up to cell and such?
both from the recruitment matches and the ToP 17 seems to be closer to ssb than ssg.
kurze was in thor 2, and he delivers an absolute brutal beatdown on thor
yeah that spirit thing seems inconsistent. but doesnt the spirit bomb work better against evil dudes? there is a differnece between sword and ball as well. but yeah, jiren did just blink it back.
cell can, but 17 and 18, who are enchanced humans, cant. but that might simply be becasue humans cant transform
One thing that i noticed is that after cell and buu, a lot of the villians had the same powerset. (im talking movies, games, GT.) They can regenerate from almost anything and they powerup by absorbing people. I have not played any of the games nor seen GT, but it seems "regenerate from nothing and powerup by absorbing people" pops up a lot in those places. On top of my mind, you have mira from the xeno games, androind 21 from fighterZ and omega shenron from GT. Which is something i liked about Super, that they had a lot of orignal villians. hit has a very intressting powerset, black was cool and so on. zamasu did have his regeneration thing, but that was all he had. he didnt power up, he didnt transform, he wasnt even that strong, all he had was his immortality, and they played that well.
the undying lands are [Valinor.](http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/Valinor) it used to be a continent west from middle earth, but it was removed by god when humans tried to invade it. Now, only the ones allowed in, aka elves, can go there. The valar lives there, who are basicly minor gods or archangels.[ ill let CGP grey explain who they are.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxgsxaFWWHQ&amp;t=) The reason they go there is becasue its a really fucking nice place. its a really good place to spend the last years of your life and die in peace. IIRC, the only ones who went to valinor was legolas, gimli, frodo, bilbo and gandalf. Gandalf was allowed to go there becasue he is already a minor god/angel, (maiar), and legolas might be allowed casue he is an elf (tho iirc, he is from the line of elfs that never visited that place to begin with, so im not sure if all of them are allowed) and because he was just generally awesome, and gimli becasue he was so awesome and played such a crucial part in the rings destruction. Frodo and bilbo were allowed because they were ring bearers, and valinor is the only place where that pain could be lessend. Tho iirc, frodo and bilbo never truly went to valinor, but only to tol ellesar, a island thats close by, becasue since they are mortal they cant enter. (think it was said in one of tolkiens letters) i dont know if gimli went to valinor or tol as well, since we dont really if dwarfs counts as mortals or not. but iirc, he and legolas went to valinor, becasue they were the best of bros
god i love stephen colbert [the island was Tol Eressëa](http://lotr.wikia.com/wiki/Tol_Eress%C3%ABa), basicly a island ulmo used as a ferry, so it wasnt permamently rooted. &gt; I do remember reading that mortals who go to the undying time live an extremely long time in pure bliss and then pass away (but peacefully). iirc, in one of his letters he explained it oppositly. as in a mortal living there wouldnt have it that nice, since she would grow jealuos of everyone else there, since they are immortal and she is not, and wither faster since the place would overwhelm them. but i might be wrong about both these things. lets ask this subs lotr expert /u/personusingacomputer
MCU black panther? yeah, undoubtibly, i consider him to be atleast equal with cap, if not above them. Only a few more weeks untill i can see his movie, but even from civil war its clear that he is their equal.
nah, he has been implied to be stronger consistently. in their sparing match, goku accidentally went ssb against him, while gohan had to ask goku to do it. all through the tournament, 17 had been chilling and having fun, while gohan has battled hard and struggled at times. 17 has only really struggled against anizara and woke toppo, and he is one of only four members left standing the infinite stamina is nice, but it means he can bo full power all the time. and the shields power scales with his power, and he managed to fly throught anizara attack
this is better suited for /r/characterrant, not this sub, since it isnt really a in-universe question. the doylist answers you are looking for, [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/CharacterRant/comments/7wimtw/i_wish_batman_could_do_things/du13ufk/) is one of many times i have explained why people react like that to batman but no other character. also, dont expect realism from a comic book. it also matters that they are different genres, character histories and expectations of fans and fandoms. But doom is like batman with magic, except he lacks morals and have a global focus. also, you are vastly overestimating doom here. yeah, he has done some amazing feats, but you are really pulling them out of context and they required some amazing preperation and very special circumstances to achive. &gt;fighting against three Celestials at the same time that wasnt doom fighting, that was doom surviving for half a second. which is impressive becasue they are celestials, but thor and iron man could do the same, as could superman. &gt;Destroying multiple omnipotent beings simultaneously he did that by using the molecule men, using him as a bomb, then being granted his power by molecule man. and it required 25 years of prep, as well as a multiversal organisation and wildly abusing the beyonders two key weaknesses, the molecule men and their inability to time travel. but back to the main question. Doom is as powerful as he is, becasue he is (almost) as good at science and engineering as tony stark, but he also studied magic from a young age. this mix gets you very far. that, combined with the fact that he also achived time travel, interdimensional travel and managed to make himself immortal (in the agining sense, you can still beat him to death) made it possible for him to study under the very best teachers, like morgan la fey, and Marquis of Death, and since he is immortal he can do a damn lot of study. He has also studied stuff like demons, the afterlife, several gods and pantheons (mainly the norse) and how to steal powers from several beings. TLDR, Doom is so powerful becasue he has studied everything, he doesnt limit himself to one field (which is why he is second best in many of them) and he has a lot of ambition and absolutly no morals.
Batman doesnt have the same circumstances that Doom has, and his enemies doesnt have the same weaknesses. batman cant really learn magic, he has way fewer cosmic beings to steal powers from, and those omnipotent beings doesnt have the same explotible weaknesses as the ones doom faced has. But batman could get damn close. He could make pacts with devils and demons, he could find a way to become immortal, he could probably have someone help him become a homo-magi so he could learn magic, and he could steal powers from a lot of beings if he found a way to time travel. Lately, during darkseid war, there was the possability to gain power in a lot of ways, if he just knew how to take advantage of it. He could have gotten the omega force when darkseid died, or taken the anti-life equation when the anti-monitor lost it, or taken flashs place as the dark racer, or possibly hals place as the god of light, but he didnt. Batman doesnt have the same ambitions that doom has. however, you are mostly salty about [fans reactions](https://www.reddit.com/r/CharacterRant/comments/7wimtw/i_wish_batman_could_do_things/du13ufk/) it seems. this isnt the sub for that, try /r/characterrant
&gt; Why are Marvel's specially grounded? You seems very misinformed about this part, and you are basically making the fault that every non-batman fan does when they say "but he is just a human, how can he do this, its unrealistic." Which is, you are just listening to what other people are parroting around and taking it as a fact, instead of reading it and making your own opinion. When people say that marvel is grounded, dc is not, they are basically making a broad generalization as possible, which is why its very wrong. The reason they do this, is becasue marvels most popular hero is spiderman, who is generally very grounded, and DCs most popular hero is batman and superman, who isnt very grounded, and they never look beyond that. A more accurate generalization would be to say that marvel is science fiction and DC is science fantasy, but that doesnt work either, since marvels fantasy characters, like thor and dr strange and silver surfer are bigger than DCs fantasy characters like wonder woman, constantine or zatanna. its very clear that you sometime heard someone say "marvel is grounded, dc is not, which is why marvel is better" and you took that as a fact and that pisses your off, becasue you cant accept that people have their own opinions nor form your own about why dc or marvel is better. So your question is flawed, becasue you refuse to look behind your own preset opinion, and you just wanna prove us all idiots for accepting what doom does but not accepting what batman does.
&gt;And if you take away all his power armor and stuff, he's probably get his ass kicked by Daredevil in a straight fight. nah, doom is acutally superhuman in his own right, becasue he has enhanced his own body so much. when he lost all his gear and magic and was sent backwards in time, he still managed to fight and kill a [giant lion in one blow.](https://i.redd.it/ii1yed5w0udz.jpg) Doom has martial arts prowess, he just never needs it becaue he uses more powerful stuff.
I dont think it would change that much. I think the two key things that effected ultrons personality was whatever thanos put in the crystal and the fact that ultron had acces to jarvis, avengers tower and the internet directly when born. With Hank, he would lack jarvis and avengers towers, and i dont think he would be able to access the internet either. So, while he would still be rather hostile, he would only have access to whatever data Hank gave him untill he could get to the internet. which would probably make him less impulsive, but he would hate hank the more for it i think. he would probably be more focused on hank alone instead of killing all humans, atleast at first. but i think the "kill all humans part" was a underlying thing of what thanos put in there
Yes Kaine yes
Its worth noting that none of robins drawings ever mentioned thanos or the snap. Its possible that due to the nature of the timestone, it was blocked from her view. She also said something like "somethings different" when daisy got the serum, but i always thought it was related to the time stone.
if surtur stood still and allowed him. surtur could just pick up and throw him 400 miles away, or maybe even crush him
i mean, they had guns on the top of them as well. and they were aiming to go rather high up in the atmosphere. plus, they were partly stark tech
Lucky Wanda
those people are usually idiots who knows nothing about comics. If you asked them "what about thor" they would say one of three things. 1. Thor is way weaker than Superman, so it doesnt apply. 2. Thor is a god, so it doesnt apply. 3. Thor who?
and then he goes from a angry viking space god with the strenght of superman and command over lighting with a hammer to a angry and sad viking space god with the strenght of superman and command over lighting without a hammer it wouldnt do much.
point it in any direction he wants and fire? you know, cruiser-stuff
At this point, its not much misery anymore. He is loved, well know and a respected hero. When he walks outside anymore he doesnt get sneers and hateful looks, he gets cheers and smiles and children wanting to play with their hero
&gt;For context, someone who grew up in the Borderlands but wasn't a soldier would still beat an ordinary professional soldier 8/10 is this like a fact, that everyone from the borderlands are stronger/faster/bigger? Or is this just one thing that happened at one point? But yeah, its really hard to compare skill between universes, but saying that they beat 7 elite soldiers who are elite compared to regular professional soldiers is a rather good feat.
&gt; The Statue of Liberty is 3x as tall as the Colossus was and it only weighs 255 tons. I doubt this feat exceeds 500 tons in strength. do we know how large the Colossus in the game is? casue it seems larger than the Statue of Liberty, only counting the statue part and not the stone she stands on
About as fast as he needs. Comic flash can operate at ftl speeds.
&gt;But if you still think that they should be scaled to Superman after considering all of that i think that they should. firstly, zod equaled supes in almost every catagory in their fight, no one really showed to be superior to the other, and they should logically have the exact same powers as each other, so they should be about as strong. secondly, doomsday was shown to equal supes or even be superior to him at times, so i definitly think they could scale off supes supes has shown way better lifting feats than either of hulk or thor tho, and his striking feats are mostly against supes, and they do send each other flying very far. however, now that i think about it, kurse also sends thor flying like a ragdoll when punching him
almost all mcu heros kill all the time lol. thor is definitly killing everyone he hits in that scene. its just that almost no one gets any gory death. the only ones i know that got that are kurse and the extremis soldiers.
&gt;At what point in the Halo games do they state that MJOLNIR armor is waterproof? Unless we have something saying otherwise, Chief must be harmed somehow by being in deep water. its not even deep water, as soon as he gets into the sea he instadies. in halo 1 you instadies if you walk too far out in the shallow water. also if a moving vehicle just as much as touches you you instadies as well
their spirits cant be destroyed either, they are the part that is totally immortal however, it costs them energy to make a body, the better body the more energy, so when they die they lose a lot of their power, and they can run out of power, which is why sauron was totally harmless after the ring was destroyed, all his power was destroyed.
during ToP, he defeated a enemy 18 was struggling with and who she thought they needed to team up to defeat. but krillin was like "nah i got this punk solo" and whips him out easily
mcu thor is just a alien with magic. its only in the comics he is truly divine. bombadil only was immue becasue he had literally 0 ambition, not becasue he was more powerful than sauron
yeah, but it was still only a dog the size of a horse or so. not like he battled a titan
hulk, thor and loki can deal with malekith, ultron and skurge, but hela will be a damn trouble for them, considering she was bitching woke thor. however, kratos is a step above (unless he got weaker in 4) and should be able to take her down
time also didnt exist there, so its possible his reality warping cant effect it
[here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvx3CeTdzy0). 18 is very unsure if they should fight him after both 18 and krilling gets kocked around and hurt. then krillin takes him on alone and clashes with him rather evenly. then he does need to restort to the shoe trick, but he still did way better than 18 did, and she didnt want to fight him, while krillin was confident about it
kratos never lost that power, and he gets even more powerful later
TBF, they did kinda realise at the end of the show that slavery was bad, so thats atleast one point for them. not a great step tho, im well aware
when thanos breaks the mirror dimension attack he uses the power stone. the space stone is used to transform that mirror dimension into a small singularity iirc
yeah, tony aint half bad. people like that say that he is just a guy in a suit, but he can fight
it missed? it got lucky?
its biology alone would open up new fields of study in every field of study, from physics to material design to chemestry to genetics. it grows from larva to adult in hours, it bleeds the strongest acid known to man, and it doesnt even need to fucking eat.
he was once shot and his superspeed kicked in when the bullet touched his skin, and he dodged it after getting hit flashs nerve signals also use the speed force
Gohan even got beat lame in ToP. He got so much hype up untill the tournament started, then went out like a wuss with dyspo
&gt;Hakai can be resisted, candy beam can’t. Zeno’s erase is probably better though. didnt evil buu just blow it away? Also, didnt vegito found a way out of buu?
When harry fell, dumbledore stood up and did some magic, probably to save him
yeah i wasnt really sure on how strong SBP really is outside his guardian amp. he does seem to struggle a bit with s-tiers, he is deinfilty above them but not so far that he oneshots superman it seems. but yeah, he definitly seems closing in on galaxy level, since he approches silver age supes. however, deathseed sentry overpowered a celestial, so thats pretty fucking strong. "silver age" sentry also once stalemated galactus. &gt;I'm not so sure of the same for Marvel's heroes during Dark Reign. i was specificly only talking about when loki amped them with the norn stones, who basically is just a magical wish machine. it made captain america, a peak human, strong enough to hurt the void, and probably brought thor up to even greater levels. it was so that the void stopped fighting the avengers and went to kill loki so the stones would stop working. thor with the norn stones might have a shot at SBP, but outside of that the best they can do is stall him. i am not sure how sentry would fare against zatanna and myx, their reality warping is rather strong, even tho sentry is also rather bonkers when it comes to his total immortality. he has only really faced reality warping once (not couting molecule man casue he was weakend to a unknown degree in dark reign) and that was the absorbing man who had the powers of a cosmic cube, and he was an idiot. dr stranges magics doesnt do much on sentry tho. when it comes to monarch (casue sentry would definitly be fooled into fighting him), monarch has rather hefty telepahty as well as matter manipulation, right? so im not sure if sentry would win that. maybe he can rupture his suit for the story to continue, but im not sure.
&gt;To add to this, we also don't know if flight is the same as their fight speed. We knot Gotenks at SSJ3 could travel at speeds close to or approaching light (in the anime at least) as he circled the world quickly multiple times, though it took him some seconds, so he was probably going some orders slower than light. yeah, they definitly seems to move way faster in short bursts in fights than they do in longer flights. we have some who are very ftl in travel, like whis, beerus, jiren in the manga and that wierd alien parasite that gohan fights in super. &gt;A lot of people love to use the power level multipliers as direct multipliers to each stat. IE. SSJ1 is a 50x power level amp, so they assume that increase his strength, speed and durability 50x each, but we have no reason to assume that's the case. Power levels are a vague description of power and it's more likely it's a combined amp to each factor that equals something like 50x as combat efficient. When in reality, increasing everything by 50x would be a much much higher increase. yeah powerlevels are bullshit. there is no direct linjear or other calulateble connection with powerlevels. a shotgun is a powerlevel of 5, with 400 you can blow up the moon, but you need 18000 to blow up the earth. there is no real connection here. however, its very directly stated that kaiokenx2 does flat out double your speed, strenght and all other stats, and we know ssj 50x makes you way stronger than kkx20 does, but all we know is that ssj is a 50x to your powerlevel, its never stated how much stronger your strenght and speed and such gets, but its clearly more than x20. &gt;You could make a good case though for them moving slower than light speed or around that by them making a big deal out of Dyspo's speed being light. yeah if you really wanna lowball it you can say that dyspo is only ftl when using his speed up technique, or even lower, only when he is using his purple ultra superspeed mode that he used against freiza. however, that last one doesnt make sense, since they said he was beyond lightspeed before he ever used his ultra highspeed mode, so the most logical lowball is that its when he uses his charage technique. and ssg goku reacted to that blitz, so plenty of people are faster than that. also, they didnt really make a big deal out of it. toppo just said that he has "surpassed the speed of sound and light". speed of sound is hardly relevant here, so it seems to was mostly to brag about how far he as come. also, no one else made a big deal of him being faster than light, since no one reacted or was even impressed by the statement that he was faster than light. "but why would toppo even mention speed of light then if it isnt impressive?" well why would he mention speed of sound? if you wanna highball it, you could just as eaisly make a sense that radditz is ftl, but i feel that is going a bit too far. the easiest way i find, and which i feel makes most sense, is just to say that namek final form frieza and pc supes are about equal, and then just scale from there.
yeah magic in tolkien is very very vauge. Every one just have a certain amount of "power". Elves has more "power", some humans has a lot of "power" like aragorn or turin or hurin or so. Some elves as a fuckload of "power" like feanor, elrond, fingolfin etc. Feanor had so much "power" or "inner flame" as it was also called that he turned to ash when he died. Maiar and valar has way more "power", and can do a lot more with this "power". And with this "power" they can just...*do* things. Gandalf didnt cast any spell on Saruman, he just said "ur staff broke" and it broke. it seems they more like impose their will on reality and stuff just happens. Gandalf can do some lighting stuff it seems, Sauron can controll the weather etc. You can also put your "power" into stuff to make them better, like how sauron put his "power" into the ring, or into trolls to make the olog-hai, or how morgoth spent all his "power" into corrupting the entire world. if you spend too much "power" you become powerless and weak. However, there is talk about people using spells and such, and Sauron once had a magical duel with with some elven king, and that one elven woman (luthien?) once sang a tower apart, undoing the spells put on it and making it collapse. But its never said if its acutally known spells or them just mumbling while doing magic to concentrate and direct it better. magic in tolkien seems more like very limited applied reality warping by spending a part of your "power" than regular magic with preset spells and such. In the end, its really really vauge and hard to use on www
yeah, but hit is universal, this isnt a fight
the recton punch seems to be explained in the RT as some kind of time manipulation, removing people from time. its worth noting that sentrys immortality seems to extend to time attacks, since morgana seemingly went back in time and killed sentry at another point, yet he still came back in the present anyway. the void also seems to have time travel powers
yeah, the team might hit hard, but not hard enough. however, they both outspeed thanos by a silly degree, so he will need to restort to them making misstakes or telepathy to bring them down. i think goku might be able to hurt thanos, but not by much, atleast not enough. in the end, i also say thanos 9/10. the 1 is if goku manages to hit a maxpower kamehameha in thanos face a few times over, or if superman uses phasing attacks
A alternative continuity could be a multiverse, and contain several alternative universes. The arrowverse is the perfect example. its a different continity than the comics or the other movies, but its an entire multiverse, with 52 alternative earths
i dont know the source, just what everyone has told me. the wiki [also says ](http://dragonball.wikia.com/wiki/Frieza) &gt;Additionally, in the anime, King Kai notes that 50% Power Mecha Frieza's Supernova attack was ten times stronger than 50% Power Frieza's Destroy the Planet! Death Ball.
that sounds like a rather bad system as well. however, considering that people in this situations usually needs their job more than their job needs them, so while in theory it should be balanced, in reality its probably not
616 thanos can jump into a black hole and come out on the other side with minor scratches, graviton couldnt do shit
you are correct, [it seems to be like 20 kms across](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/marvelcinematicuniverse/images/2/26/AsgardFull.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20180421164352)
depends on how willing the doctor is to kill. if he starts in his tardis, he could just dematerialise then materialise on top of strange, which in turn would dematerialise strange. but in character would never do that, and would rather try to build a gadget that would neutralise stranges magic
i know. but they are photons, just photons that carry kineitc energy. which is why i said that they would behave like a laser over larger distances
yeah, she threw him down several floors, but on a open battlefield there would only be flat ground so he wont sink very far, and if she stops pushing he would just get right back up. also, war machine disabled her in less than a second with his sonic cannon
&gt;Would these events below be parallel universe, alternate universe or alternate timeline? as the other guy said, different settings use the different terms for the same thing. but generall, if the difference was created by someome time travelling, then its an alternative timeline. if you found this place where DT is a golfer instead of a businessman by jumping between universes, then its an alternative universe. it could be a alternative timeline to that alternative universe, if someone in that universe time travelled to change that you could say that time travell creates new alternative universes, or you could say that other universes are just timelines were someone acted differently, but then you are just being confusing, which is why my way is much easier. TLDR, its a alternative timeline if someone messed with time to make it happen, its an alternative universe if it has always been that.
there is none. all these timetravel schenanigans have made it so there are multiple versions of him thats hardly even connected anymore and doesnt share anything except name
the ghost rider is a spirit of vengence, he is either divine or a demon, he cares not for the laws of men. he goes after sinners. if you have sinned, it doesnt matter what the law says, you gonna burn. i dont think frank would change his code if the law changed. he kills bad guys, they would still be bad guys even if they were legal
well this was more to keep them busy somehow and not interupt the rest of the fighting. its possbile banner might just hide, and then zemo could try and pit thor vs the vision
You dont happen to be /u/TommyLindo s alt? casue he asked [this exact question](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskScienceFiction/comments/8nyoq3/marvel_what_is_thor_weakness/) a while back on /r/AskScienceFiction, literally word for word. if you are not, i must commend you for your lack or originality. and i'll give you the same answer i did back then. thor doesnt have one, becasue thor isnt expected to have one. Im just gonna copy paste it. ______________________________________________ &gt;On the opinions of many, Superman is a bad character because he is powerful, therefore his stories lack a sense of danger. Anyone who says that is an idiot. Thor doesnt really have any weakness. Sure, with some rather hefty magics you could drain his powers, but at that point you could also just blast him to death with it. The only real thing he has thats close to kryptonite is the tooth of the midgard serpant. And even then its only a weakness in the way that it would cut him as a knife would cut a normal man, so you still needs to hit him with it. So, its nothing more of a weakness than a regular good knife. Also, superman and thor stories are totally different. Superman often faces regular humans, one of his main guys is a bad rich dude, so ofc he needs some kind of weakness. Superman is about a god that wants to be human and who has human stories, and so he needs a weakness that regular humans can exploit so he can have regular human stories. Thor, on the other hand, is a god doing god-stuff. He doesnt need to be limited by human stuff becasue he is a god, and he is a story of the fantastic tales of a god in the human world doing god stuff. Thor doesnt go to fight a evil buissnessman, he goes to fight someone like Ulik, who is like hulk with brass knuckles, or loki, who is like thor but with more magic, or surtur, who is a giant fire demon. And when thor does go to fight a evil buissnessman, that [buissnessman can turn into a Minotaur](http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Dario_Agger_\(Earth-616\)/) thats as strong as the hulk TLDR, the focus of their stories are totally different. So Thor doesnt suffer the same critice as Superman does since that issue is never relevant to his stories.
haha skitkul
Its not a mask, its a helmet. He had sense enough to wear head protection. Its not awfully clever to walk out and do superhero stuff without proper protection. His suit is armour, not just simple cloth, makes sense he would protect the most important part as well.
I feel arrow has been shit 95% of the time the last 3 seasons. Im still gonna finish watching it, becasue i have already invested so much time into it so i wanna finish it. and im gonna bitch about it afterwards
Extreme miniaturization.
yeah he has smacked out hulk on more than one occasion. he has also taken a beating from thanos and survived
ofcourse he has
&gt;WWGIWGA! PEBKAC! TISCWSLABMUZ! is this...acronyms for something, or just random rambling?
we have not seen him go up against magic yet, so there is nothing on it whatsoever. he has no special resistences nor weaknesses
Round 1: zamasu here, base kefla was around ssg level. zamasu was above ssb here, around kaioken level. round 2: against ssj2, kefla is stronger, but zamasu is still very very immortal. its possible that her lasers could cut him in two, but then he goes infinite, so it depends if you count that as a win or not. round 3: corrupted zamasu was vegito blue level, he should be close to jiren if not above him. kefla doesnt stand a chance
r3 is zamasu when he got his corrupted arm, not when he became the abstract. at this point he was ssb vegitio level, he should stomp kefla
prc superman and hulk are very close in strenght actually, they both have around planetary levels of strenght. the deciding factor is speed, not strenght or durability, since superman is way faster than hulk
expected initial d
We have not seen many regular superheros on alien worlds. They are often part of the goverment or military, like ronan or gladiator, or they are some sort of avengers team, like the Galadorian Spaceknights
Make connections. Almost everyone who has superpowers and didnt get them from total chance, like cage or jessica or inhumans, have gotten it from shady conenctions. Hydra, while they were still around, loved to test stuff on human subjects. There is a rather large transhuman society, who focuses on cybernetics, but those are mostly for the really rich. You could try and find some shady doctor who tries to replicate the inhuman powers with genemodification, there was a dude on hawaii that did that many experimental treatments and drugs might work as well. One dude got sonic scream powers from a cancer treatment, another got superstrenght from some steriods.
yeah the gauntlet was totally charred after the snap. Its possible that it was overloaded by the snap. I assume that the stones are still working, since they are infinite, but we also know that the stones can break, so its possible they are toast too. One way to repair the gauntlet could be with the time stone. As for what stopping thanos from using it again? well, seemingly thanos. he doesnt seem to want to use it again, he hardly used the stone the first time before the snap. he seems content to just watch the sunrise and live out his life after the snap, possibly as a simple farmer
superman is like the 6th strongest person on the justice league
didnt xenoverse goku survive all of the multiverse *and* time getting blown up?
the gauntlet is still toasted, but his charred arm is healed
wonder woman is just like superman, except a better fighter, and she has weapons and her brancelets, and magic resistence. shazam is just like superman, except he has magic martian manhunter is just like superman, except he has telepahty, phasing, shapeshifting and extreme healing. the flash is way faster, has way better hax and hits just as hard as superman. on a good day green latern is just like superman, except he can also create constructs with his ring. superman is the basic bitch of justice league. all the others have his powers, and more on top of it. he is the leader casue he has meta hax and is a damn good leader
Not really. the purpose of vader being a lord of the sith isnt to give him sith to boss around. its to show that he is worhty of being a sith of that order and on that level, and to bring fear to everyone who hears his name. its a title to honor him and scare others, not to give him claim over any land or for any legal reasons.
&gt;Been a while since I watched FMA:B but wasn't the circle Hoenheim did was to negate the Alchemy-canceling circle that Father did? i watched it only a few months ago, but now that you say it i dont really remember. i thought what Hoenheim did was what sent the souls back to all the people? its on netflix, i can rewatch that episode.
Its worth noting that the Diamantine tip of a bolter is not a diamond, its a composite ceramic material. "Diamantine" means consisting of diamonds, or resembling diamonds' molecular structure and is probably an indicator that some form of industrialised diamond material is used in the ceramic composite. tho im not gonna claim perfect knowledge about the starcraft rounds, their spike form seems to imply that they are meant to pierce. kraken penetrator rounds also contains a large part adamantium, which is extremly durable and dense, which means that it would probably not fragment at all, which makes sense since they are meant to penetrate targets as much as possible. &gt;Some materials hold their shape better on impact, some fragment, and there's (to the best of my knowledge) no reason you couldn't apply the same basic principle as a hollow point round to C-14 ammunition, which would cause a whole lot of bad things to happen inside your target. that might be true, since the only times i have seen a c-14 used on unarmoured targets they have basically been gibbed, but that might also be due to the speed of the round
there is nothing that says the time scales with the amout of souls linearly,or even at all. you are just assuming that. we are talking about eating gods here, maths goes out the window. also, you are assuming that father knew about this beforehand and decided to do it anyway, which doesnt make sense. how the fuck would he know about this?
lol beam is subsonic
It could also just be that if they concentrate their firepower at one point they would simply overpower their shields, armour and regenration
becasue to the empire, vader is the boogieman. He isnt a damaged man in a suit, he is a dark fucking monster that is immortal and unstoppable. if one of his troops saw him vunurable like that, he cant have that Also, anakin is a broken man, and doesnt want anyone to see how broken he is. The trooper saw him how how he really is, and anakin doesnt want anyone to see him
&gt;His body tissue is too dense to be destroyed by regular kinetic energy. then just add more kinetic energy. there are always limits to durability against kinetic energy
yeah i think his crew is refered to as space pirates at one point. not sure if he could take the upper tiers of natuto tho, doubt it
Or decides it doesnt exist
Wait, im cunfused, why couldnt it be that size?
i mean....from the early start of sayian saga, to the late end of buu saga, its pretty fucking safe to say that they have gotten 60 times faster. hell, i bet you could easily count 60 times they have gotten a powerup and been fte to someone alone. yeah, we cant acutally prove it, but i mean....if they didnt get atleast 60 times faster, then that would mean that they cant percive things moving like 1% faster than they do, considering how often people are fte to other people.
I think we need a new rant on it
he is tho. when he was made, he was acutally supposed to be a ripoff off Metron, but his creator was told "why dont you rip off the god thats actually good" and thanos was made
well the master started to call herself a time lady when she became a woman. but the doctor explained that in gallifreyan there wasnt a distinction between men and women timelords, since they can change sex whenever they want, so the word time lord, is, on gallifrey, gender netural. he also called english a primative langugage that feels the need to make that distinction
nah, he may be overly powerful, attractive and impossibly popular, but he cant read so he has a flaw therefor not a mary sue
he wasnt, but cap was in the way.
[spear wins 35/65](https://youtu.be/afqhBODc_8U?t=1190) better reach and with nothing for the sword guy to use to protect himself with, its really not much a contest
https://www.reddit.com/r/whowouldwin/comments/a2mjya/commander_shepard_vs_15_normal_reporters_armed/eazu5p0/ here ya go buddy. right under those *deleted comments*. you had plenty of time to add something too them
I dub thee a liar and a fraud
fear the balzac
he dodges those large red beams strange shoots at him
"movie spoilers", which movie would that be then?
drax swords just bounced off him, he caught dr stranges energy sword, he tanked bullets, iirc he tanked nebulas sword as well. he was never hit by iron mans sword tho, and gamoras sword we only saw in a illusion
odin was the one who made the enchantments, i dont think thor knows that much about it. he did enchant jarnbjörn tho, he blessed it with his own blood iirc so it could cut celestial armour. and that came back to bite him in the ass 1000 years later
he was a demigod up untill gow1, where he became a full on god as the god of war. if he is still a god after zeus draining all his power in gow2 if up to debate, or if he now is...something else.
That is True, soul stone stuff is damn hard to quanitfy
isnt that just a straight up mistranslation?
well, it would have lessed visions death scene a bit if we just 150 minutes earlier saw thanos rip heimdals eyes out
&gt;I had to write a god damn 2500 worded essay on this shit is a 5 page paper meant to make you an expert?
This is literally all colonists ever lol
well freiza had never battled anyone of equal power, it makes sense that he doesnt know the limits of his durability. so he was afraid that his own attack would kill him and held back too much. &gt;At the very least that would insinuate either vegeta is lying or vegeta and frieza are lying. no not really. also, why is literally everyone forgetting about that time when frezia destroyed planet vegeta? first form freiza destroyed a planet thats over 10 times more massive than earth, casaully, while sitting down, in his weakest form. every DB hater conviniently forgets about that. &gt; The scale from evenbgalaxy level to universe level is basically infinite though. So it would make no sense from goku to jump from multi solar system level (by feats) to universal. you missed the part where they did the [god ritual](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMhjyqvEcqU)? your entire argument here is literally invalid since he **DIDNT** train to become universal, he gained access to god ki and god ki is strong as fuck. you are grasping at straws here, your arguments doesnt hold up when you dont even know what happend. &gt;It would be like captain marvel training for a day and being able to punch earth apart with ease. man you picked the worst fucking character to do a analogy lol. A; captain marvel can absorb energy to become stronger, and B, when she absorbs enough energy she becomes Binary, who acutally *is* a planetburster lol. a better try at a analogy would be "captain america trains for a day and is now a planetburster", but, EVEN THEN it wouldnt hold up, since goku didnt train, he got the god form. so, a *correct* analogy would be captain america became one of galactus heralds and is suddenly now a planet burster, ***becasue thats what the power cosmic does*.**
No its never shown to fly that fast on earth, only when leaving it. and it weights 42 lbs. so yeah, in space he could be that fast. however, thats mjolnirs own power, not thor throwing it.
he dont fly he flex
i mean, they could just give those suits and powers (atleas those he knows how to get) with some major drawback, which is why he doesnt do it. like with magic. batman doesnt deal with magic, becasue he doesnt trust magic. make his suits and powers like that too. he doesnt use the venom serum becasue it makes him mentally unstable and is addictive. he doesnt use the hellbat becasue using that literally kills him. (how does that even work? atleast blame it on magic or fueled by his own willpower or something. it was made with the help of the entire league, just make it a mix of everyting and explain why replicating a green lantern ring is bad, or why willpower tech and magic doesnt mix etc)
no one watched original db. almost no of the issues people have with dragonball are with the orginial series, its about z or super. also TIL, krillin died in OG DB as well. explains why its such a meme, i thought his first death was to freiza so i felt the meme "ofc krillin dies" wasnt justified
if its a magical warewolf curse, than yes, since kryptonian dyrability doesnt work against *most* magical things. since a magical wareful would have a magical weakness to silver, a kryptonian warewolf would be hurt by it. the problem is, it would be way faster than any bullet
doom seemed to have an AI in his older suits as well, just that unlike Tonys they never talked. so mabye one of the first things he did was mute the thing. or maybe he replaced it with a doombot, but that hardly seems safe, considering the personality of the doombots
Thats just game mechanics. Just like how mastercheif will instadie if he touches a car in motion, or if you shoot him in the foot enough Times. Game mechanics doesnt count
the zerg can beat them in some senarios. if put on a planet with low biomass, the zerg will grow faster since they dont need biomass. unit for unit they are also very comparable in stats. generally its just a matter of scale, the nids are just on a much larger scale
Then travel would be faster
seems strange that advanced aliens would build space ships out of weak metals.
i dont remember how he went down in annihiliation, and i dont know about zeus, but i dont think you can classify anything celestials does as regular energy. however, i know he has been "hurt" by energy attacks before, prime example [thanos](http://i.imgur.com/xJmkk0q.jpg)
There is also the fact that he is bound by his future. His lack of free will kinda explains why he acts like he does. because he did.
if you want the viewer to know that a character used feints and simply wasnt bad at fighting and got lucky, you would have a thought bubble, or someone saying it, or a text box etc.
i dont remember that one. the one im talking about god a warehouse in the desert, filled it with terminator metal, locked the door then just stood there
Round 1 and 2, bardock isnt strong enough to do shit to thor, but he is fast enough to never get caught. bardock keeps throwing everything he has at thor untill gets lucky and oneshots him. round 3 and 4, xenoverse bardock is strong enough to oneshot thor, and i think xenoverse characters got some crazy hax resistence as well, so i dont think thor stands much of a chance here
&gt;Doctor Strange coming to bargain, we would need more than 10 moments then
vegeta had 18000, and outside of filler he had to charge the gallic gun to destroy the earth. but yeah, iirc teenage broly went around oneshotting planets in base too
its swedish, it stands for **b**arnens **r**ätt **i** **s**amhället, which means the childrens right in the society
&gt;Vegeta's Super Saiyan Rainbow form ah, the classical ssjlgbt kkx20
He is an absolute unit and thats about that. he is strong becasue he is 400 kg of muscles
well those are some impressive, but its not on kratos level. its not like throwing [a 1000 ton collossus](https://gfycat.com/GorgeousFrighteningAustraliansilkyterrier) hundreds of meters away, or taking a [slap from cronos](http://i.imgur.com/64UMOk3.gifv)
&gt; i agree totally with what you are saying &gt; there for i am totally against your point im sorry what? my point is that since we have feats of kratos taking way worse attacks than what the enemies of the game he faces can dish out, its clear that that is just a game mechanic. just like how in skyrim, even if you wear a full plate armour from head to toe that is sealed shut enough to be used as a space suit, which is durable enough to resist the blows from giant and the teeth of a dragon, a rat can still hurt and kill you. which is a game mechanic. my point is that kratos has tanked things that are way stronger than any of MCs weapons and he has been totally fine. he has feats for that. what you are doing is ***ignoring*** those feats.
yeah, such a stab might be survivable, if they were not boiled as well
well, its literally the entire purpose of cenobites, and they do have magic to boot. however, Gorr deserves a special mention. [he once tortured a God](https://i.imgur.com/P8Xsit7.png) of torture, and he broke in one day
Or it could be since Thanos wanted it to be entierly random, the Stones would override her luck powers
everyone in starwars is just truly terrible at war. like, honest to god really fucking terrible at a war. and i mean, its understanable. the galaxy has been at peace for 1000 years, the republic has given up 99% of their army to peace monks and clones from 1 planet (how many experience war tacticians do you expect to find there? the jedi are monks, and the kaminos has problably never been at war) and the CIS did, as you said, just use stupid droids. and no, this cant really be blamed on palpatine, yes he decided the borad strokes of the war, who gets what intel etc, but he didnt decide the tactic in individual battles.
iirc there was said to be some flesh left inside his bones. but that was during the time he was "immortal", aka every time he died he would battle the angel of death, and if he wont he would revive.
[you cant really scale strombreaker to the IG](https://www.reddit.com/r/CharacterRant/comments/a3e8rk/stormbreaker_is_basically_featless_deal_with_it/), and he has never been shown to be able to use bifrost like the rainbow bridge could
well i mean, [have you seen the size of this lad?](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/marveldatabase/images/5/5c/Ultimate_Spider-Man_Vol_1_10_page_01_Wilson_Fisk_%28Earth-1610%29.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20091009191249) compare that to a fat man [who weights 400 kg](https://s3.india.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/2356.jpg), and then remember that muscle weights more than fat. Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson, the guy who plays the mountain, [he is at about 400 lbs](https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/hafrjlusbjrnsson.jpg) i wouldnt be suprised if kingpin is even heavier than 400 kg. but huh, [the wiki acutally lists his weight at 450 lbs, not kg.](http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Wilson_Fisk_\(Earth-616\)) dude must be hollow, or have gaspockets in his belly.
that as the power stone. and possibly the space stone, its hard to tell. but not the reality stone
there are punches being throw, so technically they are fights. artistically, not really
im fairly certain that kingpin is acutally a little bit stronger, but he is lacking in other areas. he is also a genetically freak. but cap has way more feats so he might have higher tier feats
this aint going that well for old billybob aint it?
well, cap might very well have the feats to replicate what kingpin has done. i just know that when they battled it wasnt an easy fight
to be fair, a base pre-secret wars thanos vs avatar darkseid would be more entertaining
i feel like we should be allowed to ignore both rule 1 and 3 for this comment specificly THATS NOT A SOURCE. thats the name of the show. as charlie said, the name of the character means jacked didly shit. give us a source on a wog of infinite power. rule 2. provide it or get reported
hasnt vegeta been shown to kill for shit and or giggles several times?
They generally tend to underestimate AIs
the daleks certianly could hacka covenant ship, but i cant see why they would bother. they will just fire lasers and be done with it. a single dalek was able to download the entire internet from a single computer, so they can do pretty much as the please
&gt; (I've even heard that Muay Thai fighters dup their hands in resin and metal filings or glass shards, though I'm not sure if thats believable.) [i thought it was cola and candy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNkvLDF7JOY)
sentry wasnt at max power during their fight, his power depends on his mental state, and he had just spent 29 hours trying his damndest to walk outside his house, and during the entire fight he was losing controll over his powers and asked hulk to stop him
in the movie he doesnt, the movie takes president. also, is that the glow that indicates "im using this stone now" or is it a glow that indicates "hey, reminder that the power stone is here"
huh, cool
jonah is a great champion for mutant rights, and he considers cap the greatest hero. he mostly cares about spiderman becasue he is right where jonah is, and he hides behind a mask. i dont know if he knows who daredevil is
the thing has had atleast 2 girlfriends, so im pretty sure he can.
yeah he can http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Alicia_Masters_(Earth-616) edit, there is also the she thing http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Sharon_Ventura_(Earth-616)
one would guess its the other way around, consiering how good we are at endurace
he punches someone standing close to the edge so they fall and drop the ring, he then catches them after they dropped the ring
me making a fuzz? you kept this up for like 20 comments with beckwith, and through all of them you kept breaking rule 5. also, way to move the goal posts there dude. if you only were talking about his absolutly strongest weapon and not all his others, say so from the start
man, these rants always brings out the martial arts snobs, there is so much gatekeeping going on here
&gt;And the issue is that Batman/Wayne doesn't actually work towards that ideal world, he addresses the symptoms of the imperfect world that he is complicit in. Are workers in Wayne Enterprises paid a living wage, for example? If not they're more likely to have to supplement their income in another way, and if that is through criminal activity then Batman's gonna come down hard on them. Pointing out charity work Wayne does is just as bad - that's Wayne deciding which causes are worth his money (money that he got unethically) and spending it as such. wayne is like the biggest philantrophist in all media. hell, he is one of few people that hire excriminals only to keep them off the street, and he pays enough so they wont need to go back to the streets. batman fights the symptons, bruce wayne goes after the casue.
if your character has superstrenght or something like that, they can do like kratos or shadow of collosus, and just climb around them sticking their sword into weak points. for example, kratos kills the titan chronos, [with a rather extended operation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ki-Nj6WRtw4) its like a human fighting a rather large ant, it crawls around on you and bites you where it hurts the most
i mean, what more can he do? buy the entire country and impose cure communism on it? abolish taxes and demand universal income? he is still just a part of the system, and is doing everything he can. the argument "batman/bruce wayne times is wasted since he isnt doing anything to combat the root casues" is just false, since he does a lot to prevent the situations that casue people to turn to crime. as long as you remove the lowest level of poverty, a lot of crime vanishes. yeah, people would still be on the bottom, but it would be a higher bottom so there would be less incentive for crime. it is possible to have a crime free city and still be "trapped in a capitalistic system. "
every rant is a dragonball rant there are mountains in dragonball, ergo its a dragonball rant there are peak humans in dragonball, ergo its a dragonball rant there are hulking people in dragonball, ergo its a dragonball rant there are strenght tiers in dragonball, ergo its a dragonball rant and goku is omnipotent, ergo its a dragonball rant
you turn the skull upside down you silly. you drink from the back, holding your hand under it, with the eye holes as seating for your fingers.
[i did, nothing fucking changed](https://i.imgur.com/kJFpmzH.png)
yeah you really gotta give us more than this. this is more of a showerthought than a question what the fuck do you mean?
i mean, the names arent really the thing that matters there. ancient nameless things are usually inspired by lovecraft. also, your question is way to general, and frankly, non-sensical to be awnswered. the power of "ancient nameless things" in fiction varies way too much. for example, in lord of the rings they dont seem to have much power at all, compared to god in islam, who is omnipotent and has 100 names. TLDR, bad question.
&gt;conradification i googled that word and only got 3 hits, 1 was yours, 1 was the lad bible and 1 was in french. you gotta explain that word to me
he is also a physical god, walking around so enough gold to destabilse a small countries economy, and wields a flaming sword against the barbarians. he knows exactly how ironic all of this is, because [Uriah Olathaire](https://1d4chan.org/wiki/The_Last_Church) literally spelt it out for him right in his face. The Emperors respone was "No u" and burn Uriah with his chruch when he refused to leave it.
it held up rather well against people like the hulk or iron man
there is acutally some ardent energy effect when you hit some of the larger demons, that goes away after a while, often right before and after you stagger them. the energy flash is replaced by blood by then
where does everyone find the ability to see the broly movie? i have looked all over the god damn internet and cant find a single link or torrent or anything at all.
he had some nice moments with trunks in the zamasu arc. and he got some good moments in the ToP as well, but yeah, a lot of bad moments too
and what it feels like to have your arm broken and burned
i always imagien that it was either a punishment duty or a honorary duty. Like, either you fucked up bad enough for punishment but not bad enough to be fired, so you gotta sit on a mountain for 2 months on a duty that has been used like 4 times in 3000 years, or you did an outstanding job so you was rewarded with 2 months vacation in a cosy mountain relaxation home, manning the duty that has been used 4 times in 3000 years, so what are the odds you gonna need to do anything, you can just relax and have chill out &gt;What do they do if the weather is bad and the wood has accidentally gotten wet? we see that there is a rather large batch of oil above the one pippin is lighting, they most likely have even more oil if needed &gt;What if Sauron bribed, corrupted or somehow controlled a single lighting post? it seems you can see the closest 3 or 4, so if one was light up without the others, people gonna start asking question. they also sent a messenger by horse to rohan, carrying a red arrow to confirm that it was real
Its so common, i almost break out in a prolonged rant every time i see it, but alas i stop myself, since i know its so prevelevant that i know its useless
tinder proves you wrong. there are plenty. they just arent biting
i am rather sure my dick isnt big, but condoms fucking strangle me. feels like im putting elastic bands around the damn thing, waiting for it to turn blue
he wasnt killed at the start of GOW3, he just fell down in a hole that went down all the way to hades. there is a large chasam at the bottom of mount olympus. he died in GOW1 as well, when ares kills him. he climbed up that time too
&gt;Whis is the person who's shown the ability to do that without some sort of teleportation. jiren in the manga can as well. he flew to another planet becsaue it was faster than going by ship
there are plenty of planet bursters in marvel, and they are very impressive. there is a reason why gladiator and thor are cosmic heavy hitters. sure, they arent *the* most powerful around, but they are powerful enough. freiza would be in the same spot as thanos. an evil strong space dude who isnt afraid to blow up the planet he is on
Ever seen fight club?
No the doctor generally knows more than the master &gt;She almost certainly does, right, forgott that. &gt;Neither would Jiren. Hit's powers have been shown to have a weakness to raw power in general. That's not an issue with Missy's. except its rather blatantly stated why jiren did what he did, unlike when goku broke it. and even if the time stop isnt working, he still got 99 other ways, and atleast 1 of them does acutally include a bitch
well, when it comes down to it, thanos does plenty of punching.
she does have a backdoor into vision using the mindstone tho, as we saw in IW she is rather connected to it
"no more MCU" gottem
JJ could resist it due to her healing factor, she became immue to his virus
mcu odin has like 2 feats in total
#season 5 spoliers centipide quake should be able to take anyone who cant counter getting throw into fucking orbit. even her durability against blunt force is rather insane, considering the hits she took from gravitron. graviton is one of the strongest physical villians in mcu, up there with thanos, hela and kurze, and she dumpstered him. edit, [relevant](https://i.redd.it/rc69y0d8iir11.jpg)
why would you be able to live on a ringworld, but not a dyson sphere? a dyson sphere is just a ringworld, but more. and they can be used for energy procution only, if you put solar cells all over the damn thing. you can also just have solar cells here and there, and have livable parts on other parts. and there is nothing dangerus with solar cells, remember that solar highway thing a few years back? a solar cell is like the safest way to generate power, hell i have seen clothes with solar cells
that seems to depend on who is writing. i have never really seen anyone gain or lose power from more or less people praying too him. there are times when people pray to thor and thor manages to do something, but its never clear if they are just cheering him on and its just a willpower boost from him hearing people are cheering him on (as most people would get) or if its an acutal power boost. for example, when thor was in the middle of the god bomb, all the gods prayed to thor, and then thor manages to do what he needs to do. but, as i said its not clear if its just for motivation or acutal power. they can hear prayers tho. but it seems to come up from time to time, that prayers can help them. for exmaple in herc 6, druing fear itself, a bunch of hercules worshippers tries to help hercules in a fight by praying too him, saying that gods derive powers from prayers. however, he isnt a god at the time, so his teammates gets a powerup from the prayers. however, that does seem due to a spell another god did at the time. she did a spell that the fear of the people of brooklyn empowered kyknos, however when they started to pray to herc and feel hope instead of fear, her power diverted that power to hercs teammates. so, while prayer did empower someone there, it was due to a spell. tldr, its said at a few times, but i have never seen in practice. its worht noting tho, that gods like the asgardians and olympians, while they dont have many worshippers on earth, they are worshipped on a million other planets. and they are some of the strongest pantheons.
ironic then, that Plageius couldnt
he came to earth becasue he heard about the dragonballs through radditz. radditz came to earth becasue goku was sent there and he wanted to see if he had taken over the planet yet
immortality isnt relevant in the ToP, killing isnt allowed after all. And there were some really hard to kill beings there, like the blue slime guy, and Buu if he would have participated. Wishing for infinite stamina would also be fine, 17 and 18 already had that. infinite power tho might not have been possible. regular dragonballs are limited by the power of their creator, they can only make you powerful to a point. if you used the super dragon balls tho, its possible you might have been banned
you cant say that word, thats a no-no word. the mods might here you, then you get the stake. the mods do not like that word
yeah, scaling only works when its good scaling, that goes without saying. bad scaling would be "batman beats superman with kryptonite. superman beats darkseid with pure strenght. therefor, batman can beat darkseid". that is bad scaling. however "superman beats darkseid with pure strenght. darkseid beats batman with pure strenght. therefor, superman can beat batman in a contest of pure strenght", that is acceptable scaling. if you are gonna scale, you need to compare the same attributes. strenght to strenght, speed to speed etc. ironically, this is what i have been trying to explain to you here, but it seems i didnt need too. you dont need to explain that to me tho, i have been here for like 4 years.
Well shire is supposed to be inspired by england. not many dangerus animals in england
In the comics iirc the handle is just wood. Also, the handle of Hammer doesnt have much impact on its damage
gohan in ultimate form is pushing close to ssg levels after the ToP. he could win this by flexing too hard
/r/bruhmoment
which version of drax? the [current](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/2d/12/42/2d1242d455b7537441be53307b2098ac.jpg) version or the [classical](https://www.writeups.org/wp-content/uploads/Drax-the-Destroyer-Marvel-Comics-Infinity-Watch-a.jpg) version? current version might have trouble (not sure exactly how strong he is) but classical version should win rather handily. classical drax once [destroyed a freaking star](https://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/9/98379/2460300-draxstarbusting.jpg)
TLJ haters - "why do people call us misogynists, we just didnt like the story, its badly written, its not fair to say we hate women becasue of that. also TLJ haters - "rEy Is uGlY, whY CAnT hOT woMeN tAKE thAT ROle" yes this is a bit sarcastic. a bit
&gt;is it feasable I mean, it literraly happen, so yes? The ancients died, ascended or interbred with humans, asgardian left to their own galaxy and battled the replicators, the nox simply went back into hiding and we dont know anything about the furlings
im thinking about if my setting should advance, becasue it will take place during 1000 years, and i usually dislike setting being stuck in medieval times.
how do you respectfully carry a severd head? upside down? not very respectfully? but do it rightside up and stuff will fall out
the one when he has the really long arms? [fishy fishy fishy fish!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CK0cUv3ba-o)
salt? go full Cato on that bitch
i look like my mother. it was wierd
seen half of izombie, its good. good lead actress
*Maybe its Maybelline*
they both are, they both constantly zip around the universe
it worked wonders on his arm
thor also has jarnbjorn, an axe that can cut him easily, it cut off his arm. jarnbjorn has no problem wiht suicides
hulk and blue marvel has done that to unstable sentry. stable sentry has control over his powers and wont be as easily bested. [sentry](https://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11116/111166158/4680921-3558155-da013023.jpg) can be completly aware while "dead", so would that really count as a incap?
nah he stays. deke didnt dissapear, they even comment on it tho robin the futureteller does say that the future changed.
several species have hardly changed at all in millions of years.
if you consider an omnipotent god magic
that assuming people can track thanos and knows where he will appear. the dude appears to have ftl ships without jumpholes, aka the exact mcguffin of the captain marvel movie, which both the skrulls and the kree considered worth anything and anyone. he can just appear over a world, devistate it, then leave again before any army could show up. and no one would be able to track him in the comics the answer is as simple as "she cant". thanos is way more powerful than captain marvel in the comics
i mean yeah probs
&gt; He defeated Eternal Flame Surtur yeah that is most likely true. but that seems mostly to be a case of breaking his crown, and rememberm hulk was creating cracks in that crown against full power surtur &gt;is so much more powerful than Hela that he could both defeat her and actively keep her contained for at least 1,500 years. the fact that he had to contain her kinda implies that he couldnt defeat her tho. and considering what he did to thor it could easily just been magic hax. even then we dont know how the battle between them went, maybe he did it while she was sleeping for all we know. and nothing says that he was conantly using x% of his power to keep her contained, maybe he just cast a spell that works as long as his heart is beating. all in all, we know that awaken thor is just flat out stronger than odin, odin flat out says so himself. and woke thor got his shit kicked in by thanos. most likely odin wont also get his shit kicked in by thanos. he lost his eye to simple frost giants after all
i mean, spotify didnt turned a profit untill this febuari they have a rather good grasp on their product
wow, thats brilliant, i have never thought about that
&gt;Look at the shape and arc of it, it looks much more like the path left behind from swinging his mace. yeah that makes sense
I am very obviously talking about their sublight speed and not their ftl speeds. Their ftl hyperspace speeds are entierly irrelevant to my arguments here
yeah, its a rather controversal subject to talk about here, where their free speach ends and others rights begin. it was a lawful protest, it just happend that those protesters were nazies. its a very classical 5th grade discussion topic
if someone shows up with a large piece of gold at a bank they gotta prove where they got it? anyone who does it is hit with a life time in jail? there arent that many alchemists, and tracking down the one who did it wont be impossible
[Here is his respect thread.](https://www.reddit.com/r/respectthreads/comments/7udbao/respect_thor_odinson_marvel_cinematic_universe/) As for some general stats, he is bulletproof to a high calliber, could most likely survive most missiles and conventional weapons. He can lift many tons, if we compare to people that he has battled like kurze or the hulk them probably several hundreds of tons, starting the rings of nidavileer was probably several thousands of tons.
&gt; Doenst Jessica Jones beat him in their fight as well? she manages to shoot him in the face with a shotgun and give him a concussion. before that she is running their entire fight, and they only match strenght once
His spider sense helps him connect to stuff that can hold his weight. One time he lost it and when he tried to swing he connected to something that couldnt and it broke. He is also really light weight
phreak gonnas play her as a jungle
D R U N K D R I V I N G R U N K D R I V I N G but yeah, its like all those old "well deadpool cant die, so i guess he wins" threads
technically, no. as in, technically no why would you think that, the man is a monster, whats wrong with you?
you dont always need to explain it, they could just be there and be mysterious. the more you explain, the more questions might arise from the explanation. but however this is just why i will avoid gods i my book. there will be a being that could be seen as a god, but that being will be very clear that there are no gods, since this dude has been around since life was created and he hasnt seen any gods at all.
lol, nice change as soon as you get negative response. "hurr durr i was only pretending to be stupid, ofcourse"
This is not what god intended
no its only you who thinks so
becasue you need a 50 inch flat screen to show a 50 inch 2 image, but you can get a mansized hologram from a 5 cm large holoemitter. yeah, you can do the same with a 2d projector, but if you are projecting why just not do it in 3d? and with a 2d projector you need something to project it into, which you dont need with a hologram its just easier
attack his rear lol. he just exposed his flanks. tho with the army of the dead it doubt that would matter.
its a mobile gun tower. elevation and Intimidation. hiding in trenches does nothing if the at-at can just fire down from above.
superman is way faster, so thanos will never hit him. however, thanos is way stronger and more durable, so superman cant harm him at all.
considering that luke is much heavier than the mountain, luke being the one yeeting is more likely. also considering that luke was unharmed after jumping from like the 7th floor, he could possibly survive a fall like that rather well, especially with his healing factor
&gt; the character would simply be revisiting them at one point or another and unable to magically squeeze more stuff out of them. yeah i mean, there is only that many ways you can throw hands, the human body is rather limited in that way
&gt; Oh, god, it's even worse in D&amp;D. Premade campaigns often have an 'urgent threat' that will sit around and wait for as long as the players need it to so they can do side events, craft magic items, etc. And of course, so they can travel at their own pace. thats why in my rpg campains if they dont go the big bad, the big bad might show up and and wreak shit. they can also just leave the country and ignore it, but then when they return they might return to a ruin. gotta make sure the bad guys are still doing their own thing
yeah, and then it hits the roof, explodes and he is doding the explosion. not the laser itself.
logically he should be able to do it, or atleast move behind something that could block the radiation. however, as far as i know he has never done that. however, if he were to move towards it he would quickly get weaker and become to slow to dodge it
Thor could probably fix it. However, he doesnt know how. He once tried, by dropping the biggest galcier of jontenheim in the artic, when he heard that the ice caps were melting. however, he also did it mostly to get a date with a girl that cared a lot about the ice caps.
have them one shot. you get one shot, then you need to reload a lot. could also have really heavy fantasy armour or sheilds that are bulletproof, so if you meet these in battle your weak guns wont work and you need to engage them with the weapon that is obivously better against armour, the sword! (or, yknow, hammers n shit that acutally works)
they are plasma bolts in a magnetic field. the difference between a [laser cannon](https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Laser) and a blaster is that in a laser cannon the gas is heated using a laser, and in a blaster someway else. prime example, the turbolaser is still just firing plasma.
stop trying to make tier lists for everything, we dont need them. again here, its so diverse that you cant really put them into tiers put them on /r/worldbuilding or something also &gt;Psionic channeler tier: Characters that have extremely high manipulation of how the mind works, and can generate massive psionic blasts with their brain or create an infinite number of illusions. Examples include Frieza and Jean Grey. ah yes, all the psionic mind powers that freiza is known for. like all those time he uses telephaty. (hint, telekinesis that freiza uses is not the same) ya tiers are not only unneeded, they are also bad
[shame](https://pics.me.me/your-attempts-at-humor-are-bad-and-you-should-feel-13991150.png)
&gt; one of the most powerful men in history note, [here](https://www.rover.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/hafthor-bjornsson-and-arnold-schwartzenegger.jpg) is arnold beside the mountain.
i mean, no nothing would be exactly like us. but its not like EVERY planet in the star wars galaxy only have a single biome. and the entire galaxy has had a long history of war. and there is literally thousands of religions in the galaxy. and then there is the question about how the holonet compares to the internet, which we dont know. (but hint, only 1 of them in galactic in scope) earth is a nice place and all, but in the grander scheme of things there isnt much special about it
that the church offical stance is that demons doesnt acutally exist, they are metaphors.
also wrong, he does what he does becasue he wanna help people, not becasue he has a leather fetish and rage issues
&gt; Bruce Wayne could hire more ex cons than batman could ever beat up and curb crime in Gotham faster than any other method. he does. he spends tons of charity, anti crime issues and other, and he does hire excons more than any other company.
&gt; I would love an explanation on how a 70lb armour suit isn't going to slow a man down? (Using your numbers of 250lbs and 180 lbs) a suit of armour weights 15-25 kilo. and you can [move really well i](https://youtu.be/q-bnM5SuQkI?t=157)n one, the weight is dispersed all over your body. this is a very common missconception, due to games
what bullshit is this? no one uses it like this. &gt;This applies here says who? if its batman vs a guy with a gun, and we give the guy with a gun a 1/10 chance to win if he shoots batman in the face, then thats obviously not deterministic. they arent using the system wrong, its you who just deicded to apply arbitrary rules too it lol
you are just bending semantics in order to ruin the fun here. why?
Im thinking of having it so that the experienced MC explains to someone else, someone who thinks them smart and asks "why didnt you just use magic to do X" and he then explains how magic works too them. internal monologoes or "what if" lines could also work. as in "i could just solve this by doing x with magic, but i wanna see if you can solve it without me". could also be done with the character bragging or threatening "i could bind this spell thread to your heart, then when i pull the thread in the right manner, your heart will mimic its movements and be dragged out of your throat", have him explain it to someone in order to make a point. you could also decribe to the reader what he does subconciusly. like, im an experienced gymnast, but i never think about what i do when i do stuff. however, if you wrote a book about me, you could explain how i move my arms, how i flex which muscles, how my hands hit the carpet etc, just so the reader understands.
Yeah, but if he can get into closer range using his sheild, he then has the advantage. When he gets close, he just need to drop his sheild and halfsword
Yeah, but at best unworthy thor had like irl Peak human strenght. Now, he does have 1500 years of battle experience that should even things out
even so, when you look at feats protoss are basically psyker space marines with power swords strapped to their hands, their feats are very similar. the concencuss when this fight comes up is that they are almost dead equal, but the protoss got the better gear for melee
SC marines are acutally also enchanced pretty much. not on the level of wh marines, but definitly above regular humans. i mean, have you see [raynor](https://images-wixmp-ed30a86b8c4ca887773594c2.wixmp.com/f/90e5ed0e-dc0c-48b5-b937-bffc0f26069c/d2vsnok-08efa819-f556-4872-b226-b0105e17ccad.jpg?token=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJzdWIiOiJ1cm46YXBwOjdlMGQxODg5ODIyNjQzNzNhNWYwZDQxNWVhMGQyNmUwIiwiaXNzIjoidXJuOmFwcDo3ZTBkMTg4OTgyMjY0MzczYTVmMGQ0MTVlYTBkMjZlMCIsIm9iaiI6W1t7InBhdGgiOiJcL2ZcLzkwZTVlZDBlLWRjMGMtNDhiNS1iOTM3LWJmZmMwZjI2MDY5Y1wvZDJ2c25vay0wOGVmYTgxOS1mNTU2LTQ4NzItYjIyNi1iMDEwNWUxN2NjYWQuanBnIn1dXSwiYXVkIjpbInVybjpzZXJ2aWNlOmZpbGUuZG93bmxvYWQiXX0.5HQ3ameqbXmNTNvlMBbIuMq4dsgR_VND62pYK5O-E88)? all he does is drink and moap yet he looks like he could benchpress a car
I mean, turians find humans and quarians attractive too. Garrus can romance both shepard and tali
I dont see what your point is here. The question was if captain america can use the armour. His feats are equal or superior to a spartan outside armour. Nothing you have said have been relevant to that discussion. You just seem to have a hang up on the Word Peak human (or that Cap is superhuman? I cant tell) and that isnt relevant here
The speedster would be forced to avoid those traps instead of going after the bad guy. Its the same stakes as a fight, either he wins, and avoid the traps, or he loses and gets immobalized, which is what would happen if he lost a fist fight too.
The solution to that is what they did in the jl movie, which also didnt work. That is, superman does actually solo a horde of them, while Batman struggles with a single one. The problem here is that Batman isnt being useful, since if one more attacked superman it wouldnt matter, would just prolong the fight with one second. The solution to THAT is if they guard something, and superman takes 99% and Batman takes the few that slips past
fun fact, i have him tagged as "Universal superman troll"
you get flack, but eating bugs could be the way to solve climate change. not like this tho, this is fucked up
those physical weapons could cut thor tho, not sure how Im would do against that
ego was talking to starlord, starlord doesnt know the asgardians exist. even so, they dont seem to be as literal divine as they are in the comics. here they just are a magical alien race that calls themselfs gods. we are in the mcu cosmology, not 616 cosmology
So far-right handed it becomes left
&gt; while Cap and IM are not Wonder Woman's equal. mjolnir cap and nano IM are definitly comparable to WW in all except speed.
the IG during secret wars only worked against doom becasue strange made sure that the part of battleword that belonged to the universe that IG came from became Doomstadth, precisly so it could be used against Doom. it could only be used inside that part of battleworld. also, even tho doom had all the powers of the beyonders, battleword wasnt in the beyond, it was still inside the multiverse, or rather, it was the only thing that existed inside the multiverse. now, there are other feats that could put the IG at multiversal power but not range but thats another debate i dont wanna have here. (becasue it doesnt reach any conclusion) as for true darkseid, he doesnt have a lot of feats, but the way he exists, above the multiverse, should imo be kinda enough to put him above universal. or rather, it should, but DC seems to forget that. that logic rarely seems to carry over to the monitors, who are like 2 steps above darkseid. (monitors are 6th dimensional, above 5d imps, who are above the new gods) so, yeah, while he should be multiversal due to his existence, seems dc forgot that
&gt; the help of the avengers would allow the rebelion to crush imperial forces since numbers doesnt matter to guys like thor or iron man [liberate them, making it an avengers world.](https://i.imgur.com/OKImS3l.png)
remember, jarnbjorn was made that powerful due to kangs time travel manipulations, so it wasnt orginally that powerful
tieflings thiefling thief rogue easy as that
No, sorry not that, but good song
vibraium would be easy, its not very unbreakable. adamantium can usually be manipulated by matter manipulators, but iirc it can resist stuff like desintigrator rays. if alchemy works by manipulating atomic bonds, it could probably manipulate adamantium
odin calls the realms universes several times in fear itself and recent thor series however, what rkt did was destroy the loom, and then yggdrasil was sucked into the hole that created.
Its totally possible 2023 asgardians made it. By this time they would know what it is and how to manipulate it. Remember, the last time the Only one who knew what it was was odin. Malekith who knew about it was able to manipulate it by thought alone. Also, they already had a way to store it safely at the end of thor 2 when they gave it to the collector
Stabbing him in the helicopter might have splashed blood on the controls
thats casue goku lowers his power level when relaxing, which lowers his durability. goku is activily making himself weaker, something he wont do in the middle of a battle with someone he considers strong and goku is only feeling discomfort when hit by someone of equal strenght, which is only logical. saitama just has not been hit by someone as strong as himself
&gt; There's no "best" way to wank [thats where you are wrong kiddo \(sfw\)](https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/strongest-ship-a-max-calc-star-destroyer-can-beat.317378/)
cap also has a sheild that can evidently hurt almost anyone.
i think his point is that for the casual fan, they wouldnt know any of these. when a casual fan thinks of marvel, they do think of those diverse teams, the FF, xmen, avengers. as for dc, they think of the JL, and the suicide squad and maybe teen titans, becasue those are the only ones who get any popular tv shows. if you were to ask a random normie about the legion of superheros or the justice society they would think you were mispronucing the justice league.
&gt;Those busters blew some of his scutes off and they were completely healed seconds later. i gotta rewatch that, becasue i dont remember it healing at all
godzilla earth could probably tank both the mac and the torpedoes, its energy sheild is rather insane. however, i highly doubt it would do that well against the death star, and everything has a limit godzilla goes to hell did destroy a planet, but i do think that that killed him
I dont know how to properly explain this in any other way, but #THATS THE WHOLE GOD DAMN POINT OF HIS CHARACTER YOU WALNUT &gt;My beef with Sentry is that we expected to be believe that he is somehow the greatest hero in Marvel. Yet he is on panel shown to be one of the unheroic characters in Marvel. yes you now understand the point of his character. he is said to have been one of the greatest, but in reality he is just a fucking lunatic drug addicted madman. They go out of their way to show what a fucking horrorstory he is, and that most likely all those great things he did probably wasnt totally true. &gt;He is mentally unstable, gullible, and he is always tricked manipulated by somebody else. yes those are his flaws. which makes it so he isnt a gary stu. clearly shows that you dont know what that word means. &gt;He has been used as literally super weapon to kill anything in his path that is quite literally why tony chose him for his avengers team. &gt;Power Level wise the guy ruins the suspense of any Villain story, and squashes everything in his path. ... congratulations, once again you understood the point of his character. he is a gamebreaking character. &gt;It's virtually impossible to create a villain that can give Avengers a rough time as long as Sentry exists. I cant belieave that this needs to be said, but #SENTRY IS THE VILLIAN. all of dark avengers and siege just builds up the void as the main villian. how you can avoid seeing that is breahtaking. &gt;He is not even Marvel's Superman, He is Marvel's Superboy Prime he isnt a superman ripoff, [he is a miracle man ripoff.](https://www.reddit.com/r/respectthreads/comments/2yc4nb/the_complete_sentry_respect_thread/cp84ssz/) &gt;But I can't stand retconing the entire Marvel universe and pretending he is the greatest hero ever. It's unbearable. he has already mindwhiped the population of earth twice, we dont even know how much of that is true. he flat out says that he can [change the history books,](http://i.imgur.com/mhClR2p.jpg) its 100% possible that he has already done that, espeically considering all we know of his past ____________________________________________ All in all, you are so wrong is hurtful. he isnt a power fantasy or self insert or anything, **he is a horror story** about the wrong man getting all the power in the world. its clear you have not read a single sentry comic, becasue this is abudantly clear every time he appears on page. the feeling of dread is there all the time. almost everyone either hates or fears him due to his madness and power. 0/10, shit tier rant. &gt;Sentry-Fallen Sun ya its pretty bad.
after reading multiversity, im pretty sure that mar novu became mandrakk, in a way. Mar Novu divides himself into the monitor race, and the very first of these divides was Dax Novu who became mandrakk.
There was already a number of powerful women around, like the luthor mother, and then when supergirl appears, more women feel empowered to go on a super rampage. its inspiring, really
yeah there are even unicorns that rather die than fight, which is why they are so easy to kill and why its such a sin to do so
[slayer doing a thanos](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/371/524/9b9.jpg)
The elves were also afraid of arrows so there is that
"You are a credit to your gender"
the ring seems to work on ambition, and the less ambition you have the more resistant you are. which is why powerful dudes with tons of willpower like boromis or gandalf or isilidur fall quickly to the ring, while lame weak dudes like hobbits are so resistant, becasue they dont wanna do much more than just chill at home. which is also why bombadil was immue to it, he had absolutly 0 ambition and the ring had no grip on him at all. basically, the more zen you are the less the ring can effect you. someone like a green lantern, while they have more will than you, has a rather hefty case of ambition, policing the entire galaxy and all.
&gt;A lot of people that worked their asses off are sort of getting screwed. better than future people getting screwed. like legalising weed and forgiving prisoners. yeah, that dude that has been in jail for 40 years is probably mad for getting screwed, but i doubt he is gonna be mad when they leagalise it so others dont has too, and he might be reliased one year early
In the og timeline, humans just created skynet on their own. In this timeline, Kyle isnt Johns father either, it was just some random. This all then expanded into a time war after the first movie, where more and more humans are sent back to stop skynet from happenings and save key people, and skynet is sending back more and more terminators to bootstrap itself and kill key resistence people. At this point there is like 10 different timelines colliding in the past
if its one on one, the spear becomes even better.
this is a easier step to take tho
Huh til. My Only knowledge of him is mutliversity where he survives decaptiation and says somethibg like "ya cant kill a toon" something like that, Will try and get a scan
[Better music and sounds.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CharacterRant/comments/buxd0d/the_captain_marvel_movie_is_really_boring_and_i/) Have Bree act with a little more emotion. Thats about all that really needs fixing, imo. The story is fine, most of the dialoge is decent, could use a touch up, the action rather cool and fun etc. It just lacks emotion and impact. Also, its rare to see someone asking for *more* feminist stuff in the movie. props to you
the shit strange pulled in IW and engame, he is definitly top tier in terms of power. both in firepower and hax
His son who has the same powers died rather permamently from it
Thanos also has armour, and with his massive size he can take a few spears before going down. Those chitauri trolls and leviathans Will win easily
Could be you have it irl which makes it a hassle to write up or take a pictures of
Send a superhuman after him. He is just a man. Prime example, daken, wolverines son, flat out hunted down and killed castle easily
its real lightning, and no, he can summon it everywhere, since its divine magic. He has summoned it indoors, from a clear sky, and even in the vaccume of space. [he can also make it rain fire](https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-22c616fd2bbfa13a37411dc866785a65)
same as all lightning, just created with divine magic
he doesnt even have a helmet after the thanos fight, he must have remade the suit into that. it could potentially be the entire suit in that helmet
&gt;Well, in most WWW encounters I don't see Yakone used anyways. yeah, but isnt amon explicitly said to be more powerful than his father? so you could scale to Yakone
people generally dont like suicide. also, people generally like to hope that their actions can change something
his weapon can only do that if he can connect it to the bifrost and leave it on for 5 minutes. not exactly something he cna do here. saying it can destroy planets is misleading
&gt;Heimdall taking down that cloaked Dark Elf Ship by himself all he did was jump on it and stab it with his knifes. gamora could easily do that if she had asgardian blades
protip for links, put make them [like](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) this you make them this way &gt;[linktext here](link here) &gt;\[like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
yeah, but the characters are totally different, so they act out the similar premise in totally different ways. new take on the old idea. &gt;The Last Jedi was more original comparison, but it still borrowed the rebel fleet at the brink of destruction pursued by the Imperials from Empire i mean, thats literally just the middle act low point that all trilogies has
becasue he knew that it would be fucking rad
That, and no one has ever invested in acutal point defence weapons, ever. So fighters and bombers can attack uncontested
We see several times that they hit him on unprotected skin using all their melee weapons, and it doesnt do shit. Draxs knifes, strange magic sword, iron mans blades, none of them can cut his skin.
its said in the 4th movie that he did participate in a few secret missions during the war.
Palpatine wanted it
dr doom is a bad example, since all of secret wars was basically a redemtion arc for him he should stay good
as for WW, why wouldnt frying her brain work? or do you mean her internal durability is just too high? cause that was considerd a viable tactic on thanos, and it did hurt him at the start (tho there are arguments he was weakend at the time) as for mm, i dont think he needs that high telepahty feats, just any telepahty feats should do it.
Yeah, but do you wanna be The one who tells The little kid that his final sight on The mortal plane is failure? Dibs not it
No they are spreading russian astroturfing talking points
almost anything he learned during the time war is shit that shouldnt be spread to anyone else
in ep2 we see that when they sit properly in the pilot chair, [they are almost lying down.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Fzwqjnw4ic)
there is a song by one of my favorite artists, called "the escape from sweden", and its about a family that escapes from sweden when the war comes here. and i can almost never stomach to listen to it, becasue its so damn heartbreaking. really highlights the horrors of wars in ways i had never thought of before, and it scares me a little to much, and its so sad it makes me cry.
i think power swords could probably cut them, all their ranged weapon will just bounce off, but powers cut hela good. except captain marvel tho, her durability is off the charts.
i agree that power weapons could cut thor, but i dont think melta guns could do that. argue the star feat as you want, i'd consider that above melta guns. thor has a some mad heat resistence.
&gt; The strongest nuclear bombs, at their core, get as hot as the surface of a star... at the core of the blast. You see what the heatwave does in the third ring. wtf, i have seen this several times on ww this last week, and this is just false. firstly, the surfice of the sun is just 5000 degrees hot. (C) a lighting bolt is 30 000 degrees. a nuke is closer to 100 million degrees. thats comparable to the core of the sun. aka, "heat of a star" could mean anything to the 5000 c of the surfice, to the several million of the corona, to the 100 million of the core. this is an example of you not knowing what the fuck you're talking about.
you just need to kill the majority of humanity, and chaos will starve. it was the cabals plan for humanity after all. when the nids come, you can just continue to fire the rings tho. but yeah, necrons and dark eldar will be a problem
&gt;With his mastery of time manipulation including reversing time he can just unwind the effects and the casting, and drop them into the mirror dimension. Strange needs to activate the timestone, which takes time. Which is how maw beat him, he tied up his hands then chocked him out. This directly proves that if you attack his person directly, he can be taken out of comission before he can stop you. If someone put his blood on fire, he would not be able to activate the time stone, as he would be too busy dying screaming in extreme pain. Biomancy would be a extreme counter to strange. But yeah, its a matter of numbers. One of those librarians needs to be close enough to strange to attack, and he needs to know biomancy. &gt;Malcador in a WWW situation would lose to street level fighters as he has no feats to support the authors claims. implied power and scaling is allowed. we know that he is stronger than most other psykers, so you can scale from that. for example, thats how we know buu is stronger then cell, for example.
Uh, they didnt? It was a standard cycle, they always takes several years to finish. The Protheans empire was so big that it just took longer than most. And i dont think they killed any reaper that cycle. if you are talking about the hidden stasis chambers, remember that the propheans went to very *great* lenght to hide them. Most of them was probably found anyway, since so very little of a literal galaxy spanning empire remains
im pretty sure odin has not had the odin force since his latest ressurection, so beating him up is just like beating up any other s-tier.
Well, that was anakins entire goal to save padme. I took it as them being so strong in the force that they could manipulate midiclorians to heal people. Not quite as far as plageuis, but close enough
Becasue sword fighting isnt about power levels. its about oppertunity, skill, physicals, luck and misstakes, enviroments, mental state of mind, and a lot of other factors. their different fighting styles makes then good against differnt opponents too
humanoid just mean human-ish, two legs, two arms, one head, standing upright. gorillas are humanoids too. and that sword is not a good sword
hope his master will forgive him
saw atleast 3 of the sword youtubers i follow put up videos about that today, debunking his claims lol
yeah, that should work. but still, that would require you to scan someone when you need it, so you cant have several soldiers prepared and ready. iirc, the pattern quickly degrades, due to quantom stuff being complicated, which is why they have a time limit when people get stuck in the teleporter
Why are you such an ass? So The difference is that AU could be fan fiction in other media, like animation and stuff? What a asnine semantic hill to die on
this is like the worst comment i have seen today this is just another take on the "superman is overpowered" debacle lol, which itself is also stupid
&gt; while the Jedi taught to suppress their emotions and ignore the problem this some /r/EmpireDidNothingWrong shit. they are tought to control their emotions, not supress them. its literallay never said in all 9 movies that they should supress their emotions. &gt;you’d think healthy emotional managment would be high priority literally the jedi lol.
&gt;People should never be expected to know anything about popular works. Especially if they’ve been around a long time. Classical literature like Dracula and the Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde also often fall victim to this. On the other hand, thank fucking christ we didnt need to see uncle ben die again in the mcu. Similarly, if i never see batmans parents get shot again it will be too soon. I also thought this about the netflix dracula when i watched the first episode, i was afraid that it would have nothing to set it apart, and it would just be another dracula adaptation, straight from the book. Like why would i wanna watch the same story again? I was pleasently suprised when it added some of its own things
True, straight from the movie then. but the first part of the first episode was like every dracula story ever, was so overly done i almost gave up on it
instead of thousands of thought bubbles, he can now quip and talk to his AI
Nope
The reson namek took so long time was becaue he held back and it only destroyed the core. he didnt do that with planet vegeta, that planets destruction happen real fast.
It was probably cars they do have wheels you know. they do have vehicles that have wheels. you can push vehicles that has wheels
He just hates batman, iirc he has made several threads on it
tell that to vision
r1: the spartans are badass, but they lack ranged weapon, and are not suited for fighting on a wall. their best chance is to retreat to the choke ponts and just hold, where they would probably be able to hold to sunrise. r2 is a easy stomp, the only one who can be hurt by the urukhai is rocket, mantis, yondu and quill, the others should be too durable for that. and yondo could probably honestly solo. r3, easy stomp for the jedi. dodge the arrows, then just mow down every urukahai with lightsavers. a few jedi could hold the wall, just run back and forth and cut apart ladders with the lightsabers. r4, they might acutally lose this. they are badasses and strong, but they are just 7 people, and punching out 10 000 opponets in plate armour will be hard. evenutally they will tire, and or some uruk will get past them, or they will make a misstake and fail. i dont even think they are enough of them to hold every chokepoint. its possible, but unlikely. dont know naruto
the other way acutally, the Lt was able to totally shut down the IG.
i mean, obivously you dont make a absolute stomp just to go in to the thread repeating that stomp. like, i **obviusly** dont advocate to make a Living triburnal vs batman thread then just going into the comments going "LT stomps, gg batman wankers". becasue thats bad faith, and against the rules. but an example, i made a sentry vs superman thread. i was totally sure that sentry would stomp, and i argued that in the comments. however, i partly wanted to see what others thought, and i partly wanted to convince them. i also thought that it would be a fun fight and a fun thread, so i made that thread, and i participated in the fun. it seems what you and OP have an issue with is more people acting in bad faith and making deliborate stomps rather than the OP arguing in their own thread. as long as its not in bad faith, i think it should be encuraged.
She did try to crush him, and it did seem like she tried to pick up his sword to cut him with too. Thanos prevented being crushed by being too durable
[TLDR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MeVxKZBOfM)
all the skill in the world wouldnt matter if you are 10 000 times faster than someone. the only explonation is that barry is fucking stupid
Ftl bullet tbh
[Suprised no one has linked this yet](https://youtu.be/uc6QxD2_yQw)
assuming we dont just put legs on it, or change it into something else, like an airship? well, we can make really fucking large tanks. like, *real* fucking large. and add jump packs, if there is one thing starcraft thaught me is that you need tanks that can jump.
i fucking hate these bastards
atleast two balrogs died on screen, and that was after the recton. gothmog the leader of the balrogs died fighting Ecthelion, and Glorfindel also killed a balrog.
Remember, for every t800 that we see win against superior foes, we see 5 or ten killed. Its just the most numerus,so it stands out
Becasue The galactic war wasnt every where in The galaxy at once. Only a few planets were under siege at any one time, and on those planets it was only fighting at select key locations. And usually, if you alone have a star ship in orbit, you have already won. Not to mention,the clones, unlike The droids, doesnt need to be every where. They arent occupying planets, they are mostly defending or liberating them. So when a battle is done, they can just leave and redeploy else where needed
What makes goku and Vegeta so strong right now is that they are using God ki, which sayians evidently can use. It has never been shown that humans or any other race for that matter can get god ki, so while they might get just as good at fighting as goku and vegeta by training wiht whis, they wont get as strong. However, android 17 almost managed to catch up to goku on his own, so if the androids trained with whis they might be able to catch up, seeing how one of them already did on their own. Similarly, the half sayains might be able to get god ki, and seeing how trunks and gohan did almost already catch up on their own too, they might be even stronger than their parents when doing so. And its my theory that future trunks has already unlocked some god ki, which is why his super sayian rage transformation looks susipicly similar to ssb.
android 17 almost caught up with goku by training on his own, we do not how far he can go, but the androids could possibly catch up
considering what profound impact this galaxy has had on the chaos gods, its very reasonble to assume that its only our galaxy that matters. they were born, brought to their current power and basically substained by this galaxy alone. also, the cabal is very certain that the chaos gods stands or falls on the human race alone right now, so that points even more to that its only our galaxy that matters.
it could be very well that the *warp* exists everywhere, and what eldrad means is that since the eldar are still connected to the warp, anywhere they go they would still be at risk. However, since warp connections in life inthe galaxy comes from the old ones creating it and its not a natural thing that humans or eldar evolved, its possible that the races of the galaxy is the only ones that the warp gods *can* feed off, becasue we are the only one the old ones gave a warp connection
characters like Jeoffrey are fun to see because you are waiting for the satisfaction to finally see them get their comeuppence and finally lose. For example, peoples favorite moments with Jeoffrey is him getting slapped by tyrion, talked down to by Tywin, or his death. Becasue there was a sense of justice or revenge in those, a terrible human being getting what the audience feels like they deserve
adamantium: heavy, poision to humans, but the most durable one vibranium: least durable, but absorbs kinetic energy. could take a punch from hulk, but can also easily be ripped apart. uru: very durable, but not indistructable as adamantium is. however, it absorbs enchantmen and magic really well, so you could get a magic wolverine
Sauron should just have bribed a Rohan horseman to charge the unbreakable gate and crush it underhoof.
here are a f[ew qoutes from different](https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/doctor-who-feats-and-source-thread.298198/#post-14443319) sources, its mentioned that they replaced magic with logic and reason. one can basically thank the time lords for the proper laws of physics. hell, with the web of time they basically invented casuality.
Well, seeing how fire is one of the symboites weaknesses, i'd say no. Even if ghost rider turns that off, its still a skeleton with no brain for the symbiot to interface with, seeing how its just a magical demon, so if it were to try it would be like piloting a skeleton around, and it would be a strenght contest between the demon and the symbiot who decides where to go. However, the ghost rider spirit can inhibit a symbiote. becasue of its magical nature, it can infect a symbiot that has a host, and it wont be harmed by the fire. So, if you wanna mix them, you need to get the symbiote first, and *then* the ghost rider.
yeah, isnt that own by the same company that owns warnerbros?
&gt; The prison reform bill passed because Kanye prostrated himself to trump. this is the first ive heard of this? kayne acutally had a impact on politics?
yo this is fucking mad
&gt; If you count the DBZ movies then Beerus, Whis, Goku, Vegeta and Frieza are universal they never acutually get the universal feat in the BoG movie, do they? iirc, that is only in super, in the movie its totally arbitary how strong ssg is
&gt; Luckily Vader has plenty of material in canon and Legends alike that point to him being extraordinarily fast. i have seen all of clone wars, most of rebels, and read plenty of comics. i cant mention a single feat that displays clear superhuman speed, even less supersonic
Zod wanted revenge on Jor-el, by killing his son and the people he lived with
&gt; Think like RPG, every race has different natural skills. no, you shouldnt think a serious piece of work as a rpg. a rpg isnt representitive of real life, its a freaking game. hobbits are a subrace of men, that had hardly been seen since they are few and rarely hidden away
"MASKS ON" *kicks door* only qoute needs remembering
and clearly no jokes are allowed in real life
...[that video had a lot more tits than i expected](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXnJqYwebF8)
then you need to build one weapon for the droid and one weapon for the human. yes, quite possible in our modern age, but when you are gonna build a weapon of billions, the more adaptable the droid is, the better. tldr, its cheaper. but yes, your way is obviusly better, you should know that. the rest of us are just justifying why its hardly ever done in a watsonian way. and most likely, its just a cost thing. if you have made all these weapons, and you arent gonna use your droids anymore, you can just pick up all their weapons and sell them to regular people. cant do that if the weapons are stuck in the robots arms
thats what they said about the octarius war. and that was a bad idea
Honestly, i think that the only team who would fail is team one, and thats only becasue of vader and palpatine who could probably defeat them with force attacks. even then, warmachine can probably just absorb their lighting and then shoot them. in all of these, stormtroopers are irrelevant, only vader and plapatine stands in the way of the win here. force lighting wont stop the hulk, and two nano armours will make short work of vader, and palpatine too since they would need to focus on the hulk. team three can just nosell anything the sith can throw at them, team four can block or avoid it easily too. team five antman and wasp can just sneak attack them, and strange can just teleport to the core and destroy that. honestly, every team *can* win here.
strange could just teleport to the core and destroy it directly
&gt; As for Disney Canon turbolasers being weaker, I think we still have no actual numbers, and people like to take that one insanely weak Rebels showing as proof despite it being a massive outlier (and explained in-universe by it being their weaker weapons, as they wanted them taken alive + losing a lot of power in atmosphere). well, we still have onscreen showings from 11 movies and 6 seasons of clone wars where they are still garbage. a turbolaser is definitly below a moab for example, by all onscreen showings. if you wanna argue for turbolasers being even close to legends, even if you ignore that single instance in rebels, you then also need to ignore literally all canon visual star wars media that isnt a comic book. which is a bit of a stretch, wouldnt you say? as for base delta zero, we have not seen it happen in canon as far as i know, nor have i seen any direct numbers as how fast it goes, how far it goes and how many ships it takes. even then, turbolasers fire damn fast, and as you say, there is 60 of them on a single ship. thats around 3600 shots per minute, that alone could devistate a lot on its own, even with garbage power levels. as for hyperspace time, in the new canon it seems that they can zip around the galaxy within a day, so it seems even faster now. i wouldnt hesitate to put a star destroyer at close to 100 000 lightyears per day.
Isnt all eldar tech just wraithbone tho? As far as I know, they dont really have gears or microchips or elecricity, just magical rocks. Isnt much to reverse engineer there, atleast The reapers were mechanical
Yeah, this is now a pasta
becasue as wong said, time is fragile. use the time stone wrong, and you might fuck up the universe. it took thanos having the infinity stones for it to be worth that risk
If you can solve the nature vs nurture debate in this thread here, then i applaud you
So, are you arguing for slow bullets? The reason is this. Its the amout of assumtions we must make, and then we just use occams razor. We always assume that things move in real life speed unless stated or shown, and we assume things work like they do in real life unless proved otherwise. Guns and bullets we assume that they work like real life, so its just one assumtion. However, to assume that Avatars lightning is actullay as fast as regular lighting, well that must mean that zoku can react to real lightning, which is really fucking fast. But then that must also mean that the people he is fighting is also that fast, since he never appears as a blur to people, and he can be suprised by other fighters. continue that line of thought, and suddenly every single person in avatar is suddenly moving at mach 90 at all time. that doesnt make much sense, does it? just easier to assume that his lightning is slow, it makes more sense. For blaster bolts, well we have nothing to compare to real life here, so we just take what we are shown. and they are consistently shown to be slow as balls. if they *acutally* were meant to be superfast, you know damn well that someone would say that. But no one has ever done that. Ergo, they are as slow as we are shown. I mean, it would be weird to make a war movie, and then make everything except the bullets go at normal speed. Why would you make a movie and make the bullets much slower than they are supposed to be? doesnt make sense
goku has like a single win over a big bad in super, and not that many more in dbz
a good chunk of america wants to be part of that tv show
well they dont. its just where they happens to be. the only god thats acutally fixated on humans are nylantropeth, and since he is a god he could possibly be doing this on countless other planets. he can teleport and possibly be at several places at once. yog-sothoth exists literally everywhere and what he does with humans he does elsewhere too. the only special thing with earth is that cthulhu happens to currently be here, and he was only passing by and only staged to wage war against the elder things and then he got trapped. several aliens races who colonized earth as just another planet they own, and then they made war with each other before humans popped up. the mi-go probably visit other worlds as well. so earth isnt special, its just another world for these creatures. it just seems to special to us, becasue we arent used to it, but for them its just another thuseday.
the computer simulates the sounds, to ease in battle. humans are very good at interpritating 3d sounds. so instead of just hearing the computer go "plasma shot by starboards bow, missed by 2.41 meters" and repeat that over and over, you just hear shots of the enemy whine past your right hear, and you can hear how close it is. its a much faster way for the computer to tell you important information
literally cell with a new hat and pants
when did buu gain the cell face?
yeah but i mean...besides that...
we dont know, and it seems mostly that it was cthulhus star spawn that did the fighting, not big C himself. we are just told that it happend, and the elder things were losing iirc
nah he powers it. atleast before he got smacked by horus and was at full power, the astronomicon was all on him. not only that, he did it from anywhere in the galaxy he was when he was out crusading it was only after his big boo boos that he needs the psykers to power it.
it kinda happend when skrulls copied his power. or rather, it was the lack of cancer that killed them. they only copied his healing factor and not his cancer, and they overhealed and grew so fast they exploded and died, becasue they didnt have the cancer to hold it back
he probably wasnt granted body priviliges. so he probably couldnt go to kai. not sure about hell tho, he should have gone there, tho its possible we just didnt see him becasue they simply didnt look
If something like that incredible existed, laws be damned, any goverment would do anything they can to get their hands on it. Not only is it a matter of national security not being controlled, it would increase their power in the world. If the mcguffin is powerful enough, it would elevate any country to a global superpower
yeah i agree, the only older movie i have been able to watch is final wars, and that movie is absolutly bonkers from start to finish. flying boats with giant drills at the front that shoot lasers, almost every single godzilla monster, fucking aliens and so much kung fu its insane
well, evidently, on the level system telepahty goes before their higher powers. and the gravemind was using the halo rings own teleportation system in the games.
and his innability to get jokes played a large part
Is he really that outclassed by them tho? We have really only seem him in a handfull of figths, so its hard to say. He did better against ultron than anyone, Thor included. Remember, ultron made thor bleed and had him on his knees. We dont know how strong Corvus Glaive was, and that fight vision was damaged. also, vision has the mind stone, which might not lend itself to direct combat. the stones does not all have the same powers. for example, hawkeye didnt exactly seem ready to throw cars around when he held the soul stone. scarlett witch and CM was given superpowers due to the energy of the stones, but they arent using the stones like vision is.
Well he lived in moria, not exactly many five star resturants around. he only ate goblins when he couldnt find any fish. lembas bread is only made by the elves, so he had to go there to get it. not to mention, since its made by the elves, its almost magical, and it hurts gollum to even touch it. remember when frodo bound him with elven rope? it burned his skin the entire time. he cant eat it.
the burden of proof is on you that they accilirate beyond leaving the hands, yes. becasue you made that claim. they are energy beams that shoot out from their hands, its very possible that they go just as fast the first 5 meters as the last 2 million kms. you made the claim that they didnt, so the burden of proof is on you. you cant shift the burden over to him lol
i would guess its atleast tens of kms. forrunner buildings you see on the ground there arent exactly small, and neither are their ships hanging in the air there. and the 5 km long infinity had no problem fitting inside that sheild, so i'd say between 10-100 kms
well, a prideful person with a gun could also fall into the problem of everything being a nail when you have a gun. "oh, so you have a problem? me and my wonderful gun can solve this problem for you." they might become too ingrained in thinking that the only solution to every problem is their wonderful gun. so someone being prideful about their force powers might lead to overly using them, and begingin to use the force in instances where a jedi should not. someone disagrees with you? just mind control them etc
probably a mix between destorying their natural habitats, lack of prey for such a massive apex predator, low starting numbers, and a extinction campaign by the local population. if you had a race of kaijus on your planet, when you reach the civilization stage, one of your first actions would be exterminating all kaijus
that would be admitting that the virus is a threat, which donald cant do
ghost rider was also brought back to life, the demon revived him when he accepted its power. im pretty sure we have seen atleast one other come back, but i dont remember when.
you keep your elite bodyguards close to you, not far away where they might be assasinated. their lack of numbers also mean that those 10 men wont be of much use on the outer walls, but very valuble standing guard in the last hallway before your throne, where they acutally can cover the entire area
You are aware that "he is afraid of bats and wanted criminals to share his fear" and "he saw a bat and saw it as a omen" are literally The answer in several continues. Doesnt matter If you think Its weak writing, Its literally The factual correct answer. Again, branding doesnt need to be logical,it just needs to work. And it works
