Charles is so useless.
Honestly when Ethan is on the bench we should just let Trice jack 3s the whole time. No movement.
Davison playing very well.
Not a bad first half. WKU doing some things very well.
Not ideal.
4 point play!
Happ is forcing.
I'm not liking this give them wide open looks strat
Take this shit over, Brad!
Just awful defense
We would not drop out. Still a great resume.
Uhh, foul?
More terrible defense.
GG
Terrible defense. GG.
It was very bad, but we would have lost regardless. Very poor defensive showing and shot selection from Happ.
Deserved to be in...the ESPN power rankings? No, most people probably wouldn't care.
NC State and salt have ways gone side by side
I would put OSU in a tier with UW, IU, Nebraska, and Purdue. Purdue's record is worse than their talent level and they will compete. The Michigan schools are in their own tier. One of the schools in that second tier will compete for the title and could win it.
GGGGGG
It's very Trout like. Someone posted a side-by-side before he got called up and it was strikingly similar.
Love the Moose.
Yeah they both had to be better this inning.
Unlucky bloop there.
This is not very cool.
Arcia should be proud of his progress at the plate. Dude has been totally respectable this season and above average for a while now. Good work.
I fucking LOVE Christian Yelich.
No.
Keston go ahead dong.
It wasn't go ahead but it was close!
Brewers' management: "We've got to send you down to make room for Shaw" Keston the last two games: "Your move"
Please no.
Yelich must be fine if he's stealing. Thank god.
Keston posting an above .900 OPS and he's only going to get more comfortable. He should be our everyday 2B until he proves he doesn't deserve it, and he does deserve it. Yes there are some defensive headaches, but it will improve. The bat finds the lineup.
GOOD FUCKING STUFF.
Houser is really doing everything he can to stick with the big league team. He picked Bell apart there.
I really like 2019 Arcia a lot.
If his goal has been to be this year's Claybob then he's done well.
Shinsekai Yori has the best world building I've ever seen.
I'm so excited for him. I hope it goes well.
We need him. I really hope this works out for him and I'm so happy for him that he gets a chance.
Arcia has one of the hottest bats in baseball which feels so wrong to say but so right to see.
Bottom of the order. Totally acceptable and most teams wouldn't do better.
Well this is just fantastic.
Not soon enough.
That was on Davies.
I just personally find him obnoxious to listen to. It's a combination of a lot of little nitpicky things but it's enough to irritate me a little.
Alright, Eric. I see you.
Hiura has hit a couple stingers that just haven't found gaps. Seeing the ball well.
*Ominous noises*
Great series win. Let's keep the mojo rolling against the fish.
I'm so fucking irritated.
In a tight race even 10 days of having a worse player on the roster can break the season. I hope they have some bigger picture plan.
RBIs is a pretty useless stat and you shouldn't gauge a player's performance on that.
I think most fans don't like the way lots of young players are tossed around when they are ready to move up regardless of fandom.
Can we just surrender and rest for tomorrow?
The baseball gods punishing sending down Keston no doubt.
We don't clear the pitcher because of that. Yucky.
Well fuck us. It's all because we sent down Keston.
Moose deserves to be an all star.
We are on Madbum's NTC but so is basically every contender. He is just using it for leverage and it doesn't actually mean anything.
&lt;3
Aguilar sheds another tear.
That'll do, Yeli.
Thank you for resigning moose.
Blue Moon looked so happy in that interview. Contagious smile.
It absolutely is and there's no clean fix really.
Give the ball to Woody in a theoretical wild card game.
We're literally ending this dude's career.
Moose is not going to be cheap to keep around. What a start to the season.
Woody and Zach have been stellar consistency in a wild starting rotation. Couldn't be more thankful for the work they've put in.
What even is Moose right now?
Or Keston in the lineup.
Someday we will stop treating young players like cattle with service time manipulation. Maybe. Something has to change for that to happen though.
Fifty.
Damn, Yeli looked at two balls down the pipe.
This guy just throws fastballs over the middle for strikes. Second time through he's going to get rocked.
Well, Rock. It wasn't a strike. I'm all for bitching about umps but that was a good call.
Chase really can throw some garbage pitches.
At least it's not overly hot out today.
I think Yelich might lead off more innings than Cain.
5 game win streak has a nice ring to it.
This lineup is so good.
This lineup top to bottom would look absolutely terrifying with Keston in it. It would compete with anyone.
I want to know how many times he's lead off an inning. Feels like more than Lo.
I really don't like having Peralta in the rotation. He just isn't ready for that. Not because of this outing, just in general.
What the fuck is Christian Yelich.
Pull him before the game gets out of reach.
It will be very interesting to see what we do about our rotation at the break. You'd have to assume it looks very different in August.
Travis Shaw is batting .158 since getting called back up. I think it'd be wise to keep sticking him in the lineup when it seems like the kind of season that will come down to the final weekend. EDIT: Actually it's a blistering .214, my mistake.
New strategy this game should be to not have Yelich leading off innings and also have someone on for him.
Good fucking shit, Orlando and Gamel. Really good shit.
Let's get up by a ton so if Yelich hits a double he can push for 3B just because.
Shitty luck. At least we got one.
This just makes me more sad that Corbin hasn't figured it out. Corbin has the stuff to be a starter and just can't find it.
Can't complain about that one. Fuck.
A salary cap, while by no means perfect, certainly helps.
Well that was a plot twist.
I really wish we had good pitching. This offense is so fun to watch.
Can Jesus do it?
I think this is the first time our booth has addressed the obvious point that if Aggy doesn't pick it up soon he's going to be gone.
Our OPS is .593 with the bases loaded. Well that was before this game.
I hope he tries to leg out a routine single.
I'll have you know that his wRC+ is only second worst in the NL among people with at least 100 PAs. Coincidentally, Shaw also has the second to worst wRC+ among 3B.
That's the power play.
For the love of god if Thames gets on please PH Braun for Aggy.
Offense: Good Pitching: Bad Let's see how our best pitcher fares against this lineup, will be a nice test for him.
I love Zach, but give me Woody in a winner take all scenario.
:D
Please be fine.
ESPN complimenting Yelich's smile. Maybe they aren't so bad.
Thanks!
Weren't going to hold them down forever. Just limit the damage to one here.
Cries in Aguilar.
Great job, JJ.
So, Hader doesn't have it. Hope he can work his way through this inning.
I hate when a pick off leads to a stolen base. Fuck.
Wow that last angle makes him look out. I thought he was for sure safe.
This game though.
Nicely done!
People need /s slapped in their face even though it ruins the joke.
How much of Cain's struggles this season do we think is age related regression?
JESUS CHRIST THAT SOUNDED SO BEAUTIFUL.
If Moose isn't in the ASG the game is an even bigger joke than it already is.
Did your broadcast not show the definitive angle where he was easily out? It wasn't even close once they got the right angle.
Cubs fans have largely been complaining in their sub about how lucky our schedule has been this year too.
I like this Hovland guy already. I hope he does well.
You're not wrong, but it's still nice to see a couple good swings to start.
Damn, I thought that was in off the putter face. Still an encouraging start.
It is when you're putting up the numbers he is. It's all relative. Will he go through something colder than that over that long of a period? Maybe. But it has been a comparatively cold stretch. Also that sample is for all of May which he was hot for part of.
So now that they switched off of FS1 we can't stream the main coverage? Lame.
I love Ohtani. I hope he can become a dominant pitcher as well. Most interesting player in the game right now.
Wouldn't be surprised if he fails to get it going over this stretch if the DFA is imminent. Depends on when we are done service time manipulating Keston I guess.
Another nice shot in for a good look. Gotta start rolling a few in.
Fucking hell, Tiger.
Let's keep unfairly manipulating a young star of the org rather than putting him on the team and letting him help us chase a first place finish in the central.
There's a reason he has been a career roster fodder player. I love Aggy, but he was probably playing well above his head. I will forever be grateful for his part in an amazing season last year and I'm glad he was able to strike gold for a period in his career, but I think the DFA news is on the horizon. Is Aggy better than what he's showing us right now? Of course he is. But he's not the player he was before the break last year and we don't have time to figure out if he can be that player ever again.
I'm so glad we have Yaz.
A lot.
I love Hernan so much. Most underrated player in baseball.
MVP chants on the road always make me happy, even if it's just a couple people.
I'm fully on the Corbin will be good train but let's not pretend like that slider wasn't just begging to be ripped.
Or sometimes hitters miss meatballs.
Wonder what kind of haul he'd demand.
I do know that, I'm basically a Corbin cheerleader and the player on the team I most want to see succeed. I guarantee you a spinner down the heart of the plate with 2 strikes isn't what he was going for.
I think this is the writing on the wall. He will be up soon.
Moose is ridiculous.
This experiment is working out well. Expect Keston soon and less PT for both Shaw and Aggy?
Yaz is so fucking good.
Our pitching is really not great.
Good teams lose to bad teams, it happens. Good teams shouldn't bee self destructing against bad teams. These errors and not hustling on fly balls. Not good.
Our pitching staff needs a lot more than a band-aid unfortunately.
Why put in Aggy and not Woody?
I wouldn't be surprised if he is DFA'd this week.
Imagine if Woody got a base hit instead of putting an automatic out to the plate.
"A little bit off the edge"
This honestly feels like Aguilar's dying breaths. Thanks for all the work you put in and the tremendous first half last year. We wouldn't have made the playoffs without him. Unfortunately it is time for him to go. I really hate how we didn't get to those two balls, I felt like those should have been caught. Really sloppy game.
Or Woody if you want a righty.
I don't think you're going to get the support you were hoping for in this post.
That is why you wear your sunglasses.
Brewers had the best team signing duo in baseball last year in Cain and Yelich. They might have it again this year in Moose and Grandal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQF8rQaIjUE
Well fought win. Nicely done.
You're right, mental lapse.
The best way I've had it described to me to attempt to visualize what it's like is "try to see what's directly behind you without turning around". It's not black, it's just nothing.
You're right! That wasn't fun!
Looking much better!
The crack off of Yelich's bat is so satisfying.
I thought that was 430 feet.
Don't mind him, he likes to throw temper tantrums.
Ended up making about 2 dollars on the game selling my collection. Worth.
If you send your key to tACorruption or in a PM I will pretend to read your fortune in tarot cards and will make sure it's a good reading.
The fact that Jimenez hit the game winner for the Sox today is hilarious to me.
FFS.
I hope we play a bunch more games not fielding our best lineup because we want to service time manipulate our best player in years.
Hitting streak lives!
I think it's important to note just how bad the players that we are fielding over Keston are, and not just that they are bad. Travis Shaw has the worst wRC+ of any 3B in the NL with at least 150 PA. Not just really bad, the worst 3B in the league. Jesus Aguilar has the 2nd worst wRC+ of any 1B in the NL. The only worse offensive 1B in the league is Martin Prado of the Marlins. We say we are in win now mode and make big signings of Moose and Grandal yet refuse to put our best lineup on the field. We played in a game 163 last year. Do we really think we can just punt away games until the service time manipulating machine says it's time to call Keston back up? I know I'm just whining, but I just want to vent my frustration.
In large part because of a dominant bullpen. Losing Knebel, Corbin (for now, I still think he can kick ass for us this year), Soria, and Woodruff (due to entering the rotation, obviously) has been really bad for us. Even guys like Jennings were an improvement over what we've fielded this year. Not to mention we had peak J.J. last year which we haven't had yet this year. He may still get it back as well, but it's another piece.
Selective perception and recency bias is a nasty combination.
Workday baseball! Please don't make the workday longer.
Grandal at 1st again. The Hiura call up and Aguilar DFA is on the horizon. Guess it's just a matter of when we stop the service time manipulation now.
That's not as convenient for my narrative though.
We haven't really god for one of those insufferable offensive slumps this year. Definitely not time to panic about the offense.
I'm feeling good about this one.
That's encouraging for Lo though. Obviously you want to see those drop but that was spanked.
Of course you trade him for a World Series. There is no player you could trade him for that would guarantee us a World Series though so it's a pointless exercise.
I wish I could emulate Matsuyama's swing. I love it.
Just not Davies' day. Really unfortunately because we needed him.
I wouldn't have even been mad if they called that a HR because I have no fucking clue what the boundary is. How hard is it to clearly mark these things so there isn't any doubt?
Please no GIDP.
Good FUCKING shit, Braun!
2.2**
Our bullpen is way worse than last year's and we had Aguilar over-performing and Shaw playing much much better. Also having some regression in the rotation. Just people not doing as well as they did last year.
Knebel, JJ not being back to form yet, Soria, Jennings was actually a better LOOGY (to this point), Corbin was stellar in the pen, we had Woodruff in the pen rather than the rotation. It's a completely different pen than last year's.
That pitch was multiple feet outside. Not the prettiest swing in the world.
Cincinnati is also way better than their record. They have the second best run differential in the central with a bunch of under-performers themselves. The Pirates are actually just awful though.
I love watching this guy.
Alright alright alright. We're still right in this.
447, which is still an absolute bomb.
That's a better looking AB for Shaw. Had a good eye on the ball the whole time.
Damn, ball 4 skipped in there.
What a stud.
Hernan is a beautiful asset, fuck this opinion.
Jimmy about to pop off.
Maybe we could not do this?
I really do feel bad for Jimmy. He put in so much work and sounded so excited to be back.
Shaw arguing that call just proves he isn't seeing anything even remotely well at the plate. Time for some AAA time.
Chris Davis but they are trying to lose.
To be fair we do look like we might create a gap.
Because your second bat in the lineup gets the most production. That's just how the math works. We should just be batting Grandal or Thames ahead of him.
Cain didn't even make an effort there.
G I D P
We started the season off 8-2 and have sense been an under .500 team :(
The organization in no way was expecting him to be an ace.
In what world is expecting him to contribute and expecting him to be an ace even remotely the same thing?
Yelich going to have two dingers tonight.
Not really, he just didn't lean out of it. Smart play.
I fucking hate playing from behind so early.
What the fuck?
Not sure how Yelich has concentrated during this shitshow of a stretch but it's really commendable.
What if we fuck around and win this game?
This is just getting fucking sad now.
The issues were apparent when we were winning too.
Good things happen with your best bats at the front of the lineup
Houser getting the start! Hope it works out for him.
Moose looks so natural turning two now.
We're striking out so much that Arcia struck out twice.
Productive!
If we could have Woodruff pitch every game so the offense doesn't have to play from behind that'd be neat. This is fun.
Pitching staff can't make it easy to be sure.
/u/vredditdownloader
Something about watching 100+ mph pitches break across the entire plate is extremely satisfying. Not good.
This is just sad.
That many?
He's so good.
Good for Aggy, let's get another here.
Keston is 2-3 with a 2B and HR tonight, his 3rd HR in the last 4 games.
Yeli just not feeling it tonight it seems.
I wish we had some young budding talent who has proven he can hit major league pitching to jump start things. Maybe someday we will have a prospect like that.
No shit it wasn't out problem tonight.
Our pitching staff can not be fixed at the trade deadline. We're going to have to slug our way through the season and hope we get lucky.
Mark has to be willing to spend money as well.
Inside the park HRs are so damn hype.
People really overstate Arcia's defense because he's fun to watch. By most metrics he's actually fairly average or even below average defensively. He's committed the most errors in the NL and has average range. Take a look at these baseball reference and fangraphs links to see where he stacks up defensively. https://www.baseball-reference.com/leagues/NL/2019-specialpos_ss-fielding.shtml https://www.fangraphs.com/statss.aspx?playerid=13185&amp;position=SS#iefielding
Not last!
This lineup with Keston instead of Shaw looks very threatening. Good batting order as well.
Zero runs 👀
Two scoreless innings 👀 👀 👀
Fuck.
That's more fun than a walk anyway.
It's not actually to install Flash, it's to enable it. Flash is still installed in Chrome by default but is disabled on every site unless you allow otherwise. Because of security concerns, it's going to disable itself again each time you close Chrome.
I'm sad about this one. I love Hernan.
He really might. He is being paid a lot to play at replacement level and that will keep most teams away.
Welcome back, Saladboi!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Keston &lt;3
Nice of the Pirates to give Manny the pass so we can clear the pitcher.
So fucking close.
Are we about to see a moment?
Beautiful.
Eric is really making Aguilar being so useless an easier pill to swallow.
Reminder that you shouldn't be fooled by any good Trice games and that he's actually one of the worst players on the team.
Mike Bruesewitz had to have some stitches too.
I like how the commentator keeps talking about the non-existent push-off even after seeing the replay rather than admit he saw it wrong the first time.
Sneak gets in there, right?
This Minnesota offense is no joke.
So proud of what the team has accomplished this season. Bring a Rose Bowl home for the university, boys. On, Wisconsin!
Well that drive was too easy.
JT writing a personalized thank you note to everyone on the defense after the game
Nice composure Jack, nice play all around. On, Wisconsin!
That isn't the first time he's done that. Not sure how he is playing D1 football tbh
Terrible spot.
Ball don't lie
Wish we had that timeout though.
Like his 20th mistake this season.
Sure wish we had the timeout the refs stole from us right now.
What a surprise that the refs ruined this game.
If only it were just that call
Bad officiating and bad play aren't mutually exclusive. They can live in beautiful harmony as demonstrated here.
How many times can a team shoot themselves in the foot? GG :(
Bill must have some some crazy shit for them to not even cut back.
So what exactly happened? Maybe show us a replay?
Easy targeting call on this one.
Refs have been doing a better job of not blowing plays dead but they may have just cost Ohio 6.
So...someone explain to be how that is even close to PI.
On, Wisconsin! Give them a game, boys.
WVU is my favorite B12 team so I won't hold it against you.
I see road Wisconsin offense has shown up. Don't be surprised if we miss 7 more shots in a row here.
Glad everyone universally thinks Potter should have been eligible except for the people who make the decisions.
Oopsies
We might finish this game with more turnovers than made shots.
This team turns the ball over more than any Wisconsin team in the last 12 years and it's really hard to watch.
I don't think OSU can score 125 this game, over is dead.
Honestly in these situations I just want Pritzl to start chucking. He is the only guy on the team with a good stroke.
Good thing OSU can't shoot either.
She sure does. Didn't go to many games last year for some reason but she has been to a few this year (including this one).
Nice competence to break that press, boys.
If Brevin had confidence in himself he'd be a top player in the B1G. Plays hard, gets more rebounds than he should for his size, plays quality defense, just doesn't let it rip for whatever reason.
Potter is very loose to the ball. I'm willing to call it nerves and rust yet for a while.
Reuvers looks lost.
Can't thank him enough for picking the university and working hard. His effort will continue to pay dividends on our work ethic and recruiting moving forward.
You should know her as well as anyone.
This game is a fucking rock fight.
This game is such a fucking mess.
My stream just randomly switched to SmackDown. Probably not that different from the game to be honest.
Everyone looks so tired. Ref whistles are the only thing saving these guys from exhaustion.
Definitely less this year. A welcome change because it was absurd last year.
Really smart play there, Brevin. Aggressive. I like it.
Even if we don't close this game out I'm really pleased with the effort. If they play this hard every night they can make the tournament.
Reuvers is absolutely dreadful tonight.
If Reuvers missed that shot I was going to tilt.
Really proud of how hard we played tonight. Put in 100% effort and good things can happen. On, Wisconsin!
You're fucking right on that one. Lowering your head as an offensive player shouldn't create a targeting call for the defender.
Playing in Mackey is fucking impossible so I wouldn't worry.
Playing in Mackey is fucking impossible so I wouldn't worry.
Good morning, everybody. Just tuning in, who is mad at the refs?
I can only assume the only relation to Bud Light is in the name. It's probably just another generic hard seltzer...at least I hope.
Receiving votes :)
Really wish we would have matched or exceeded this offer. Oh well, I will still root for him to play well for the Nats. I'm just disappointed.
A. Would have been an easy A+ if not for missing the tournament for the first time in 19(?) years. Back-to-back final fours and consistently competitive every year but one. We also fielded the best team the University has ever seen and a team with the best offensive efficiency since Kenpom began.
On, Wisconsin!
Solid start for the Badgers which hasn't been the norm.
Kohl Center always sounds like an empty gym to be honest. Average age in there is about 60.
Aleem has to shoot that three. He wasn't ready for the quick pass from Brevin.
I struggle to think of a player who got so drastically worse over their time at Wisconsin more so than Trice. Went from on fire to mediocre to just bad.
Wahl plus the upcoming recruiting class is going to be a nice combo.
Near steal into a corner three. It happens all the time and it's just so sad.
Gard is not happy that Feliz got home there. No way he should get a free look in the paint when he has the ball with 2 seconds at the top of the key.
No reason to not call it. Drill in the box out.
Far too much offense this half so far.
Even if that wasn't a charge that's still Trice making a terrible decision. I'm okay with him being penalized for that.
What an awful shot from Potter. Not sure what went through his head there to take that.
If Kofi can make that move and shoot over the top consistently he is going to just feast on college players.
Well that's a take.
Not every foul is a phantom foul. Did you seriously not see that one? It was very obvious.
Depending on where you sit in the Kohl Center you will literally be hushed for cheering too loud.
Potter has played mostly well tonight but that's the second time a nonsensical shot from him has directly led to Illinois points.
We get outnumbered all the time. Wish we had more active posters but ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Davison got played hard there. Completely outplayed.
Kobe has been sniping all game and we just kinda went away from him. If this is coming down to a game winning shot situation he or Brevin better be shooting it.
Why the fuck is the worst player on the court who is like 4 feet tall driving into the trees rather than a good player taking the shot? Completely selfish.
Time for Davison to play point and start Brevin. Trice is hurting this team.
This sure is something.
Trice should be getting like 10 minutes per game just to give our guards rest.
Beautiful from Wahl. So much potential.
Fuck the NCAA. Sure would have been nice to have Potter during our nonconference losses.
Keep Trice on the bench for the last few minutes and we should be okay.
Aleem is playing absolutely terrible.
Not sure what you see in Aleem that screams high effort. He mostly sits in the corner and waits for a three look.
Davison completely missed Micah there and turned it over instead.
Fuck the NCAA for making us play without Potter for half of the year. Also great win and great effort today. Loving how little minutes Trice got this game. Maybe it will force him to be better if he wants to play.
Tannehill is amazing. Good shit.
Mackey is the worst place on earth.
There's the patented McCarthy wasted timeout. Wait...
What happened to calling it a fumble on the field because it's automatically reviewed?
We shouldn't have had to challenge it. You calls those live so it's automatically reviewed and we would have gotten it.
I'm offended by how little commercials we've had.
Allowed the Seahawks TD to avoid the 28-3 score. Smart play.
He's the star QB and best player on their team, do you want them to just ignore him?
Split this week and we are definitely on pace to make the tournament. Definitely a big week.
Auburn's SOS is definitely garbage and you have better wins at the top, but the average quality of Auburn opponents is certainly better than yours. Kenpom has your SOS at 206th and Auburn's at 113.
I think SDSU has a better claim to be ranked higher but it's not as cut and dry as you make it out to be. Auburn played more teams with upset potential and beat them all. You cant say definitively you would have dodged all of those when San Jose St. almost clipped you at home. You have better wins over the top but it does matter that you played more auto win garbage teams too.
We had one poor team in the last three years. Last season we finished 4th in the B1G with fan favorite Happ leading the way. Poor showing in the tournament but that wouldn't affect anything. The year before that we missed the tournament. I will give you that one as a poor year. The year before that one we won 21 of our first 24 games (exciting), finished 2nd and the B1G, and had a really exciting tournament. This was also the senior year for a lot of really special players who helped us greatly in our Final Four appearances.
Not even remotely.
That's just awful.
This sure is a mess.
How many bunny shots has Nebraska missed already? Two layups and another shot that was pretty much uncontested under the basket?
Eh, they still have a decent resume and metrics are still high on them. I think it makes sense still.
Wish WatchESPN would let me watch now instead of not posting the game until 3 minutes has gone by.
Sure wish we would have had Micah all year. Fuck the NCAA.
That's just the Kohl Center, baby. We have lots of emergency support on standby in case one of our 20k 80+ year old fans has a tumble.
Wahl/King and this recruiting class when they are sophomores is going to be really solid I think.
Maryland with the Wisconsin copyrighted "No points in last X minutes" ticker.
Davison should be primarily running point with Brevin getting a lot of minutes.
Trice once again is the worst player on the court this game.
We are going to put Maryland in the double bonus before the 10 minute mark.
I'm going to beat the dead horse and reiterate that Trice is so bad.
Don't put Trice back in this game.
I didn't think Potter would make this much of a difference.
We lose this game if Trice doesn't ride pine. He is losing us the game.
Literally just standing around. Zero offense played there. What the fuck?
That's everywhere in every arena at every school for every conference. Our game at Xfinity last year was perhaps the most biased officiating I've ever seen for any sport. That's just how it works. It's really irritating but at this point I'm just used to it.
The next closest power conference is P12 at 14-6. Big East is 12-8, B12 is 9-8, SEC is 14-8, ACC is 17-24(????)
Wichita St. They play great defense and bring a consistent product to the court. If their offense can continue to improve they will be a tough out in March.
We sure do stand around a lot on offense.
What exactly are we looking at here?
I already don't want Trice to play more this game and we're 4 minutes in.
Home officiating in the B1G sure is something. That was a clear charge.
Well, yeah. But our Trice's dad can beat your Trice's dad.
Recognition and acceptance is important here. Ignoring the problem of home officiating bias wont make it go away, but acknowledging it won't either. Every team has to deal with in every road game, it's just part of the game at this point.
That's a really nice defensive play from Micah. If he can play defense like that he's going to be a really good player. He was getting beat on defense a bit against Maryland.
He didn't, unfortunately.
So we're a little outmatched.
Why do we have Anderson and Trice on the court at the same time? It's working, I just genuinely don't understand.
Time to have Brevin start chucking some threes.
A slow, swing offense is why our undersized less athletic teams do consistently pull off upsets and can beat good teams.
We stand around and iso more than any Badger team I've ever seen. It works against teams that are worse than us but we need to run better shit against better teams.
I've fallen out of love with Gus for sure. I used to think he was great and now I can't stand him.
Did you just start watching Badger basketball? Why do you think we finished top 4 in the B1G every year with shit recruiting?
I just want to get to 40.
Remember when Trice started out on fire as a freshman and people were questioning Izzo as to why he didn't recruit him? Good times...
Gus has called him Kobe Ford three times now. Is the name wrong on his sheet? At this point I feel like it has to be.
Reuvers was on fire. Is he so tired that he can't play right now?
Well that was fun while it lasted.
Made the score look respectable, hopefully we show better in Madison. We actually damn near covered.
Well we're just the clearly inferior team. Not much to be done unfortunately.
Let's go, Crew! Catchers and pitchers report soon :)
Conor and Cowboy was more competitive than this.
Easily my least favorite place for us to play. Purdue could be 0-20 and my heart would still be prepared for a loss at Mackey.
If they don't win the conference tournament they will absolutely be an at-large...
I see why Maryland players are arguing to come off the bench, that's the way to score points.
It's a foul of course but this is some garbage if it's flagrant.
It's time for the last of the stubborn AP voters to stop ranking Purdue. Looking at just you, Jessee Newell for voting them 17th this week.
Thought for sure Trevor was turning that over.
Nebraska daring us to shoot open threes and hoping we miss which, to be fair, is often a good strategy. Not paying off so far.
Probably because of that leaving shooters wide open part.
Where the fuck is my "Hasn't scored in the last X minutes" ticker. It's our patent we may as well show it off.
Nice defense, boys.
Kohl Center crowd is always embarrassingly quiet.
Just a dumb play with accidental extra contact. Obviously just a common foul.
If we can figure out a way to play as well in the first half of games as we do in the second half we could be a pretty good team.
Wisconsin schools are just winning 82-68 tonight.
Hopefully you aren't referring to last year. There was nothing flawed about that NCSOS leaving y'all out.
I'm fine with it as long as they literally never call it. You know TV Teddy will get bored some night and call a carry to decide the game even though it was no more of a carry than any other standard no call.
Iowa just had a graphic for no field goals in the last 2 minutes. If we had a graphic for that it would be up all the time. We wait for the good ole no field goals in the last 6 minutes.
I think it's mostly because this subreddit is dead. It might be shit content but he's the only one who posts anything. And he does post some decent stuff from time to time even if most of it is just white noise.
They are maybe the ugliest sponsor apparel I've ever seen. I guess they have us talking about it so...it worked?
I never would have guessed after the start of the season that OSU might be the team on the outside looking in of the B1G logjam on Selection Sunday
13 max. 12 and you're safe. 10-10 in the B1G isn't going to do it for you this year
Could always be using it as a bit of a coaching moment. Trying to get them to work through it on their own if they can. Definitely an important trait for a team to have.
14 losses is 10-10 for you guys.
Ah, 14 max then. Good call.
They didn't do enough in the Non Con for 10 B1G wins to cut it. Would definitely need at least one tournament win.
We're talking about Minnesota, not OSU.
No worries, mate.
The man is on fire!
I really like Morikawa's swing a lot.
On, Wisconsin!
Rebounding could very very easily be the difference in this game.
Yeah I don't think they really work.
This is going to be another game where we have no offense in the first half and dig a hole and then come out as a completely different team in the second half. Just have to hope that hole we dig isn't too large.
Please please please leave Trice in Indiana.
Reuvers moves like a wounded gazelle and it's oddly mesmerizing.
Told my buddy to find a Purdue -10 alt line because we won't be able to score on this defense at Mackey. I was really hoping I was wrong.
Our efficiencies first half vs second half last year were staggering. This year is more of the same. Not sure if it's poor game planning or what but it does happen every game. We will come out of the locker room and play pretty well.
Mackey at its absolute quietest is about 10x louder than the Kohl Center. Really makes me sad.
Petition to surrender and go next
We will definitely come out a much better team than we were in the first half, but this lead is just too much even if we play really well. EDIT: Never mind
I have a rule to never bet against my own teams. Purdue not making me regret breaking my rule I suppose. We're completely outclassed.
Who the fuck isn't voting to surrender?
Wahl's performance this year has me optimistic for what we can do next year. Hopefully the new recruits are able to eat a little bit of time from some of the poorer starters and we could have a decent squad.
Somehow it's top 50 in efficiency.
I think Purdue has 49 second chance points.
We DESPERATELY need a PG. Anderson and Trice are the two worst players who get regular PT which just kills us.
Trice is only a Junior...
You couldn't just beat us normally, Purdue? I wonder how hard this drops us in NET because of efficiencies. We can't afford losses like this because of a less than inspiring non-con. Gotta bounce back strong at Iowa. I feel much better about that game than this one at least.
Give him more PT than Trice and Anderson. He's already impressing me more.
I'm fine with it, makes the game end faster.
I'm just glad we hit 50.
On, Wisconsin!
Watch for Trice making bad decisions.
Couple minutes late. Is King out? If so that's not good...
Why can't I get 1080p from Fox with 350mb/s download speed? These streaming services need to get their shit together. I shouldn't be able to count pixels like this.
I have the flu some I willing to attribute my feeling of disgust to that, but maybe most of it is from watching this shit.
Y'all gotta do your part and get the ball rolling.
I really like Wahl. He is very very rough around the edges but he is going to be a really solid player.
Can I introduce you to one Adam Woodbury?
Gotta go up stronger than that, Micah. That's getting blocked every time.
Why is everyone hesitating and letting Luka close in? That's 4 points off the board from not going up right away.
Connor ripped his arm down and called for a jump ball. I get trying to sell it but then to melt down over the objectively correct call seems a little odd.
Not a bad showing at all for being without one of our three best players. See if we can keep it up with the lack of depth.
You could have called that foul on like three people.
Really proud of the effort defensively. Still a lot of standing around doing nothing on offense but they're playing hard overall.
He must have not known how many fouls there were I guess.
I'm surprised Trice doesn't get those blocked more often. He's playing really well tonight though which is a welcome change to how he's been playing.
That play was beautiful.
That guy who was ready to punt his money away on his Luka over 25.5 bet may have spoken a little soon.
Gard was already doing most of the recruiting while we had Bo.
Asking questions in a contentious game thread is like walking into a hornet's nest.
Well that was not a good call. Hard to play defense if you can't do that.
Wait, how did he travel? I'm not saying he didn't but it was impossible to see from that angle.
If Iowa fans had it their way they would just watch Luka shoot 70 FTs every game.
Wahl is balling out.
Refs are struggling.
Perhaps call a timeout?
That was definitely a tip in attempt.
I really don't feel like we've committed 10 more fouls this game.
I really don't feel like we committed 12 more fouls this game. Completely changed what we were allowed to do defensively. None of that is Iowa's fault of course, but it's very frustrating. We were also the exact opposite of clutch down the stretch. Even with the whistles if we could have made even a shot or two we would have been just fine. GG, Iowa fans. Was a mostly chill game thread actually. If King is done with the team I really can't see us making the tournament which is an absolute shame. Also we've been way better at beating the press this year than years past but were just terrible tonight. That's all on Trice and mostly Davison. Brad looked completely lost when pressured in the full court. That was a great decision by Iowa to stick with it the rest of the game. Wahl did great starting for King. Really impressed with him and think he's going to be really good for us in the coming years.
It's every team in the conference. It's probably every team in every conference. Refs are incapable of calling games without letting crowd and atmosphere influence them. So when someone complains about "x team getting calls at home", it shouldn't really be a commentary on that specific team but rather officiating as a whole.
To be fair that Wisconsin team was just so much better than all the other teams in the conference. That was a bit of an outlier year for the B1G.
I really hope everything Wisconsin has worked so hard to build over the last 20+ years isn't starting to crumble. I'm not ready to sound the alarms just yet, but to say I'm not worried would definitely be a lie.
I wouldn't be 100% sure on that recruiting class anymore.
The most disappointing was Herro deciding to go to Kentucky, though I don't think it's fair to hang that all on Gard. Playing at Kentucky was a good opportunity for him.
Keep this shit in our sub. There are going to be a lot of hot takes to pass around.
This isn't his first offense of doing this type of shit. One game seems appropriate. Wish it wasn't for such an important game but you reap what you sow.
Over the last month of the season, Wisconsin was the 3rd most efficient team in the nation per Torvik. Wisconsin was playing its best basketball since 2015 and was poised to build on the momentum in March.
I liked this one a lot. Congrats to Yasushige.
That's exactly what it seems like. We do that in our group as well. We just call it the gallery rule.
It's a great driver. What you lose in distance you more than make up for in forgiveness. I gladly gave up the ~10 yards I was getting with other drivers for the stability.
All of the other big drivers of that generation gave me more yardage, probably most notably the Rogue. The problem is that my lows were also much lower because I couldn't reliably get the spin numbers I wanted. The G400 may not have been as explosive for me but it made my poor shots better, the others couldn't do that for me.
