I know it doesn't make any difference to you, but it almost certain that the problem is not you, but him. For one reason or another he can't get or stay hard. It is a lot more common than anyone is prepared to accept. Cialis won't solve psychological problems.
It's a trick question. You don't know either of them and you are an unassociated bloke.
Jesus! Some people are never done flogging a dead corpse.
It's most commonly referred to as a Reverse PA. If you go to a piercer's and ask for a Reverse PA, that is what you will end up with. Some customers go straight to an Apadravya and others get a normal PA converted to one. Some people swear a Reverse PA is the bee's knees when it comes to g-spot stimulation. I can't confirm that.
Just because your friends experienced no problems, and you only have their word for that, doesn't make you a freak. Your experience is one expressed by a lot of women. The more worried you become about being a failure or worried about any other aspect of the situation, the worse the problem is going to becomes for you. It becomes a re-enforcing bad situation. What you need to try to do is to do your best to set your anxieties about it to one side. Firstly, try to stop seeing it as a success or failure issue. Your boyfriend is trying to take pressure of you from his perspective because he understands this, but you can't and you are putting undue pressure on yourself as a result. Think about WHY the idea of having a penis inside you is so worrying. Is it the idea of pain? The idea of assault? The idea of unwanted pregnancy? Whatever it is try to think about it in rational terms, in terms of how you can manage and control it. Also, think of practical and psychological ways you can improve your relaxation about the subject. For example, might it help if you were to have an orgasm from non-penetrative sex before attempting penetrative sex? Would it help to use a good lubricant? Would you be able to relax if the environment was significantly warmer? Would a little bit of alcohol help you relax a bit more? Think not about what a penis is doing to your vagina but what your vagina can and is doing to a penis. Think about your vagina and how you use it so it can control his dick and make it shrivel. The most important aspect to dealing with it is to adopt a positive, determined attitude to overcoming it, rather than being afraid of it. Be frustrated by it, not upset or worried about it. Try to see it as something that is depriving you, not your boyfriend. He wants to support you because he realises that what benefits you also benefits him and that is okay in the end of the day. Mature and understanding men are tickled pink by the idea that their partner enjoys sex, not that they get to have sex with them. If sex becomes an obligation, a duty, then it turns the best kind of men off. This is about you, not your male partners. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
You're right. I didn't look carefully enough.
Why not make suggestions? They can be posed as either questions or requests. Try to put the issue forward as a concern about your partner's satisfaction with the way things are. Try to worry less about negative responses. Think about what is the best way to respond to that. Remain calm but confident. Don't be afraid to ask for alternative ideas in response. If your partner says they don't have any don't be afraid to follow up. Ask them why they think they don't have any ideas. Keep the conversation calm, non-inquisitorial, as an exchange of opinions and ideas. Don't be afraid to find out negative things. Negative things can sometimes tell you much more that is helpful than positive things.
Does he think most whores have the time, resource or inclination to worry about their asses? Besides. what does he know about the typical whore, ie those that aren't tedious caricatures, or does he have something that he ought to tell you?
Don't know how experienced your doctor was but I would suspect that unless 'he' was a 'she', no matter how experienced fitting them he is there is nothing quite like having gone through the experience yourself. Have you any option to ask for a female doctor to fit it or even ask whether there is a practice nurse who is trained in fitting them?
Feet are bony. It's kinda fundamental; they don't work very well unless they are. 26 bones, 33 joints and more than 100 muscles. If you don't meet the count then you shuffle around on your arse. You have a problem, it won't be just *his* feet. What about your own feet? Do you avoid looking at them or touching them? Get him a pair of these [https://dukyana.com/Mohair-socks-in-steel-gray-unisex-hand-knitted-SO19](https://dukyana.com/Mohair-socks-in-steel-gray-unisex-hand-knitted-SO19) and insist he wears them when you are in flagrante delicto, he'll be able to stroke you to a squirting multiple orgasm, although he'll still feel somewhat offended and maybe a bit puzzled.
You certainly can't fix it by yourself where there are two people involved, but it sounds as if your wife really doesn't want to 'fix' it either and while you may want that, you can't really expect someone who doesn't understand because they don't have the same emotional attachment to physical intimacy to change their innate psychological or emotional makeup either. It just doesn't happen. It's not so much that you are sexually incompatible but rather you are incompatible in terms of psychological or emotional needs. It's really telling that she dismisses your views as pseudoscience when she can't possibly have the sort of academic expertise or knowledge to make that sort of dismissive, definitive judgement. The simply fact is that comment is just another way of saying "I don't care". You can't avoid taking that message into consideration. Do you think you can sustain your relationship on this basis. It doesn't sound 'fixable' to me.
It's quite possible that what you see as 'triggers' maybe even blatant triggers, might not be the triggers at all.
&gt; now she is more than ready and long overdue for more of a life outside the home. i am struggling to give this to her but i so desperately want to. What do you think is holding you back on that score? Remember this was a woman who was about to do a degree before she found herself unexpectedly pregnant. Although she may love your kids she may well feel incomplete or unfulfilled as a result. If I had to take a wild guess I would suggest that maybe she wants two things from you. 1. to appreciate her as your partner, psychologically and emotionally, to know that you need her and are grateful for her presence in your life and that you can reciprocate that in demonstrative ways by being physically affectionate outside of sex and to support her in her psychological and emotional needs, including her own personal development needs. The harder you try to hold on the harder you make it for you to hold someone to you. It's not about you wanting to hold on to them, but them wanting to hold on to you. You sound as if you are part of the way there and that you have an appreciation of a lot of what still needs to be done. An important aspect of that is to be open about that with your partner, not just about where you are or where you are coming from but also about where you want to be and the sort of support from your partner might help you achieve that. And as much as talking about what you want it is as important to listen to what your partner wants, indeed needs, and that may require reading between the lines and where you can't, be prepared to ask the right necessary questions in a sensitive fashion. It's tempting to avoid that because of concern or even fear that you will get it wrong. It may be that you will but if you avoid the issues involved altogether you definitely will get it wrong. It may be that she does actually care but it is more self-protective to tell herself that she doesn't actually care. That way you minimise the hurt and disappointment you may feel. It's like building an emotional shell around yourself to protect yourself from the blows and disappointments of life. Apart from being a good mother what is your partner's future, as a person, as an individual, with personal desires and ambitions? Read this poster's post. I think it contains some really useful points: [https://www.reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/bw9eyr/spare\_room\_update\_4\_back\_in\_marital\_bed\_and/](https://www.reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/bw9eyr/spare_room_update_4_back_in_marital_bed_and/)
Just got round to reading your reply and read some of your other responses. It sounds tough and as if things are on the edge. Whatever you do, as opposed to what your wife may do, may have a lot of risk attached to it. Yet, on the other hand, if you do nothing then it may not affect events either. That is, doing nothing may have as much risk attached. Similarly, trying to hold on may do more harm rather than letting go, even though trying to resist is your natural instinct. It's about trying to strike a balance between getting over how much something matters to you but that if it means that much to you that you are prepared to let go, rather than destroy it. I don't know whether talking conceptually like that makes any sense. If your wife seems to have made up her mind to leave then you can't resist that. You can say that you don't want her to leave but that if she wants to then you won't try to stop her, that you will support her if she wants to do that. It's not really about preserving the relationship or the marriage just for the sake of it but trying to preserve something meaningful and valuable to not only you, but to her as well. If she feels stifled in the relationship no matter what the various causes may be that leaving isn't without it's problems and challenges too and that even if she does something with this other guy or any other man that doesn't guarantee that she will get whatever it is she is seeking or make her happy. For example, if she leaves, do you think she will assume the children go with her? If they do, that is not going to be attractive to a lot of men in her age group, whether they have children of their own or not. Women are at a distinct disadvantage with their mothering instincts when it comes to this sort of situation and even though you might offer to help out with child-minding as much as possible, whether it means paying someone or doing it yourself. It will make life more complicated and restrictive for you both. She needs to see that the potential for greater personal freedom exists within her current situation, rather than out of it. You can't tell her that, she needs to come to that discovery for herself. If you tell her she is only likely to resent you for pointing out the obvious to her. As far as your explosive temper is concerned, I can sympathize with you about that, it has always been an issue for me. It's a handicap, like a lot of other forms of handicaps. It is as big a problem for you and me as it is to the people who fear it. Even if people don't fear for their personal safety, having to witness someone losing it is a disturbing and unpleasant experience. Think about it from your own perspective, what are your feelings when you see someone else lose control? So saying that you've never threatened or struck her is a pretty lame excuse to yourself. I know this from my personal experience and I resit any temptation to offer that as an excuse to myself, never mind anyone else. I don't know about you but losing my temper is mostly about being utterly frustrated at realizing that you cannot control or manage a situation, that you feel helpless. When you reflect on it in those terms it is pretty easy to realize losing your temper only means you lose more control more quickly of whatever situation created it in the first place. You have to find your own ways of managing your own anger. It takes trial-and-error and lots of failed attempts and a realization that you cannot ever completely overcome it any more than an alcoholic can tell themselves that they are not an alcoholic just because they don't drink any more. You have to try to control it and realize it is a constant battle. While you have to find your own coping mechanisms things you might consider thinking about it are: 1. Structured physical exercise. It can help you reduce anxiety and tension and stress hormone levels. It could be almost anything. Running. Weight/strength training. Yoga. Tai chi. Pilates. Research it for yourself. 2. Mindfulness. It can help you focus more often on your current thoughts and reactions before you act them out. 3. Meditation. I really can help, even if the results are subtle rather than radical. Empathy and support for your partner right now are the biggest and best tools in your toolkit right now, no matter what the eventual outcome might be. It may not seem like it right now, but the best thing is not to find fault, either with your partner or with yourself. Right now to paraphrase a bad old cliche, you have problems and what you need is solutions, not more problems. PS. When it comes to the moment of losing your temper, as a last resort, learn to remove yourself from sight or sound of other people. Set up a punch bag or boxing ball in your garage and withdraw yourself to it without slamming doors, etc. Even the process of just having to do that is enough more often than not to bring you down from your acute state of mind when you are losing control; it gives you enough control back.
Every so often on here I find myself quoting a short poem from a modern English poet. His name is Philip Larkin and the poem is called "This Be The Verse". They fuck you up, your mum and dad. They may not mean to, but they do. They fill you with the faults they had And add some extra, just for you. But they were fucked up in their turn By fools in old-style hats and coats, Who half the time were soppy-stern And half at one another’s throats. Man hands on misery to man. It deepens like a coastal shelf. Get out as early as you can, And don’t have any kids yourself. Only last week I was walking along the aisle of a supermarket. There was a man and his son walking ahead of me. His son must have been about 7 or 8 years old. The man had his arm around his son's shoulders and he kissed him on top of the head several times. I don't know what the context for his action was, whether he was consoling him, reassuring him or just telling him he loved him. I'm 60 years old and that is the first time I've ever seen a grown man show such open affection for their kids in public. I don't know about you, but I think that realising that is really quite sad. If you love your kids that much why shouldn't you tell them or show them in an age-appropriate way, even in public. I watched a charming video yesterday that was put up on Facebook of a father having a 'conversation' with his toddler son who clearly couldn't hold an actual conversation but it was all about his dad giving him his attention that was eye-catching. It's something that should be happening more. https://www.facebook.com/NikiSpryor/videos/10101574620232282/. It's that sort of attention that kids want and need from their parents, the earlier the better. It is not just a matter of getting them to do what you want them to. Maybe you shouldn't shout at your kids as much as you do or in the way that you do, but I think it is even more important that they know that you truly love them, that is their over-riding memory of their growing up in your presence, even if you do end up shouting at them sometimes. Assuming that your parents love you should not be something that you have to take for granted and I believe it does leave a mark on you, even if you don't realise it at the time or maybe even later when you are an adult. Your kids need and want that reassurance. Like I said in my previous post, you clearly have a lot of insight into your situation. Maybe it is too little, to late, as far as saving your marriage is concerned but it is always important to remember that there is always the future to consider, no matter what form that future should be. I am a great believer that when it comes to our personal development that it is a continual, constant process, one that is never completed even as we breathe our last breath. The lack of sex between you and your wife may be a problem in itself, but on the other hand it is a symptom of things being wrong in the relationship especially if you can recall good times in the past. That suggests that there maybe wasn't an inherent problem with the relationship but that it developed after it started. That in itself is not really remarkable, it happens in a lot of long-term relationships and it is worth remembering that the way it goes wrong doesn't even need to be that remarkable or dramatic, it can just become stale because people let it become stale, just let it go. Obviously the impetus lies with your wife, you recognize that yourself, but it doesn't have to a fateful situation, even at this late stage you can decide to influence future events even if it doesn't change the overall outcome. It is maybe time to consider what you are going to do and how you are going to do it. It is about doing "the right thing" rather than trying to stop something detrimental happening. You may have to think about sitting down with your wife at some point and having a "what do you want to do next" conversation without putting pressure on her. What you both need is to move things on in whatever way is natural rather than in a forced fashion. If you don't know what is the best way to go about that then seeking either personal counselling or joint counselling may well be the appropriate thing to do but it would be a mistake to enter into it in order to try to save your marriage. It should be about improving your relationship, if that is possible, and if it is not, preparing the best for a different future. PS. When you reflect on it when you think about the way your kids might want or need you to love them is also the way that any adult in a close relationship with you also wants or needs you to treat them too. We don't change that much as we grow older.
Only if you really want to. Not every woman likes the experience.
It doesn't even take apnea to cause a drop in libido, being overweight and unfit is sufficient to cause problems. Basically he is telling you that he doesn't care enough about you or the relationship to make a reasonable effort at compromise to respect your needs ion a relationship. What you are seeking is not unreasonable in any relationship. The question is whether a relationship maintained on that sort of basis is worth holding on to. Only you can decide about that. He in part gets upset in order to put you off bringing the subject up. It may be that he has substantial reasons as to why he isn't prepared to engage with you about the issue, but that doesn't mean you have to accept the fait accompli.
It's tough when you find yourself in that situation and you feel 'bad' about it but we all face being in potential situations where we might feel that way, so you should try not to feel that way if you can. The people who you have sought help from sound as if they have been less than helpful. Part of that may be because they may have taken a prescriptive approach to the issue that may well be appropriate for a lot of people but not to everyone and you may be one of the exceptions. How do you feel about sexual activity per se as opposed to sexual activity with a partner? Is there any difference? For example, do you not engage even in masturbation or any sort of sexual thoughts? If you don't then you do have a fundamental issue especially if you have enjoyed sex before. Do you believe that you are capable of sexual pleasure but that you just don't see the possibility of it right now? If you do then there is a material block to you enjoying what you have potential for. Have you any idea why that might be? Do you think it could be to do with persistent depression or anxiety irrespective whether you are taking any medication for it or not. Bear in mind that for some people the negative effects on libido from using anti-depressants can last long after stopping using them. Some people report the effect as being permanent. The most important question you can ask yourself is what it is that you think sex might or can do for you in terms of pleasure or feeling better in yourself. This is and should not be about keeping a partner happy. There is no way you can sustain that long term, so it is something that you really need to set to one side even if it the thing that is giving you the most anxiety about the situation. If your partner is truly understanding about the situation they will understand because they won't derive pleasure from having sex with someone who isn't getting roughly the same from it that they are. Some people do get pleasure out of giving rather than receiving but they are not a majority by a long shot. Try to think what you might like to get from sex in terms of process, technique and scenario and then discuss that with your partner in terms of how you might achieve it. You need to find some way of kick-starting your libido again, your desire for sex and there is no prescriptive way of doing that, only whatever means that works for you. What will make you feel desirable and desired again.
I live in a different time zone from you so I answered your post about 2.00 am just before going to bed. I would like to respond to you in a fulsome way later today after some sleep. However in the meantime I would pose this thought to you in the meantime. Whenever you think about whether you should be having sex with your partner or he asks you about it, what is or are your thoughts at the time and why do you think you are feeling that way? Why don't yoy want to do it? Take your time about thinking about it. If you are still interested in discussing it I wiil respond to you. Sex is all in your head even from a hormonal perspective, so no amount of toys or other external agents can fix that. It is something that you want to do from a selfish perspective even if it is predominantly about giving pleasure to someone else. In that scenario you get pleasure from giving pleasure to someone else. Something in your mind is distracting you from that core thought. It's a matter of identifying what it might be.
&gt;He can't understand it. Really? I mean I would hate to think how thick I would have to be not to understand it. Sounds more like bullshit to me.
Approximately 70% of women report that can't or don't orgasm through vaginal penetration. There is a small-scale study that suggests why this is ie it depends on how close the tip of the clitoris is to the vaginal opening which varies from woman to woman. Google this for yourself and then accept it for what it is rather than continuing to try to set impossible objectives for yourself or wondering whether there is something wrong with you.
Being sexy is not about how you look but how you feel. If she feels sexy then she is sexy. It's all in her head. If she can overcome that it doesn't matter what anyone else thinks she looks like. Probably not the answer you were looking for.
What's your best instinct? Do you feel that the reason she gives is true, that the stress at work is the issue, or do you think something else lies at the centre of it?
When it comes to communicating about sex it's all about communicating when you aren't actually doing it. So, the obvious thing is to sit down and talk about it. If either of you don't want to do that you have to accept that you have no other choice because you won't resolve the issue otherwise. It's important to keep the discussion low-key, low friction and on a collaborative, constructive basis where you can help one another. If he has a small dick and he is conscious of that or is put off by that then that is a delicate issue to deal with. One potential way of dealing with it would be for him to become a master of oral skills which is likely to be more interesting to most women anyway, but if he is reluctant to engage in that then you have arguably a double-jeopardy situation. Ideally, it would help the situation if he could get gradually into oral sex, ie cunnilingus. Are there any specific reasons why he doesn't like the idea of doing that?
# Comments **Removal, Banning &amp; Reporting:** &amp;#x200B; * No name calling, insults, or insensitive language ([details](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/insults)). Insulting someone will result in post/comment removal and possible banning. We don't care who started it.
I would second [r/deadbedrooms](https://www.reddit.com/r/deadbedrooms/). It's nowhere as bad as it is being made to sound. No matter what Reddit sub you post to you will get idiotic or abusive comments including red-pillers and incels from time-to-time but they are usually quickly dealt with and the sub is about your dilemma and nothing else.
About 70% of women report they can't orgasm or don't orgasm via penetrative sex and trying to compensate for that via digital manipulation during it is tricky for most people especially if you have started off with penetration cold. If your partner doesn't know that or doesn't accept that, then you are on a hiding to nothing. What he should be doing is focussing on is your pleasure and how to best achieve it because it is good for his long-term sex life with you, or any woman for that matter. If he doesn't attend to it he's going to have a starved sex-life. PS. No woman should be faking orgasm in 21st Century. It helps no-one. Just tell him. A robust man will take it in his stride. If he doesn't then that is a problem in itself.
If you're patient enough, constructive enough, the best thing I can suggest is that you take a step back from the immediate problem over a lack of sex and discuss the problem about discussing it. For example, does your wife have problems conveying her feelings in general, does she worry about what others might be thinking about what she might say? Might she be afraid to say something to you about your sex life that she would be afraid you might not like to hear? Does she need to be encouraged to say what needs to be said? Have there been arguments or fight in the past over discussing awkward subjects, not just sex? Is she just inhibited from talking about bodily functions? Was she brought up in a home where such discussions were avoided or discouraged? Once you know what the issues might be then you can both talk about ways in which she can talk about them and, indeed, how she can deal with the psycho9logical stresses that might bring whether it be anxiety, embarrassment, disgust or whatever.
It's about you and him; together. You don't need to do anything extravagant just something that he knows is sincere and heart-felt. Hopefully you've been together long enough to know what that would be. Apart from which, if he knows you well enough he already knows how self-reliant you are and that when you call on him it is in extremis. In a strange way, it has been a bonding experience for you both already. A thank-you card with a simple hand-written note inside it should be adequate. Putting it on the record, so-to-speak.
Given the way you are feeling right now, the best advice is to put your plans for children on hold. It is much better if a kid can be brought up in an environment where both parents are happy in one another's company and it just seems as if you are not in that position. Many couples go ahead nevertheless and then talk about having regrets having done so. You've got to be absolutely honest with one another over crucial issues like this. You don't say anything about why sex is painful for your wife, but all things being equal it shouldn't be and it is right that you find the notion of it being painful as off-putting for you as it is for her. There can be a myriad of both psychological and physical reasons why women can find sex painful and often one can play into the other. I would earnestly encourage you both to investigate what the possible cause might be and whether there are any remedies to it. It is going to be a hard sell for you to encourage your wife to take this on without her feeling like a sex servant. You need to put a lot of thought into what is the best way to handle that. Maybe if you show an interest in understanding what the potential causes of the pain might be will help demonstrate that you are concerned as much from her perspective as from your own selfishness. Two key search terms are " dyspareunia (painful intercourse)" and "vulvodynia", although the latter strictly refers to vulval pain with no known cause whereas there are causes of pain during sex where the causes are known, eg endometriosis or lichen sclerosus.
Some day you will figure out a way to handle it. Don't know what the outcome will be but you will. It will be at the point when you know that you simply can't put up with it any more even despite the consequences of acting on it. Everyone has their own thresholds and their own circumstances, so there is no point anyone telling you what you should or shouldn't do. If it was within my power I would make it compulsory of part of pre-marriage counselling to ensure that a couple were compatible in all ways that are fundamental to a satisfactory relationship and that includes sexually.
Doesn't sound like there is anything to be seen through those rose-tinted glasses is she is a meths addict that sells her body to get a fix. &gt; Just a couple rats that ran into each other in the maze and didn't want to be alone
Get a consultation with a lawyer who specializes in divorce, especially one that specializes in divorce where one partner is a drug addict that sells her body for a fix. There is not just you in this situation, there are kids involved in this and there are child welfare issues involved. If child social services found out about it their attitude would be very different to yours.
It's taken her ten years to tell you that she's never liked anal sex. You talk about her as if she's an object for your gratification.
"Make me dinner". LOL. Eat shit.
In those sort of situations those who call you controlling are actually doing the controlling by gas-lighting you and making you feel guilty. It is, frankly, unforgivable inappropriate behaviour.
I wonder what her thoughts on the situation are compared to yours? It's none of my business but, really, it ought to be yours. I would not describe what you call communication, communication. It's a position statement that does not take the other side's position into consideration, or at least it seems that way. Maybe I'm wrong and it is actually all good but on the other hand...
I don't think your wife likes you. If that is the case, it's baffling why she is bothering to go see a doctor for LL. You sound as if you are at one another's throats, however you have reached that point.
Bottom line? You really can't expect there to be a compromise over sexual issues where there is such a fundamental difference between parties about sex. Compromise simply can't accommodate such a disparity. Besides you're talking about a compromise about frequency and not the nature of the sexual act. When you hate it the frequency of it is simply immaterial.
The classical answer to a woman who lives in any Western country would be to go see your doctor, this is not an uncommon problem and like any part of your body it can differ from women to woman. Some women have no significant hymen and others have a substantial one and most fall somewhere in between. If the trouble really is with your hymen and it won't stretch in any significant way, the only real answer is to find a sympathetic and understanding doctor who you can trust. In the West the likely answer might be carefully controlled surgical intervention that does not cause excess trauma. Using brute force would be considered as wholly inappropriate. In other situations women might be advised to use dilators which come in a range of sizes from small to, well, not small as a means to see whether they can assist with penetration issues. However, the advice would always be to seek medical advice and I appreciate that may be an issue for you in your culture, although I don't know for sure.
Why do relationships have to be such hard work, whether it be about sex or any other aspect of them? On the one hand you shouldn't be presumptive about a relationship and you should pay attention to them and to nurture them but on the other hand, when they reach the point of torture and abuse, what is the point?
I'm always puzzled when people ask "would I be wrong to ask for a divorce"? It always strikes me as an odd question as if there is some sort of independent arbiter or reference point for such a decision. It definitely sounds as if you're not happy and there is an inference in your post that your wife isn't happy either. What if both of you are looking for a way out but neither of you have the impetus to do what needs to be done? Major changes like that aren't easy for most people, and there is an implicit suggestion that they shouldn't be, but only you or her can decide if and when you make such a change to your life.
Is she free to leave from a practical perspective? Because if she is, it's difficult to see why she is hanging on in there, punishing you, punishing herself. To what end and to what resolution? Who can possibly want to live like that if you are just free to go?
A sad thing to hear but an important thing not to ignore. Can't help wondering whether it is in the genes or in the upbringing. Nothing to say that it can't be a bit of both. Just sad.
&gt; i started to care about myself more. I lost all my weight, I put on make up everyday, I look back to my old self. For goodness sake, the message here is always the same in respect of this issue, only ever do this for yourself, for your own self-esteem, self-respect. You don't owe it to him and it rarely resolves the issue anyway. Make it about you and only you, about being part of your own recovery. There's an old adage that like when you fly on a commercial flight, put on your own oxygen mask before attempting to help anyone else with putting on theirs. This is how you should treat yourself. Setting aside the complication of the porn, let's say that your period of illness did affect him, what now? Is it going to go on affecting him? Does he want to try to get over it? Because if he doesn't or can't then there is no point to continuing as you are from either his or your point of view. It simply can't go on forever and you can't be forever being in his debt seeing you through your illness. What may be an important emotional consideration is that he may instinctively fear you becoming ill again and having to go through that experience again and there may be an element of self-preservation in it but it's a hell-of-a-way to protect yourself. It had no serious merit. I would suggest talking to him again from the perspective of asking about the current groundhog day situation and the long-term future. You either move on together or you don't.
You can't imagine it until it happens and then you think,"WTF"?
Just a personal opinion,absolutely nothing at all. I really can't see the point of it unless you were an extreme narcissist. On a purely theoretical basis you could only refuse yourself. If you actually did the implications would be quite interesting. As a complete aside there is the phenomenon, auto-fellatio but, as they say, that is another topic altogether.
Treat your partner with respect. The sort of respect that you would want from her. Treat her not as your wife but as a person in her own right, with her own opinions that deserve to be heard, even if you don't agree with them. Be prepared to negotiate more with her about what she wants and what you want, don't just do it and expect it to be accepted. Be prepared to justify what you want and to be prepared to explain yourself more fully. Try not to show your irritation when she breaks into your space/time but be patient and explain why you need your time and space. If you both work from home and need the discipline of a set amount of time away from one another for practical purposes think of ways that you might be able to make that happen. Can you rent office space time by the hour anywhere? Could you establish your own work space within the grounds of your property that when you use it it is understood you should not be interrupted except in emergencies? Your wife, eventually, has to re-engage with you in a practical way too but she needs to see the benefits of doing so for herself as well as you. Consultation is not negotiation, negotiation is about making concessions. Treat her as an adult, as an equal. And confide in her about your problems, your worries, your past and tell her all about how it affects you now. Accept that sex won't come back until she is happy for you to be in her personal space and for her to be in your space. That is all about mutual trust and respect.
LOL. Wow."Not a thing". Just like that. Impressive.
So, who's going to initiate divorce proceedings first? Statistically-speaking, more women initiate divorce than men do but obviously there are no hard-and-fast rules about it.
Congratulations.
Surely as a mental health worker you realise that people who are so inflexible as your partner is can't be forced to change their attitude or behaviour? Leading a horse to water and all that? Basically, your partner is telling you, "This is it, like it or lump it". Frankly, I don't understand how you can love him but that is none of my business.
You're made of sterner stuff than that. Alright, it makes you cringe a bit, but your dick hasn't fallen off, so there is that. How does your wife feel about it? Was she embarrassed? Did she cringe? Or is she used to sticking tampons up her hoo-ha? If you're married to a woman and you're having sex with her you need to get used to women's anatomy and all that goes with it. How can you have sex WITHOUT knowing every detail, including about her periods? You'll get over it, just try to be a bit more "Oh dear, I guess that's life". BTW, she poos and pees just like you too, does that thought put you off too? Try to make a joke of it, you're still here to make a joke of it, after all. Next time ask her if she has anything to declare, like at customs.
No-one reading a post here can possibly know what does or doesn't go on between a couple based on a brief and often incomplete statement about the situation and as you say they shouldn't do so. Having said that, sometimes a poster will express such extreme opinions that it very hard not to jump to conclusions. I reckon the only way most posts should be responded to is by posing questions, questions that the poster may or may not have asked themselves, to reflect on their experience and ask themselves if their first perceptions should be their last perceptions. For example, you allude to some events in respect of your wife that you simply don't want to discuss, which is fair enough. You also state that you lost trust in your wife, again for reasons that you don't fully justify. That's fair enough too, but that may lead to people reading your post wondering whether your loss of trust was warranted, depending on what the undisclosed circumstances were. Also, it is possible to lose trust in someone else for all the wrong reasons but if you can't deal with that for whatever reason then the relationship is broken and often it is not feasible to expect one party to stay with it just because. Your experience is behind you and I guess you are reflecting on that now from your particular perspective. The question that you can always learn from that is to ask yourself what you learned about yourself in that situation and what you might still learn from it and how you can move forward in terms of perhaps becoming a more resilient person. That does not necessarily mean accepting what may have happened but asking yourself if you would change how you dealt with it in a way that would be advantageous to you.
You'll be relieved to know, none that I know of.
I won't respond to each of the points you raise, I've said all that I can say about the subject mostly in non-specific terms. The only overall observation is that if people wish to discuss their situation with strangers it doesn't matter how they frame it they will always get criticism; it goes with the territory. I once got a lengthy ban from this forum for giving a guy a piece of my mind for basically stating that he was entitled to fuck his wife when he wanted as he wanted because she had chosen to marry him. I react badly to that sort of provocative nonsense.
I can only agree with you on your final point. I don't know what your personal circumstances are regarding why he allegedly can't be candid with you. Ironically it may that what you've supposed to have been through is exactly why you need that openness. Nearly every expert on relationships will stress the importance of openness because if you have secrets no matter how well-intentioned, they will always be treated with suspicion simply because they are secrets. It could also be that the whole thing is a charade, an excuse. It sounds as if you will never know.
Just let him know that you're listening and that it isn't a problem for you listening, just like you would for anyone, family, friends that you care about.
Are you a first person witness in any way to any of this going back through history, not just in respect of this specific incident? If you are you can contribute in a personal capacity.
One arm's good. Let's not get down on people with only one arm. Plenty of them achieve more than those of us with two. Just sayin'.
Bloke says: "I don't know, never tried wearing one".
LOL. Good for you! Best not to expect rationality or logic from those sort of people as it kinda undermines the credo. Once they accept logic they're fucked.
It's the way you were born and the only thing that can fuck it up is either to treat yourself badly or for someone else treat you badly.
Don't sweat it, the size of your dick does not reliably correlate with your height, the size of your feet, the length of your forefinger or the length of your hair.
They're probably not finding anything wrong with the phone in physical terms. Compare the network configuration of the phone against your other network devices and also check how your gateway or router is handling the connection between itself and your phone. All sort of issues can degrade performance. If this is technically beyond you I'm afraid you are in a difficult position, like so many people.
When you consider all her other issues that you list I would have to agree that a vasectomy is unlikely to have any bearing on matters other than removing one of several possible issues, the rest maybe being as significant as unintentional pregnancy. If she is hostile or defensive to talking to you about it then there is basically nothing you can do that will influence events. It may be her depression is caused directly by the situation but you don't indicate that might be the case. If you can't really discuss the matter between you then counselling is unlikely to be useful because for it to be useful it requires both parties to look on it positively with a solution in mind that will make both happy. If you want a vasectomy for your own benefit no matter what the context because you simply don't want to be a father again then it makes perfect sense. You should do it for that reason alone. Thyroidism is a serious problem, in particular hypothyroidism, because it can cause utter lethargy and fatigue but it is treatable. However, general physical health and fitness and depression can cause a more insurmountable problem. Exercise is increasingly regarded as a useful approach to dealing with depression if for no other reason than it raises your physical capability to deal with what you face every day, whether physical or psychological, as well as raising the levels of useful hormones in the body. Having surplus physical capacity is so important to all of us in terms of just coping with day-to-day activity so that when the pressure temporarily rises we have a reserve to cope instead of struggling. Most of us probably don't give enough credence to that. This affects men as much as it does women.
Maybe you need to take the initiative and pull the trigger and do her a favour if she is just prevaricating? It doesn't sound as if there is going to be a positive turnaround from either of your perspectives. However, it is always nearly better if you can talk it out beforehand rather than it be a unilateral action.
Report it yourself. Don't presume to take it as your job to tell other people what they should or should not do. Consider yourself blocked for your arrogance.
Aww. That's sad. Like a lot of things, being single has both advantages and disadvantages as does being in a relationship with someone. Maybe being together, alone, is a solution for some?
I don't know if this is even an appropriate question, but who are you trying to please, yourself or your husband? If neither of you are that worried about sex, which you kinda suggest, is there even a problem? I am reading between the lines but it does sound a bit like the pair of you are trying to have sex on the basis of "Isn't that what married couples do"? Setting aside the very practical consideration of procreation, which you do not mention, then are you worrying too much? You don't say what your partner's views are. Do you actually know? Do you discuss sex and your problems or do you just try to overcome it/them by practically trying? Do you think that even now both you and your husband would benefit from proper sex education? I don't mean the bird-and-the-bees stuff but about physical sensation, libido, engendering sexual responses in a partner, responding to initiation, arousal, etc? There are a lot of useful publications promoted on this sub although many deal with specific sexual relationship issues rather than address an issue where someone worries that they simply don't know anything. You and your partner are basically two adults who never went through the awkward teenage fumbling phase and assume that you should be sexually 'born' as the full product, to be able to run before you can crawl. You maybe first need to set yourselves reasonable objectives to start and PiV sex is definitely not it. Learning to be naked together and taking it for granted would be one useful starting point. Do you sleep naked together? Would you ever dream of having breakfast around the kitchen table while naked? Do you shower together, ever? Learning to just get used to briefly sensuously or erotically or even just casually touching one another while you are both clothed and going about your normal daily activities at home is important. Learning to physically interact in public is important, holding hands, briefly touching one another's butts, simple kisses in public; it all gives you confidence and a more natural response to one another. Learning to sensuously stroke one another all over your naked bodies is also useful. Learning to be relaxed while your partner simply examines and touches your sexual organs is another. Learning to simply masturbate yourself is another, if you've never done it. Eventually learning to masturbate one another is very useful because it teaches you about your partners physical triggers and responses, about their audible and visual cues. That is really essential. You have a lot to catch up on compared to some of your peers, don't try to be on their supposed level because you instinctively think that is what is expected of you. Take the pressure off yourselves. Make a tacit or even explicit agreement between you about what you're going to do. This is strictly between you and him. Agreeing an appropriate approach and methodology alone can ease a lot of the anxiety involved. And if he is more experienced than you simply ask him to come back to your level before you move forward. If he is thoughtful, insightful and empathetic he will get it and he will understand that it is not only in your interest but in his too. Get on the Internet and search out "sex education for adults" (inc quotes)^1 and refine your search for practical advice for practical sex. And romance too. Making love and fucking can be both the same thing but also two separate phenomenons. It can be one thing, one day and the other the next day and it is perfectly acceptable to swap the two states of what are essentially your mind, your emotions, your psyche backwards and forwards. Neither is right or wrong, they just are. Self-imposing external moralising on your sex life is just so self-defeating. The people who have the best sex are those who tacitly accept that all sex is good as long as it is safe and it is consensual. Your sex is your sex and no-one else's. Don't let other voices tell you otherwise. One other thought. Sometimes the subject of "Sensate Focus" is mentioned on this forum to people like you. Search that out too. Remember, everyone is or was a learner one time. It is natural, inevitable and there is no shame or guilt in it. You aren't born with sexual skills or attitudes, they have to be learnt and you just haven't learnt yet and you simply can't rush it, you have to find your own pace. 1. Gen up on Google search techniques to narrow your search focus. Edit: PS. Remember, above **all** else sex is fun. If it isn't fun it isn't sex.
People on the forum talk about libido a lot, LL, HL and all the variations of that. While it is important, human behaviour, including sexual behaviour is, unfortunately, rather more complex than that. You can have what I call a baseline libido, lets say determined by your biochemistry that is then complicated by all sort of environmental and psychological factors, your state of physical health and fitness, your state of mind both psychologically and emotionally. When he rubs one out quickly to a bit of porn whether that be you or some stranger contorting on-screen that is predominantly a primitive physical release. Thinking about that objectively does it enamour you that he might have sex with you just so that he can rub one out? Ask yourself this; why do you want sex? Why do you want it as often as you do? Why does he want sex on the occasions that he actually does? Do you know? Do you think you ought to know? It may be that no matter how much you love him that you are in some fundamental way sexually incompatible with one another. That's a convo that comes up a lot in the forum too, but what does it actually mean? It is often used in the context of the frequency two people seem to innately want to engage in sex with one another, but is that all that it is about? You also have to try to be fair on yourself. If you are thinking that he is just not actually sexually attracted to you, do you think that is a reasonable, balanced assumption to come to about yourself or is it just as likely that it is an issue between you rather than something solely to do with you? One of the biggest obstacles people seem to have is being both honest and fully forthcoming with one another. Sometimes that can be because they are trying to hide something but more often it's because they just find it too difficult to talk about or because they want to avoid upsetting the other person (it's not you, it's me) or because they find it too stressful (I'll do something about it). It's sometimes amazing how persistent some people will be in avoiding talking about it, years sometimes.
Obviously I'm no expert. All I am trying to do is to encourage him not to jump to conclusions based on his level of knowledge either. I can appreciate the level of anguish and dismay, even anger that may be involved but all-in-all he will know what is what soon enough. If he says to her that it can't be him and that the people who should know tell him that there is no other way to catch it other than some variation of sexual contact then she is just going to have to fess up, it would be ridiculous to maintain a position of denial. If there is one thing that you learn as a result of surviving for decades is that we humans always have the capacity to surprise you with how we can screw up our lives, ie in ways that you can't even dream of. You think you've heard it all but you really haven't. NB. As an aside, when I searched for answers to the question "How long can you remain asymptomatic", I couldn't find a single direct response to the question. It was almost as if the question was being ignored or avoided. Really odd.
Does the thought ever cross your mind how many people like you, in your sort of position, there are out there, who don't know this discussion forum even exists and even if they do, would never dream in a million years of writing their story here? Even now there could be someone reading your story and thinking "Hey, that's me, that my situation" and you will never know because they're not going to tell you. Excuse the ridiculously long first sentence!
I don't know to be honest and I feel awkward at talking across the OPs post as if he were in the room but we were ignoring him. It's a bit impolite. LOL. Just hope he finds the right thing to do in the circumstances.
Just as long as she doesn't twist... | #AtHerMercy
Let me be very clear about this. As a woman you are not your tits. Period. I'm not kidding or being crude about it. As a man, it actually makes me angry that another man is taking his insecurity out on you to the extent that he is making you feel disgusted about youself. I don't know whether you've always felt like this about your body or not or it is only since you met him but what he is doing is wrong. He is effectively objectifying you, reducing you to an issue about your tits. I guess it probably doesn't help that if you go out in public if other men gawk at you like you were some sort of freak but irrespective he should be morally and emotionally supporting you and doing his level best to make you feel better about yourself and help you deal with the rest of the world. I fully support women who are at odds with their breasts because they are simply too big, that it causes them physical health problems such as chronic back pain. However, if that is not an issue having surgery is not a trivial issue and it can always go wrong. It is something that should not be entered into lightly and I would always encourage a woman to seek counselling before going ahead with it. If you find afterwards that you've made a mistake doing anything about it is really difficult because you can't ever be put back to be where you were. Let's say you have the surgery and then you fall out with him. How are you going to feel? If you were still okay with your decision then that is fine but if you had regrets about doing it I think that would be very damaging. Look, you probably won't agree with me but I don't think this man is right for you, he is not good for you. I would encourage you to think about that long and hard, talk to friends you can trust about it. In the meantime try to feel better about yourself. Nature has dealt you the hand it has and there is nothing inherently wrong with you. Think of other women just like you and how you might spiritually support one another. Stand your ground. Be proud.
Just watch out that it doesn't reach the point that he feels that he's just there to service you. Unfortunately, it can happen. The causes usually involve more than just the frequency and duration of sex but it is a factor.
But, don't you remember?
Accusing you of cheating is also a way of deflecting and putting you off asking or bringing the subject up. The level of hostility is dialled into the relationship between you, you know it is coming EVERY TIME.
Consider whether you can go to the rally simply as your mother's carer. You don't have to wear emblems or badges, you don't have to shout or chant in support. Think about it as if a paid carer was going with her and not you. Try to think about it as being supporting your mother alone and not supporting the cause that she is supporting. Don't be afraid to tell her that is the basis that you will do it and that she will have to accept those terms and that you respect one another's point of view even if you don't agree with it.
It seems you have more than one problem to deal with. His fear of a vasectomy and his low sex drive or avoidance of sex. There are some scare stories around about vasectomy, unfortunately, mostly to do with chronic pain caused by "seminal congestion" which doctors will tell you is bullshit pseudo-science. The actual procedure itself is minimally invasive, done under local anaesthesia. It may leave him feeling a bit sore with occasional low-level pain for a couple of weeks but not anything more than that. Otherwise, after a while he'll forget all about it apart from having to take a wank every so often until tests prove he's not producing sperm any more, usually about 3 months after. After that it will become part of his history. Is he an anxious personality type? As far as the DB is concerned, well, I think you need to simplify matters by trying to get the vasectomy out of the way. If he has it, notwithstanding having to use another method of contraception sex has to be avoided for at least 3 months, not that you would want to use that as a selling point. I don't know, have you any idea why he avoids sex? Is it practical to address the issue? I mean no matter what he shouldn't be calling you frigid, it doesn't help anyone. You both need to find a way to dial down the inter-personal hostility or it is going to end in tears when it is potentially avoidable. You both just need to try to be less hostile towards one another while standing up for yourselves. It is possible if handled in the right way and destroying your relationship is avoidable and unnecessary, but it takes both of you want to achieve that. Time to agree a truce and work forward from that. Stop snarling at one another, stop point-scoring. Listen to one another.
All hail the mini-penis! Let's here it for clitorises the world over. Without them where would the world be?
I think counselling can help but only if both of you genuinely believe that it can help yourselves before it can help one another. It is important that neither of you see the counselling as a way to settle a dispute, to ask a third party to act as referee or judge. I would suggest that maybe you both sit down and have a casual, relaxed chat about conflict management. There are some book suggested in the forum and it is also worth both of you finding your own material and reading it, even suggesting material to one another. If he is anxious personality type being supportive rather than adversarial is much more productive. Anxiety personality types usually want to avoid conflict. They may not have the confidence to handle conflict in a skilful way but it is possible for everyone to improve how they handle and negotiate conflict and it is a skill that you can apply in so many other areas of your life so it's worthwhile for other reasons other than this immediate issue. If I was to make one suggestion it would be lead conversations with questions. Constructive questions asked in a friendly, non-hostile way, asking for input in a meaningful way. Questions asked in the wrong way can be just as bad as barking commands or issuing ultimatums. Steer away from hostility and confrontation. For example, have you ever asked him whether he feels anxious when you get into a tense situation? Ask him about how he feels in that situation. Ask him whether he feels that you are putting too much pressure on him. That sort of approach. Put it another way, it is possible to develop your own diplomatic and counselling skills, they aren't just for paid professionals. Making people aware that you are aware is a very important life skill.
A Magic Wand and bickering spouses can be an explosive mixture. Every woman deserves the sex toy(s) of their choice and no adequate man should see it as a threat because if nothing else you can't shout abuse at a Magic Wand and expect abuse back. Well, you can try but the prospects are poor. I'm glad you enjoyed it especially if it released your inner sexual demon, everyone deserves that. Does he know? Will he get to know? Think about the pleasure of a willing partner using a Magic Wand on you while you just lie back and squirm in ecstasy. Surely better than ice cream and chocolate.
LOL. It's unlikely they've died but they may have fallen asleep on the job. What works for you when you work on yourself notwithstanding that it can't be oral unless you are uniquely flexible? I mean, if you masturbate, what might translate into oral for you? Different women have different needs whether it comes to oral sex or anything else. Can you communicate your needs to a sexual partner without it being too awkward or unnatural?
I'm afraid there are a minority of women who are prepared to do that. Did she know you were well-off when you first met? Frankly, I would make your excuses and withdraw and seek pastures new. Not all women are like that but you need to box clever when it comes to assessing the best way to meet someone appropriate, who is a more of a fit for you. They do exist. As the old cliche goes, you can't buy love.
I can understand the tiredness given her schedule but nevertheless I would hazard a guess that irrespective of that she doesn't place the dame significance on sex as you do and probably never will. You should factor that in when considering future decisions. The difference in desire for sex is making you incompatible.
If you're consulting a lawyer soon then there is no point in anyone saying anything else about what you've said. As the saying goes you've stuck a fork in it and that is that. It is interesting that she thinks that she is just a vagina to you. Do you think that is a genuine feeling or do you think it is just so much exaggeration?
Depression can make you lose perspective and the sense of proportionality because you feel there is no way to be in control, that events control you. In many instances that can be substantially true but it is still worth taking a pit-stop every so often and asking yourself questions that challenge the status quo you have instinctively adopted. Maybe "angry" isn't quite the right word but "indignant" or "offended" or even "righteous" might be along the right lines, standing up for yourself, not in an aggressive manner but in an assertive manner. You can't make someone else do something they don't want to and it is best that you avoid doing so, but you can always make yourself do something, other than accept things as they are.
Try to talking about it from her perspective rather than yours, eg what is stopping her. Try to talk easy, light-hearted about it, make fun of it, sex should just be a bit of fun, a good laugh.
Simple cowardice and fragile egos I'm afraid. Some people evolve away from it as they mature and others don't. It helps if you realize you are vulnerable to doing it and front up to it. It's an unpleasant experience but a personality developing one if you can bring yourself to deal with it appropriately.
Any idea what size he is erect? Length? Girth? IOW, is he at least average? How open is he to discussing sex? How fragile do you think his ego is likely to be?
Well, 5" is typical. If it's strong enough it can stir the pot, so to speak. I would suggest angles that would force him to approach from an angle that is not straight-on. I would also encourage him to move his hips while he is thrusting. I would also encourage him to mix it up, slow strokes, fast strokes, slamming home from a slow stroke. He needs to use his imagination and you can encourage him to do so. You could also introduce a vibe for clitoral stim and pen. Bottom line if he has a fragile ego as a result the he has failed the 'test' is sex is not about preserving his male ego, it's about TWO people having exhilarating fun TOGETHER. You could tell him that you need the help of a vibe. If he starts a strop just stop him and explain the facts of life to him in a mature and sensible way. If he persists be grateful that you found out this early. As a really old fart I appreciate it when technology can lend a helping hand and make my life easier. Having an ego is an indulgence most of us can't afford.
You can't possibly know what to do with it 3 hours after the event. Take a holding position by acknowledging the email and reserving time for yourself to assimilate it.
RELAX! One of you has to. Don't invest so much of yourself in this one potential relationship. It is just wrong, you would be better off being single for the rest of your life than get into a wrong relationship. You maybe can't accept that right now but when you're old enough you'll eventually get it because your experience will shift your perspective. Park your kinks for the moment, one step at a time. Your worries right now are with the basics. Some men run scared from 'forward' women for all too obvious reasons but there are men who can't believe their luck meeting a woman who is confident, including about sex. Being confident is not usually an issue, how you might convey your confidence is more likely to be eg if you're impatient, critical or downright nasty. Confidence should beget assertiveness, it should not beget aggressiveness. You can start the conversation really simply by asking "Do you find it easy to talk about sex"? You don't need to lead with this question, you can lead up to it by asking a more innocent question like "Do you find it easy to talk to other people?" or "Do you find it difficult to talk about yourself"? How would you have conversations with girlfriends? That's how you speak to those aliens; men. Friends first, sex partners later.
I notice you didn't answer the question. Never mind. She sounds like an all-round Moaning Minnie. Does she moan at everyone else? People like that lose perspective on themselves, on life. We all moan too much but most of us can pull ourselves in every so often before it gets out of hand, other don't. Is she really down on herself? Would you say there is any aspect of depression or anxiety in her make-up? It sounds as if she has a masochistic will to do herself in. I don't mean suicide, just irreparable self-damage.
Try putting in just enough water to create a loose smooth paste and stir it with a spoon to blend it together. You'll then find it easier to blend in the rest of the liquid you want. Kitchen 101.
When the revolution comes avocado is going to be banned. No more guacamole. You won't even be able to buy a bathroom suite in "avocado". Yes, and while we're at it; cranberries. No more sneaking bloody cranberries into absolutely everything.
'Sid' has illegal firearms does he? What does he use them for, poaching?
Just for the record. Does it purr? Does it lick faces?
You seem to know instinctively what you are doing. You've made her feel safe while she adjusts to a new reality. Sort out the guardianship and seek out local support groups/orgs for teenage LGBTQ folk. They'll be out there. Support her to become a confident and accomplished adult.
You're never 52! Get away with you!
As a man, if a woman tells me she doesn't want sex then she doesn't want sex, the context doesn't matter and I would not be entitled to interpret it any other way. I might as well tell you that you obviously don't know what you're saying which would be a very off approach, to put it mildly. It has tones of "You know that you want it".
I learn something new every day.
He dry-heaved? LOL. He sounds like a real delicate flower, a real snowflake, but don't go telling him that. Seriously, is he sensitive in other ways, like are there foodstuffs he wont eat or at least try once? Use praise and encouragement to get his va-va-voom up-and-going. If you are his first sexual partner and you've only been married 7 months then give him a chance. Encourage him to move forward slowly but surely and to build his confidence and to learn that if he eats you out that he isn't going to die. Some aspects of life just require you to take a deep breath and step up to the mark. Get him to start with your kitty by learning to expertly handle it, digitally manipulate it, and to get his nose and eyes down at close quarter. Does he think his dick is an aesthetic wonder?
First question first, where are we going?
Well, if you will hit your son with a car, reciprocation with a table seems reasonable and proportional.
Those eggs look as if they've been annihilated. Not so much cooked as sterilized.
Gif-teasing. It's a recognized phenomenon and should be outlawed by UN conventions on torture and inhumane treatment.
Your best friend Chad hit him? Is that the same person as the notorious Hanging Chad?
Oh don't get your knickers in a twist. Everyone is becoming a snowflake these days, becoming unable to cope with even the slightest criticism even if made tongue-in-cheek. I'm sure the OP already realizes and is determined to do better the next time.
Cook! Don't mind my asshole comment. If that is your first attempt don't worry, everybody gets eggs wrong the first time, myself included, though it's so long ago I can't remember it exactly. The best way to learn to cook is trial-and-error because there are so many variables involved. And there is more fun and satisfaction by experimenting. Everybody has their own way of doing scrambled eggs, don't let anyone tell you that there is only one way to do it. I favour doing mine in a microwave which will horrify the purists but it works for me so I don't care. First thing you will have learnt with your effort is that eggs keep on cooking even after you remove them from the heat. This is because of the heat retained in your cooking receptacle and in the eggs themselves. So, you have to take them off the heat before they're fully cooked and if you are inexperienced that can take some nerve because you're afraid that you will under-cook them but at least with eggs you can tell by just looking at them. You can always put them back on to cook a bit more, you can't 'uncook' them. So, if in doubt take off heat too early rather than too late. That advice applies to virtually any food where the time spent cooking is critical. The most exacting form of cooking is baking for that reason. Even when cooking steaks you need to take them off the heat before they are fully cooked as they keep on cooking but because they are browned on the outside it is difficult to know how well they're cooked inside, raw/medium/well-done. The one thing is that you should always have some blood or juices coming out of it in the pan. If there's none then it will be like eating tyre rubber. I gave up cooking eggs in a pan because I got fed up having to constantly stir them in the pan to stop them sticking, even in a non-stick pan. I cook mine in a Pyrex jug in the microwave or in a borosilicate glass container for the science nerds out there. Even then you can turn eggs into something that resembles a rubber super-ball if you don't go carefully, in fact even quicker than you can in a pan. Setting the microwave to lower power makes no difference because microwaves don't actually reduce their power at lower settings, they aren't capable of doing that. All they do is switch the microwave on and off in a timed cycle. Scrambled eggs in a microwave need to be regularly stirred because they cook unevenly just as they do in a pan so you can't just set the microwave and leave it alone until they're fully cooked. You have to take them out and stir/break them up ideally with a small whisk. Again, you have to stop cooking them before they're fully cooked because they continue to cook in their own heat for a while. Depending on how many I'm cooking and what else I'm adding eg milk, butter, I will maybe start off with a min on full power to warm the liquid eggs up so that the jug feels warm and there is a bit of steam coming off them. Then I will cook them for no more than 30 secs before taking them out and whisking them, reducing the time interval as they get stiffer, maybe 20 secs, 10 secs or even as little as 5 secs at the very end. Again never fully cooking them. They will continue cooking in the jug. Sticking a small plate on top of the jug to keep them warm before you serve them is also helpful. With a bit of trial and error you will find out what does or doesn't work and what's more you will find out when exact quantities of ingredients matters or not or whether you can vary them according to your own preferences. Again, with baking, proportions are usually pretty critical. You need to stick to recipes for that but most other forms of cooking you can pave your own path, within reason, of course.
LOL. Neither do I but you are streets ahead of me so I guess it's all relative. You are looking good nevertheless.
I'm looking at your cat and wondering whether it would have regrets if it tried a mouthful.
That's an interesting question that I've never considered from a male perspective looking at it from the female perspective. I would assume that using lube would be the woman's prerogative because it is the woman's need for it, rather than the man's. I think I would still think it is the woman's call because if she needs it in the first place then it is for her to determine when too much is too much. But other opinions may be valid. It's a tedious statement of the obvious but a compromise would seem to be in order. Is Astroglide water-based or non-water-based or a hybrid? I can't remember. Purely water-based lubes have a tendency to 'wear out' sooner than later. Is he using lube to try to avoid PE?
I too think quitting work could be a big mistake for her if it allows her to determine her own independence, her own personality, her own financial independence. I think that is important for most women irrespective and all other things being equal is beneficial to the men in their lives for too many reasons to go into. But that is just in principle and if a particular job is doing her head in then I can appreciate the arguments against that. She may need help with that. Look, the issue of women being consumed by motherhood and losing focus on their femininity is not that unusual. If you search through the posts in this group it pops up every so often. However, it doesn't have to be unsurmountable. If your kid is still sleeping in your bed then that is a factor. You've got to be patient about that. Bottom line are you sure you are handling this in the right way or do you think you are pissing her off even more in the way you are dealing with it? It is important that you are honest with yourself about that. The bottom bottom line is that there is no substitute for talking about it but talking about it in the wrong way can end up with things only being worse, not better. The key to communication is listening, not talking, and in listening making sure you are understanding correctly and making it clear to your partner that you are getting the message correctly. There is nothing more frustrating or infuriating if your partner is left with the feeling that you just don't get it. As things stand, do you think you're up to that?
You can't break up with someone without hurting their feelings, it just isn't possible. Your real problem is that she has finished with this other man but she is still living in the same dwelling. Would she have finished with him anyway? Was she looking for an opportunity to finish with him by moving on with someone else? I don't know. Irrespective of the details of how you've got to the point where you are right now, you do owe her honesty now that you realize that your feelings have either changed or have just become clearer. It would not be fair or responsible to continue to string her along now that your mind is clearer on the subject. You can't avoid it. Whatever you do, show that you care about her as a person. Avoiding hurting her feelings is not the way to do it. Finish it but leave it open that if she wants to be a friend or just someone to talk to then that will be okay. Given her feelings for you it is unlikely that she will take up such an offer.
You sound like you really can't make your mind up. That probably comes from separate directions, different considerations. It might just be best to put it to her in those terms. Prompt honesty is always the best option even if it isn't the ideal.
On the other hand you did have a nice DSLR camera. Yup, it happens.
The whole of life is shaped by a pecking order. If you're at the top you take it for granted. If you're at the bottom it's grim. Either way, you can't avoid it, even if you want to.
Getting back into sex, or getting back into sex with him? Do you ever think about other men, even famous people who you know you will never have sex with? You can still have a libido, albeit one that is dormant while not wanting sex. Does your instinct leave you feeling that he wants sex but not especially sex with you? Does he try to seduce you, make you feel wanted, desirable? Or does he just suddenly say "How about it"? These questions may not be relevant to you but they are typical of how you might think differently about the issue from how you are thinking about it now.
I thought you might tell me that. It may well be as simple as that. On the other hand, sometimes people's behaviour requires closer examination. Your partner may be a great father at all the things that are great about being a father but that does not preclude him from not wanting the aspects of fatherhood that aren't anywhere as near attractive. Also, young children may be hard work but they don't and won't challenge you the way an adult would. There could be all sorts of things going on, things you might be able to do something about but you probably will never find out about them.
Look for support shoes and check your gait for over or under-pronation (supination). Typically, you would expect someone who was flat-footed to pronate but it isn't always the case. Other factors can affect that eg legs, knees, hips. Unless you've got really expensive shoes replace the standard insoles with something more supportive and cushioning, although avoid insoles that are made from heavy high density foam because after a few miles it will feel like your swinging two lead weights at the end of your feet. Consider the surfaces you are running on. Concrete is the hardest surface to run on, followed by asphalt and then unhardened surfaces. Also, transverse inclines, slopes, cambers can be hard on joints because your landing impact is uneven. As always, carrying spare is always a bummer. The sooner you lose it the better things will be. You might also need to take a look at your foot strike to see whether it has having an adverse affect; heel first or forefoot first. Sounds as if you are suffering from shin splints (tibial pain). If that gets really bad it can stop you altogether and take a while to recover from. A number of the factors I mention above may be causing it. Consider addressing them all if you want a solution.
He's not listening, he's ignoring you. Tell him absolutely no sex until he treats you fairly. Don't be ambiguous about it. It's for his own good in the long run. Put it to him as bluntly as that.
Was it advertised as being surgical stainless steel? That is the only acceptable metal material or titanium or plastics. Anything else is a scam.
SSS is especially designed with low Levels of nickel to be hypoallergenic. Hence why it can be used for hip joint replacements, etc. $45 for what you got is a lot of money for not very much, allergy-aside. If there is a review feature you ought to leave a warning to others.
If you can't wank fully hard it sounds as if you have the beginnings of a classical physical ED problem. It could be due to medication or a medical condition. Do you get morning wood? If you do it could be in your mind. If you suspect it is physical you should go see your doc and have blood tests done.
Sign up on Tindr and see if she is right.
So, obvious question, does SHE get to taste it in pursuit of your pleasure? Sure, no-on should be compelled to do something they don't want to but on the other hand there is the question of equity. Anyways, TEXASBIGDOG should do as TEXASBIGDOG says, if you get my drift. If you've never tried it, etc, etc.
Fair enough. At least you have an idea what is the cause of it. All you have to do is to think about it more extensively and rationally. Thinking it is gay is probably coming straight out of masculine conditioning, about what men are or aren't supposed to do. You might want to think about that. Is the stereotype in any way realistic or is it wrong in specific respects? Is it constraining you from being who you are or want to be in terms of your own preferences of defining your manhood? Do you want to be strongly associated with the stereotypes whether it is real or not? Personally, I would look at it like I was reabsorbing part of myself, just the same way I would suck blood from a cut on a finger. Wouldn't give that a second thought. My own semen? Came out of my own dick, so why not? I'm not sucking another guy's cock or consuming his semen any more than I would suck his blood. Having said that if a mate was with you when he was bitten by a snake, let's say on the butt, what would you do? So, context also has something to do with it too. This is a sexual context, but not a gay sexual context. The more you think about it does it seem to have more or less gay or emasculating connotations? I would look at it as being something to do just to demonstrate that you won't be cowed by the notion that if anyone else knew they would call you gay. You know what you are or aren't, worrying about what others might think of you or call you is arguably a sign of a lack of confidence in yourself. You'll figure it out. All I can tell you is that as you get older you let these things worry you less and worry less about what others think of you because you realize it is the only way to survive, to live with yourself. Others can't live your life for you, and broadening your experiences is psychologically and emotionally enlightening and uplifting.
Funny you mention that he is going to become a cop. I met a guy like that several years ago who basically liked to be the centre of attention by proving what an asshole he was. Male or female, it didn't matter what the audience was or what the subject was, he would be as rude and as provocative as possible. And yes, he was a police college trainee. The police and armed forces do attract those character types. I never engaged with him once and I noticed how many people blanked him.
Because of childhood experiences with impatient dentists not giving local anaesthetics enough time to take affect I had a bad attitude about dentists for a long time. However, as an adult I've had much better experiences. The last tooth I had pulled I didn't experience any pain at all which in a way was rather weird because I innately expected there to be pain associated with such brutal force. Also, I think that the dentists I have experienced over the past 10 to 20 years seem to be better at applying local anaesthetics than I used to remember. I remember one female dentist whose hand was so steady I was barely aware when she inserted the needle. Sure there is some discomfort, even a little pain but no worse than I've inflicted on myself too many times. I think the problem is that you worry that you have no control over any pain that you might experience, that you cannot stop it if you feel you need to. I also exercise some simple mind control while in the seat. Deliberately experiencing on something else, relaxing my muscles and deliberately concentrating on relaxing them again when I subconsciously tense them again. I also focus on keeping my breathing as easy, smooth and as full as possible and focus on avoiding holding my breath. There are places where there are dentists who specialize in treating patients with serious dental phobia, who can talk them through the procedure, put them at their ease, gain their confidence, agree on a hand signal if they want to pause during the procedure. Have you tried to seek out any dentists like that? Pain, to some degree is something that you can master. In a perverse way you already have by putting off the inevitable for so long. You've just reached the end of that particular path and it's time to take another one, but you can still manage it to a large degree. You are not a prisoner of what you have to go through, you have to give your consent and you can withdraw it at any point. If you have to go through general anaesthesia because of the extent of the surgery then it is essential that any anaesthesiologist must know of your family history and immediate recovery facilities have to be available which is unlikely outside a hospital setting in a average dental surgery. Is it too late to do anything about your concern about being overweight? You need to do your utmost to take control of the situation, be heard by those treating you. Speak up for yourself, voice your fears, it won't be the first time they will have heard it. Be calm but assertive, adamant but polite. Impose yourself on the situation.
There really isn't anything anyone can suggest other than that she should maybe go see a doctor. Genital pain is such a complex issue for women and it's cause can be so diverse that without a thorough case analysis, history taken, etc it is impossible to say anything concrete. As the owner of her own body and her pain she should know what is what better than anybody but that is not guaranteed. I would presume that she has said what she thinks should happen next so I would look to her for guidance. Listen to what she has to say. Edit. If you've only been seeing her for two weeks and you have had sex twice in that time has enough time lapsed between her infection on the first occasion and having sex the second time for her to have healed from any tissue trauma since then?
As someone who is uncirc'd I can only go by what I read. In summary, whether a man is affected by circumcision seems to be something of a lottery. Some seem to be unaffected by it to the extent that they still duffer from PE and other men are very bitter about something that was done to them within their childhood and will even go to the extreme of "regrowing" a foreskin. The issue centres around a process called keratinization, which is what the "foreskin growers" are trying to reverse, but even uncir'd men can develop that over time. Society is used to women having arousal and other sexual complications but the fact that men might also have such problems doesn't get anywhere the same attention. Statistically, it is still more likely that the loss of libido is psychologically induced. Is there any possible other medical or medication issue that might explain his loss of libido?
If I was doing a fast-food job and thought I was capable of doing better if given half a chance then I would be depressed. Do you think he's giving himself half a chance no matter where he is? If he's got ADHD I sympathize with him. The ability to focus is so crucial in life for all sorts of reasons. Depression is only likely to make it worse. I wouldn't criticize you for your PoV, there is no reason why you should be expected to carry him. He needs to take a step back from himself and ask himself what his options are and what the best of them are, even if they're all crap. No matter how shit life is, it can always get worse.
&gt;he stopped his meds for depression/anxiety cold turkey Naughty boy! What on earth did he do that for? Do you think it is still affecting him or do you think he is in the grips of the depression and anxiety? Is sex a form of therapy for your state of mind? I would maybe suggest therapy for him, rather than counselling. Drugs for depression or anxiety are renown for causing loss of libido and ED, but sometimes they are essential. Psychologically, depression and the pharmaceutical treatment for it is a damned if you do, damned if you don't dilemma.
Id he was a problem or problems working on yourself is never going to fix anything, other than maybe making you feel a bit better about yourself. What is/are his issue(s)?
We all have a social duty to hate Valentine's Day. After all it is purely an invention of Hallmark. When the revolution comes, I'm putting them up against the wall for crimes against humanity.
Go to Popusas, User Settings, Notifications and just switch everything off.
Wild guess on my part, she doesn't enjoy sex with you, all other things being equal. If she doesn't enjoy sex for her own sake, you are on a hiding to nothing. The question is, does she not enjoy sex, period, or does she not enjoy sex with you? That is a question that you might not like to ask but it might be a question that you need to know the answer to. Would you have sex with someone if you didn't like it? I would agree that giving up work and what it might mean to her may well be a demotivating factor. You need to have an honest conversation where questions are asked that neither of you might like to be asked or that neither of you might like the answer to.
It seems to me that with the help of the therapy you know what the problem is and what the possible answers are but on your own admission you don't have the patience for it and maybe resent the onus being on you to make 'sacrifices'. The question is do you have better options? What do you want? A possible resolution, no guarantees, or to be righteously in the right? Bottom line as things presently stand between you would you have sex with you? I don't know but you really owe it to yourself to address that question. Is the resentment eating you alive? Is your wife's resentment as bad as yours?
&gt;The thing is, I'm not sure if I should keep seeing this guy I think you've just answered your own question in the rest of your post. I get it that when some women complain that when they have sex with some men that they don't give a flying fig for their pleasure and it's good when men get that message and take it on board, but it is another issue altogether when they take it on as a personal mission and hence a personal insult if you don't play along with "the new rules of the game". This guy has lost the plot, lost focus on what the message is really about, that it is about the process, the effort, not the outcome. If he has made the effort, for your sake, because he cares, then all and good, but he's making it about him and that's where he is going off the rails. Above all else, sex should be fun, it should be an enjoyable experience and he's determined that it is going to be nothing of the sort. Instead it is supposed to be a personal triumph, another notch on his belt. He's the sort of guy you could end up having an orgasm with and still not like the experience, certainly not now that he's flounced off in a girly huff. If he really cared about the issue, about you, he would have a polite, caring, inquisitive and nuanced chat with you about it long after the actual event is so much water under the bridge but he couldn't, wouldn't do that. Instead he went off to have a wee sulk by himself. Self-centred or what? Whatever you do, make a better decision than he did.
Oh, he's ***good***! Instead of throwing a sulk or a hissy fit, or just blanking you, or saying he'll work on it, or just flying into a rage, he deflects from the issue, disarms you by making you laugh. He is ***good***, isn't he? All that's means is that you have to up your game: "LOL and all that, but listen, seriously though, I'm telling you it's good sex instead of laughs or nothing else".
Make friends with everyone. Share your largesse on a wide basis. Build in redundancy and fail-safe mechanisms. You know it makes sense.
Is he going to be surprised? If he is he qualifies as a number one prize tit. That is all.
It might be suspicious or it could be she knows she is being tracked and just gets pissed off with it. Who knows really?
Take what little consolation there is in the sobering realization that you won't be the first to hear that line of bullshit , nor the last. Pathetic really but why would you waste energy thinking about it?
Do you believe that you are withholding crucial information from him that would affect his decision-making? It doesn't seem you are to me but only you can be the judge of that and it seems that because of your own recent experiences you are particularly sensitive to that at present.
No. Tpically the shape, length, thickness, appearance of your dick is down to random variation, just as it is with virtually every other physical characteristic.
On average it takes women significantly longer to reach the orgasmic plateau although there is a large degree of individual variation for reasons that are too complex to get into here. Some 70% of women report they cannot orgasm from penetrative sex alone. A couple that has an interest in orgasmic equality (not synchronicity) need to factor this very simple fact when considering the sexual practices they adopt. Orgasm doesn't have to be the ultimate purpose of sex but if it is within reach by thoughtful adaption of more sexual techniques it can be all the better for it. Men should accept that there is usually a discrepancy between how long it takes women and men to orgasm and should see the sense in adopting additional sexual techniques to help their sexual partner orgasm and to make their own experiences easier and more successful. Sex is a team game.
Then you've answered your question. Relax.
It sounds as if you are sexually incompatible and he is unlikely to move in your direction. He will probably experience regret over his lack of flexibility of mind and inability or unwillingness to expand his knowledge and expertise but sometimes people won't learn by being forewarned and have to learn the hard way. Sometimes they don't learn even then. Some people are incredibly stubborn.
You'll do for whoever fancies you. LOL. As long as the mind matches the body.
LOL. Sounds like a horrendously bad idea. He's trying to demonstrate how macho and on top of things he is. This is immature, inauthentic and superficial behaviour. It's virtue signalling of the worst kind, not involving your partner in what has to be a joint decision for it to be successful. It sounds like your instincts are telling you this is a situation that you have no influence or control over and your rational self is telling you this is not good.
This "fogginess" she describes sounds like it might be a distinct symptom in its own right. The trap doctors can fall into too often is that they automatically associate a problem with another significant medical event. That can then be compounded if their patient has a condition that they rarely see. They still have to do the obligatory routine tests to eliminate the obvious. After that the head-scratching starts. The important thing is that you have to be prepared to be your own advocate, being persistent. It might help if your wife can be more descriptive about this fogginess eg does she feel dizzy or nauseous at any time, is her balance ever affected, does she ever feel people's voices sound different, does she feel more tired, irritated, does it seem worse when she is standing compared to when she is sitting or lying down.
Wait until you do end up sobbing, that will be truly special. Women can orgasm in ways that men can only dream of.
How are you meeting these men? I agree with all the others, it's not the sex that is the problem, it's the men you are meeting. They obviously have no care or concern for you. You need to get to know them as people first before allowing them to fuck you. If they seem lazy, don't listen to you, are full of themselves, boast about themselves, don't seem attentive or caring, then just say goodbye to them. Nobody needs sex that badly.
True, but it's as rare as men who can suck their own dick. There are physical reasons why women can potentially have more intense orgasms that apply to nearly all women. Not so with men.
Ever had a total body orgasm? Videos of that are a bit disturbing. Yikes.
Word of warning. A lot of people think this is fake, make your own mind up. By the way this video is not typical porn even though it's on Pornhub. It appears all over the Internet, this was just the first link for it that I found when I searched for it. https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=dabff4013995719db18e If you search for "full body orgasm" you will find lots of links to articles. A lot of them relate to tantric sex which I know nothing about to be honest.
They're crazy for bamboo which is basically wood. They'd sooner starve than eat vegan fruit and nut flapjacks. Go figure.
That's going beyond the call of duty. Chill out, have a sherry. Or two. Sleeping is so much more rewarding.
I duuno, vibe doesn't give you any grief, unless it runs out of juice. Got to keep it on trickle charge. Bonus is that it's still warm, if you know what I mean.
How short would my life be if I dared to say "No"? #LivingDangerously
They do but they're much too polite to say anything. Problem is you still don't know when you go out on the street.
Using floss more often.
He's s bit fick. Just tell him he's missing the point. You're never too old to learn something new especially when it comes to being tactful. However, being sexy is all in the mind, not down to what you wear. After all, realising that you are braless will excite plenty of men and they won't give a fig about your size. I know that too may sound as if it is missing the point but, honestly, you are sexy because you are a woman and the more confident you are are just about that means you give off an aura of sexiness and sexuality all of it's own. Being sexy is not down to how you look but how you feel and how you project yourself. After all, you could wear a bra and still not feel sexy in the slightest.
No idea. If it really bothers you, just tell him to stop it. LOL.
Do what Prince Albert and his voguish friends of their time did.
Ooh! Simply gorgeous!
Can't half tell that was tweeted by an illiterate incel. Maybe if he went back to "skool" it would improve his odds, if not by much.
If she's your "mom" I'm your "da". Apart from which you seem to have multiple "moms" and "step moms". How many do you need?
Nope. Only about 25% of women are capable of having an orgasm via PiV sex alone, without clitoral stimulation. Of those who say they do an unknown number may in fact be getting clitoral stimulation. Do your Internet research and you will find confirmation of this.
***If*** you really want to take it on you are going to have to be grimly determined to stick with it and not let anything put you off. What you're facing right now is clear evasion coupled with moderate hostility. You have to assume that she has concrete reasons why she doesn't want to discuss it and that the hostility and "running away" is going to get a lot worse if you stick to your guns. Ultimately, you may get absolutely nowhere. What you have to do is to take a step back in the process or maybe several steps back, from "why is there no sex" to "why can't we discuss it" to "why are you being evasive and hostile about it". You have to be very clear about your observations about her behaviour. You have also to be ready to hear a response that may kill your marriage stone dead. Ultimately, that may be why she is being evasive, that she simply doesn't want to have sex with you again, ever. Oh, and impossible though it may seem, you have to absolutely keep your cool about it because if you don't it gives her justification in avoiding discussing it with you. Think about the positive, constructive things you can say about why you should discuss it.
Questions you can ask yourself. Is it fixable? Is it worth the effort? Would it be better to split and go your own way? People who want or need sex make the time, no matter how busy they are. The more they want it the more determined they are to find the time. That's a broad-brush rule and there's obviously variation to it. At present you have a situation where neither of you really want to tackle it.
Who wants sex with a dick? 😂 Sorry, couldn't resist that.
Honestly, and it's only a personal perspective but I would prefer to talk about the issue, rather than talking about when we can or might do it, but that is just me.
I'm conjecturing a lot here but I have suspicions your wife could be just fine with sex again, just not with you, for whatever reasons. You feel stuck in the relationship but I suspect that she feels stuck in it too and doesn't know what to do, or doesn't think she can do anything, if she is prevaricating about counselling or divorce. Sometimes, when all else fails you have to be brave enough to make a decision for everyone. I wonder if she has something she could usefully tell you, but won't. In the end whatever the explanation is, it will be a lot simpler and obvious than what you are thinking of right now.
It seems she is a lesbian, possibly Spanish-speaking. Looks like she's paraphrasing incels.
Thank you. That was the other corny joke. And apparently it's all been too upsetting for some saddo. Oh well, never mind.
Earth worm with a surprising centre of thin rope you wouldn't expect to be there. That's how it really works. Ali Baba's Magic Rope Trick.
Nope, perfectly normal. The power and beauty of natural variety. Dicks vary in colour in the same way and often look like a different hue to the person they're attached to.
I've no personal experience in this matter. I get the impression that the market-leader in such products is Liberator®, although that may be just be clever advertising. Obviously, the firmness and support of the product is a key issue as is how easy it is to keep it clean and to clean it. Liberator seems like a pretty expensive piece of kit when you consider all that it is but brand names talk. If you google "lovers' chair" is a pretty good starting point for diverse alternatives.
Yes. Should pass an MOT test. Bodywork absolutely fine. No faults.
I wouldn't necessarily say your husband is going through a mid-life crisis as much as a wide-scale personal confidence crises that is happening in midlife. Not the same thing and not an argument about semantics. You're not going to get the sort of help you need from Reddit. Firstly, it appears he has a crisis and that has brought about your own crisis. Go talk to your doctor. Explain the full picture. As you don't explain where you are from, any advice is going to be generic in nature. I don't know what you mean by saying he can't get a job because of his past. That could mean more than one thing to me. It would maybe be helpful to talk to any charity there may be that specializes in finding work for those in long-term unemployment, but it's going to be really tough the way things are going. Basically, every Western/1st World economy is in free-fall at the moment and nobody knows how long it's going to take them to recover. Basically, it is going to come down to the collective confidence of everyone affected. Put it another way, it's not just about individual's personal success or failure. There is no quick fix. However, it is important to start a process as soon as possible. What is triggering your fear? His state of mind or your joint circumstances? Or does his state of mind make you fearful for yourself? Can you separate out your practical circumstances from his health issues in terms of thinking about them and dealing with them? I suspect that your problems are real enough and big enough that you need professional help from a medical perspective and from a practical support perspective. Have you any idea what practical help might be out there? Would he be prepared to talk to someone such as telephone-based crisis outreach services?
Has he given you any hint that he is going to leave you? How reliant is he on you? Would he leave you because he felt he was just a liability to you? I know it's none of my business, but if he hasn't got a job, business ideas aren't working out, where is income coming from? That would be my first concern. There are video games and video games. Either they are developed by multi-national companies putting millions of $s into development or by small entrepreneurs doing it in their spare time who sometimes get lucky because they come up with an idea that no-one else has before. I might be wrong, but I don't get the impression that there is much in the way of success stories for full-time solo entrepreneurs in this field. If he has programming skills, has he considered looking for contracting work? It often isn't glamorous or richly-paid work but if at least it paid the bills, would he feel he'd accomplished something? I don't know what is at the root of your Adult Separation Anxiety, ie what the implication of it would be for you psychologically. Have you considered try to get hold of your therapist via the telephone to see if they can offer assistance that way? It sounds as if you have a formal diagnosis. I assume that came from them. Have you ever lived on your own?
First time? That explains why I don't recognize it.
So, what gets you about it? That she had an abortion or that she had one without your "permission"? If you had discussed it and she was still adamant she was going to have one and you were still against it, and she had gone ahead with it, where would you be now? More or less in the same position? Basically, it sounds as if you believe that you should have a veto over a woman's body. That is a patriarchal viewpoint, a point effectively about ownership. It can't be anything else. In today's world, thank goodness, that is no longer tolerated. If you don't like it then leave her and tell her in no uncertain terms. She can't have her cake and eat it too. BTW, it isn't your child until it is born. It is nobody's child until then. She could easily have had a miscarriage tomorrow. In fact, she could have told you that and you would have been none the wiser.
You're between a rock and a hard place. The only real choice is for you to meet with your parents, ideally at a neutral venue at a time and place where none of the rest of your family can interfere. Do it at short notice so they can't get organised to. Then tell your parents your side of the story, in detail. Tell them why you have no intention of leaving your husband. Tell them that if they can't accept that then so be it but that you will always keep the door open. Also tell them that you plan to permanently cut off the rest of the family, especially your brother and that you intend to never be in his presence again. Tell them that your brother is entirely and solely responsible for this happening. PS. I don't for the life of me know why there aren't more service people suffering from PTSD than there are officially documented. You can go back through all the wars of this century (so far) and the last century (and longer) and see all the signs of it in official reports and even literature and poetry. Yet, officialdom seems as if it would really prefer to pretend that it doesn't really happen.
Try to focus mentally on the moment, on the actual experience. Put to the back of your mind what you think others might think you look like or how you might sound. Remember, it is just you, him and the vibrator. He's hoping he's going to see something wonderful today. If it happens he will be as happy as Larry. If it doesn't happen, well, there is always next time. Think now about the possibility of it happening, not it ***not*** happening, then forget about it and just breathe easy, slowly, close you eyes and focus on your groin, on your clitoris and let it happen. If you can manage to say, lighter, harder, up, down, round and around, basic suggestions like that, all the better. Beforehand think about how you do it to yourself and translate that into simple, one word instructions, along with words of encouragement, like "Oh, yes", etc.
Because it was posted before several months ago, under another Reddit username and it was removed as spam then too. I expect this will go the same way. The thing is, why do people bother doing it? What sort of kick do they get out of it? I'm even wondering if it has been posted by a male.
Really? Are you a mind reader or a clairvoyant or something?
I can only assume that her reading of the situation is different from yours. It happens. It's still your decision to decide what you do next about it. On the basis of what you're saying to me is that you're upset that she had an abortion but didn't wait to discuss it with you again, rather than she had an abortion. In other words, it's about the timing and the context in relation to you. The tricky question is what would the nature of that discussion have been? What would you have said that would've been either implicitly or explicitly okay with her? As others have said you were both taking double anti-pregnancy measures? I am assuming that she took Plan-B or the equivalent. Even saying "I agree" infers that you have some say in the matter when in reality you don't. It's hard to come to terms with but until men can become pregnant, then there can be no equivalency between men and women on this one specific subject. It's nature in the raw and it's irrefutable. Some men like to think they have some say in the matter when in reality they don't. They have a say in whether a pregnancy should happen but not on whether it should not happen once it's started. It's difficult to get your head around the topic, but that is really the reality of the situation. Once you move beyond that reality you are moving into the realm of female control and ownership by men. You have complete freedom in deciding whether you like what she's done or not, but whether she should have or not is something that you have only an indeterminate influence over, not consultation rights. There are men out there who think that if women seek an abortion that they should only be able to do so with the explicit permission of the putative father but there are so many reasons, both in principle and practice, why that is untenable. Edit. I wonder if right now she wishes that she just hadn't mentioned to you that she was pregnant and had gone ahead with the termination?
Every ***Internet*** network device in the world uses a unique IP address, even if they only 'borrow' it for a temporary period. If more than one device gets the same IP address at the same time, then chaos ensues. The IP address for domestic devices communicating with the Internet is actually the IP address assigned to your Internet gateway device (technically not a router as such), not a console or computer. The device behind the gateway may have the same IP address as those behind other gateway devices elsewhere but on their own "home network", where there are multiple devices, each of those devices will have a unique IP address on ***that*** network. Clear as muddy water?
You're the one jumping to conclusions with, apparently, realizing that is what you are doing. You are interpreting, not reciting.
If at first you don't succeed, etc, etc. Why does any aspect of sex have to be treated differently? It isn't a make-or-break test but once you even implicitly start treating it as such then you are doomed. Try to be a bit optimistic, if not about this specific occasion then about some future occasion. Don't give up before you start, etc, etc.
You raise an interesting point. It is possible to ejaculate without orgasming when you are awake, in theory at least one would assume that it is also possible to do so when you are asleep. I've never experienced that and I assume that the term covers all possibilities. Personally, whenever it happened to me my dream images involved other persons who were anonymous, who's faces I can't really make out and what they were doing was definitely weird and not something I would welcome when I was conscious. What I always found weird about it is the "experience" of starting to orgasm in your sleep but finishing when you are coming to consciousness. A spurt in the nether world and a spurt in the real world, so-to-speak. It always ends up as a real mess, though. Each to their own.
I was only being the devil's advocate on a popular theme on the sub, ie is it better to stay or better to leave, just worded another way. In the end of the day, as I said, you're alone with the decision, yea or nay, the means and the timing and only you can be satisfied with that no matter how it emanates. I wasn't close to either of my parents either and I was never estranged from them, it was just the way they were and in turn their parents were and probably how I am as a result. Breaking that chain is incredibly difficult essentially because how we model our own behaviour on our closest peers as we develop as children. But it is also not inevitable, just likely. Choices can be made, albeit in later life and not being easy either. I would also tactfully suggest that the behaviour you refer to in the book is not always inevitable either. Th fact is that you could have a splendid relationship with your children despite what else goes on and I think you will possibly discover that the quality of the relationship you have with your children while they grow up and afterwards will not be defined by your presence ie "presenteeism" or by the state of your relationship with your wife, but by the quality of the independent relationship you are determined to have with them. Of course, that could be stymied if things went wrong with you and your wife, post divorce, it does unfortunately happen, but in a lot of cases it doesn't because ex-partners can be just as determined as you to make sure it doesn't and it is important to many just for practical reasons, if nothing else. You also always have have to bear in mind that it might not necessarily be down to you in the end. The sub is replete with posts from people saying "He's/she's just left me". I don't know what "the answer" is, I really don't and I try not to know because all that would demonstrate is what a know-all arsehole I was. All there is are questions and precious few answers and second or third grade choices to pick from. It pretty will sums up life, in a basket. Clearly, you haven't exhausted all your options, I don't know about your partner, time will tell. I'm sure you will do lots more thinking about it, even after decisions are made. That is what we seem to spend a lot of our time doing, reflecting on the past. Read "This Be The Verse" by Philip Larkin. It sums much of it up for me in simple terms.
r/Deadbedrooms
Visions of hot, sweaty skin sticking to PVC and that smell. All you'd need was an extra to throw buckets of salty water over you and you could imagine you were having sex on the beach.
He's a twat. Have I your permission to call him that? In a way I can understand the childish pettiness of withholding emotional investment in his relationship with you because he's a mega sulker, even though I don't condone it, but your daughter? What has she done to deserve punishment? Frankly, I don't believe him and think he's full of shit. I'll offer even odds that if you gave him more sex, it would not make one iota of difference. He's living up his own backside.
Have you any thoughts on his thoughts about arranged marriage in general and yours in particular? The way you describe his daily cycle, has the thought ever occurred to you whether he is just oppressed by the grind of life?
mojoupgrade.com
Just keep it exposed and let the exposure to the atmosphere and to *gentle* friction against your underwear will start a process called **keratinization** ie the thickening of the epidermis. I can't remember how long it took because it was so long ago and I would have been younger than you at the point I started. Apart from which it is a slow, gradual process, but you will notice the most rapid change at the start and the pace of change eventually levels out. It will take more than a few months before you notice any significant changes. You should also be aware that it is possible that it may become too insensitive for your liking. Everyone's experience is different. I'm afraid you have to roll with what nature gives you, one way or the other. And you will find it uncomfortable especially with materials that are high friction or tight fitting. You just have to persist. If you get too aroused at times you may have to pull your hood over your glans for a while for relief. Natural evolution designed it with a distinct purpose and you will be tampering with that. If you want to experiment with your glans while masturbating use some form of inert lubricant; oil, emulsified oil ie lotion or cream. Avoid perfumed products and anything with sodium lauryl sulphate/sulfate (SLS/SLES) which is a surfactant used in almost all cosmetic products eg soap, shower gel, shampoo and even toothpaste. It is *suspected* of possibly sloughing off skin cells, which would be counter-productive. Other products that omit SLS use other surfactants. Check anything you might use for chemicals that might cause irritation. Keep it as simple as possible. PS. Surfactants are used to break down the surface tension between oil and water and is found in one version or another in washing up liquid and detergents of all sorts. One of the first uses for it was to remove oil deposits from concrete on, for example, garage forecourts.
I don't know about men in general but it screams "immaturity" at me as if you're trying to prove your really 15 again when it's pretty obvious you aren't. I suspect that some of them also think it's adorable and funny when it's not. You usually find out very quickly they have no sense of humour when it's put to the test. As for those who use the soft focus tool on their smartphone app, well that's just sadder than sad. It's the women who use other people's photos who really get my goat and I know it's got nothing to do with supposedly dating either. It's amazing how many of those scammers have never heard of "reverse image searching". Stand your ground and get the respect that you deserve.
You could well be right. The thought has occurred to me as well, but on the other hand criminal activity is not the sole preserve of men. There is no way of knowing.
Why? Has he knocked someone off their motorcycle and splattered them across the road?
Oh, err, can I be your friend?
I dunno. There's a bit of a rosy glow that suggests blood is circulating and there is a heartbeat somewhere. Always useful.
I agree, you can't do anything to persuade your wife to make more of an effort if she simply doesn't feel it. It would probably take a long time and maybe a lot of money to maybe, maybe find out why she's not into sex or not into you, who knows? It could all be in her head. It could have existed long before you met her, it could have developed since you met her. When you say that you have a good relationship overall what does that really mean to you, and more importantly, what does it mean to her? Does your instinct tell you that she feels satisfied with life or does she just plod along, day-in, day-out? People can be dissatisfied with their lives to the extent that they just function but when you ask them what would their alternatives be if they had the choice they have no real answers.
That's not so much a bikini top as a sling. You should introduce her to Wicked Weasel. PS. You've just broken the sub rules so you may got knocked down pretty quick.
Martians think all humans are assholes.
It's important to understand that you're not defective. I can't emphasize that enough. About 70% of women report they can't orgasm reliably from PiV sex. It's important for women to know this. There are relatively few nerve endings inside your vagina. The fact that some women can orgasm during PiV sex is down to natural variation and to circumstances eg size of partner, sex position, relative position of clitoris to vaginal opening. Don't torture yourself because you can't do what other women can do naturally. A lot of sex takes place in your head and the fact that you can orgasm with a partner suggests that aspect is important to your sexual response whether it is excitement and adrenaline or feeling desired by someone else or whatever it is that triggers the right response n your head that then triggers your bodily response. The one thing that will interfere with a positive sexual response is anxiety, worry and actually trying too hard. The harder you try, the more anxious you get, the more likely you won't be able to achieve what you want. Try to live in the moment, try to relax, try to be more positive-minded about the sex that does work for you and just let things happen.
Have sex less often and/or for shorter durations. It's her body naturally telling her it has reached it's limits, just as it does to anyone who tries to run a mile but has never done it before. Basically, her muscles are spasming at overuse if she suffers pain it is possibly cramps and/or tissue inflammation. You can have too much of a good thing. If she's not careful, the condition could become chronic.
Your daughter sounds like almost all other teenagers, boys or girls who think the whole world is laughing at them if they don't conform and think their parents are an embarrassment and are always rebelling against them. That might not have been your experience growing up, but it is very much the Western experience and within reasonable boundaries is regarded as part of growing up and asserting your independence as you head towards adulthood. My advice to you is to play it out in the open, tell her that you think that she is embarrassed by you. Tell her that you don't like being talked over, no matter how imperfect your accent or choice of words are. You're still learning, you're always learning. Treat it with good humour though, don't let it get to you. Basically rise above it because, let's face it, it isn't the most important thing happening in the world right now. Ask her if she is being harassed at school over Covid. Point out to her that she is American, of Asian heritage, and that there are several generations of Chinese in the US since before the start of the 20th Century. Many of them worked on the railway building in the formation years of the US and many of them were treated abominably at that time, being killed in work accidents and from disease in their hundreds. She owes no-one an apology for anything, including what apparently started in China recently because she isn't Chinese. She can't claim Chinese citizenship. It's as simple as that. Anyone that is bullying her because of Covid are just miserable shits. Add that to your personal vernacular vocabulary. They are just the sort of people who are constantly looking to make trouble on any pretext. Today it is coronavirus, dear knows what it will be tomorrow but they'll have something to complain about or harass people about just because they are no good as people.
Another way I look at it is that "love" is a label, an abstraction for a whole host of feelings for someone that come together. The love you have for your parents isn't the same love you have for your off-spring or the love you have for an intimate partner. Maybe your partner has lost some of those instincts that come together to mean love for them, whether it be trust or respect or whatever it might be. Maybe they just need time to find that again. I wouldn't worry about it unless you feel that they're digging their heels in about it, actively trying to suppress those feelings because they don't trust themselves with them. Maybe they just need enough time to adjust. Even though their separation wasn't as traumatic as yours doesn't mean they aren't affected more by theirs. Everyone's experience and ability to handle their situation varies due to personal characteristics as much as it does to circumstances.
In the old civilization, those are scon'es or scone's. If you put sultanas in them they are sultana scones. Then there are treacle, cherry and cheese scones and any variety in between. In N Ireland there are places that do scones with bits of Mars Bar in them and are about twice the size of the one you're showing. Serve up plain or sultana scones with clotted cream and strawberry jam and become a fat bastard in no time at all. The Inland Revenue would probably classify scones as cakes, not biscuits, and put VAT on them. Bastards.
Traditionally, scones would be baked using buttermilk but for some time most English supermarkets wouldn't have stocked buttermilk so you had to use substitutes. In Ireland buttermilk is ubiquitous because it would also be used to bake soda and wheaten farls.
I should doubt it unless you want to turn her into a cyborg. You do realize that you are at the extremes of frequency and duration of sex compared to most people? PS. Is it you who wants this or her? If she is doing this to please you I can tell you that it isn't going to last much longer before it comes to an abrupt halt altogether. Maybe she's dropping you a hint? I don't know.
We know. BJ is a *unt. He's a mini-Trump and is always aping him but tries to sound more reasonable. Probably makes him even more dangerous. If you're someone who can't see Trump is completely off his trolley then there is something definitely wrong with you. BJ is just one calculating evil bastard. Even his own brothers/sister don't trust him.
Don't worry, when it comes to crazy he's a mere amateur compared to Trump. However, he is more measured and calculating than Trump and does actually listen to the sycophants he's surrounded himself with, which probably makes him an even bigger danger to us than Trump is to you.
Meh, he'll just have to bump off a few more journalists, maybe a few judges and local opposition politicians and he'll then claim he has to save the Republic all over again. Or start another war with the Chechens or Georgians. There are enough sycophants and naive knuckle-draggers prepared to believe shit is gold no matter where you go in the world.
Nope! Believe it or not, it isn't. And you thought your politics was corrupt? Here they're much better at suppressing it. Most of the media is right-wing and our Parliament is basically powerless compared to your Congress. Our Committees have basically no legal powers at all other than to call someone for being in contempt. Otherwise the likes of Johnson just sticks two fingers up at them. He's determined to ensure Parliament is undermined even further and plans to basically make it impossible for the courts to challenge him which is pretty useless as it is now anyway.
Oh we know. And like Trump a minority of voters voted him into power.
Putin's allies don't actually give money to their wives. Nor are you a former Putin ally and still breathing.
LOL. Irony and hypocrisy are two phenomenons you aren't acquainted with. So much for your great contribution to the "debate". I only reply to vapid comments with vapid comments. And who knew, not all knuckle-draggers are American?
It's not really about who's friends with Putin or not. It's about money laundering through the City of London. London is the easiest place in the Western world to launder dirty money through without questions being asked and payments to the Tory Party and this govt are about keeping that deal sweet.
Allegedly, when women become sexually aroused they're supposed to become flushed, including around the chest. It's supposed to be a tell-tale sign but I wouldn't know though.
It would probably happen to men too if it were not for the fact that all the blood goes to their dicks instead. If they're lucky.
Somewhat naively I would have thought that most women would be interested in a guy who had paternal instincts even if it is for a pre-teen sister who is 20 years his junior. It shows maturity and responsibility, protectionism and so on. Maybe it's that she is not *her* child? Who knows? She certainly isn't concerned that it might show her in a bad light.
I wasn't being serious. It appears a few other people have had a sense of humour failure about it. I should have made an even more outrageous suggestion. I'm assuming Spotify wouldn't let you actually do that, but maybe I'm wrong.
They do, even worse than the Brits themselves. But they're also as bad as anyone at falling for a bit of "hurrah" patriotism while being soundly shafted by their own.
Critical reasoning isn't your forte.
Sponsorship. The tide has turned. Some people don't like it. Some people don't like being on the losing side but insist on being on it nevertheless.
Hmm. I think your mother might not be typical.
Maybe think about whether the way you told your son this was what you were planning to do, was the best way to handle things, out of the blue, in front of everyone else? Also, was it the best way to prepare your daughter for what possibly might happen? I'm guessing that you didn't anticipate that your son would react this way, but then ask yourself why not, if you can imagine yourself in his position? I'm not suggesting his reaction, his behaviour is either excusable or acceptable but when you get bounced into an unexpected situation your reaction can even surprise yourself. Or maybe your son had worked himself into a state of suspicion and expectation and your first words only confirmed his worst fears? Who knows, really. I'm sure that you know from your own experience that running a business such as yours comes with a lot of responsibility, not just for your family but others too and there is a lot of pressure that comes with that. You're not taking early retirement for nothing after all, you've done your time. You're not exactly doing your daughter a big favour, no matter how keen she may be about it. Your son has possibly been building up this narrative in his head for some time, unknown by you and the outburst was only an inevitable conclusion. Despite what you say do you think that maybe your son feels that you haven't taken the same personal interest in his chosen life, career, as you have in your daughter? Paying a lot for his education, etc is all very worthy but it isn't the same as personally investing time in him as a person, as your off-spring. I would guess that it was more natural for you to do that with your daughter because you both simply had a common interest. All this is sheer speculation and may well be completely off the mark. Can you email him or text him and say that you are sorry about what happened and that you would like the opportunity to speak with him personally, that you have important information that you need to share with him, that you had intended to share with him at the time but it all went obviously wrong. Share a neutral venue. Invest some time in him now. If that won't work, is it possible your wife could act as an intermediary if she is closer to him given their shared interest in art?
Some men get righteously offended if you suggest that they can't. Go visit r/ProstatePlay if you want to see quibbles about it. All I know is that women have, on average, 8,000 nerve endings in the tip of their clitoris. On average, men have 4,000 in their penis glans. That's *one* reason why so many women say they can't tolerate direct manipulation of their clitoris behind their hood. Also, the tip of the clitoris is just that, the whole body of the clitoris surrounds the opening of the vagina and probably also includes the G-spot for those who believe they have one. Top that with the simple fact that women report being multi-orgasmic a lot more often than men and I think it is a no-contest most of the time. Of course, there are exceptions. Many woman say they can't orgasm at all or that they're not sure they orgasm or that they say they find orgasm underwhelming. All I'll say is that you have a partner that is fortunate and you are lucky you have her as a sexual partner. Whatever you do ***never*** fuck that up, it's precious. Guard it. Care for it.
I suspect I may have suffered from that and if I did/do, I found no solution to it. The problem is that if you are on other medication or have other physical or mental health issues virtually any of them could have an effect on libido and function, so there is virtually no way to tell. It's another medical mystery.
Involving yourself in other people's problems rarely ends well, irrespective of the moral merits of it. You've already highlighted some of the potential problems with doing anything about it. I'm guessing that right now you maybe wish you hadn't found out about it. It really isn't any business of your siblings even if they are affected by it because your parents still have legal responsibilities to them irrespective of what is going on and getting involved for that reason alone is not going to improve things. As far as your mom is concerned are you sure she'll back you up if it comes to the crunch, especially if she is praying that some miracle happens in respect of their marriage? Your mother is probably between a rock and a hard place over the marriage, maybe in a dilemma over staying with an untrustworthy, violent man but at the same time wondering whether she has what it takes to survive on her own. I'm afraid it happens all too often and I don't envy any of you. Sometimes problems happen where there is no right answer. If you don't get on with your mother either, I'm guessing she has never confided in you? Whatever you do, don't end up being like them. That happens too often as well. If at any time you feel that you need help with sorting any of it out in your head, do not hesitate, just do it.
Offering no advice. Sex is not so much the cause but the victim and the symptom. What was that vow really all about in practical terms? Was it unconditional? Whatever. What will be, will be. I noted your mention in passing about a brain tumour. It's all very sad all round but it is what it is.
What? Once a week, month, year, decade, lifetime? This is a fallacious comparison and trite to boot. To say nothing of the number of women who end up having caesareans.
There is a phenomenon called "Post-Coital Tristesse" or "Post-Coital Dysphoria" that as the name suggests suffers experience post-orgasm that can make them feel a bit down or depressed post-orgasm. It could be that you are suffering from a similar state just prior to orgasm. In other words your psychological state of arousal and euphoria drops before you can achieve orgasm. The problem is what might be causing it? Is it purely hormonal or is it psychological. Do you have to spend a lot of time trying to get to an orgasmic plateau? I don't know what sex therapists might say about it but I can't see any other way of dealing with it other than to try to push through it. When you masturbate, do you rely wholly on physical sensation or do you imagine yourself in a sexual situation while doing it? Have you considered whether simple vanilla porn would help you sustain the right state of mind to see you through to orgasm? Edit:https://www.glowm.com/section_view/heading/treatment-of-orgasmic-dysfunction-in-women/item/431
https://www.psychologytoday.com/gb/conditions/orgasmic-disorder https://health.howstuffworks.com/sexual-health/sexual-dysfunction/female-orgasmic-disorder.htm https://www.health.com/condition/sexual-health/guided-masturbation-app https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oO2_NUqAMt4
If you search for "directed masturbation" in Google Search and then switch to "videos" and look for results on Pornhub/Youporn, you might find some content that would be of interest to you. I'm afraid I'm not going to post direct links on this Reddit sub.
Your instinct takes you wherever it leads but if you are familiar with the porn vs sex theme you will also be aware that there are many reasons why a partner will resort to porn and whack-a-mole instead of sex and none of them may have anything to do with you. That doesn't help you in any practical way, but if you are going to finish with the relationship it only matters in the context of your self-esteem and confidence and there is no point interrogating your SO because you are not likely to get the truth anyway or all you will get is stonewalling or gaslighting.
The real question, as if you should care, is what is he doing dating? Is he looking for a mama substitute?
It's not about withholding love, or lust for that matter, It's about someone becoming alienated from you for whatever reason or reasons and whether as a result they don't like you well enough any more as a result to get intimate with you. People have to be really comfortable with you to be able to freely do that. They really have to like you. It may be that their reasons for them not liking you well enough may be valid or not valid from a factual perspective, but from an emotional/feeling perspective it is that which really counts. It may be if you are not a middle ground person, as you put it, that your partner just can't live with that. It can be enough to put someone off wanting to have sex with you.
How on earth do 27% of Americans actually figure Donald Trump has got a single religious bone in his body?
You have your own home, roof over your head, your own base. That is somewhere you can create a life, an existence for yourself, on your terms. You can search out the world for friends, associates, collaborators and even lovers and partners on your terms. You can seek people out and if it doesn't work out with them, including sexually, you can just say goodbye to them, on your terms, with the minimum of hassle and disruption. You have a foundation that may become roots and you rule the roost. Eventually you will come to realize what a good deal that is, to be independent, self-reliant and to be able to seek out partners that you want, not need. Go for it.
Ooh! You should get them pierced for real after lockdown is over. It doesn't do anything but it's a fun look!
You could line up 10 women and their nipples/areolae would all be different. Embrace your 'difference' because you are no more different than any other woman. Be proud of what you've got, or rather, who you are. Just be confident and bold, yet friendly and that will make you attractive to everyone, it won't matter what you look like.
Drop him like a stone. There is no context in which his behaviour was either reasonable or acceptable. It is a red flag. Is reaction is an indication that he is way too sensitive and insecure. He'll be okay while he's not under any pressure, but this shows that when he is then he flips. It may be the first time, but it won't be the last. He should have just laughed, shrugged his shoulders and said something like "I like it and just assumed everyone else would".
Honestly, it would be in the interests of both of you if just one of you called off your relationship. He's interested in sex, you aren't. You may well have told him that you aren't interested sexually in either gender and he's effectively said "Uh-huh". In other words he's heard you but he's not hearing you and I'll lay odds that he thinks that this is something that can be 'fixed', post-marriage. You think that sex is something that you are just obliged to do post-marriage, which is just wrong. Irrespective of that, you won't be able to sustain your own position on the subject over years or even decades to come and he will be inevitably disappointed with the sex you have because he will realize that you are only doing it because you feel obligated, not because you are into him sexually or into sex because you like it. Your marriage will be an utter disaster, like so many others that are in the same sort of situation. Save yourself and save you both by being the one with some common sense and save yourselves from a lot of misery and strife.
Can you not take out the threaded part in the barbell with a pair of pliers and then glue it into the ball using epoxy resin?
Does she actually want to do it, or is she doing it to please you?
It's not a matter of what is right or wrong. You don't like it, she does. The pair of you should have never got married if you both knew what the other was like. It sounds like a marriage of convenience which isn't convenient to either of you. Time to start again, you both want different things and are incompatible.
You have to accept that everyone makes mistakes. Do you reckon you could have foreseen this happening? If you ought to have, even then it is unintentional if you forgot because you were tired or whatever. I'm not sure exactly what happened. It sounds as if you leant on the oven handle that you use to pull it open either sideways or downwards. That is a bit unusual because the glass is heat-resistant borosilicate glass and is quite thick. It sounds as if you managed to find a stress point in the glass. I don't know how old the oven is but it might be possible to find a replacement part and replace the glass yourself without replacing the whole oven or having to put it out to repair to a fix shop. Some of these devices are quite simple and you only need simple tools. It might be worth a look. Search the Net for some advice on how you might go about it. And it sounds as if you'll need a new handle as well. And don't be so hard on yourself. We all have regrets, wishing something unfortunate that happened, hadn't happened. C'est la vie!
On a rebound date? Seriously?
If you've had all the usual possible medical/physiological causes discounted the only option that may be open to you is to seek out an experienced sex therapist. It will be expensive but they should be prepared to take a full history of your sexual development and to talk you through a typical sexual event step-by-step, which neither a general practitioner or a gynaecologist will be interested in doing because they simply wouldn't be interested and wouldn't know what to ask and what to so with the information anyway. I would assume it will be expensive but you are talking about the rest of your life. BTW, when you went to see your doctor about it, were you able to do so immediately within the next day after one of your experiences? If there were to be any sign of physical trauma to tissue, ie redness or swelling, then it would need to be as soon as possible after the event. Indeed, have you or your partner been able to examine you to see if there was/is any physical signs of pain? It's not really what a smartphone camera was designed for but to take a before and after photo might be helpful. One before, one immediately after and maybe another say, 12 to 24 hours thereafter. The reason I suggest that is because immediately after intercourse you might expect to still see signs of engorgement and it may be difficult to differentiate between that, which is normal and tissue trauma. Is it raw or sore to the touch immediately thereafter or does the pain subside rapidly after he withdraws? Or does the pain persist for days but gradually reduces over that time? Does your partner have trouble entering you at all? Do you feel stretched, too stretched, if he can penetrate you? When does the pain start? Before he can penetrate or after he penetrates? Do you anticipate the pain, feel anxious and all tensed up? Do you feel muscles tensed up around your groin? Are you aware of muscle-clenching near the time? You can insert tampons. Can you insert anything else such as dildos or vibrators, anything that is slimmer than your partner? Can you insert anything that is the same girth as your partner? If you can or could it might tell you whether the issue is physical or psychological. This may sound all very tacky but there is really nothing wrong with thinking rationally about it yourself, for your own sake. All these are questions, along with others, that I might expect someone who is really interested in helping you would ask. If your doctor didn't ask, I'm not really surprised. That's why I suggest you really need to see someone for whom this is their bread-and-butter living.
What on earth are you going to apologize for? I agree, she sounds as if she was and probably is still an appalling person and a chip off the old block the way you describe her family. Consider yourself lucky, she's probably making some other poor sod's life a regular misery.
LOL. You would have fitted in real well with the pair of them. Explains the empathy you have for them. Man writes message on wall. They don't like it/him, believe that entitles them to demand to know whether he lives there. Wonder what they would have thought if someone had done the same to them? Would probably have called the cops on them. Some people don't know when to mind their own business. Serves them both right.
Pay attn. Thy were playing a Karen duet. Embarrassing busybody.
You didn't read the article.
Hormonal birth control? Lots of women believe it kills their libido.
It's pride in the face of racism. Who's being racist to the white people, whiter-than-white people?
I was afraid that you might say that. Things get more complicated, unfortunately. It could be a whole lot of different things, so many it would take an essay to cover them. Another common issue women talk about is the lack of an positive emotional context for the sex they're experiencing.
I'm afraid he's telling you not to be a sissy about guns and is mocking you. Why would he buy you such a thing knowing you don't like guns, either if you never thought of checking up on it's intended significance or you did, as you have? It's no accident or coincidence. What might he do if you openly did not wear it and left it to one side for him to see? Did you thank him for it when he first gave it to you? I have to say I don't like the possible intonation of it.
I guess I'm not surprised, given the circumstances, although it's still a bit disappointing. If your mum is really losing the plot, even temporarily, it's alright for your dad to be able to escape but others, ie you, can't escape. I don't know what age you are but if you were old enough, maybe 15 or 16 you might be able to claim that you are old enough to assert your own religious beliefs (or a lack of them), but you would need the support of some form of official authority that would effectively make you a ward of the courts. I don't know where you live so the ability to do that will vary widely so you would have to investigate that yourself. Going down that route would be pretty hardcore but it may turn out that for other reasons you won't have any other choice anyway. The only other thing you can do is that your mother eventually blows over and just gets tired of it and something else becomes the focus of her attention. Have you any siblings that you can side with? There is an old saying "You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink". Basically, she can drag you to church but she or no-one else can make you believe. You can make that very obvious without being hostile about it. It won't be long before the embarrassment of having you there is greater than the embarrassment of not having you there. PS. You say that you were Presbyterians? Do you think your mother is going down this Mormon route just in order to antagonize your father or anyone else?
If anyone was to tug at them they would just come off. Sorry for being such a killjoy.
If Trump thought he could get away with it and it would promote him in the Nov election, he would crucify any and all LGBTQ+ people, possibly quite literally. What his supporters won't accept is that he would crucify them too if it served his ends. Your grandmother needs to know this. You've apologized for upsetting her, told her it's not personal. Basically, your family are implicitly trying to get you to accept that she was right and hence they are right and you are wrong. There's nothing subtle about it and it's not just about your grandma or Trump but is also about you and your beliefs and your sexual orientation. They want you to accept your grandmother as she is but they don't want to accept you as you are. That is simple inequity and hypocrisy. What is the greater loss to you?
&gt;I'm not sharing the same type of love. What does that mean in practical terms? Do you think that she is on the rebound? Do you feel she is not as keen on you as you are on her? If that is the case, staying connected to her, romantically, rather than as a friend, might not be the best thing for her. Do you feel that you understand well enough where she is emotionally to be able to talk to her? Maybe it would be better if you were both able to agree about returning to a friendship status on the basis that you care about her? The thing is that there are no hard-and-fast rules how to play situations like this. It depends on the people involved and the circumstances involved. If you do decide to talk to her about it, be attentive and thorough and consultative ie take the stance that you are concerned about her and not yourself.
There are women who will be more than satisfied with that. They're not all size queens. It will also depend on what you do with it. There are no rules that say you can't stir it around a bit. Try to get a high missionary position so that the top of your shaft will be more likely to rub against her clit. Some 70% of women claim that they don't orgasm reliably from PiV sex, so you shouldn't worry yourself too much about it. First and foremost they will worry most about how you treat them. They want to know they are special to you above all else. Learn your oral skills and you will be well on the way.
Talking from experience? Not all guys with big dicks cause women to orgasm. In fact all they do is to cause them pain and put them off sex for life.
It's called "Life".
I have to ask, basically the ether around us, why someone who doesn't want to communicate and becomes enraged when prompted to do so, has any sane reason wanting to get married? The outcome is only going to be the one you are experiencing. For the sake of clarity, I am talking about him, not you. You can always provide adequate financial security for yourself and achieve independence of action as a result or collaborate with someone on financial security who can offer you a more rounded range of positive benefits. Either way, you can't know for sure, that is just life, you have to try to find out and for most of us our futures, long-term, are far from certain. This man expects you to just accept what he is prepared to offer and isn't open to negotiation about it. Take it or leave it. What and how much would you be prepared to give up of what you have now in order to get what you want?
I don't know what you should do, emotionally and on the basis of your own personal ethics you are truly between a rock and a hard place. There is one other option, that I personally do not like but I think in the interests of objectivity and thoroughness I should mention ie adoption. I know that there are so many horror and distress stories about adoption and that many women would prefer abortion than the idea of willingly giving up a child shortly after birth but I also have to assume that there are babies who do thrive as a result, ie it's not always bad news. I would also presume that if you did do this it would probably be the end of your relationship in any event. Don't envy you. Don't envy any woman who finds herself in this predicament.
I agree that you should set enough time aside to make sure you're not interrupted and simply tell your daughter she has an attitude problem and you want to know what it is about. Tell her that you will hear her out of she has some legitimate grievance. Otherwise, take no nonsense from her. Whatever her problem is it isn't acceptable. Tell her that whatever is the cause of it that her hostile behaviour will stop while she is under your roof.
If he is too big for you, he's too big for you and there is no fixing that. It does actually happen and if you've not found a solution after a year then you are not going to find one.
This guy is gaslighting you hardcore, something chronic. Literally and metaphorically, walk away from him. Have you even stopped to think about the number of women he's been through, yourself included? He's like some sort of succubus sucking the soul out of anyone who passes through his shadow. Look, you may have problems, ones you would rather be without and that you maybe feel limits your opportunities on some way. Most of us have that potential challenge to deal with but there is no way this guy is either going to compliment or enhance you. You would be better off alone even if he was the last man alive on the planet. He knows how to tweak you and he's pretty relentless about it, picks you up, drops, you, picks you up again. He clearly has psychological problems of his own and it may be he is doing this sub-consciously but, still, there is no good reason why you have to be his little guinea pig. Wipe him out of your life.
Fine fettle at 62!
Seriously, just act normal, like you were talking to anyone. Depending where you are at the time I'm sure you can find a subject to start a conversation about. If you take the attitude to begin with that you're just looking to make friends with someone, it's low key and you can decide whether you really want to take it to another level later. It doesn't have to be any more complicated than that. How would you start a conversation with another woman?
Glad someone has their future all planned out. Me, I don't know what I should do.
I'm still waiting for the "Shagging Choirboys" revelation. Let's face it, he's bound to have done it based in the fact that there doesn't appear to be anything he isn't prepared to do. I'm also still waiting for the 5th Ave promise to happen. His knuckle-dragging fan base would love that.
This could be in contention for at least today's most pointless question.
Nope, you would have to be going into what is alien territory to be able achieve that. It introduces you to people who shouldn't really be able to survive on their own. And some of them eventually don't.
Maybe he thinks he's being funny in a provocative way. Maybe he's a racist who thinks he can get away with it by making outrageously provocative jokes about it. I'll bet if challenged he will say he was only joking. I would say that in principle you should report it to personnel management but I would also understand if you really don't like the idea of putting yourself in the front line of a shit storm. You could of course do it anonymously but it is less likely to be taken seriously. May I add that I offer my personal apology that you have to put up with this sort of shit. It is inexcusable and white people should be doing more proactively to tackle it but we are just as reluctant to get personally involved. PS. if you do something wait until you are safely placed in your new job.
There are still too many men who think they're doing you a favour putting their dicks in you or that you are only there to service them. And then they wonder why so many women think that they're just there to be masturbated into and are asking themselves and their peers why they're getting involved with sex because they get little, if anything out of it. Of course, the subject is more complicated than that and every case has to be looked at individually, but this is a genuinely serious issue, all the more so because the Internet is awash with and about sex and still this level of ignorance or indifference still persists. There is really no excuse for it. I would plea with all women to inform themselves about women's sexuality in general and their own specifically because not only will you be doing yourself a favour, you will be doing us men a favour too. And once you know what you know and what you want, just insist on getting it in no uncertain terms. Don't compromise, and if you don't get it move on until you do get it. Men will get the message because they simply won't be able to avoid it. And when you have to talk about it, be bold, unambiguous, be explicit. That doesn't mean you can't be diplomatic or flattering in terms of getting what you want.
Don't be surprised if HR don't do anything about it. I've been involved in a couple of cases of similar nature. I have a background in HR management but changed career into IT. One was a case of a guy who's work computer I was fixing and I discovered he was using it during work hours to view lots of porn. I reported it to his bosses and they suspended him. HR got involved but wouldn't proceed with disciplinary action because he pulled the "too ill to attend" stunt. He accused me of planting the evidence on his computer because I didn't like him. Eventually, they paid him off on ill-health retirement instead, When it was done, his bosses cleared his sole-occupation office and discovered the paper porn he had posted to himself at work. The other case involved a female senior nurse manager who shared an office with a male colleague who not only had porn sent to his office address but openly read the stuff in front of her. I said I would talk to my old colleagues in HR and did, but of course they did nothing. I had to apologise to her for the fact that they did nothing. Basic message is; look after yourself first. You will get no thanks from anyone for making their working life harder than it already is despite all the positive public messages that they casually cast around. If you are in another job you can just write anonymously to them and tell them to take a look at the Facebook account. Maybe take a few screen grabs in case he tries to delete it. You'll have done your bit. No-one can deal with this alone, nor should they be expected to. Take care.
Your story contains a very common theme. "It's about the relationship, not the sex". The sex is the victim of the relationship, one way or another. It's amazing how many people in your position eventually come back and say something to the effect "I now know it wasn't just about the lack of sex, but the whole 'thing'". It's sad this still goes on in this day-and-age and the perpetrators can't/won't even talk about it, but it is what it is and no one single person amongst us can fix society's ills. This Be The Verse - Philip Larkin They fuck you up, your mum and dad. They may not mean to, but they do. They fill you with the faults they had And add some extra, just for you. But they were fucked up in their turn By fools in old-style hats and coats, Who half the time were soppy-stern And half at one another's throats. Man hands on misery to man. It deepens like a coastal shelf. Get out as early as you can, And don't have any kids yourself.
Uh-huh, whatever, it's your fantasy.
It would really require more context. I get the feeling there was more to the exchange before this but otherwise, if in doubt, yeah.
Sounds as if he might have been butt-hurt in the past. If so, it's still better to maintain your reserve, rather than flashing it something ugly in public. On the other hand, it's considerate of him to warn everybody. Not everybody is prepared to do that upfront.
Someone once told me that if you ever thought about it, then no-one would ever have kids. Which is kind of over-simplistic, but you can see what they mean. Some people have personality types who want to know they have everything under control and if they don't then they won't proceed. Look at the number of single mothers out there who just have to soldier on because for one reason or another they simply have no choice. Personally, I don't know how they do it, but on the other hand there are a lot too who can't hack it, so there is that. Maybe his confidence has been that badly shaken. Maybe he was never that keen on having kids in the first place but was willing to sacrifice his personal views for the right woman. There are plenty of men out there who are like that and it doesn't make them bad fathers necessarily either, they just have different motivations and love their kids nevertheless. Whatever the reason, it sounds as if your partner has definitely got cold feet now and it is possible that he quite adamant about it. It might be possible to get some flesh on his reasoning which might help you to make up your mind. I think it would be fair to ask for clarification under the circumstances but it may not make any difference one way or the other. As an aside, I'm aware that there are a lot of jobbing dentists in my part of the world, yet despite that there are constant stories about a shortage of dentists and patients not being able to get onto surgery patient lists. That's in my country and I'm sure there is a lot of variance from country to country and place to place. If it made a difference would either of you be prepared to up sticks and move for more secure employment? Mind you, it might not make much difference to his opinion. I'm sure that when he studied and trained as a dentist and paid all those tuition fees he didn't imagine being in the position he is in now. I can sympathize with him about that. The idea that anyone should have secure employment seems to be rapidly becoming a thing of the past. Politicians and power brokers, money makers, don't seem to be able to get to grips with the notion that being able to plan and predict is important to most people. Uncertainty is an economy and society-killer.
Yup, long dead slaves are to blame for everything, including the EU and Coronavirus. Take that, you reprobates! I'm sure they'll take it personally, just like Colson's long dead body did. /s
Well, now that you bring the subject up, how long have you got...
With that look on his face all he needs is a wee 'tache above his upper lip and he could either be Charlie Chaplin or you-know-who.
Don't take it personally, but it still doesn't make me want to grace Walmart.
10s are destined to be with 10s and destined to make one another's lives a misery just because that is what they do. 6.5s are destined to be with 6.5s and will make one another miserable because they can't accept they're just 6.5s. It's the 20th/21st Century equivalent of marrying up a class. Can you muster enough money together for your own dowry? Some traditions should be cherished. Otherwise, you could splash the same cash in trying to turn yourself into a 10. Apparently we live in a socially mobile era nowadays but that is utter bollocks, of course.
Believe me, I have the powerz to make you lose the will to live.
Bursitis?
It sounds like a re-run of **Dynasty** involving the Carringtons. Dynasty, get it? Your husband is Bobby but I don't know who is the "poison dwarf", Lucy. Anyway, I'm guessing you're too young to remember that. Why the hell is it your job to fix "it"? It's his family, his father, the family firm, quite literally and metaphorically. Back him up, with arms if necessary, but it isn't your job to fix "it". BTW, it sounds like it might be time for him to assert his independence in it's entirety if this is going to continue, ad nauseam.
Now, top-left is really going beyond the call of duty.
Barr has his tongue so far up Trump's arse it's physiologically ridiculous.
It depends on the nature and size of the jewellry. If you have a relatively modest gauge then I personally would recommend sticking to a BCR/CBR because there are fewer/lesser obscured surfaces eg threaded post/socket, mating surfaces etc. There is still the possibility of contamination at the point where the bar ends are trapped in the dimples in the ball, but that is very small and it is easier to clean on the go. Unfortunately, if you wear a 0 or 00 gauge unless you have a phenomenally powerful set of opening pliers you will probably be using a threaded piece and this gathers all sorts of crud. Most people will think this excessive but when I take a pee at home, I use a spray containing water and a few millimetres of Benzalkonium Chloride antisceptic liquid just to keep the spray container sweet and stopping algae developing in it. I use the spray on the end of my dick, around both exit holes after peeing while rotating the piece back-and-forth. You will still get some urine migrating out after that but no more than any other unpierced person. If your piece is threaded then you will have to take it apart and clean it pretty frequently because the way the pieces are engineered the mating faces never create a perfect seal and the threaded post and socket don't mate perfectly either. I'm not a fan of spring-loaded balls but I would imagine keeping them clean to be particularly difficult.
I don't know what conversations you've had with your brother about it. Apart from your own view of the situation, you are between a rock and a hard place. On the one hand he wants to keep trying, on he other hand his husband has given up on her and given up. So, no matter what you do or decide you potentially are going to be offending someone. Is it possible to discuss it with both of them? As far as your own view is concerned, although it is a family event and you have to consider your brother's feelings, you are the host and it is your event, so your own personal feelings are a high priority consideration. Whether you adopt children or have your own, you're only leasing them for 18 years or so and there is no guarantee that any of them may alienate you and from you. It is important to put it all in the right perspective. If you stay with your decision, it might help your brother if you make it clear to his adopted daughter that it is ***your*** decision. I guess he can only hope that the girl matures further as she grows, and adopts a less extreme religious position. After all, there are plenty of religious LGBTQ people around.
Nah, it was the 28 bathrooms that got me. Every bedroom with it's own crapper, plus 1. Can you imagine what the design of the foul waste system would be like even if it's a rich man's mansion? Personally, I think I smell at least one rat in it somewhere.
Sometimes there are problems to which there are no solutions. Your father must know, despite whether he is misogynistic or narcissistic, that his behaviour is appalling and unacceptable, even by 21st Century Indian standards. Your mother is complicit in that she is accepting that standard of behaviour despite it being unacceptable by any humanitarian standards. You and your brother are trapped, but you are going to have to challenge the accepted norms of your culture because what other choice do you really have? This one incident sounds appalling in it's own right, never mind where it has built up from. How much worse do you think it can get? First plastic pipes, what next, steel ones? Baseball bats, knives? What happens if your father decides that he's had enough of it all and he decides to initiate divorce from your mother, even if he is the perpetrator? Is your mother ready for that? Are you and your brother ready for that? What does the law in India say is the responsibility of parents for the welfare of their children? What is the age of majority in India? When can you be thrown out of the home? Is there really any prospect of your father pulling himself together? If he is truly narcissistic the prospects are next to none.
Two people who think they're not good enough for one another. What could possibly go wrong? Mind you, even if one of you weren't like that it probably wouldn't make any difference. I have to candidly say that your story makes for tragically sad reading. I can sympathize with you about your state of anxiety as I have an issue with that too and struggle with dealing with it in a really positive way. The thing is, do you really want to give up? Is that it? And I'm not just talking about sex, but just about challenging aspects of life in general. I know it is a constant struggle and there are very few glimmers of light and hope, but give up altogether? I'm a lot older than you and while it seems hopeless at times, even I'm not prepared to give up because I perceive that as being even worse than being anxious. You're only 38. Can you imagine what the rest of your life is going to be like, gradually withdrawing from one personal challenge after another? I know that there are good practical reasons why there is no point in persevering. For example, if the anxiety prevents you from ever achieving orgasm, why on earth would you persevere? It's almost perverse to persevere in those circumstances, but to just give up altogether? It's very fatalistic. I know that the one way to overcome anxiety in general terms is to succeed. Doesn't matter what it is, just succeed, just for once, that one small, insignificant win boosts your ego and confidence for a short while and I think that's worth the uneven struggle. What gets me is that there seems to be no end to the struggle and overall I'm losing, I win small battles but I'm losing the overall war, of life. But maybe that's it, we aren't supposed to, it's just impossible. But really, I don't know for sure. I also know, at least as far as I am concerned, I don't give enough accumulative credit to my successes in life. In fact I almost discount them altogether as if they're not significant because I was/am supposed to succeed in them, so they don't count. Yet, I know a lot of people who couldn't have succeeded at them. In fact they would probably never attempt them. What must life be like for them, if I think my life is bad?
Where have you been? She was awarded "Cunt of the Year" award and actually turned up to be presented with it, all caught on video, of course.
Understanding and accepting is not the same as experiencing, so unless someone is like you then they can't understand like you. You are a POC but you are also mixed race. To me that means that not only white people can't feel like you do but it is also possible that POC who aren't mixed race can't feel what you feel the same way either, even though you may experience many things in common with them. As you say, you've received hate from both sides. That doesn't really surprise me. I worked for a short while with a POC, years back in Manc. His parents were both Jamaican, he was born in the UK like you. He told me about racism in Jamaica between those of pure POC ancestry and those who were mixed race, descended from the children of plantation owners and slaves many generations ago. He said that it was the latter who controlled the island, who controlled politics and money on the island. As a white person it never occurred to me that sort of thing can go on, but when you look around you we are surrounded by a myriad of different forms of racism and other forms of discrimination, at least in terms of meaning not accepting those who aren't like you. I simply call it tribalism, which is something you might not agree with but I think it can describe the sort of categorizing that people do to others at the drop of the hat. I'm not excusing racism by saying that but trying to set it in some sort of context about how humans behave towards one another by stigmatizing and stereotyping others, putting them into wee tribes even if the people who they do it to don't even want to be categorized like that. Hence why you've had hate from both black and white. The problem for POC in the UK, and elsewhere in Northern Europe and North America is that in terms of representation they are still a relatively small portion of the population despite what the likes of Nigel Farage, Paul Golding and Tommy Robinson would have their knuckle-dragging followers believe. As a mixed-race person, you are one step even lower in the pecking order. As someone said in one of our national dailies the other day, this isn't going to change until ordinary white people stand up in numbers and make it clear that it isn't acceptable, rather than simply saying it is wrong but otherwise looking the other way because they don't want to get involved in trouble. On the other hand, you can't make people like you, nor would you, I imagine, want that to happen, you just want to be treated like any other human being and, dare I say it, be hated for the sorts of reasons other people get hated for, apart from the colour of your skin, whether it is your fashion-sense or your political views because that is something you choose and can choose. I agree with the other people responding to you that maybe the thing to do is to consider getting involved in either POC action groups ie those that are 'colour-blind' to mixed race people or to get involved in the metropolitan social scene of places like London, Birmingham, Leeds or Manchester. Have a look on the Internet for special interest groups or look at Meetup. Having said that, when I moved to England decades ago someone told me there was a local Irish community group in the nearest city to me and suggested I should get involved. I thought "fuck that", it's that sort of thing I'm running away from, thank you very much. But, hey, you can't please everyone all of the time. And. Cheer up! Today's good news is that Katie Price has been perma-banned from Twitter, so there is that good news. We can all share in that. Hip, hip, hooray. It's the end of the week too. PS. In away, even though you experience racism, what you describe experiencing on a daily basis is alienation and there are a lot of people of all sorts of races who feel alienated. That to a large degree is what Trumpism and Brexit is about.
Hey, it's no consolation but there's plenty of us think that all the time and we haven't been through what you have been through. Too bad if we are all thinking the same thing at the same time. If it happened maybe sex and human procreation would stop and the race would become extinct. Mind you there are always those who plough on regardless, so there is that.
It's funny that you mention autism/Asperger's. I thought the same reading your original post but decided against raising it because it gets bandied about too often by non-experts like me. My limited understanding of Asperger's is that may have problems with body language or intonation or euphemism but when it comes to plain unambiguous language they are as competent as anyone else. Maybe there is more to it than that, that for example, he hears the message but it doesn't literally mean the same thing as it does to you and me. In other words, it doesn't have the same significance. I don't know. There are an awful lot of people who don't want to step out of their comfort zone who are not autistic in any way. They just don't like change and they may just get anxious at the prospect of it. Personally, I believe we all have to keep on learning to the grave, even if we don't relish it because the world won't stand still for us. Having said that, there clearly are a lot of people who will have no truck with it no matter what it is and although a lot of it can be age-related not all of it is, by any means. When you mention the issue about fates and spending money I must admit I feel guilty but that is simply because I don't have a lot of it to throw about and I do worry about it, so I would appreciate someone who appreciates the effort and imagination, rather than the spend, but if money is not really an issue for either of you then I can understand you have a different perspective about it. It may be that he has grown up in an environment where it was an issue so that even when his own situation has changed his conditioning means his attitude doesn't change. This is a recognized phenomenon. I read a story only last week about an English Premiership football player who is being paid a six figure sum on a weekly basis who was photographed with an iPhone with a broken screen who when asked about why he hadn't just replaced it said that it still worked otherwise, so why would he replace it? I think he was from somewhere like the Sudan and he was spending hundreds of thousands of pounds in social welfare schemes back home. He was much applauded for his attitude. As far as the language issue is concerned, I can understand your frustration, but I can also understand his point of view. English, as in US English has become the global lingua franca, almost by accident. I can see why he would want to stick with it as an alternative to his own language because it allows so many people to converse in common, despite the fact that it is not the most commonly spoken language in the world. The Board of Directors of Diamler-Benz in Germany conduct their board meetings in English, rather than German, purely for strategic reasons, if nothing else. But I digress. I'm afraid you may have to practice your language skills by other means if you are going to stay where you are. A part-time job in the service sector might be the way to go so you can practice your idiomatic language skills. In summary, I don't know what to say to you or what to suggest. It seems you have a real tough nut to crack on your hands. I can only think that the only option open to you is to be very candid and explicit in your discussions with him in terms of trying to get him to understand to the extent of even discussing with him why it so difficult for him to change and whether being like that is disadvantageous to him and to try to encourage him to put himself under pressure because ultimately it is beneficial to him.
I know this is a crazy idea but what if you rang the cops and explained your situation to them and asked for practical advice, seeing you are proposing to break the law re parking somewhere? Probably they will tell you to piss off but there is a small chance they won't and if they can't help you maybe they can suggest someone who would? What about trying to get in contact with any trans support groups, even ones not local to you who might give you advice? I'm afraid you are a victim of the situation, of poor and few options. I would worry about your safety if you went back to him. Is there any way you can get a loan, from social survives, to tie you over until you get paid in your new job?
😉 Every support group may not be for you because we are all individuals despite the fact that people insist on shoe-horning us into wee categories. As I said, we are all individuals and we all have our own personal values, independent of others. I didn't and still don't hold with the typical opinion of my social background in N Ireland. I love telling Irish people I'm British and telling British people I'm Irish when in reality I'm actually neither. I'm me, whatever that means today, and what it might mean tomorrow, should I decide it should change. Fuck anyone who thinks they can tell me otherwise. I'm not your slave or servant. How could anything be any more appropriate than that right now?
Don't take it personally, but there are so many images of twat floating around on the Internet, fresh off the presses, so-to-speak, that it makes my old, decrepit, senile, brain spin. Yes? No? Lie down in a darkened room? You've no idea the damage you're doing.
I took it twice, on prescription. I agree with your doctor as far as any other form of treatment is concerned. The risk controversy is around suicide risk especially in young people, teenagers. Personally, I experienced no such problem. If anything what would have made me suicidal would have been suffering from acne all my teenage and adult life. I wonder if those who committed suicide didn't do so because of Accutane, but because of the affect of acne on their mental state? I don't know. I only wish it had been possible to take it for longer, more frequently, but there you go. Is using a topical treatment such as Retin-A a feasibility for you or does your acne affect your whole body? PS. Accutane is basically a super-dose of a derivative of Vitamin A, but I guess you already know that.
Man wanking = Feline spectator sport. God knows what they're thinking. Starve them and then at the appropriate moment offer them food. If you're going to take more than 5 mins, too bad. It's either that or offer them video.
Denim mini-skirt equals cut-off jeans with no crotch. I never see anything like that. Must have to do with the fact that I walk around looking at the ground all the time. I've seen more road traffic accidents.
It only works like that in the movies.
Fair point. Hopkins would be disappointed that you have never heard of her except for the fact that her life has now just got a lot more difficult seeing her way of making a living is by publicly hating people.
It's almost as if you are just along for the ride, to do things his way or not at all and when an issue comes to a point he is either going to ignore you or stay silent. In other words, it's the way he copes. Maybe he also can't cope with 'teaching' you a language? It all points towards disengagement which might be an Asperger's issue or some other form of behavioural disorder. And then as you say there are the two children who it sounds as if he is disregarding as well. What is the story about their mother? Is there any relevant story there? The problem is that if you can't get him to accept there is a general issue between him and you and even between him and the whole of his world then there is absolutely nothing you can do. The irony is that if you were more like him then it might actually work because you both would exist in your own self-contained existence and only communicating with the "outside world" on a minimal basis. What is he like in social situations, interacting with strangers, day-to-day? Would you say he has a self-isolating personality? What does he do job-wise? How old are the kids? Could you engage in German/English with them and teach them something? Bottom line, do you feel like a housekeeper/care giver?
Be honest with yourself. Reflecting on the actual events at the time, have you any doubts about whether she consented to sex, even albeit reluctantly? How does she characterise how you forced her into sex?
I've visions of you walking with your knees together and your buttocks sticking outwards, might be a bit conspicuous and invite all sorts of awkward questions.
Can you sing a tune?
Irrationality - live, in action. As you say, why did they bother? Surely they must have known what the outcome was going to be?
Fit. I'm envious.
I tell you, I saw it. It's alive! I tell you it's alive! PS. Have you lost your clit? Should we put out an APB to start a search?
I would like to add that SSRIs and SRNIs are frequently prescribed, off-prescription, for the treatment of anxiety. Bupropion/Wellbutrin is not prescribed for the treatment of anxiety.
Consolidate her desire to have sex with you, whatever it takes.
Don't be hard on yourself. These people can be really good at spinning a yarn, even to the extent that they may even believe themselves at the time. On the other hand I wouldn't be surprised if he has previous form. I'm a hardened cynic, hence if I hear a perfect story then I'm suspicious because no-one is that good. Whatever you do, don't let it put you off. There is the imperfect man out there for you that is perfect enough for you. In the meantime work on yourself in a positive way. You will develop the ability to smell the wrong ones out. PS. Let's face it, if he had been up to the job, he should have been to discuss the issue about the frequency of sex in a mature, calm and constructive manner without having to launch into an abusive outburst. That's a sign of someone who's been struggling for some time but been unable to deal with an awkward situation, putting it off until he just reaches breaking point and reacts impulsively. It's all too common. He could have said something like, "When you said you were really keen on sex I didn't imagine how keen because that isn't my experience, I've just underestimated the situation". From there you could have had an adult discussion. If you have the presence of mind, which to be honest we all don't have all the time, you can handle tricky situations in an optimum way, although there is no infallible approach because the other person is a factor you don't have control over, but you can try to influence them in the best way possible.
Reset yourself psychologically. Your sister can't cope with you and feels inadequate as a result. Your views are simply undermining her and it's got to her. You've implicitly undermined her opinions, faith, beliefs, competence and she just can't cope with it. As an aside, it might be interesting to know why you are just so very different people. It wouldn't surprise me that when you make broad criticisms of religious people, for example, that she thinks you are drawing on your experience with her to form your views. You can't accommodate people like that because you can't back over backwards enough for them. Don't lose contact with your nieces. When they're old enough, they will begin to assert themselves and cause more misery for her. And build a sound support group around you. It's worth it's weight in gold. PS. If you know you're right, don't allow yourself to be intimidated. If we don't have some people in our lives that hate us we probably aren't doing it right and we are being too compliant. Your sister just tried to bully because she is feeling worthless.
Were you the only guy in the workplace? If there were other men, did she treat them the same. There's an old saying, "Never shit on your own doorstep". It should especially apply if you are a boss person, male or female. In the past I might have occasionally touched someone on the elbow or shoulder to get their attention or tapped them on the arm, but not now, I would sooner pull my finger nails out. It should have been possible for you to have stood your ground without feeling you had to give the job up, but it would have taken confidence to do that and to know where you stood as far as company policy about employee conduct stands. Where companies have policies they are not drawn up with double-standards because that would become a legal nightmare but implementation is another matter especially if employees don't feel confident to stand their ground. Hopefully as time progresses, both women and men will becomes more assertive as we read of manager x or y getting fired over things like that. It sounds as if your boss was just over-confident in herself and lacked the presence of mind not to be doing what she was doing. If she had had ulterior motives, I think you would be telling us a lot more.
I can understand why you get high or drunk in an effort to get off ie it's about losing any inhibitions and basically not giving a fuck (excuse the pun). Unfortunately, getting high or drunk may have an adverse affect because it interferes with your sexual function in a negative way. It might help but it is a fine line between helping and causing problems. You've probably come to that conclusion yourself already. Guy number one was probably your ideal sexual partner although maybe he wasn't an ideal partner for other reasons. If you could come from oral sex but not PiV sex. you would be a typical female. 70% of women can't come reliably from PiV sex. That's because your clitoris is your sexual organ, not your vagina. Even if you come vaginally your clitoris is involved, either because during it your clitoris is being rubbed against or if your G-spot is involved it is actually part of your clitoris. I wonder if he knew that? If you can't orgasm clitorally you are more likely not to orgasm vaginally. Therefore, you need to focus first on coming clitorally. If that can't happen for you because you can't surrender to the experience then you have a problem, which is a state of mind. If you masturbate what works for you? Your best option is to replicate what works for you in masturbation in sex. If you get anxious at the prospect of orgasming or not then you need to concentrate on learning how to relax and to put it crudely, not give a fuck. Once you start getting tense about what might happen then it is more likely not to happen. I would suggest a period of experimentation, whether it be through wanking or casual sex where you just concentrate on the process of arousal and pushing yourself to orgasm. That way you will learn a lot about your physiological responses, rather than what triggers you psychologically and emotionally. Men instinctively know how to trigger orgasm in themselves physiologically. Women needs to understand how to do the same to themselves and then figure out how to translate that into sexual function. I accept that this is more of a challenge for women than men.
I'm not defending her, god knows what her motives were, whether she fancied her chances or whether she was just trying to wind you up. Some people, both male or female, when they sense a weakness in someone else will ruthlessly exploit it just because it amuses them. Who knows really in individual cases. During my long career I have had a couple of female bosses who abused their position but that was because they weren't up to the job. Your situation sounds as if it was different but you still have to learn to stick up for yourself, just in principle, not just because of the situation you found yourself in. I know that isn't easy but it is simply what real life is like. You could have called her bluff. I hope you learn something from the experience because it is likely to happen again in one form or another. All I can tell you is that in my experience, the worst cunts I had as bosses were all men, the women were amateurs by comparison.
I shouldn't want to argue with you but your single personal experience doesn't negate what is the experience of women in general. You are an exception, maybe a lucky one but the general truth is that most women orgasm clitorally and your experience doesn't actually help the OP. Women, ie the majority, ie 70%, don't reliably orgasm vaginally. It's a simple fact that women's sexual organ is their clitoris, not their vagina. Even women who experience orgasm via the G-spot, which probably does not exist as a separate organ and is actually part of the clitoris are actually experiencing a clitoral orgasm, not a vaginal one despite believing the sensation is different. Having a different experience is not incompatible with a clitoral orgasm. The clitoris surrounds the opening of the vagina but the vagina itself has few if any nerve endings in it. It is essential that men take this important message on board because sefishly poking away at most women's vaginas is just a self-indulgent masturbation exercise. Their sex lives will be short-lived on that basis.
What would make it wrong to you, apart from it getting back to him? What's he going to be doing in the meantime? Will he likely sign up to Tinder? Instead of worrying about what he might think about it, how about thinking about how you will feel about it in the future. Will you likely have any regrets about it later? It's really a question of what you can live with, rather than react impulsively. Why is a "hoe" phase appealing? Or is it?
Maybe you won't agree with this, but what I would suggest to you is to search out discussion forums, whether it be here on Reddit or elsewhere, and find women discussing masturbation, wanking, whatever you like to call it. Just read lots and lots about them talking about difficulties in masturbating and orgasming and what methods they've tried, to just open your mind to alternative possibilities. I read a post on r/sex just a few hours ago when another woman said she could/would always come in about three minutes and she was wondering whether that was too quick and whether she should try to slow down. I remember thinking at the time that women such as you would wish to have her problem. We all acknowledge that we are not all the same and can't be all the same, even if we wanted to, but on the other hand it is a pity if we have not investigated as many of the possibilities about ourselves as are available to us. PS. Are you on any medication that may affect you, such as hormonal birth control or anti-depressants?
Nothing can enhance your natural body. Don't know how you will take that.
Is that straight as in "not curved"? Do you automatically assume that if another man gives you compliments that it must be a gay thing? That's really insecure. Too many men are like that and it stunts them emotionally. It doesn't bother nearly as many women in the same way at all.
If he's as kind and loving as you say, then I would be tempted to put it to the test ie your mother or his denomination stipulation. You know, it smacks a bit of "recruitment through marriage"? Maybe that isn't fair, but that is how it looks from outside. I get what you say about your mother's position with her friends but frankly I wouldn't regard that as a true friendship if conditions or tests are part of it, which seems to be the case. She can only marry him on the condition that, etc and she can only remain friends on the condition that, etc. I think the distinction between the two scenarios is quite small, to be honest. I know how it happens ie it's a bit like joining a club with club 'rules' and if you don't stick to the 'rules' then you can't be part of the club any more and it is membership of the club which creates the friendships in the first place because of what the members share in common. The sad thing is that a lot of this in certain societies stems from colonialism and the ex-colonial powers have abandoned it for the most part, but the irony is that it still exists in the countries that they invaded and took control of. To me, that is worse than sad. Anyway, good luck to your mother, whatever happens. And good luck to you and your siblings.
Sounds as if he is a creature of habit, in the very literal sense. Is it just annoying or is it also boring. Also, wtf doesn't he listen to you? What's wrong with him? I think I would get more annoyed by the fact he doesn't listen than by what he does. What else does he never hear you saying? I'll bet there is lots.
You tell them it's private and that you don't intend to talk about it. It needs to be no more complicated than that. You don't owe them any explanation just because they're your siblings.
&gt;I’m introverted, have some psychological scarring from family issues If you were describing a physical ailment or handicap would you be going to a doctor to seek any form of treatment?
Sounds like a plan. Sometimes you can only do so much.
I only have one brother and there's plenty I could have stuck my nose into over the years but I know that not only should I not ask questions at times but also not say things at times. My brother is much less reticent but then diplomacy or tact was never one of his strong games. All siblings keep information from one another, it's just when it is known that it is being kept from everyone that it becomes an issue. If they want to complain about it or object, ask them what is there that they keep to themselves. You'll get a stony silence in return.
There you are. Ask, just to kill *that* conversation stone dead. You don't even need to be testy, just matter-of-fact. Miss Marples-style should do it.
Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear.
Only if she puts a line in her OLD profile that says "Looking for guys 4" or more taller than me because I like to wear my heels". In which case you walk away for, oh, all sorts of reasons. As they say, when you're horizontal, it doesn't matter. PS. It helps if you are mega-rich in which case the height stipulation magically disappears. Call me cynical, if you like.
Before you know it, you'll be dancing the Tango, although maybe not dressed like that. On the other hand, dancing the Tango like that could actually make it interesting.
Ooh! Get you. Controversial. Next you'll be telling us how you like the simple things in life.
Don't breathe in too deeply or the caper will be up completely.
Full metal jacket?
Look forward, just one step at a time. It's what you once did naturally until life got complicated and you started looking at the clock. It happens. You'll be amazed what being totally self-reliant will do to you and you will quickly find out what is important and what is not, just because you have to.
I know this is a stupid question but are you sure he's not just too big for you? I'm afraid it does happen either in respect of girth or length. You can always do something about length but girth is something you can't do anything about and from your description it sounds as if it could be an issue. Have you any other reference points that you can compare with?
Bang goes that theory then. Getting advice from a specialist seems the only option. It's possible that you're now experiencing vaginismus, even if you didn't to begin with. You need to take the guesswork out of it and put an end to your suffering. You mention tampons. I assume you have no problem using them. If so, have you considered tried inserting a dildo that is of smaller girth than your partner, well-lubricated of course, to see what happens. Part of the treatment protocol for vaginismus is to use a series of increasingly larger dilators. I have to admit it sounds brutal and like experimenting on yourself. Women have a lot to put up with. I'm wondering whether you have any concerns if giving birth might be an issue? What about routine gynae exams? Do you have any issues there?
Because windows in schools aren't allowed to open fully in case the kids try to escape or commit suicide by jumping out the ground floor. Now that I think about it my old grammar school building was like that. You could only open the windows a few inches by pulling down on a spring-loaded catch via a finger loop. The window was restricted by side limiters that the window frame sat in. 40 years later and I'm only realising that. It never struck me then. Maybe it explains the holes kicked in the hardboard walls in many of the classrooms. Just in case anyone thinks grammar schools are always posh places.
Naked is normal. We have to be taught that it isn't.
Well ain't we all lucky?
Very nice.
Obscene. Seems a pity to stick a knife in it.
You know where he can shove it, don't you? I've got news for him. Bachelordom awaits him where his fist is his best and only friend.
He is a resolutely inadequate man and he's making you suffer as a result of it. If he's neglecting his personal care it could be a sign of depression. Je might need help but nevertheless his behaviour is still unacceptable when he makes others suffer as a result. The accusations of unfaithfulness iS completely unacceptable without evidence. That is just psychological abuse. I'm sure there are other examples.
There are bits he doesn't know? Tut. That isn't supposed to happen. But, hey-ho, imagine if the world was perfect. He should be lending his fingers on a regular basis. I guess it's too late to educate him? You should offer him ***man***icures, right down to buff-honed finger-nails.
Jock = Jockey, a well-known brand of men's underwear. Also can refer to "jock-strap" which is a pointlessly pervy form of men's "athletic support" which consists of a hammock for you dick and balls with no seat to them but a couple of straps that are attached to the hammock under your crotch and which attach at two points wide-apart of the wide elasticated waistband behind your back.
Men don't get excited about their underwear the same way women do about theirs. Let's face it, there's only so much you can do dressing up meat and two veg. Yet, it's your money. He shouldn't offer his opinion and you should ask for it either. PS. Why ask a question that you already know the answer to? ;-)
Good Lord! Under the yoke of oppression of women's fetish about hamster hammocks. When will it end? Where will it end?
Maybe she can go back to Tom, after all these years? If you know that you're just not acting on impulse that might result in regrets, stick to your guns. Not only did you overhear her but you've also made your feelings about her known. Careless talk and all that guff.
Sorry you asked? Impressed by the quality of answers to your actual situation? This is what is called a "pile-on".
You may have your problems, you need an objective, expert view on that and you should take the possibility of it seriously because it could be a handicap to you going forward. Having said that it does sound as if the way your father and his partner have reacted is wholly inappropriate and inadequate, even if you are difficult to deal with. It sounds as if they weren't/aren't prepared to try. What is your own honest appraisal of yourself? More importantly, what are you going to do now? PS. If you're fighting with the world, stop, because you won't win.
It sounds like your sister has decided nudity should not be an issue for awkwardness and your parents have decided it isn't a big enough deal to turn into a major crisis. So why is she doing it? Have you asked her, or are you making demands that she just stops it because if you are the likelihood is that she is only going to double-down to spell out the message that she's not taking orders from you. Maybe your parents are hoping she'll get bored with it eventually. The world is a hostile place for people with fragile dispositions. Straight, gay, whatever. It's definitely an advantage if you can cope with issues that shouldn't normally cause you physical or psychological harm. Could you make a feasible case that her exhibitionism is doing you psychological harm?
You are a humanitarian and to be applauded for that. How good are your persuasive skills? How can you persuade him to stick it out despite his first instinct being against it? How much would you want to stay with someone who would force you to choose? These are all important considerations. Can you flatter his ego? Do you think he could be a good adoptive father? How can you make it worth his while? How can you make it a better gamble to stick with you and your nieces, rather than take his chances again on the "open market"? What would be your selling points to try to convince him that your idea would be better, more attractive to him? Raise kids while you are young and can deal with it? Take the kids with you when they're older and travel the world with them as part of a diversified education? Travel the world when you are older and kids can look after themselves and when you've paid for a home and saved for your retirement and when money is no longer the concern it is now? Time to put your thinking cap on and see what you can come up with. Do you both or either of you want bio kids of your own? You have to factor that in. If you're going to take in your nieces you are going to have to go through a whole host of hurdles adopting them. There will probably be counselling as part of that. Maybe talk to whoever is involved about the pros and cons? Also, have you thought about the possibility of your brother and his partner/ex continuing to breed? If they do, you can't possibly keep up with it.
What do you really think about how your husband is treating you? Not just about his unilateral decision to publicize the pictures without your permission, but also now effectively telling you to piss off despite you pleas? You've got two issues. One is the practical problem which you have already had dome advice about. It is almost certain in today's legal climate in most Western countries that your husband has committed a criminal offence that could also see him on a sex offenders register in some jurisdictions. However, nothing is likely to happen unless you make a formal complaint. Maybe you can use that as leverage. The second issue you have is your husband's behaviour and attitude. He has basically treated you as if you and your feelings simply don't matter. Frankly, I would be surprised if this s completely out of the blue, even if it is the most egregious example of his behaviour towards you. He's basically treating you like you are his chattel. This is totally unacceptable. This thing about whether you are god enough-looking isn't about you being insulted but about him being insulted because someone suggested he married someone who was ugly and that was the best he could do. It really is that blatant. He doesn't really care whether you were insulted. His behaviour is effectively abusive even though it may not seem so. What's more, given the right circumstances he'll do it again because he believes he was justified in doing it.
There's nothing fundamentally wrong with you. He told you it was him, he proved to you it was him and despite the fact that it seems as if he was gaslighting you a bit towards the end as a form of self-defence, it doesn't really change the fact that it really was him. I don't believe any of us are perfect, far from it. Do we make mistakes? Of course we do. We make mistakes that we don't even realize are mistakes. We make 'mistakes' quite wilfully sometimes just to make an important point. Sometimes we make mistakes because we are forgetful. What we owe to ourselves is to learn from the mistakes that we don't want to make because they're not good for our welfare. It seems that you engaged him in a enquiring way, not by being inquisitorial. It's possible that he eventually saw it that way but if he did then it was just inevitable You kept coming back to him and he kept avoiding the issue. Setting aside the upset of the break-up, what is there you would do differently, that you might reasonably expect to have a resulted in a different outcome? Do you have to look at events with him and conclude that really he was a fragile ego who couldn't cope with your upfront approach? There are plenty of men who have fragile egos and can't cope. They're not all strong characters and you can't assume that they will be. I think using the word "aggressive" is unfortunate because it can have different connotations in different circumstances. I don't think someone who is forward about talking about and confronting issues is aggressive, but someone who is a problem avoider, a conflict avoider, may well regard it as being aggressive. It really does depend on the whole context of the situation and about the nature of the personalities of the people involved. I've worked for women who thought they had to prove that they could wear trousers and sport a beard but, really it isn't what the world needs more of and in the short story you've related I haven't perceived you as being that sort of person, unless you want to tell me different. I know what an aggressive female looks like and frankly I wouldn't get involved with them in the first place because life is just too short. By the way, dysfunctionally aggressive women don't have doubts about themselves, they just plough on regardless leaving a trail of destruction behind them. Does that describe you? I'm sure that there is plenty you can learn from the experience and things you might do differently, but that is just part of the learning process. Sit back and ask yourself this. "If I or he had stuck with this, in the way that it was currently playing out, could this relationship have survived, never mind flourished"? Put it another way, if he hadn't pulled the plug, how much longer would you have gone on before *you* pulled the plug? Always try to keep a sane perspective on events. It will do you the power of good.
I can see now why other people think you are trolling and I'm now getting a nose for it because I'm being to think that you are trying to get a reaction from people to what seems like an extreme or outrageous position. If you are, stop it because there are women who do find themselves in this sort of situation. You're now adding embellishments to your original post and there are parts of your story that should have been in your original post. I'm cutting you off at this point.
THey're *shorts*? I think that may be playing fast-and-loose with the word.
A petty point I know, but you aren't describing a stoic man. Far from it. You're describing someone who has lost the plot in a major way but who I suspect will never accept that he has. I'm just another punter but I suspect that as long as she puts up with this he will keep it up simply because he has no incentive to engage in introspection. Things are probably going to have to get a lot worse for him before he comes to his senses, if he ever does at all. It is important to note that if their son is witnessing any of this it is almost inconceivable that this is not doing him some harm in some way. If her parents don't like the man and his own mother is asking questions, then it is unlikely that this behaviour is due to his circumstances because this sounds like an element of his behaviour from before they even met. The fact that she is major bread-winner is something for him to factor into the situation, not her. It is frankly abhorrent to think she's taking this abuse because he is likely to end up on the street or whatever. Whether he's got psychological failings or not that require treatment is not a good enough reason for her to put up with it nor continue to subject her son to it. She has a responsibility there. As far as you getting involved, think very careful about getting involved at all. If you do it may only exacerbate the situation because if he finds out you will be one of the scum who conspired to put ideas in her head and then you become a target too with no certainty that she won't side with him. Some victims come to believe they are at fault. Do you know any of the parents involved? Do you know whether they are aware in specific terms about what is going on? The only way you should get involved, if at all, is to get her to talk about it. Telling, even suggesting what she should do is a risky proposal. She has to talk herself into seeing the situation in an appropriate way. She has to see that she should no longer put up with it. She is the one who has to decide what she should do and when. Otherwise it won't work. One of the many questions I would be asking is whether her son witnesses this and what his reaction is to it when he does. God forbid that he models his future behaviour towards women on his father's behaviour. It is not a certainty but it is more than possible.
He could be 100% gay, but on the strength of the 'evidence' you've got, there is no way you can safely assume that he is. In fact, if you look back at you own comments you are even suggesting that he might be more gay than even he thinks, so basically you've got nothing of substance to go on. I can understand your reluctance to broach the subject with him. As others point out, he could just be another man, gay, straight or in-between, who has an issue with getting and remaining erections either due to physical or psychological factors. You have said that he's said that he's not very experienced and maybe confidence and anxiety are factors. The only advice I can give you is to proceed on the basis that the most likely cause is the probable cause until proven otherwise. If it is something that you can't deal with or don't want to deal with make your tactful withdrawal, it would be entirely understandable.
The only person who can really answer that is women who have tried both, but there are really so many variables that could apply to either context that an answer might be "It depends" but I think the straight answer has to "b No it doesn't because you can't replicate something like that" but it doesn't mean that it would be better from your perspective. A dildo can't replicate the experience, good or bad, it's not just about the substance (as in material). You could always ask your gf if she's experienced it if you haven't already. There is no reason why alternative experiences should not be tried merely to satisfy curiosity. It wouldn't mean you weren't really gay. PS. Maybe trying a strap-on is the way for you both to go? It all depends on how you both feel about the subject of penetration.
Your post begs a rather obvious question ie if you're not getting anything out of hookups then why are you getting involved in them? Are there other issues involved that you would prefer not to reveal? It is quite possible you do need an emotional involvement but it is also possible that you are just involved in a bad hook-up arrangement. Whether you are emotionally involved or not sex should be an enjoyable experience if that is what you want.
It seems like you not only have a disparity between you as far as sexual preferences are concerned but also in terms of emotional communication. If a relationship requires flexibility and compromise to survive, never mind thrive, how do people cope with that, accommodate it, and how far is too far to compromise? Is a relationship where there are contrasts between the two people an opportunity to expand your emotional and sexual horizons? Is life a life-long learning experience? Can you cope better with life if you can be adoptable or flexible? Is the problem that one person is prepared to entertain being flexible but is concerned or resentful that the other person is not?
LOL. That's the sort of distorted perspective a wide-angle lens causes in relation to the depth of field. Just as well the combination of our stereo vision and brain deals with that, or we would be frightened all the time. Just sayin'.
No, but it would be weird to be collecting it in a jar. Just sayin'.
You seem to be unaware of being racist when, in fact you are being racist. Also you offer a justification for your racism that is both irrelevant and invalid. That is quite some going in just a couple of sentences. Instead of telling me that you aren't racist, maybe ask yourself why two completely separate strangers think you are racist in just over 20 mins of you posting your opinion. It's better if you figure it out for yourself.
If you don't want to engage with her in the future, put up a 6ft garden fence. Tell them you want some privacy.
Ah, no she isn't. What's been seen cannot be unseen, what has been heard cannot be unheard. He now has a more complete picture of his neighbour thanks to her witless behaviour and he can't, nor is he obliged to, pretend it didn't happen.
You're contradicting yourself.
You really are incapable of understanding the issue, although I can't help wondering whether you also don't want to understand it because all I'm reading are poor excuses for it. The only real question is whether it bothers you or not. I'm guessing that it doesn't.
Seeing you are so keen on statistics, the stats on police killing blacks or using sus laws against them is disproportionate to the size of that population. Also, black individuals aren't imagining when they're stopped for no other reason than the fact that they are black. And you as a taxpayer are paying for it. You are a law-abiding taxpayer, aren't you?
Why do you think whether you are from Canada or not is relevant or why who abolished slavery when is relevant or not? i don't care where you are from. It is supremely irrelevant to the question posed by the OP. Your critical reasoning skills are as close to zero as makes no difference.
If you are still in a position where there is no pressure on you then you can take as long as you like. Your boyfriend seems to be prepared to wait because of your past. However, forever is a very long time. What may help you is to consider what conditions would make the time right. That may involve specific steps leading to that event. It's appropriate for you to take control of your sexuality but then you have a decision to make about what you do with it. Whether you wait until marriage is one element of that. Is paying allegiance to that principle, one determined by others, an appropriate part of that self-determination? Put it another way, what would the reasons be for adhering to that principle? For example, is it something that God actually requires? On a practical note would you have any concern about your sexual compatibility before marriage? You should maybe ask yourself whether your boyfriend is being patient because he hopes that being patient will result in a positive outcome. What if it doesn't. What you maybe have to consider beyond all these complications is whether you really want to have sex with your boyfriend or, for that matter, you want to have sex at all, period. It could be an important consideration for you.
Is he being manipulative or is he just feeling lonely? Or is he being manipulative because he is lonely? As the offspring of divorced parents you can easily find yourself between a rock and a hard place and trying to exercise the judgement of Solomon. In that sort of situation I think your only real option is to play devils advocate. You are trying to walk a careful line between your divorced parents and thus don't want to be perceived as being biased one way or another. Irrespective of what acrimony may still exist between your parents you need his cooperation to help you maintain a balance. If you can't maintain that balance then it may threaten the harmony of the relationship that you are trying to maintain with both of them. Perceived fairness is an important part of that and it is important that he doesn't effectively force you to take sides. There is going to be life beyond Covid. These are abnormal times and hence usual arrangements don't work but some day they must.
You have a level of self-loathing that is seriously concerning. I think you need to consider whether you need help with dealing with it. If you hadn't ever orgasmed would you still be loathing yourself?
Please think about seeking counselling or therapy. Talk to you doctor. I know it's not easy but they will prefer that you do rather than you don't.
"Stuff"? What does the term "emotionally mature" mean to you? About communication? About behaviour? About attitude? What does "communicating at a higher level" mean to you? Is it about vocabulary and being able to express feelings? What leads to you asking questions? A lack of understanding? A lack of acceptance? Wanting to challenge a lot? Being overly defensive? Where does perception fall in all of this? Her perception of you. Your perception of her. Do you feel apprehensive about trying to communicate with her? Are you afraid of offending her? Has she ever tried to explain what her frustrations are with you? Has she ever said to you what she thinks you should do about it? Does she express frustration with you? Do you get an impression that she thinks that your behaviour towards her is not authentic? Most importantly, what thoughts do you have about what you ought to do, how you ought to go about it and whether and how you ought to communicate that to her? Having thoughts like you are having about a situation is half the battle. An awful lot of people go through what you feel you are going through without ever understanding that there is an issue or at least one that they can define in some meaningful way. Communication is a two-way process, so it has to be satisfactory both ways. It may be that your wife is not as good at communicating with you as you seem to think.
He sounds immature, unthinking, unobserving, lacking introspection, insensitive, maybe even presumptive. If you think that he has such strong preferences for white women and he is rich, why does he not just leave you and go get one of these white women? It would be easy being rich because it does make a difference for reasons I won't go into here. I don't understand why he doesn't but there may be complex reasons why it hasn't happened. Why is he so critical of you? Is it just habitual on his part? You say that he isn't as critical of white girls, is that because he isn't in a personal relationship with one? Do you think he could be just as critical of one if he was? Do you feel he is taking advantage of you because of your background because he thinks he can get away with it? There are so many possibilities but when you get back to it, people who are rich and privileged very often, not always, have attitude issues with everyone, not just you. Look at the world around you, at public figures who are rich and privileged and consider the reputation they have for treating others. Is his behaviour that remarkable in that respect? People are incompatible for all sorts of reasons. Sometimes the incompatibility gap is something that can be addressed but where it is really fundamental you have to question whether it is possible to deal with it.
Overload everything!
Yep. I'm inevitably wondering how you would be getting on with his bullies, as adults.
May I get this straight, have you ever orgasmed at any point during sex with him? It may be that isn't important to you but it is an important issue in terms of understanding your post. I'm confused by what you're saying. You say you don't like sex/semen but you want him to enjoy sex and he enjoys pleasuring you. That to me, doesn't sound as if it is squaring up. Do you think that even if you orgasmed during sex it would not make any difference to how you felt about sex? What would your attitude be if he just masturbated you to orgasm and didn't have PiV sex with you? You must know best but the gist of the message I get from your post is that you don't like sex but you do it anyway. I suspect that this is a lot more common than is acknowledged. The question is, is it inevitable or something that should be addressed, not just in respect of you but for women in general? Do you think that this is sustainable in the long term or will something have to change? I'm talking in terms of years which might be too presumptive on my part.
The plan you have just makes practical, pragmatic sense in terms of personal survival. Don't be ashamed of taking that approach because the situation you find yourself is an unequal one and there is virtually nothing that you can do about it right now. Being 15/16 is a typical age at which people want to assert their individuality in so many ways, including religion. There are many people in your sort of situation who have made impulsive decisions and regretted it for the reasons that you fear, so you are justified in thinking like that. When people like you ask, the advice is always "Wait until you are financially independent". Always. There is no disgrace in that. I don't know what your relationship is like with your parents in respect of other core issues and beliefs. If it is good it is sad that there could be alienation between you over that one subject. Parents always judge you, it's part of being a parent. Some people are better at handling it than others, either in terms of what they 'police' and how they 'police' it. On that spectrum your parents sound like they are on the stricter and more absolutist end of the spectrum. They should have made allowance for your developing knowledge, experience and beliefs gradually over a period of time in terms of preparing you for adulthood. However, you have to consider that they in their turn were probably not parented in a way that would be regarded as good. As far as religion is concerned, the old saying that you can "lead a horse to water but you cannot force it to drink" is very apt. You are that horse. You cannot force someone to believe against their will and it really is not a sign of good parenting to force someone to participate just because it is the social norm and the pressure that comes with it. They may be concerned about not only them being socially ostracized if you did not go to church but you also being socially ostracized. I don't know where you live, whether it is a small one-tune community or a more diverse metropolitan community. Even in a small community where the majority of the people in it are either not religious or don't overtly pursue it, things are really different.
&gt; she has a masters degree in communication Well. So, yes, there you go. I could make some sort of snarky comment right now, but what would the point be? You know, there are all sorts of comments or observations I could make that could be right, wrong or just plain irrelevant, but I would end up writing a tome and you know that I won't spend the time doing that for all sorts of very good reasons both from my point of view and yours too. You know what I'm about to say, don't you? Counselling. That's it. Subject. Inter-personal communications. I don't know what your wife's masters actually entailed. However, it would be fair to ask, was it designed for her to deal with inter-personal communication? Basically, what you are telling me is that your wife has a personality that has an intuition for communication, or at least it seems that way. She is introspective, predictive and doesn't act on impulse or instinct. You are, um, not like that, ahem. That gives you a bit of a disadvantage in terms of interacting with society. The essential key to this is "What are 'they' thinking"? The probability is that you won't ever be a natural communicator but I'm sure that won't come as a surprise to you. Yet you are aware, so there is introspection. You just don't know what to do, and are afraid of doing, for fear of the reaction that it might induce. There should be nothing wrong in you telling your wife that because she knows that already, it won't come as a surprise to her. It might come as a surprise hearing you say it. Making her aware of your self-awareness, such as it might be is a potentially useful strategy as part of making her aware that you want to do something about it. You might even make her aware of the fact that you know that you'll never be a natural but you want to be better at it. Communication is a two-way process. I don't need a Masters in Communication to know that. An important element of successful communication between people. There are important implications in that. When you are communicating with someone you have not only an obligation to convey your message adequately, using the appropriate language, but you also have a responsibility to ensure that the other party has not only heard the message, functionally received it, but that the message that you have conveyed to them has been correctly interpreted. It is negligent to assume that it has been correctly interpreted and it isn't acceptable to just expect that people should "get it" or for that matter, that they have not misinterpreted it. As a character said in a certain B-movie, "Assumption is the mother of all fuck-ups". On the basis of what *you* are saying to *me*, it seems as if your wife is not practising what she preaches or, at least, what she believes she is an expert in. It is also simply plain wrong to assume everyone should know as much about communication as you, or maybe as little, as maybe in this situation. I'm definitely not suggesting that you tackle the subject head-on with her about it because that is not likely to be beneficial. What you need to do is to try and adopt her techniques and ultimately do better than that. I don't know whether you can do that but part of the battle is wanting to. It would be ambitious. Hence, the suggestion a long time ago about counselling for inter-personal communications. However, before you raise that I would strongly advise genning up on the subject yourself in preparation by seeking out recommended books that deal with the subject and that are recommended by psychologists, behaviourists, therapists and counsellors, that specialize in the subject, either books they've written themselves or that they recommend. There is a Reddit group called r/Deadbedrooms that has a recommended reading list that covers the subject of inter-personal communications albeit in that specific context and I would not be surprised if you could not find recommendations in other appropriate Reddit subs. Give it serious consideration, it's only your marriage at stake. Also, learn to bite your tongue. Try to resist going on the defensive attack. It's quite simply a fuck-up from a strategic position. It's like sportsmen arguing with referees; they never win but they keep on doing it. Remember the saying? "Stupidity is doing the same thing again and again and expecting a different outcome". Don't be afraid to say something or to ask something but think carefully about the words and tone you use before doing it. That is only simple common sense. Resist impulse. And, yeah, sometimes you will fail to do that, but just keep on trying and say that you will keep on trying. Be open. Be generous. Be indulgent. Be tolerant. It may seem that is a way of just letting yourself be trampled over but being constructively and cunningly assertive is an art as well as a skill and it can be learnt. And it is always better than the alternatives. Become a thinker. On your feet, ideally. And remember, keeping thinking "What are *they* thinking?
Campaign slogan: "Say no to tan-lines"! Let it be all over.
Some Muslims have and are, but not all Muslims, that's why you are a Racist. Just like all white people are not racists. People like you are as transparent as a pane of glass and as about as fragile.
The reason you are racist is because one, you know virtually nothing about Islam and what you do know about is whwat you read in the Daily Express/Mail and Twitter and that is based on the rantings of racists tweeting in response to a lunatic fringe of people who call themselves Islamists but who legitimate mainstream Islamic scholars and Imams would tell you have read no more of the Koran and understand it no better than you do. That doesn't make you racist by itself, just wilfully ignorant and maIicously selective about what you choose to believe about Islam. What you then go on to do is to equate all Muslims to be the same as the worst examples you can think of, even if you don't know whether they are even representative of mainstream Islam. You do that because you don't like non-whites and thus consider them fair game for your blanket hatred. You then justify it by telling yourself it is really about hating an ideology but there are plenty of white-dominated ideologies that you somehow don't get as excited about.
You can't finish on an odd number, it's bad luck. (Just strike one of the 53 and you're good to go again).
I suspect he expected it and isn't bothered. He'll either get his light aircraft pilot's licence or become a full-time, full-blown racist, going around blaming BAME people for him losing his job and making a living from it. Then he'll have Tommy Robinson's love child because his wife has left him. It's all been foretold by the old crones.
LOL. It's okay to laugh now. PS. Range of RFID? 100 metres. So there will be a man on a bike following you around with a Heath Robinson-style receiver thingumybob in his hand.
Lunatic: I will be heard. I want everyone to know that I'm a lunatic just in case they're in any doubt.
You should end it with him. He clearly doesn't care if you become pregnant and I'll bet he'll run a mile if you do, but only after he's given you a mouthful of abuse in order to coerce you into an abortion. Then stay single and celibate until you figure out a way of telling men they will use barrier contraception methods until you say it is okay. It is essential for your welfare, both physical and mental. If they care, they'll do it.
Present EU law requires that. Once Brexit is fully implemented it will no longer be a requirement, unless the UK Parl passes the same regs into UK law. US trade reps want their products to be imported into UK so that they can't be distinguished from UK products, so ending the likes of the "Red Tractor" labelling scheme, which is voluntary anyway. That is what is at stake during US&lt;&gt;UK trade negotiations. If UK agrees with US on their terms then you simply won't have a choice because you won't know.
The US is pressing the UK to agree terms so that where their products are sold side-by-side with UK products that the products should be indistinguishable. Some people, who can afford it may be able to buy locally-produced product sold directly by the producer, but this market doesn't and won't ever have the scale that the supermarkets have. It's as simple as that.
It's not the bleach that should concern you (it isn't bleach as you understand it anyway), it's the chicken and what the 'washing' techniques that are used don't kill and that the washing hides from testing methods. It's also to do with poultry husbandry standards, which while not great in the UK are even worse in the US and the lack of adequate control of slaughter processes and carcass processing processes.
One report I read said *his* mother was on the Board of Directors of the company *she* worked for (jobs for the boy's gf), so it was effectively his ma who sacked his girlfriend.
Don't know where you are from but it sounds to me you ought to get a bit of confidential legal advice about where you stand parentally if you divorce. You are clearly extremely upset. I'm assuming that if she went back to her parents it would be long distance/different country? How feasible would it be for you to get another job to maintain closer contact?
What about getting that legal advice and scoping out jobs nearer. Or contemplating moving more strategically between her parents and your job? I know it's a lot of hassle and expense but do you just need to do it? PS. Why has she turned on you? Was it connected to the birth of the twins or their care? Or is she just down with the whole situation and is taking it out on you?
Is it something you can talk about? Is is something that can be mediated? Would you want to try to solve it? Would she want to solve it? Is she just depressed?
If you're going to leave him anyway, why worry about it and just leave him now? Are you on a shared lease or something? I don't know what it must be like having sex with a guy who's not good at it and that you don't like anyway. That's a hell of an unpleasant place to be.
He needs to learn to manage his expectations and disappointment especially when it comes to intimate issues like sex and is reliant on a real person, with feelings, to be able to enjoy a long term sex life. He can't treat you like one of the sex toys he's bought. He needs to ask himself "What might she think about this?" instead of just plowing on regardless. It just ends up with you feeling used. What would he do if you bought him some frilly underwear because you fancied turning him into a sissy? I would never do what he did under any circumstances. There is no room for "surprises" like that when it comes to sensitive issues like that. He knew that you didn't like anal despite you letting him use a finger. He should have factored that into his thinking and spoken to you. Now, instead, he's thrown a wee, immature sulk. PS. Do you need to make a further point in case he still gets the wrong idea, if you don't insist on getting rid ot the bigger plug? Will he get the wrong idea if you get rid of the big one but don't also get rid of the small one? He's put you in an invidious position, by not asking first. What would he say if you asked him to wear the large one every time you had sex?
Look up the term "***pansexual***". If you do a bit of reading around the subject and read what pansexual people say about themselves, it may give you a greater insight into what your girlfriend is saying to you. It probably won't make you any more accepting of it, but at least you will understand it better. You have to realize that you are looking at sex from your perspective, not your girlfriend's. You probably always will.
Ah, I'm not a fussy bugger. Can't afford to be.
Ah yes. The "I'm wiser than you because I'm older than you" gambit. Which is pure gold bullshit because there are old people who are incredibly stupid and always have been. Time served doesn't automatically make you an expert. That's direct, unambiguous gaslighting from someone who has been totally undercut and knows it. Time to play her at her own game and tell her it's her fault because it's in the genes. Just tell her you'll let her know when you plan to take up driving lessons and that is the end of the matter. You tell, not negotiate. You stop discussing it. BTW, if she goes down the NHS counselling route, one, your GP will kill it dead. Two, even if they didn't you'd be on a waiting of probably a year or more. If she refers you to private counselling then you tell her that you will tell them there is nothing wrong with you and that it is just money and time wasted. "You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink".
Seems like she's found her metier. Maybe she feels safe doing it around them and she likes the attention. Is she getting comparable attention at home? Is her FB a/c open or closed? How do you know what is in it? Is any of salacious? In principle, I wouldn't criticize any woman who wants to do that if it encourages their self-esteem and confidence but, of course, it isn't without it's risks, so they also have to be wise. What has your reaction been to it so far? I mean both in person and through her FB a/c if you can post to it. And, um, of course, is any of it true, because you know, Internet and all that sort of thing.
Can you button it right to the top?
Says everything about Trump and nothing about Johnson. Playing Trump doesn't actually take much effort, just flatter his limitless ego.
&gt; but ultimately realised I would then be putting my life on hold for someone who had been able to hurt me That's what it is really all about in the end of the day. May I be so bold to suggest that you worry now, if you must, about the next guy? You've learnt a lot more, including about yourself, than you realize. As an aside, I don't know why a guy who walked out on you would want to keep his hooks in you. It is inconsistent but then maybe that is what it is about too. Your decision about taking the initiative to divorce is so more important than you maybe even realize and you get kudos for that. Look forward and only look back to learn from experience that you can apply to future decisions. Also, learning to express yourself, to represent yourself, can only come with awkward, embarrassing and sometimes heart-stopping conversation before the relationship and during it. But, of course, you already know that. You have to consider that if you can't say what needs to be said during a relationship, even one in decline, was it ever worth trying to have or save.
Also consider whether your children are suffering anyway. You should know enough about that from your upbringing. That's not to say you have to divorce but it may help you decide you have to do *something* positive about it. It can be a significant development issue for children.
I don't know what age you all are now but can you imagine being like this years, decades from now? More importantly does she? It may be that she has some idea what is wrong but doesn't want to open a can of worms or just doesn't like laying herself out like that. Or else she doesn't know. Either way can you lead her into a discussion where she might agree to talk to a third party if she can't talk to you? To talk to someone who can guide her to reveal herself, someone who has had professional training on how to do that? If current discussions have just gone around and around in circles you need to find some mechanism, some trigger, to move the conversation beyond that. A different tactic or approach. You know this isn't sustainable. Have you asked her what she wants, years from now?
Every body has their trigger, their "come to Jesus" moment as it were. Even they may not know in advance what it is until it happens. When you think about it, it isn't that odd. Think of the number of times that you might have thought "God, I really need to lose weight" but then don't do anything about it and then suddenly, one day, you start doing small things to just make it happen, nothing significant has really changed since you first started thinking on-and-off about it but suddenly it is a real issue and you start on a mission. Something has changed, but you can't quite put your finger on it. The issues are the same, but maybe it just psychologically is bothering you that bit more than before. You don't know for sure but you just decide to go with it in order to see if you can keep the momentum going. If I were to suggest anything it would be to think and talk about what you can be doing to keep it going rather than trying to post-mortem it. I know that you want to post-mortem it in order to prevent what you fear from happening again but maybe what you need to do is to find motivation factors that will keep things going. Maybe what you might consider as motivation factors will prove to be the answer ie that is, what was missing? Who knows really. Sometimes you just have to go with what you have. Do you really want to risk putting him off now that you have something going? If it slows down again, that is the time to try to analyse it. Have you any ideas about what might keep the momentum going? Have you any clues about why he is up for it more right now? Are there any signals or clues about what is motivating him, when you are having sex and even when you are not having sex? Motivation, encouragement, flattery, anything really?
Not all men are hairy, so you may have offended a few there by suggesting that they're children. Hey-ho. But take your pick, I don't think it really matters or should matter. Put it in rollers and perm it or colour it or entangle LED fairy lights in it and do some proper flashing. It's all good. PS. Body builders shave it. Try suggesting to them it's a bit child-like and see how fast you can run.
Because most friendships, of any sort, are not about sex.
LOL. Somebody is a bit fragile.
Walk away. Do it now.
It sounds like you have little respect for him which I have no issue with, so I don't see how you can continue to have a relationship with him, he's treating you like a sex object to be modified to his liking. You feeling sexy is in your head, not his, although how others treat us does affect our own perception of ourselves, both positively and negatively. I hope you're getting medical advice from a reputable reconstructive surgeon and not a plastic surgery hack. There are too many of the latter prepared to do surgery on patients that is not good for them and the results are horrific.
When the water is flat and the sun is in a cloudless sky like that I can't think of anything more natural, exhilarating but relaxing at the same time.
You live in a country, one of many, which treats women abysmally. All you can do is to keep a low profile until hopefully this Covid business is over enough for you to continue your studies elsewhere. Make those studies count in a subject that is in high demand. You can only tell your parents you can't supervise your brother when all he does is punch the living daylights out of you when you try and that consequently you won't do it any more. In fact you won't do anything for him any more because of his violence eg cook any food for him, because no matter what you you seem to provoke him and he is violent as a result and they won't support you by sanctioning him. He's going to be a wastrel the rest of his life and your parents are going to support him even then, just because you live in what is still a patriarchal society. Just tell them he is going to amount to nothing because of his lack of self-discipline and application. They shouldn't have to be telling you to make sure he does his studying. The sad fact is that all societies are like this, including first world, western, caucasian societies. After that it is a matter of degrees of awfulness and how easy it is for women to side-step and avoid that sort of shit. Edit: Are there any women's support groups near you that provide self-defence training so that at least the next time you could give a bloody nose. If you could give him a hiding you'd be amazed how much respect it would get you. Sad that it has to come to that, but that is what the world is really like.
You sound to me as if you are doing just fine. Many a woman might be feeling insecure at this sort of revelation. Who you love and who you like having sex with may be closely related for many people but for others the two can be distinguished from one another. The important thing for you is that you both have an emotional bond with one another and then there is the sex. What you might want to think about is how you feel about the distinction from your perspective. Many women say they can only have sex with someone who they have an emotional attachment to. Is that how it works for you? If it does, does this change in dynamics cause any potential problem for you? If it does, you should say so. It doesn't mean that you both can't be accommodated, but it might require some compromise and assurances from one to the other. Whatever you do, you should not feel that you ought to sacrifice yourself for the love of the man. If you were to do that it wouldn't be doing him any good. He will have his preferences and priorities and it seems that from what you are saying that you are that priority. Anything else is just icing on the cake. It sounds to me as if your husband is into the physical aspect of sex and maybe even into some of the very physical aspects of men in an arousing way ie their physical size and strength. But when he describes them as hot, it doesn't mean that he loves them, it just means, well, that they're hot. LOL. The first order, of course, is that you should ensure that you insist that your physical health should be protected. There are different ways that you might approach that which is something that you should come to agreement about beforehand. Good luck to you both. I hope you can stay in harmony.
I can't think of a skill that will be more in demand in the years to come other than data gathering and analysis. Time to put that logical brain of yours to work for yourself! I can imagine that your parents aren't going to like it much because of the practical implications it will have for them but at some point you have to draw that line in the sand, as logically, calmly and dispassionately as possible. Hashtag: **I'm nobody's punchbag**. Literally and metaphorically. Maybe your mother will let him use her as a punchbag instead?
Why don't you have a confidential word with your doctor or with a child development expert about it? Do you have health visitors or the equivalent where you live that check up on the health of the child after birth? You could maybe talk to one of them discretely? You need a bit of authority behind any view you discuss with her. In the same way that no-one can predict whether someone is going to suffer from PND, no-one including your wife, can predict how a woman is going to behave protectively towards her off-spring after giving birth. You have to remember that women invest a lot of themselves physically and psychologically during that nine months, to a degree that men cannot possibly understand. I would say that some of things you quote as examples seem like signs of over-protection. What is her pregnancy and birth experience history? Any miscarriages, any difficulty in becoming pregnant, was the birth difficult in any way? Anything that might explain this over-protection? Of course, all the things she is paranoid about are not likely to be the things that might eventually harm her. If that were to happen it will be because of something that you couldn't or can't foresee, not that you would want to point out that out to your wife. It's unfortunate that your wife has made this open distinction between your parents and her parents. I'm sure yours are really offended and that you feel like piggy-in-the-middle trying to placate both sides. All you can do is to tell your parents that your wife appears to have become over-protective and that has resulted in her making some inconsistent decisions and ask them to be patient and supportive of you while you try to handle what is obviously a delicate situation. Tell them what you've had to do in order to placate her but also insist that they must keep it confidential because if it gets back to her it is only likely to make matters worse. By the way, does she trust you to look after your daughter in her absence? Another obvious question. Has there been any discussions about inoculations and vaccinations? Your essential concern is how long this might go on. At six months it maybe is not that big a deal but if it goes on for much longer then it would have to be a real concern because it would beg the question when is she going to be prepared to let things go? What is she going to do when your daughter starts crawling around and starts chewing every day household objects because that is how children will naturally discover the world around them. Dare you risk discussing the issue with her parents? Would they be prepared to keep it confidential? Have they observed any of her over-protective behaviour? Have they passed any remarks either to your wife or to you? Do you think you might eventually be able to persuade your wife to let your parents look after your daughter, even for an hour while you both go shopping or go the cinema or theatre, or whatever small steps you can think of? Personally, I suspect it probably crucial for your daughter to get used to interacting with strangers at an early stage in development in terms of her personal development. A health visitor should be able to give you advice about that. Above all else, you are going to have to be patient and ask your parents to be patient while you work on this and ask them not to put you under pressure while you do. There is no point in being confrontational about it you will have to try to be persuasive and that requires you to be persuasive and patient about something that you can't possibly understand. Don't take any of it personally, you've said yourself that your wife is not acting normally, you need to gently steer things back to normal, not make them worse. You are dealing with someone's primal instinct out in the open. If you have doubts about your own role, seek professional advice.
Good luck, madame. Have you a back-up strategy in case things get really ugly? For example, if your parents expect you to look after your brother in exchange for a roof over your head? I would like to think things won't ever get that bad but only you can know what your parents are like.
Oh, yes, I like wearing risqué sexy lacy men's underwear, but mine are pink or aubergine (Hom), but fluorescent yellow is quite nice too.
Fantasies like that are fantasies because arranging it in real life would be a logistical nightmare for even a group of contortionists.
I would agree that if you have not talked the subject to death before now, maybe now is the time to consider it. Having said that if your instinct is that this sex life is deader than any Dodo then you have to consider whether you conserve the energy and avoid the grief. What more can anyone say? Does she dislike sex that much? Is it an issue about the relationship between you?
Twat! Him, not you. What more is there to say. It's his fucking nose and his fucking piercing. Fuck the notion that it is in any way your responsibility or your fault. Fuck, fuck, fuck. PS. Will that suffice?
I'm not surprised you don't feel okay. I could be as right as rain and if I got woken up to take that sort of shit it would probably take all the self-restraint I've got to not consider strangulation in order to effect silence. What gives? This is typical behaviour on his part, isn't it? PS. If his damned nose piercing is going to cause him so much grief he ought to get rid of it. I'll offer to send him some Sugru to fill the hole in.
I've read about that (ie arranged marriages) so many times. Your parents don't realize that the world is not only changing, but has changed, without them noticing. It wasn't that long ago, in terms of human evolution, that women in so-called Western civilizations were married off in what were arranged marriages because they were deemed to be economic liabilities. Hence why dowries existed ("I'll pay you to take her off my hands"). It still exists to some extent via those who pay for their daughter's weddings and by the notion that the father still gives his daughter away. Fortunately, even that is dying off as couples pay for their own weddings or both parental sides pay towards it, but the notion that the bride is given away is reluctant to die. It should be buried with a stake in it's heart as an example, to other societies. Western societies introduced their poison via colonialism and now it is reluctant to die even though it had been largely abandoned by those former colonial powers. It's a tragic legacy. There is no other way to put it.
Seems a bit radical. Have you tried finding a surgeon who would be willing to do it or are you going to do it yourself? It's the same issue as trying to get a doctor who will prescribe drugs that will equate to chemical castration, there are medical ethics involved.
It's your free choice to do it to yourself. There is no way you can coerce a doctor to do it for you. And that is the way it should be. I think a doctor will not get insurance cover to do it and if he can't he won't do it. At least not without involving psychiatrists, a lot of counselling and a lot of form-filling. Are you serious enough to go through that? You do realise that if you just say "I want to do it" that won't be regarded as being good enough reason?
Not with him, obviously. I can't help wondering whether he's actually having shit-poor sex with you in order to convince you to stop asking.
It's just too much effort for no reward. That's just off-putting.
The probability is that the guy doesn't want sex, period, with anyone. Does he still masturbate? Not that in itself is a direct correlation for sex. Does he masturbate significantly less than he did? As others say, it's about him, not you ie the problem is. He's probably just physically and mentally tired. I note that you said your sons are adults so he'll be, well, a certain age. He's probably prematurely worn out. A lot of people are, without realizing just how profoundly it's affecting them.
Virtually every modern cleaning product ie liquid soap and shampoo has sodium lauryl sulphate or an equivalent in it. Including most of those that are supposed to be for sensitive skin, baby skin, or are supposed to be hypo-allergenic. These surfactants are suspected of not only drying the skin out but also, possibly, actually thinning it. Some people are more prone to their effects than others, it may be genetically determined. At the moment I'm trying to use them as little as possible. As a male I can keep my hair really short, so it is probably more practical for me than it is for most women.
He has my sympathies as far as his back is concerned. I have a partially herniated disc that can cause me acute debilitating pain out of the blue from time to time which is only a fraction of his problems but I know when the pain hits you it just sucks the life force out of you and the longer it lasts the more it simply drags you down. You basically become your pain and there is no distinction between the two. I don't have to tell you how that effects you mentally on top of that. At least I have the prospect of getting relief from it after a period of time although I'm never sure how long it will take each time. The only practical advice I can suggest is that if he's overweight that he takes a grip of the situation and get rid of it all. That's what I'm trying to do right now, not for the first time, unfortunately. It really does make a difference, no matter what the situation is. He needs to think about it. He's only in his early forties, is he going to keep going this way for the next 20/30 years? Psychologically he can't keep going like this. I take it he's been referred to a pain management clinic? Nowadays, these seem to focus on the psychology of managing the pain, not trying to find you a magical concoction of addictive, gradually ineffective pain killers. His problem is not really a loss of libido but the fact that he is physically handicapped and that has plunged him into the depths of despair. Has he tried everything possible or has he given up? Giving up at 40 is grim, no matter what.
r/Deadbedrooms
If its being reported by a major overseas news broadcaster it's more than internal news. Trump is the leader of the world's largest economic and military power and most of the rest of the world believes he is mentally unstable, to put it mildly.
Oh? LOL. Oh dear. When you sleep with the devil...
Coco-pops. Freshly made. Milked the cow myself.
Random wave movement.
It's how real life is and there is nothing wrong with that. That's just my silly little joke. As long as people are having fun it's all good. Bodies clashing, energy transference, everything moves. A physicist could give us the low-down.
I see what you did there. Or at least I think I did. I do.
This will probably sound like an outrageous thing to say, but women should be able to have an argument with their husbands and tell them to take a hike without having to worry whether some other man is going to sexually assault or rape them. Women whether married or single should be able to go about their business, night or day, without having to worry about being sexually assaulted or raped. It's one thing saying that and another achieving it but in principle it is correct. The implications, otherwise, are that all women should be chaperoned everywhere in public by their husbands, fathers, brothers, uncles or some other male guardian. We know where that happens and why and we know what we think of it.
You remember more than me but then I'm old, doddery and not entirely compos mentis.
Is this a continuation/extension about arguments about other things? Let's face it, unless you are prepared to quarantine her 24x7 you've no idea what the pair of them get up to when they're not putting on a show in front of you, presumably just to wind you up. Where is her mother in all of this? Is she still in regular contact with her? Who does she normally live with? Is she doing this in front of her mother or is she specifically trying to wind you up? Is she playing you off against each other? It's now no longer a question of her being face-sucked in front of you, or being disrespectful but just openly defying you. There is no way you are going to win in that situation unless you are prepared to be really draconian and if you push it for another year she'll be an adult and you no longer have parental responsibility for her at which point the alienation and disrespect could go off the scale. I think you really need to consider another tack. Humiliation? Mockery? Offer to video it and offer them an earnest critique? Give a running commentary? There'll be some way of putting the pair of them off their stroke.
Well, maybe that is the sort of argument you need to make to him? That you've learnt an important lesson about nor accepting a drink from anyone else at parties, especially men you don't know and that you'd pour it for yourself in future from a source you know you can trust, like an unopened bottle, an unopened tin or a bottle that has been in your possession all the time. Prevention is always better than dealing with the aftermath, which is all that he can do under any circumstances. If he continues to do what he is doing all it is going to do is stifle you and make him paranoid. He has to accept that you have to be allowed to take risks and make mistakes. He can't be everywhere, all the time. You're maybe going to have to push things a little bit by insisting on merely telling him what your broad plans are and when you plan to be home, only phone in on change of plans or times and gradually wean him off calling you all the time. You're maybe going to have to be assertive about it, even if he doesn't like it. ie in terms of spelling out your preference to be responsible for your own safety and welfare.
Do you mean that Trump doesn't actually operate it himself but it does officially represent him?
Tell him about it and call off the wedding indefinitely. You will be doing you both a favour. Some time ago, I came across a similar post to your from a woman who had a problem similar to yours, described the guy in question in similar terms ie almost too perfect to be true. The tentative conclusion she had come to was that she thought it was maybe like having sex with a brother. I don't recall why she had decided he was like a brother, maybe it was his way of treating her was like how one might treat a sister, I don't know. In theory though, no matter how that happened, I could see how that would be off-putting. In any event, you can't possibly continue with your current plans, it would be disastrous for you both and when you call it off he's inevitably going to ask why. You really do owe an answer out of simple decency. You could make one up but really, you would be best if you could bring yourself to be honest about it. At leat that way you might be able to address it together and maybe figure it out, albeit the chance might be slim to none.
Not without looking in your mirrors first.
"The zero calorie snack bar for that fuller feeling between meals".
About 70% of women report that they can't reliably orgasm from PiV sex. I've lost count of how often I've typed that. Most important thing is to educate yourself about women's sexual organs. For example, do you know that what you see and regard as being a woman's clitoris is just a very small part of it? Did you know that the average clitoris tip has 8,000 nerve endings in it, compared to the 4,000 that are in the end of the average man's dick? Did you know that the nerve endings that make up a woman's sexual organs surround the opening of her vagina? Did you know that nerve sensations in a women's vagina are restricted to the first inch or so of the vaginal opening as a result and that there are relatively few nerve endings deeper in the vagina? Did you know that science is unclear as to whether the G-spot really exists but if it does, it is hypothesized that it is actually part of the clitoris? Did you know that women who describe having a vaginal climax may actually be having a clitoral climax, even though they say it feels different? That is why virtually all literature on women's orgasm emphasizes clitoral stimulation. Although, some women, for a variety of reasons, experience various different difficulties orgasming via clitoral stimulation eg the sensation is too weak or it is too strong, so trial-and-error, experimentation, is an essential part of the discovery process. You've had some practical suggestions from other contributors but you owe it to yourself to do extensive research on the Internet and to seek out serious, useful publications that address the issue. There is more information out there than you can consume in a life-time, although a lot of it is repeated. Become an expert on using Google search.
Why does it disgust you?
If you've managed to bring most of your OCD compulsions under control so far is this just one challenge too far? What techniques have you used in the past to help you? Are they of no use to you now? Have you ever engaged in aversion training? Have you had professional therapy in the past!
Well, who says being OCD, means having to be consistent in you phobias, when the rest of us who aren't diagnosed as OCD are no more consistent. Most of us have phobias of one sort or another, it only becomes a problem when they completely take control of your life. For example, I don't like spiders, flies or wasps and will take prompt and radical action against them but that is only on the periphery of my normal day to day life so I and no-one else would regard it as being a problem but I am pretty obsessive about it. In other words, it's a matter of degrees. I'll bet you've heard that argument before too? Whatever you do, be completely open with the man, it's only fair.
I have to say that that I'm not really surprised by that. Part of the problem is that it is the male, I know better syndrome but it is also the messaging that is sent out to men that says women can't come without clitoral stimulation which means cunilingus so if you don't like the idea of putting your mouth on a woman's clitoris and labia you had better man up and get used to the idea. The real issue, as you point out, is about listening to your sex partner and take what she says seriously, that she is nor an object whose response is not prescribed, pre-determined, as you day, according to some script. We both agree that nevertheless you have to be prepared to say what you need/want and what doesn't/does work but if you were asked what should a man ask you in anticipation. What do you think they should say? What conversation can they initiate?
It doesn't have to be as weird as you maybe think. The idea of a partner being sexually dominant doesn't hsve to be any more significant than being confident enough to take the initiative. For example, it could be as simple as manoeuvring your partner onto his back while you climb on top of him and adopt a female dominant position. If you can look at it in simple terms like that, you can probably build from there. The allure of a woman being sexy like that is that it says you are a sexual animal to the extent that you know what you like and what you want and that you are not going to be passive and hope he can anticipate what you want but instead you take steps to make sure it happens.
It sounds really nice when a woman can openly talk about their sexuality like that and gives men like me encouragement to believe that more women actually like sex, or at least the sort of sex that works for them. Men like me should not be put off by the fact that you want to use sex toys during sex because it helps us as much as it helps you. Thank you for spelling this out.
&gt;Is he just panicking and scrambling to get me back because this is harder than he thought? The answer to your question is most likely "Yes", but then ask yourself how many men either in marriage or being asked to contemplate marriage are effectively in this position and you never get to hear about it? A work colleague of mine once said that if having children was down to men then the human race would be extinct in a couple of generations. No doubt that is an exaggeration because we know from posts from men on Reddit and elsewhere that they can be just as keen on being fathers as women are on being mothers and that some men even break up with their partners because those women don't want to be mothers. However, in the overall scale of things, who is keener on the idea of parenthood, women or men? I don't know what any real figures would look like. What can be one of the biggest stressors on a marriage are disputes between partners on how many children they should have and more than one marriage has ended in divorce over that very issue. It is usually a subject that prospective partners don't get into in that much detail beforehand and in any event it is not uncommon for one partner, usually the woman, to change their minds about what they said originally. Then what do you do? If I'm not misinterpreting your post, I have the impression that when you confronted him about the issue and it went the way it did, you decided to act pretty quickly on it. He in turn has acted rather hastily on his reaction to your reaction. Maybe what you both should consider is taking some time out to consider your relative positions on the subject and the other person's position and after a reasonable period of consideration see whether you can truly talk about the subject in the sort of detail that allows both of you to feel that you have had the chance to truly explain how you feel. I can understand that you being 30 might be adding to your concern about motherhood but as things stand for a whole series of practical reasons, being over 30 and becoming a first time mother is quite typical nowadays. From his perspective, being a father and being responsible for not just himself is a big undertaking and if anything too many men don't think seriously enough about it. In fact many of them don't think about it at all and will quite casually abandon any child and partner when the going gets tough. Some men are really serious and being responsible when they say don't want children. It's not just a case of being selfish. It is, after all, a lifetime commitment not just something that you take on for a decade or two at the most so it is right and proper to ask yourself whether you are confident and competent enough to undertake the task. On the other hand, another man once said to me that if you thought about being a parent too long, you would never do it, so there is that. In many ways it seems for some to get down to the fact that no matter what the challenges might be that somehow you will see the task through. That requires a level of confidence that many of us don't have and many of the rest simply don't care enough about. It seems that you need some chill-down time, time that you can use to reflect on recent events before you decide what your next move should be. Maybe you can consider negotiating that?
I was wondering whether there had been any previous discussions about it that might throw a different light on the issue. It appears that there has been. Prior to the discussion that started over 4 months ago had there been any other discussions about it? In other words, is this the first time that potential parenthood had been raised? What dreams does he assume these men who he presumably doesn't know given up on. For all he knows they have achieved their dreams. That might involve becoming fathers, it might involve having achieved what they wanted before fatherhood, it might mean doing both simultaneously. Your (ex) partner is prone to doing a lot of assuming, mostly based on his own biases. The questions I would be asking him are: 1. What exactly are your dreams? 2. Why have you not achieved them or at least started on them before now? 3. What is to stop you doing them at the same time or later? 4. Are you sure you're not just grasping at straws for excuses simply because you don't want to be responsible as a parent (which I regard as a respectable position but you have to be honest about it)? Dreams can be made flexible to some extent depending on what they are. Parenthood has pretty explicit stipulations from several different aspects. If it comes to the crunch which is optional? Being married or not married has it's various 'pros' and 'cons'. In the end of the day it's about making choices and living with them and making them work the best you can for you.
Go see an attorney and get advice on what your parental rights are in your state and what problems cross-state boundary issues are going to cause you. This is legally too complicated for people on Reddit and at some point you are going to have to provide geographical details to someone purely for practical purposes. There is another thing you could try but I wouldn't hold out much prospect for it and that is to post to r/legaladvice. The mods there are pretty hard on clamping down on trivial personal opinion in favour of real practical legal advice, but that doesn't mean you are going to get it.
It's sad, but some women really don't like oral sex. It can be a psychological phobia or it can be because the physical sensation simply doesn't do anything for them, especially if the man in question does oral like he thinks it ought to be done rather than how it ought to be done. I read another post recently where a woman said she wanted oral sex, but not the sort where her partner stuck his tongue primarily into her vag. She had told him several times this didn't do anything for her but, nevertheless, he persisted as if he had never heard her. She was by the time of her posting right-royally pissed off with it, no longer annoyed by the "wrong type of cunnie" but the fact that he just wouldn't listen to her. As a result she no longer wanted oral sex of any kind from him. I don't know what your wife's story is but if she's saying you're abnormal and ought to get therapy to 'fix it', she could be right or she could be wrong, all depending on the detailed circumstances of your situation. I mean, you *do* sound just a bit obsessed about it. I can see how that might be off-putting.
You seem to be fundamentally sexually incompatible and if you both like sex but don't like the sex offered by the other and can't compromise enough, then there is no way in hell or on earth you are going to ever fix that. We know from testing that some people have supersensitivity for certain tastes and that some people like certain food tastes that others hate eg Marmite/Vegemite (you either love it or hate it), then why not people's gonads? It's unfortunate, but sometimes there are problems that simply can't be fixed, that it's just not a matter of "getting used to it".
Always bear in mind that different hormonal BCs have different effects on different people so you can't really go by other people's preferences, you have to find your own, assuming there is one. Some women find no hormonal BC works for them and they can't use the copper IUD because it causes them heavy bleeding and pain. Much like anti-depressants, which is another story, or maybe it actually isn't.
"Access All Areas". Isn't there an information sign for that sort of thing? There's definitely "No Parking Here", which could mean different things.
Not necessarily true. It sounds like it is all your own fault. Que sera, sera.
Abs. Lovely. Impressive too. Are you pleased?
Have you done the obvious by checking if there are any bolts loose? Maybe she's trying to re-live the romance and fantasy of pre-marriage? Marriage might be great from many perspectives but it also has it's detractions. I'm sure you think that, like mentioning on-going marriage ceremony bills. It sounds like role-play, maybe taken to an extreme, but this is nothing more than speculation. The only way you can find out for sure is to ask her. Try to be tactful and not critical about it because if all it is is a bit of harmful fun you don't want to turn it into something toxic. Maybe you are supposed to twig and play along? Who knows, again. &gt;my wife recently suggested we get matching tattoos as a renewal of our love Some couples do go through a marriage vow renewal process either at a significant calendar mark in their marriage or in response to some significant event that has happened, like one of them has been seriously ill and recovered. Suggesting getting tattoos may be variation on that theme. It sounds to me that maybe your wife has found the routine and hum-drum of marriage to be unstimulating, maybe even boring, and that she is trying to re-invigorate things. If she is, are you going to take her up on the challenge and if so, how? What might happen if instead of referring to her as "your wife", "my wife", "the wife" or "my girlfriend" for that matter, you referred to her by her first name or as "my love" or "my lover" (depending on company) or by a shared pet name? How do you think she might respond? or for that matter, how would you respond? How are you about serious public displays of affection, like holding hands or a bit of serious open petting? I think you should seriously consider it in these terms but that you should also talk about it even at risk of "revealing the game" and spoiling any intended spontaneity involved. If you are unsure or insecure, you really do have to ask. If it turns out to be the case, you could have a lot of fun playing along, even if turning the clock back like that is disturbingly weird to you at first. I think your wife just wants to have a bit of fun and wants to be "loved up" all over again. If that is the case, what is the harm in it and think of all the fun you could have doing it. How you handle others not in on it is, of course, another matter altogether.
There's a strong possibility that your parents are alcoholics, maybe even functioning alcoholics like your father being able to hold down a job. I've seen it personally with a friend's parents decades ago. The number one rule is to not get into a debate with your parents when they are drunk, you are on a hiding to nothing if you do. Ever watched two drunks get into an argument and then a physical fight out in public? There is no way you can tackle that head-on. I'm afraid that at 16 it's expecting a lot of you to take this all in and deal with it in an appropriate way simply because you don't have the experience to deal with it. Is there anybody else you can talk to about it? Such as grandparents or school counsellor? I would advise you to keep a low profile in the meantime while hopefully things blow over. Alcohol is sometimes jokingly or cynically referred to as "the people's medicine" which is not to condone it's abuse but so many people turn to it as a means of coping with the multitude of problems and pressures on them. It is form of self-medication, much more frequently used than either recreational drugs or prescription drugs.
Tell "him" that it's supposed to be **5** loaves and **2** fish. Sheesh!
From what you've said, I'm not too impressed by what contribution your sister has made. Basically, she is well out of it and probably very relieved to be, yet she tells you to shut up, put up with it and and basically suffer. Frankly, I'm no more impressed by her than I am by your parents. Unfortunately, alcoholism can have familial patterns to it although, as in your case, it's not a given, children of alcoholics can become alcoholics or completely reject that way of life. How badly is it affecting you personally, in terms of your welfare, your personal safety, your happiness and your ability to conduct your life normally, especially in relation to your school studies? That is the most important thing right now. Unfortunately, your sister is probably right about possible legal implications. Counsellors and therapists usually have a duty of confidentiality ***except*** where there is a threat to life or the welfare of minors. Unfortunately, that is you, and that very fact puts you in an invidious situation. I would agree with what you say about your mother, although anxiety can also raise your blood pressure. Unfortunately it's all tangled together in one big mess. It would not surprise me if your mother is anxious about your father's behaviour and that contributes to her drinking and that your father drinks because of issues he has with his relationship with your mother and there you are in the middle and you're trying to "lecture" your father. It sounds as if it could be a right mess. If you can't talk to your father about it, is there any way you can talk to your mother about it without it getting back to your father at some point, say when alcohol loosens your mother's tongue? Your mother and father both probably need help but like as you can "lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink", there is no way you can persuade either of them to do anything about it unless they want to. I suspect your sister knows this only too well. Yet there you are, alone, feeling very vulnerable.
It's not so much a "sex-positive" thing as a "body-positive" thing because as you said there was nothing sexual about it even if you got a bit of an adrenalin buzz from it and that made you feel a bit exhilarated. But it can also leave you feeling relaxed and content at the same time. r/nudism
Chicken Tikka Masala with Samosas and Onion Bhajis, natch.
Sorry, would love to oblige, but not from here.
None of what you've said has come as a surprise to me. Your sister put up with it so she thinks you ought to be able to put up with it too except you are alone with it now, so it isn't the same situation. It's very difficult to give someone like you, in the situation you are in, any sensible practical advice. That's what you find as you get older, that there are problems to which there are either no real answers or at least no satisfactory answers and that all you can do is to pick the best from a bad bunch of choices. It's just you're not supposed to learn that at 16 but so many children and teenagers have to. If I have to give you any advice it would be to do what is most obvious to you, ie keep a low profile, avoid being confrontational and just try to be as co-operative as you need to be with your parents. Be cordial and diplomatic even if you can no longer sadly have any real love for them. Remember, this is not going to last forever and although it may seem like the coward's way out, sometimes discretion really is the best part of valour. No point on taking on a war if you know you are only going to lose and at present, your parents have all the weapons and you have none. Look at legitimate ways of getting out of their way as much as possible during your leisure time by taking on outside hobbies and club memberships and the rest of the time stick with your studies. That is your educational motivation right now; ***Freedom!***. Also, diversify your outside contacts/friendships as much as possible, do not become over-reliant on your boyfriend at this stage of your life. Any time for a part-time job, if you could get one at the moment? Women need options, financial options and social options, in order to make their need for complete independence a reality. Never forget that. Don't ever enter into a long-term relationship unless you want to, not because you have to. So many women find themselves in that position and their subsequent lives are a misery. Ever wonder that about your mother? Remember, put yourself first before you try to take care of anyone else, just like in the demos on-board aircraft about seatbelts and air masks. Just take care of yourself.
Just lovely. With your clit tip just nicely framed above it. You should put it on public display, along with the rest of you, of course. Natural is normal.
I'll say, as a man, that even in the 21st century too many men still have too much to learn despite there being so much information available about it. And women too because there are too many women who are afraid of frightening or upsetting men. The unfortunate thing is that by doing so, they're not actually helping men, never mind themselves. Bring on the toys! PS. I sometimes wonder if we should stop calling them toys and call them utensils or tools instead.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, I know! It's your intelligence. Your confidence. Your boldness. How am I doing?
They've probably already taken their own photos and published them already. 😂
Do what is intrinsically right to **you**. What I or anybody else thinks is immaterial. This is going to be your wedding and your father has made his attitude towards you very clear for a long time. If it was a traditional church wedding would you really want to stomach the idea of him giving you away to your prospective partner?
Netflix, eat your heart out!
Well, it's nice to see that you safely retrieved it from hostile territory even if it presently looks a bit sad and battered. ♯Live to fight another day.
Slim Jim! You look alright. If you find it hard to put on excess weight I would say I wish I had your problem.
Stress incontinence. It's a real problem for many women. Has she ever sought real advice or treatment for it? As the ads go, there is no need to suffer in silence. I can understand about the weight gain too, it being one of my big problems, but it is possible to do something about it, even if it bloody difficult! Probably the biggest problem, though, is her attitude because of her upbringing. I can guess what might be behind that. You can't say anything that's not been said before, if your audience isn't prepared to hear it. All I will say to you about it is that if God or nature gave women a clitoris with twice the number of nerve endings in the tip of it compared to what we have in our dicks and give them the potential to be multi-orgasmic and to experience total body orgasms and then he/it didn't intend them to fully exploit it, that is extremely cruel of someone or something. I would love to tell you that it is never too late but if I did you would probably know that I wasn't being honest with you. It's a tragedy and not just for you. How I would love it if her mind could just be freed like that tomorrow, but alas I don't believe in either miracles or fairies. Such a tragedy. If only she could believe that she was being deprived, cheated even.
Why does she feel she is entitled to 'special' treatment? Does she want to embarrass her son in front of strangers? What is really difficult about wearing a mask when everyone else is? Why does she want to stick out like a sore thumb? Does she want to get banned from every public establishment in the neighbourhood? I could go on and on ad nsuseam. She turned into a stranger before your very eyes, it is reasonable to ask why.
