I always thought Pokemon would be something I could do forever and be seriously into playing competitively. I do not feel that way any more. I have no clue why, though.
I went on three dates with an awesome girl who shared a bunch of my interests. After the third, I didn’t feel a romantic spark. That could have been because I was still getting over my last girlfriend (5 weeks after the relationship ended), or that she just wasn’t my type. Probably a little bit of both. I’m still good friends with her.
As someone else who is 21 and lives in the bay, where in the hell did you go?
eh his liberian vine is top 10 all time
Someone threw up on them it looks like :(
Well havent found the one, but i’ve dated 3 girls on top of one girl i could actually say was my girlfriend.
It’s pretty dumb to write off entire races. “I’m not attracted to black guys.” Have you seen Idris Elba, Mike Colter, Serge Ibaka? Just examples but there’s no way someone is seriously not attracted to everyone of a certain race.
I resonate with all of this
Emotionally: 5 physically: 8.5 Socially: 5 Mentally: 6 they'd all be way higher a few months ago
wouldn't say incredibly rare. they do have side effects but that's what the constant blood testing is for. I did a 6 month course and the only thing that happened to me negatively was dryness of lips during the course, which was fine for me because I had super moisturizing chapstick. "smooth ride" is relative for every user but for me it was as smooth as I could have asked for.
The last five years of the Lakers sucking have been the best part of the NBA for me. It makes the Suns sucking so much easier to deal with, especially when our team with “inferior young talent” beats your team (like the last matchup).
Kobe 4s
THATS MY SECRET CAP
Sometimes it’s funny how some people just have a complete romantic block on a person for no reason. They just get shoved into a “will not date” box and you need to actively fight your brain to break it.
Haha if only
Book loved playing basketball that is pretty much all. He’s a good kid and watson let him shoot as much as possible but also I’m sure he’s happy with triano as well
And that will forever stay a fantasy because you choose to say things like that
jared please unblock me on twitter i'm sorry i called you a potato you aren't a potato you are a doughy ball of three point shooting love
That’s kind of harassment i mean nice
Literally the only place I’ve gotten that thrown at me as a negative stereotype is here on reddit (and the close minded fucks on imgur). Irl i have no problem.
Neither do I, but based on how many people love the Office, we may be outliers.
IT’S NOT GOOD TELEVISION TO MAKE YOUR VIEWER UNCOMFORTABLE. I feel like i need to write this on a brick and bash TV writers’ heads in with it.
You can’t sopranos every goddamn ending and call it “good tv” lmao. That’s how you piss off every viewer.
Joe is a bad person because of how horribly FUCKED UP beth handled her situation, because she was completely incapable of taking responsibility for her shitty decisions and roped Joe into the consequences. The point is that she ended up pushing him (already flawed but not a bad guy) into insanity because SHE, HER, HERSELF, could not handle her own decisions. She cheated on him, hid it from him, and never brought herself to deal with the fallout. Everything that Joe ended up doing is a direct goddamn result from her horrible decision making and lack of responsibility. I sympathize with Joe. It takes an incredibly strong person to go through what he did and not start obsessing over it.
The gaping gigantic issue that everyone who blames beth has, is that she had a thousand turns to make a better decision than she did and she chose the worst decision at every single turn. Joe is drunk or embarrassing? Talk to him about it like a goddamn adult. Joe is undesirable and she wants to fuck the asian guy on the couch? Dont because that’s a shitty thing to do, break up with Joe. Afraid to break up with Joe because he MIGHT be abusive because he has anger problems? Do it in a public place or have security in case he blows up. Note that it’s a big MIGHT because the first time we saw Joe be angry, it’s because she blocked him (granted I AM NOT PARDONING JOE FOR BEING A MISUNDERSTANDING SHIT WHO CAN’T RESPECT THAT SHE WANTS AN ABORTION, although I do believe that men should have a voice in that decision). She never ever ever unblocks Joe and talks to him like an adult when they calm down. This is her being a coward. She avoids him and then decides to never get the abortion that she wanted. Why? Why oh why oh why? He stalks her because it’s possible that the block favors her in the eyes of the law and his hands are completely tied. I mean, the ending of the episode shows that the law in this society is totally fucked up. Stalking her was a horrible idea (he should have had a friend or something by proxy contact her) but if he had no other options it makes sense for him to do that. He sends letters because he has exhausted all other options. The technology is pretty easy to exploit in this episode and I think it more shows how people will misuse and abuse a power when it is given.
That's alongside the point I'm trying to make. So many shows emulated the Office's cringe-comedy but fail to realize that the cringe-comedy is nowhere near what makes the Office a popular show. But because the Office was successful, there's a bunch of shows out there trying to do cringe-comedy. Meanwhile, horror is already recognized as a niche (and not super mainstream) genre. People like it, and when it's done well, it's really good (subjectively). But it's not mainstream because horror doesn't always hit every viewer's satisfaction. But the office is mainstream, so a large chunk of tv viewers end up watching the show. I can't enjoy it.
In a society where you can get a red block for failing to report a murder you witnessed, I can't imagine getting legal help for contacting someone who blocked you would be any easy effort.
&gt; Did you mean: the pussy Laker that got his shit pushed in by the Suns in the last Lakers Suns matchup?
Where are these guys that get turned off by girls putting in effort and why are girls trying to date them
get the fuck out
It begins
Or like a thesaurus
unpopular amongst a group of people who were giving off rapey vibes. that makes you a super upstanding citizen
Hahaha what the fuck why are people like this haha ha ^ha ^^ha
it'S PRONOUNCED SHA-THEED
I only answered with the one i dont have, as i have many of my other grails
Had one since mid July. Your best bet right now is to get Super Mario Odyssey and Zelda Breath of the Wild. If you're open to more multiplayer and dynamic games there's Splatoon (which is my most played game) and obviously mario kart 8 deluxe. If fighting games are your thing, there's Pokken Tournament DX and ARMS.
It's fucking crazy to me that a rapper has become such a popular social media icon that a current team is wearing and branding a jersey (AND COURT) to his brand because he is so ingrained in Canadian culture. Imagine if the 2004 pistons had an Eminem jersey. That shit would have been lit.
they would win in four. what the fuck are you smoking
most of the hate came in the offseason
It’s gonna be hard typing with one hand from now on
only issue with bumble is you weed out 99.9999999% of women
&gt; did you mean: don cheadle
not a black guy here, indian. after going through the shit, sex isn't that great that i'd give up women for a sex doll, but it's best when you have it with someone you love and loves you back. I think that's the thing here -- for some guys, sex is all they want, and for girls who don't offer more than just sex, they can feel threatened.
revisiting this thread late but good lord i hate this phrase and its use in every thread relating to dating. it does nothing but invalidate someone who's trying to make an honest point.
basically most of you are typing with your emotions first and your brain second
JONNY BADGER **NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
Rich Paul is going to blow up like a supernova spectacularly and I will have a mountain of popcorn when it happens.
"This would be a greater plot twist than when Lebron went BACK to Miami!" -- parks and rec, 2015
late af reply, but if guys keep apologizing for shit they don't need to apologize for, it's just going to perpetuate toxic behavior which will only hurt a relationship in the long run. i mean it begins with the maturity level of the people in the relationship and whether or not they're able to do self-introspection and change something about themselves when the person they care about is hurt.
So i have a hateful and vindictive stalker who found my reddit account, read my venting comments about my ex, contacted me through instagram, wrote a hateful and slanderous letter to me, and contacted my ex talking shit about me.
Someone i have no clue about, have never met irl, and my ex does not follow her
Well it was all in the past. She already contacted my ex who then sent a drunk text to me angrily calling me out about “talking shit about her online” (i vented about her here on reddit but without using her name). I then finally got closure and was able to move on from her. So in a way I thank this crazy bitch stalker for helping me move on. I ignored it anyway, but I’m still baffled at the process.
Holy hell. My dick hurts after one most of the time.
I come on very strong if I’m into you. It’s been intimidating for the last three girls I’ve dated. Then again, college girls are weird.
Never? My asshole doesn’t betray me. All of you gross guys with weak assholes confound me.
.
The other kids already get sexualized by middle ages women with no filter
Plausible deniability is why nobody can have nice things
I work too hard to settle for trifling ghosting gold digging women.
best bot
rap's been through some serious changes over the last 30 years let's be real. OLD rap was "I went - to the store - and i bought my-self some bread ha-ha-ha" (donald glover standup joke) and now we have today where lil pump yells gucci gang for two minutes straight edit: yes the correct joke is "ah well i went - to the hat store today and i bought myself a hat a-ha-ha-ha-ha"
Bruh I blinked and its the 22nd. I dont get my W2 and 1084 or whatever till the end of the month so im glad this month goin by fast.
?
it's a damn good special. i'm thankful we get to see his genius realized in Atlanta because DG has so much creative potential that's finally being realized.
It was tricky in my one ltr because i was with my best friend’s roommate / really good friend. We ended up not ever talking or complaining from one to another because of it, but when it ended, my best friend took my side (because of the circumstances of the breakup mostly).
a little kuriboh told me
it's a little fucked up that going to the spurs garners respect over the warriors. So it's okay when he goes to the most consistently powerful team of the last TWO DECADES, who would also be incredibly stacked (remember they were 67-15 in 2016), and that team also beat the Thunder in the WCF in 2014 and went on to win the championship, but he goes to a team that's just started to see some success (and the team pushes themselves to win as many regular season games as possible), everyone loses their fucking mind.
because the team has been receding slowly in success since Duncan retired and he cannot near singlehandedly sustain the success of an organization with needlessly high expectations during his prime while other teams band together with their superpowered talents.
HS: Nerdy, skinny (track athlete), looked down on anyone who partied / drank / smoked weed, and i was way way way way too focused on trying to do as much as possible to get into a good college, couldn't talk to girls properly. Now: not really nerdy, drink and smoke a fair amount, still kind of skinny but I have much more muscle than I did in HS, can kind of talk to girls.
this sounds like some that 70's show plotline
their defense against the bruce bowen backlash was laughable and only getting upvoted because people hate the warriors. "It was 10 years ago." "The rules were different then." bitch shut up you have nothing you fat fucking churro double stuffing dick sucking batch of hypocrites
Looking at the win streak from last year, it's very possible. I think the only time the Warriors NEED KD is when inevitably someone figures out how to defend the Warriors (which is rough them up so that Klay and Steph miss shots and dare the refs to make calls), they can have KD buy a bucket. This became obvious in the Cavs series, especially game 3 when Klay and Steph were shooting poorly and they couldn't get a call, and then KD helped spark a 4th quarter run to put the Cavs away. From the POV of the Warriors, I think they feel screwed from the 2016 playoffs and were just creating insurance in case something like that happened again. From the POV of the rest of the league, yeah there's a distinct difference in talent and parity because of the move, but it's also created a maximization of offensive firepower in some of the top teams and has created a dynamic shift in playstyle for the entire league.
KP is the first all-star from the 2015 draft, right?
never once hated bron, and i do watch GSW / support them. No disguise, I support the Suns first and the Warriors second. What's wrong with that?
Me being single is better than me in a past relationship because I am no longer with someone who feels entitled to me paying for every meal and gift because she is with me. Me being single is worse than me in a past relationship because sex and being wanted is pretty nice.
I understand shooting down rude mfs who do shit like ask for nudes off the bat or asking what that mouth do. But we should leave the rudeness for guys who have no finesse or who dont know where the line is
1. What if we won the Kareem coin flip instead of the bucks 2. What if Paxson didnt hit that shot 3. What if we held onto Joe Johnson and he didnt get hurt 4. What if David Stern wasnt a fucking idiot and didnt actively try to fuck us in 2007 5. In lieu of 4, what if Robert Horry’s legs were randomly broken in April of 2007, and by coincidence, so were Bruce Bowen’s as generic karma for being shitty people who actively tried to hurt other NBA players 6. What if Marion agreed to re-sign with the Celtics in 2007, allowing the KG trade that was press drafted to follow through such that KG was a Sun 7. What if Jason Richardson boxed out Ron Artest in Game 5 of the 2010 WCF 8. What if we took Kawhi Leonard instead of Markieff Morris in 2011 9. What if we took either Giannis, CJ McCollum, Steven Adams, or Rudy Gobert in 2013
I have seen women yes
Josh Jackson's got pretty good stats over January
I overcame being brown by also being athletic and tall. Still doesn’t help on dating apps lol
happened a while ago but the memory of the first girl to tell me that i had perfect eyebrows has always stuck with me. I didn't know my eyebrows were a thing to be complimented until then.
i feel violated reading this
Its pictures like these that knock me down a few pegs
If rejection stopped guys from asking someone out, the human race would have died out thousands of years ago.
We rarely get a portrayal of an asian or indian man that is legitimately "manly." For the most part, those traits are de-emphasized. Instead, the reigning stereotype is that asian and indian men are culturally feminine and weak or just weird and creepy. I hate these stereotypes with all of my being.
Women that feel entitled to their partner’s money need to be left in the past. It’s 2018, everyone is accountable for themselves. As for the rest, I’ve dealt with the same; also 3 months removed from a breakup (girl i dated for a year). My solution to dealing with the feelings has been work out every time i start reminiscing. I’ve hit new personal bests in bench and deadlifts, and if i didnt sprain my ankle playing basketball i’d do the same with squats.
I'm not being hard lol, it's because someone sent me a hate message through my instagram referencing my comments here
Oh no, the 5th seed, whatever will you do...
he just made a jacked 6'4" dude look like a little kid, holy shit.
the suns go from bad to slightly above mediocre as long as TJ is having a good game
this is like when the cheating person in a relationship is accusing the other person of cheating
Fuck off with this horse shit. Men are de-incentivized to fight for parental rights because lawyer fees can completely drain a man of his savings, leaving him in a much worse place. Why are lawyer fees so expensive? Because you need a damn, DAMN good lawyer to win over custody in court. Why do you need a DAMN, DAMN good lawyer to win in court? Because courts automatically favor the woman in custody cases. Why do courts automatically favor the woman in custody cases? Because of ingrained gender roles.
I mean, im explaining why shes the perfect woman in my eyes, that is what you asked
I think what happens is there is a top percentage of attractive guys who are inundated with female attention much like most above average women are inundated with male attention. When there are that many options available, someone who’s weak minded and weak willed will do something so shitty as cheat. Since the top men mess around with a greater amount of women, they get the reputation of being a liar, and that reputation spreads to “all men” because of an inability to separate the individual from the collective. And our dating culture does not help this phenomenon. Men who actively try to seduce many women are rewarded because a confident and forward attitude is attractive. Men who prefer to mind their own business and stay introverted aren’t swimming in women because women aren’t driven or expected to search out men. There’s a clear imbalance going on.
Holy shit this is bad
EVVVVVERYWHERRRREEEEEE
Not saying he’s correct or wrong but if there was no complaining from the cavs side game 4, and the Warriors win game 5, there’s no KD on the Warriors, and they’d be much more beatable. So... reap what you sow
Top of all time repost? Go home
They’d make a blood red colorway and hype it up and id still try to cop
hennything can happen after the first 2 games. see: 2016
I’m 6’5”. Currently seeing a girl who’s 5’11. All of my previous flings have been 5’7 or above with a few exceptions. I like to not have to crane my neck that much.
#PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEASE ^(OH BABY DON'T GO)
He’s not mobile enough to play 4 unfortunately. He’s more like a super super homeless man’s ayton
Public sympathy cannot be the standard for immediate shelter for the victim. Public sympathy is exactly the reason why false accusation victims will get their lives ruined even despite being proven innocent beyond all measure. The “easy fix” is not easy, but it starts with how the public views a crime — a murder suspect is a suspect, but a rape suspect is a rapist. That has to change, and it can be helped by **WITHHOLDING ALL INFORMATION UNTIL A CHARGE IS FORMED.**
I hope the next woman treats HIM well.
hey bro she cheated on you. **SHE DESTROYED EVERYTHING. NOT YOU. SHE DID.** You are not responsible for her shitty behavior.
Yup. I fell 8 feet in the air and landed on my head. Definitely concussed. “Nah I’m good, I dont need to see anyone.” I’m better now, but damn it was dumb.
They say i would eat nothing now they always say “spaghetti and meatbaaaaaaaaaalls”
Okay this is a completely unfair comparison. Beth’s shitty actions directly resulted in pushing Joe well past the edge. Getting mad at Joe here is like getting mad at Starlord for punching Thanos. It’s impossible to judge without willingly putting yourself in their shoes. And I think if I went through what Joe went through, I would be pushed incredibly far in terms of a reasonable amount of shit to go through.
This is... simply making dumb excuses. There is no comparable crime here. What Beth did is nothing short of insane mental and emotional abuse. What Liam did in response in no way justifies what she did. He was reasonable angry (and honestly definitely restrained). He showed symptoms of being a violent drunk, but he never is shown actually being a violent drunk. So to make that assumption and use it to justify Beth’s actions is simply laughable. But it makes sense in today’s age where ghosting and leaving is so prevalent because of “fear of violence in retaliation to rejection” that your original opinion is entertained.
Again lmfao. Wtf.
Came out in 2014 alongside the Carmine 6s. (Those look very similar to the Gatorade 6s that came out recently.) I was hoping they'd do something similar to the 1s when they released the Gatorade 6, but we got monocolor 1s instead.
Shoe companies always are super bland with most white colors. Adidas always defaults to triple white or some dumb shit. And yet the SNS tee time 1.0s and the multicolor 2.0s are super hyped (with white as a dominant color but nicely incorporating secondary colors.) I was thinking of taking a handful of yin-yangs and customizing the inner toe and the inner accents of the shoe like the carmines but in different colors.
Materials are as expected, kind of meh. 140 retail will do that. Plus the suede isnt actual suede its kind of weird feeling. But i bought these shoes for the colorway not for the materials
Yesssssss
because they took themselves out of the race by paying pau gasol 16 million dollars a year
Pacsun drop skinny joggers, mine area tall model that i dont think they sell anymore
They have their first rounder this year. No need to buy anything
He definitely was for game 1 and 2 but his game 3 performance was really, really bad
I agree completely. I also find it funny that the games where Steph goes “nuts”, the warriors blew the cavs out. With exception of game 1. I really hope the narrative helps and the FMVP goes to Steph.
Liking his instagram post doesn’t count
can you really make this assumption with evidence, or are you just hoping that this is the case?
please not marquese chriss again thicc quese was awful to watch it was like regular quese but without the athleticism so it was really, really bad
this comeback is like me trying to write formulas to solve a question on an exam i know damn well i have no clue how to answer, i'm just hoping for sympathy points
they kind of did that by getting kevin durant and going back to back if you don't believe me, then why is everyone so upset at KD
Good god it's like she was born with her foot surgically attached to her mouth
Yeah, that’s Zaza’s MO, except nothing about that play showed clumsiness. He didn’t Bowen him at all and stick his leg way the fuck out specifically so that Kawhi would land on his foot.
Hill played with Kokoskov too! I'd be willing to part with both miami picks and maybe even a suns pick in the near future for this.
/u/rice_bledsoe remains interested in wanting to date Gal Gadot, per /u/rice_bledsoe so what if she's married happily with kids? I'm still interested in acquiring her as a wife.
99.9% sure she was trying to trick you into getting her pregnant. She had more condoms, she used her own that was open, she wanted to dispose of it herself, and she wanted to hit it raw. 0.01% sure she’s just that dumb / horny / controlling.
Wow, you’re taking this really well OP. You’re both really young. You have more than enough time to hit the reset button and be really successful in a relationship. She’s doing you a favor by being honest about her feelings. And in my experience she’ll probably come back some time later talking about how she made a huge mistake. Some people are strong enough to forgive and get back together. But the way she worded her exit makes it sound like she’s really not for you. Good luck on everything OP, I know the next few months are going to be horrible, but it’s an opportunity for you to become the best version of yourself. Heartbreak is a great motivator.
&gt; it takes a lot of guts and strength to say something like that to someone knowing it will hurt them Counterpoint: it’s strong to do it only when you’ve exhausted all other options. It’s incredibly selfish, weak, and shallow when someone never lets the other person know they’re unhappy until it’s too late. It’s necessary, but strength isn’t the first thing that comes to mind.
TIME IS A FLAT CIRCLE
Indian
i'd wager warriors fans don't give a single shit about casual fans or other teams' fans, given how much gloating they endured after the 2016 finals loss from the entire league (not just cavs fans)
let's just do small forwards 1. Lebron James 2. Kevin Durant 3. Kawhi Leonard 4. Giannis Antetokounmpo (3/4) 5. Jimmy Butler 6. Paul George (interchangeable w/ jimmy butler) 7. Gordon Hayward (would be higher but is hurt) 8. Jaylen Brown (2/3?) 9. Jayson Tatum 10. Joe Ingles 11. Tobias Harris 12. ~~Andrew Wiggins (2/3?)~~ Otto Porter 13. Harrison Barnes I'd put ~~8~~ 10 small forwards between Kevin Durant and Harrison Barnes. lmk if i missed anyone.
Forgot him, thanks
Yes but i am biased and they will come down on me
Unless the topic is the Bruce Bowen and Robert Horry years
Thatsafoulbro was a hardcore spurs fan but with the attitude of a cocky 12 year old on xbox live Lakerswiz like treads the line. He comments some insightful stuff but when he has an opinion differing to you he will argue the shit out of it in an abrasive manner
this will not go well.
i will say in sixers fans' defense, they took a lot of shit from 2014 through 2016. as a fan of a team that's been shit, r/nba is pretty ruthless when talking about our team and the players we support, and by association, we get assumed as having a low opinion regardless. So they may be rude or obnoxious but i totally understand that when a formerly shit team becomes good, it's like crack to start gloating.
warriors fans were treated like absolute shit from june 2016 through june 2017 winning back to back titles is karmic retribution for all that
REFLEGA REFLEGA REFLEGA REFLEGA
what
Men don’t have opportunities to take pictures, nor are we ever expected to want to, in comparison to women. Women have a greater value placed on their physical attractiveness (and can easily get validation by posting pictures of themselves on social media) while men are largely deincentivized to do so. As a result, most of the pictures of guys are with a large group of friends, or fishing, or prom / formal / wedding pics. I don’t fish so i personally don’t have one of those pics. But I understand the struggle of realizing you don’t have a lot of pictures when you’re about to to on a dating app.
Cus single parenthood / baby daddies maybe
Nice and thanks i guess Curry just isnt the most creative segue into an innuendo
I cycle through 4 routines with a rest day somewhere around 6-8 straight days of lifting 1. Chest and tris (push day) 2. Back and Bis (pull day) 3. Shoulders, traps, abs, and general arms again bc my arms are long pieces of shit that don’t gain muscle mass unless I physically beat them into submission 4. Legs / deadlifts Sometimes instead of a rest day I’ll play 2-3 hours of basketball.
If we’re dating already, does she treat me the way she wants to be treated? And does she make my heart flutter and my dick hard within a minute of seeing her? Maybe not the last bit.
Whoa, a suns podcast I'd actually want to listen to?
DICK. ROCK. SOLID.
Yes yes yes yes yes
I love it. Is everyone realizing the dickishness of spurs fans? Today they just realized things aren’t amazing. Its like when eagleton went bankrupt.
It’s like there is a God and he/she’s listening to my prayers
&gt; spurs fan base is loyal as fuck Pretty much only because there has been nearly nothing tumultuous to happen to them. This is the first time in most Spurs fans’ life that someone wants out of the team.
Yeah, i guess im saying this is the first time its not working out
Dude u are spitting hot truth. Spurs fans have been up here sittin cozy and pretty, and they actually cannot comprehend this because they’ve been so spoiled.
I agree completely w this
that's dumb tbh. If the spurs made kawhi then they can just make another. clearly they're 100% responsible for him becoming the player he is and it has nothing to do with his work ethic.
now THAT is a good goddamn picture
More like spurs fans are fairweather, and the weather’s about to get pretty shitty.
Yeah, suck a dick ringer trash who were saying this. Don’t write dumb shit for dumber headlines.
[you lie.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/8rlp2d/bordow_the_suns_will_not_despite_what_you_might/?st=JIHU41L4&amp;sh=61a72f5a)
Id rather have ayton AND jackson for 8+ years than 1 year of kawhi
always been personal since 2007
Same deal though, I’d rather have 8+ years of a potentially elite center in Ayton than 1 year of an elite sg/sf in kawhi (especially because our strongest positions are sg and sf).
Exactly! This is the first adversity they have ever experienced. We’ll see how bad it gets.
[FUCK NO AND FUCK OFF WITH THIS FAKE NEWS ALREADY] (https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/8rlp2d/bordow_the_suns_will_not_despite_what_you_might/?st=JIHU41L4&amp;sh=61a72f5a)
&gt; healthy Got it &gt; fit Yup &gt; save money shit
[ya bitch thats y we arent] (https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/8rlp2d/bordow_the_suns_will_not_despite_what_you_might/?st=JIHU41L4&amp;sh=61a72f5a)
Pop doesnt deserve this but he is not the spurs as a whole, and his misfortune doesnt mean i cant laugh at the spurs situation
Atlanta Season 1 Episode 7
I prefer texting but snapchat sometimes is the best way to actually get a conversation back and keep it going, theres bitmojis, snap scores, snap streaks, and if u say anything dumb u can just unsave it. In a dating culture where everyone gets ghosted at the drop of a hat, i’ll take any advantage I have
nobody does apparently
that just makes your uncle shitty and in that case the relationship was shitty, but your uncle wasn't the one experiencing the shitty part
man cheaters / people who are friends with cheaters will rationalize the hell out of a shitty thing just so they can still somehow be a good person naw bitch you cheat you're a shitty person there is no "but" no "if" no fuckin bullshit like that
The steroid comments always come from a skinnier dude who doesn't realize the sheer amount of work it takes to gain muscle. Always muttering some bs rumor that this guy is "juicing" because that's the only way they can comprehend someone is more muscular than them.
Exactly. I need to get the idea that the girl can't keep her hands off of me. I need to know beyond all reasonable doubt that the girl is an ***active, willing, and goddamn enthusiastic*** participant. I've made out with girls who showed positive body language when flirting but were awful when making out that I just gave up and left the bar / party. I've had great physical chemistry with girls who didn't seem super interested but the moment we were alone they jumped me and completely changed my mind on them. The one I tried calling back? The one who was actually enthusiastic. The worst offender of the first was a girl who I was seeing for a second date at my place. We had the apartment to ourselves and were making out in between episodes of netflix. She told me she liked to be passive, but god her physical body language and activity was horrible. I didn't get much positive intent except for the fact that she was making out with me. I was happy to be making out so I didn't think much of it, until later on. We moved to the bedroom and got naked and she seemed more than willing but *because she didn't make me feel like I was wanted, I wasn't in the correct mindset* and just couldn't keep going. At the time, I was super disappointed in myself because I was about to break a solid dry spell. Looking back, I don't care at all, mostly because I remember she didn't make me feel wanted one bit. It's like *she just thought it was enough to show up and be naked.* To any girl in the future who may read this (which is probably a low 0 because this is on askmen), please, please, please if you actually want to get somewhere with a dude, you need to ***SHOW ENTHUSIASTIC INTENT***. Sorry for dropping my personal stories lol your comment just brought up a lot of memories.
oh man the video quality is horrible what
DEANDRE "APOLLO" AYTON
H
I'm on the "fuck the spurs" train more. they don't have enough haters and they know what they did.
🖕🏽
Wtf I love Jerry West now
This would be fuckin solid m8 im guessing we'd have to part with more than the 16 / future milwaukee / future miami though, i'd hate to see it but we may have to part with Warren too
1. have respect for yourself and what you deserve 2. you don't need to sacrifice and put yourself in debt just to keep the relationship "good" 3. it's not enough to have good sex be the backbone of the relationship. i didnt have much in common with her, and as a result i didn't actually like spending time with her that much. 4. don't try to love a hoe
when u nut but she still suckin
Holy shit i need more of this SIGN HIM TO A MOVIE DEAL
*thor squinting, high pitched voice* Are they though????
I'm really, really hoping today's the day Vlade Divac pulls one on all of us, but this fuckin sucks if chams is reporting it
my guess is sofia vergara from modern family kind of normalized feisty sexy latina women i still maintain that attitudes are patently, objectively, ***NOT SEXY*** and just a pain in the goddamn ass
Oh wait we got allofem
Actual fuckin savage No pregnancy scares tonight
patellar tendonitis is by far the most painful tall thing i've gone thru
It does, you just have to play no high impact sports for long periods of time and also undergo some physical therapy.
it's partially height and it's partially form in athletics. I had bad squat form which put unnecessary stress on my knees. I also played a lot of high impact basketball and I was a triple / high jumper in high school. all of that contributed to knee pain, but me being 6'4" sped it up
Hm, if that's the case, it makes way more sense to do Doncic.
I'm getting a porzingis feeling from this backlash
BIG BOI BASKETBALL COMING BACK
I really hope they trade Vuc and use Biyombo as a backup
Bamba's 100% a great C and a good guy to keep, I just want them to do something with the other guys finally
[MY FACE WHEN] (https://i.redd.it/7bmyu0xqk8511.jpg)
Bruh if we go to 11 we better fuckin take MPJ but I'm cool with SGA
rest in peace suns dreams of mpj and ayton
his back was THAT bad... damn
he doesn't have great defensive instincts and he's only played in a bad defensive situation in AZ but he has a huge defensive ceiling
that's not it, embiid's already talking shit and the guy's been officially in the NBA for less than 2 hours
Jesus christ why did we drop the 2021 miami first rounder for him
Stab me in the balls and cut my eyes out cus that hurts less than this shit
The muscles
Like the Black Panther premiere levels of flexing
the dankest timeline now if we could make it come FULL circle we'd hire Reggie Miller to replace Alford lmao
Yeah there's S, S+, and X ^(there's a splatoon 2 joke there for ya)
Normally no, but I’m guessing for guys who rarely ever have girls show interest in them, it’s a nice thing to get validated.
sry im in norcal
Help my erection is lasting more than 4 hours
Wow how did i forget them
As far as I know, there is no Captain America super soldier serum available in the world. Plus quick fixes don’t happen. You work on your insecurities by fixing what you believe is wrong with you. Either you can just choose not to care (easier said than done) or you can actually work out and eat properly and not make shit excuses.
P E T T Y as fuck.
karlmelo anthony davis bertans
Funny how hes the most normal looking of the three ball kids Like he’s jacked and doesn’t have a fucked up face yet hes the worst at basketball
/u/TheMajesticSpaceDuck we've all been there. Best remedy is to fill the void with something else. My favorite NBA related memory in recent memory has to be the 2017 march Celtics @ Suns game. Isaiah Thomas was recently talking shit about how when the Suns traded him, it was the best Christmas present, and that he was glad to be out of the organization. Then mini-IT aka Tyler Ulis the 2nd round rookie drops 20 on him, and the best part is the way the game ends: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7maLl8j7N50 Bledsoe ties it immediately and then Tyler Ulis steals the ball from IT and hits a step back 3 in his face to win the game.
Thats fair. I honestly dont even dislike most of the Spurs players. Just the double standards, robert horry, bruce bowen, ginobili when he’s doing some sus shit, tony parker for generally being a piece of shit, danny green because i hate his face, gregg popovich specifically during the Zaza crap for being a hypocrite
This is basically what happened to Utah and Hayward. Utah not offering 4 years sealed the deal
*oh nooooo the horror*
You’re making mental gymnastics to avoid the reality that the best move, one that is always available for you to make, is to put on your big girl undies, grow a pair of ovaries, and make a goddamn move.
Gross.
Insecurity mostly
It really depends on what you define “making moves.” If you’re the one planting kisses on him, yeah thats obvious. It’s not that guys are oblivious. It’s that we’ve ALL dealt with the girl who seemingly gives all the green lights, and then when we actually make a move, we get dropped with the “friend” or “comfortable around you” crap and then we’re the bad guy. Basically, *it’s not worth fucking up by taking a risk anymore.* So when a girl gives up her agency and takes things into her own hands, it’s not only a massive, amazing relief, but it’s incredibly sexy. This is why I say I will drop someone who will only do subtle hints. It’s not worth fucking up by guessing.
Okay, so take your own advice???? Like, why would you tell me that if you are arguing the side of being subtle and not making a move??????!?!?!? I already know your answer, it’s “because men should make the move, not women. I’m a girl, therefore I shouldn’t have to.”
A better trade is vuc for schroeder
You MIGHT be an asshole for thinking that. You are saying the equivalent of a snobby lady saying “omg i hate it when ugly guys approach me!” She’s an asshole too.
I’ve only seen women and misogynistic men say that women making the first move is “too forward” and “desperate.” No well-meaning man is going to internally think “I liked her, but she didnt let me make the first move, so now I don’t like her because I need to feel like a big strong man.” That’s dumb. I have absolutely zero idea where women got it ingrained that men prefer approaching / making the first move / chasing women. Most men, ESPECIALLY in modern dating, will be more than relieved that they know you’re interested off the bat. It then becomes a question of “how can we have fun” and not “what hoops do I have to jump through to win this woman’s affection?”
One girl’s friendly is another girl’s flirt, and it’s up to you to tell which is which.
Like at least 6, sometimes 9 if im really stretching out my workouts for a week
A
Some girls have this idea that “ONS sex is different and insignificant” when compared to sex with someone they actually care about (and then waiting to sleep w someone they care about). I don’t understand that thought. If you like someone physically and emotionally, you should have no problems escalating and handling it once it gets to sex (and continuing the relationship after). If something like OP happens, you are ABSOLUTELY IN THE RIGHT for acting the way you did. She told you indirectly that you aren’t on the same level as her, and it was super shitty to completely forget your existence while she fucked another guy. Clearly the relationship didnt have equal interest. Walk away and forget. She’ll learn that there are consequences to acting like that.
Clearly they do, they care enough to check in our subreddit, pull a screenshot of a post, and make a meme out of it 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
THRILLING F5 DROP WE HAVE HERE
As a fan of kingdom hearts as well — ive learned to not care too much about delays. I’d rather have a fulfilling arc and not a shit product
Ain't this the truth. I am making it a point to only go for independent women from now on. My only fear is that independent women, despite how successful, still won't go for men who make less than them (and will always be seeking to upgrade to an even more successful man). (TBH, my anecdotal evidence proves otherwise, while some studies prove the above point.)
here is the personal ass hierarchy butts from girls who have muscle (either through sports like volleyball or through weightlifting) &gt; butts from girls with wide hips and put on weight there (but not too much weight) &gt; skinny girl butts &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; way too fat butts the first two jiggle, the last one jiggles a lot. it's not about the jiggle. it's about the shape, feel, and actual look.
Careful you just triggered EVERYONE
They wrong as hell boi
The only good suns podcast is the timeline podcast
Hes always DABbing on the haters
He might honestly be cheered in Phoenix
that's honestly so fuckin dumb lmao, then what the fuck is cleveland getting out of it
They’ve got a few REALLY hateful apples on reddit. Like evil spurs fan bad.
The FO is consulting Booker on every big acquisition. I’m sure he knew.
5’9” 150. Real smol dude
I’d argue it was the best
Im saying it was no blind decision that would catch book off guard. And if it meant the suns could go after a better team I’m sure Book understands. We are talking about the guy who said at the end of last year “he’s done with not making the playoffs.”
The suns have only played 6 games vs the magic since book’s rookie year. It’s entirely possible he was hurt or played poorly for most of them.
That 2016 offseason fucked a lotta teams up
It makes a lot of sense just on predictions Kawhi gets traded / leaves Tony / ginobili play one more season and then retire Pop retires with tony and ginobili Then it’s just old ass Pau and aging LMA
Because if you’re this delusional about the state of your team, it’s going to hurt a lot more when shit hits the fan completely. Trust me, I’ve seen my team descend into shit and had players that were core pieces give up.
What would you describe whats happening? Whats your best case scenario for how all of this plays out?
Basic white girls I dated one and realized that a lot of them tend to view me as “exotic” or like im from another world. Not only that, once you’ve dated one basic white girl, you’ve dated them all.
I’m Indian, born and raised in America. Other than that, i’m conventionally attractive — tall, muscular build, good facial features / beard. But because I look indian / middle eastern, a lot of the white girls that I’ve dated / flirted with still see me as... foreign. That’s why I say “other than my background, i’m conventionally attractive” because i’ve found that its something I have to actively work against. Not to mention the abundance of creepy indian guys that make the stereotype harder for me to deal with. That’s what I feel when I talk to (usually) basic white girls — they don’t see me as a person, they see me as a foreign.
Lululemon. The Office. Following one or more kardashian. “WOO!” Mimosas at brunch with the girls. “I swiped right for your dog.” Loves to drink wine during the evening / day. If they’re active, it’s not sports, its yoga or spin class (which is rigorous, im not knocking them, but it feels like every basic white girl does these as exercise if they even exercise). Someone probably came to your mind with this description, right? Most college aged guys know of dozens of girls like this.
On the other end, sometimes it takes really bad and uninspired sex with someone who doesn’t take care of herself to want a more attractive partner in the next fling or relationship.
have you considered being less hostile with your words
nah, she was white. and I'm 6'4.5" (6'5" in shoes)
does anyone have a translation of what everyone says in the second panel?
oh lawd he comin
And the Bucks still lost to the Suns lmfao
&gt; Just because she’s a woman doesn’t mean she’s immune to criticism True, but the reason why people are acting as if it is taboo is because criticizing women can be easily twisted into misogyny. (Although I think the most feminist / equal thing possible is to hold everyone accountable and don't hold anyone's hand and give everyone equal opportunity.)
Unless they transfer whatever backdoor handshake agreement they have with adam silver, it ain't happening, when philly might offer fultz to us
seems like the pot calling the kettle black on all ends
Sometimes crazy shit happens. Sometimes the job market sucks and suddenly a dude making 6 figures gotta scrap for savings. It speaks volumes as to whether or not you stay with someone who got tough shit sprung onto them. If you leave, you didn't deserve them when they had their shit together.
Pac Sun Drop Skinny Joggers https://www.pacsun.com/mens/joggers/?q=drop%20skinny%20jogger%20pants&amp;prefn1=brand&amp;prefn2=style-mens-joggers&amp;prefv1=PacSun&amp;prefv2=Drop%20Skinny adult large fits well on me and i wear 33/36 normally. some styles have a tall option as well which fits really well old navy joggers ex: https://oldnavy.gap.com/browse/product.do?pid=2909940020304&amp;cid=1119444 old navy tends to have tall options also. I tend to get medium tall
I bet cavs fans are SUPER fucking thankful Klay even said this so that they can revisit all those threads in 2016 where r/nba sucked em off. Threads like these are like high school reunions for jocks who failed in life and before you flair attack me, notice that i'm not talking shit about the past
I KNOW lebron james gave enough fucks to custom order cookies for his halloween bash. This is the same guy who wore an "ultimate warrior" shirt for his parade.
If the Cavs didn't give 30 mill a year to JR smith and Tristan Thompson, maybe they could have. Their cap management was fucking abysmal.
He got asked about it by a reporter, its not like he was holding onto it for months or some shit
You’re allowed to think that as long as you also think that the Halloween decorations were also bitch move.
So? He didn't say "this is petty, don't do this." He didn't stop anyone from taking pictures or making the party go viral. He's pretty complicit in that matter. Nor did he ever even address it.
Don't let that distract you from the undeniable fact that the Warriors won 3 out of 4 finals versus the cavs and have 3 rings to the cavs 1 ring. And if my math is correct, that gives the Warriors a 3 ring to 1 ring lead
he's saying there's no relying in "if's" when things have already happened. Which is a weird thing to say when it's pretty true that if the warriors won the 2016 championship, it's most likely that they don't get KD and the Cavs may have even won the 2017 or 2018 titles. Which explains why they hold onto the 2016 title for dear life.
They kind of shot themselves in the foot on that front when Lebron made Dan Gilbert give Tristan and JR huge, untradeable contracts.
it's kind of pathetic
Dray's nut kick happened in game 3, meaning he woudl have been suspended for game 4, which they lost. So the suspension wouldn't have mattered on that front
Bogut didn't play games 6 and 7 because JR Smith locked his leg tearing his meniscus in game 5.
So? He didn't say "this is petty, don't do this." He didn't stop anyone from taking pictures or making the party go viral. He's pretty complicit in that matter. Nor did he ever even address it.
I live for top memery
I remember the 2014 finals, it was spurs nation here too.
1. Be short for most of young basketball playing life, resulting in wanting to be a point guard 2. Watch team with the best point guard as inspiration to get better 3. Fall in love with steve nash 4. Fall in love with underdog storyline and fact that suns have never won a championship, saying "this is our year" every year for like 5 years 5. Old habits die really, really hard, and everyone shits on fairweather and bandwagon fans anyway 6. Every reason to continue rooting for this team gets brutally and painfully ripped away one by one
the sad part is I can't even give them a good answer anymore
So... exactly what they did in the 2016 finals, right?
I stopped half assing my weightlifting regimen and committed to stop being a scrawny prick and lift 5-6 days a week, while consuming 3500+ calories a day. It’s worked out pretty well. I’m up 23 lbs, and I think I look great.
That was a great way to end this chapter. I knew it was gonna be a setup chapter but boy did it SET UP.
Adam Silver has to force Sarver to sell the team. That's the only long-term solution. There is a reason players always end up wanting out. The man has managed to make players who get paid millions to play basketball not want to come into work anymore. His environment has proven to be toxic and the front office has too much turnover and gaping holes time after time. That negativity bleeds onto the court and into the hearts of the players.
I also think we stink a fat one when it comes to developing properly. Our mode of development has been to play young players heavy minutes and hope to god that their natural talent will start to shine. That only worked for TJ Warren who has an unorthodox game and elite offensive skills out of college, and for Devin Booker, who has great mental fortitude and poise.
Clearly this fixes everything and we will win the next 57 games
suns organization and dysfunction
Hey op do yourself a favor and dont look for advice here on r/nba. The vast majority never even sniffed varsity basketball.
Aw fuck, pack it up. A bunch of unathletic fucks gathered together and decided that three championships didn’t happen!
Cus i would get fuckin flair roasted if i didnt haha. Thought i’d save myself the trouble Not to say the suns org doesnt deserve it
Tom with the classic white guy smile
r/eriprotectionsquad ASSEMBLE WE MUST PROTECC PRECIOUS CHILD
&gt; suns fans bold of you to assume we still exist
Can I PM you mine as well?
Since the McD firing, Gambo's been spitballing a lot. his source was McD directly so I don't know how reliable he is anymore.
You got Ariza money?
QUARK
Thank you for applying my spitballing advice! I’m glad to see it had some positive effects.
Eat shit robert sarver
I volunteer
wtf I love matt barnes now
He’s gonna eat ass in the playoffs
That's some Kingdom Hearts level ass-pullery right there. I'm hoping Horikoshi didn't get inspired by Nomura.
brb stealing "flattening a jackass" and putting it into my daily phrase vocabulary
You're right! He could net back someone really good! That someone could even be as good as TJ Warren! You know how we've always wanted one of those!
good energy, but sarver drama isn't suddenly making the suns good. The suns getting energized by the fanbase uniting against sarver is kind of showing the light in the tunnel for the suns team, sure, but sarver's still a toxic cancer who has no idea how to run a team.
Debating whether or not to pre-order from Amazon (which may be bad because the last time I pre-ordered from Amazon expecting release-day delivery, they ended up a day and a half late, but they have extra perks for ordering the deluxe edition) or to pre-order the deluxe edition from Best Buy instead.
Considering that Jerry Colangelo's baby is the Phoenix Suns, I can expect that he'd actually try his best to take care of us. Jerry = good, Bryan = shit.
Oh man you were doing so well then you slipped and fell
The problem is the culture in Phoenix has hit an all-time low specifically because of front office disorganization. The wrong people have the power and that's directly the fault of the owner who is tanking revenue and success with his toxic management.
we hate robert sarver in the same way that nets fans hate billy king
Don’t you have some saturday morning cartoons to watch?
What the hell do you think we’ve been doing? All ive been doing this week is shitting on sarver. Also, grow a thicker skin. The appropriate answer to “we dont want to deal with the lakers” is clearly not what has been going on in this thread. I thought lakers fans weren’t so easily offended.
Even the mods agree lmao, dumbass got his comment removed
I mean, the whole point of his backstory is to show that he's changed and that he's figuring out how to be a manly hero. Not to mention, he was really spearheading the "retrieve bakugo" mission. Manga spoilers &gt;!Plus in his hero internship arc w/ fatgum he was alpha as fuck -- re: "red riot unbreakable"!&lt;
Indiana Pacers looking like an elite big man stat rn
I wish i could unread your username
Except that day, and every other day of the week
He's been banging one of kylie jenner's girlfriends, and IMO she's the baddest of the bunch https://www.instagram.com/jordynwoods/?hl=en
an empty 38, 7, and 2 on an empty 18 point win against the empty ny knicks in empty madison square garden in empty new york in an empty america on an empty planet
Check out episode 23 in particular
That sounds amazing. The closest I've been was that he replied to my comment in one of his AMA's. It wasn't a direct conversational response.
prompto would definitely wear this
You already knew how this thread was going to go
She could have said “i’m here because I want to fuck.” Tactless but as straightforward as possible.
The difference is that the 2nd one is attainable if you simply approach the relationship like equals. Almost everyone needs someone else to solve sexual and emotional problems. But you can solve your financial problems on your own.
We need to officially recognize you as a suns power user cus you have been on fucking point this year
/u/ORANG_DRAGIC /u/scooper1030 i expect u both to go the fuck off on boston and bill simmons and talk your shit next podcast
I should have bet fuck How much did u put down
Hell yeah
You should be well aware by now that there's no such thing as criticism without firing back. If you can't give criticism without being able to handle it being thrown back, maybe you shouldn't give criticism in the first place.
Thought it was neat how the carmines (2014) are basically chicagos but reverse with a translucent sole. Then the spiderman AJ1s came out in honor of the miles morales spiderverse movie (which you should go see right now if you havent). J. Cole wore the carmines in the album art of 2014FHD, and Miles Morales was created in inspiration of the “Donald Glover for Spiderman” campaign in 2011-2012 when they were casting a new actor for the spiderman reboot.
Jordan 1 Carmine
I really can't believe that we were starting Canaan and Anderson. One's off the team now, one's out of the rotation. It's one thing for them to be off the team if they were the 12th and 13th man in the rotation, but they were fucking starters.
DIME PIECE. OOH THAT WAS NICE.
There is literally a thread nitpicking Ayton’s weakness on defense... i need you to post this comment in that thread
Oh man I sincerely hope he asks for a wiggins extension
Not really at all on topic.
One girl recently admitted she went on multiple bumble dates in a day.
Soft ass r/nba getting all tied up in their feelings again.
Uh, we don’t. Maybe the ones you know do, but don’t act like it’s normal for everyone. I definitely don’t. It’s usually an unspoken rule to not outright say how much you may or may not get around.
The cavs cheated the warriors out of a perfect season, so the warriors dismembered their team.
I think this year I’ve accomplished everything I wanted to do from 2017. Graduated college w a BS in Electrical and Computer Engineering Got a job paying 6 figures Moved out of my parents place and got my own place Put on 30 lbs of good weight (mostly muscle) Got my dream car (granted 4 years used) — tesla model S
That’s the kind of negative shit I’m talking about. You’re literally waiting for the suns to lose again so that you can either post or upvote takes hating on the suns. We wouldn’t be so combatatively petty if people like you didn’t count down the seconds until you could pounce on the suns.
&gt; or some shit I know you're using a colloquialism here but that's really funny
I would give each boss a try or two, and then look at some critical mode youtube videos
This is stupidly rich coming from a warriors fan. Do you remember 2009-2012 when people would hate on Steph Curry as an empty calories scoring injury risk? Also, you call that guy "super overaggressive", yet you think calling a rookie someone who will always be a dogshit defender and an empty calories scorer is not super overaggressive? You're the kind of toxic member of r/nba that needs to step away from the computer IMO.
Exactly. The fear of crippling loneliness usually heightens our tolerability for craziness. Sorry that sometimes men date crazy chicks, in most cases we'd rather deal with a little crazy instead of be horribly fucking alone.
Oof, that ross shot was 100% a 4 point play there. That would have made things rough and definitely would have changed the game.
No, because they fucking stink a fat one when it comes to using their words to be direct. So we have to settle for keeping up with garbage hints or figuring out what the hell they were after when it's way too late after the fact.
women in america should be taught by media and society to take responsibility for their shitty behavior and not blame shitty behavior on media and society then
I’ll be in san francisco w friends at a nightclub w an open bar.
I know man. When she got all excited about a date she had, i needed to take a day off work, thankfully it was friday so i had 3 days to gather myself. Now its the holidays so I suggest to find a hobby or new activity to immerse yourself. The more time you spend not thinking about her, the better.
Yeah that makes sense
Baby mirio is so adorable i want to die
We know, but we also played on the 2nd night of a back to back -- we got smacked by okc yesterday
I've once thrown back "you're pretty smart for a white guy" and hooooo boy did he get pissed
Im size 12 and i gotta say even after taking the insoles out they’re pretty uncomfortable on the toes. I usually end up switching them out for my workout shoes halfway through the day. If i were u I’d either pass on them or buy size 13
Wouldn’t he have to average like 25/14 for the rest of the season for that to happen? Edit: did the math. He’d have to average 22.7 and 12.9 per game
I had a good 30 pounds and 6 inches on the guy. This was in response to "you're pretty athletic for an indian guy"
That's fine. It's just going to be hard for someone to know you outside of your interactions. That depends on if you want people to know what you do or not.
dope colors on the J6es. But I thought they were [carmines] (https://sneakernews.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/carmine-jordan-vi-02.jpg) not gonna lie
I promise you, all the S.E. Asians were just trying to maintain build integrity. Not a single one was hired for emoji design. Source: indian software engineer
these guys really put the ship in FRIENDSHIP
Because they desperately want him to
Thanks for the response! I read the rest after scrolling further down the thread but I appreciate the part about the dad being a total bro. Glad you moved gracefully past this dark chapter.
Reminds me of when everyone was naming their gyarados "Leviathan" or everyone was naming their black cat "toothless." It's like, we get it, you have zero creativity whatsoever.
Elba destroys this one
I got all of that and terrorist jokes.
Youths!
Kawhi is absolutely refusing to let himself get jinxed
Everyone and their mother bought a megaphone to tell as many people as possible how disappointed they are with the game. You are the least alone person of all time.
Wow, just ONE championship. Fucking loser. ^(sure wish we had one of those)
In all fairness, they didn't have Steph that game either...
Means you gotta stop looking in the jerk factory for dates, really.
Carpool access lane stickers (white, so they’re not valid anymore in CA, but taking them off cleanly is more hassle than its worth)
I want more customizatiom w.r.t official coloring. I guess wraps are fine for now, though, but i want my freshly squeezed sunset orange tesla
It's not as black as white as expecting 100% of women to say yes. Rather, for most guys even 7/10 or below, it's closer to expecting even 0.5% of women to say yes and still being let down. It's THAT level of rejection you get to deal with.
It’s mind boggling that so many women have expectations of the men to figure out their body when they have no knowledge of their own body to begin with.
Human race would die out if men give up after a few rejections
That was a joke. I'm saying men experience so much rejection, If we all decided to call it quits after a few, nobody would get together and have kids. (The joke is that women wouldn't go out of their way to pursue either. I shouldn't have to explain that.)
Would have never guessed that based on looking at the communities. Definitely would have thought kiribaku and tododeku would have both been top 3.
That just speaks to the straight male fandom on reddit vs. the lgbt or female fandom elsewhere. (Controversial opinion: or rather, who actually reads the source material and understands the interactions w the characters as potentially romantic vs. who just wants to see their favorite characters bang based on friendly interactions, with the exception of kiribaku).
they do?
Blatantly false. 2016 wasn’t even that long ago, man.
There's a lot of solid quality forwards / pfs and pgs on the trade block / in free agency. I'm absolutely expecting to do fucking nothing and win 20 games next year and have devin booker hire rich paul and demand a trade and I change my name to kyle and break my hand punching drywall over and over again
yeah the drywall position's in high demand rn
Every. Single. Time. It has been met positively. My current girlfriend made the first move on me in a dating app by reaching out first. Most of the girls I’ve dated in the last year before her have reached out first, but they fizzled out because they almost always expected me to carry the relationship and chase them back, as if they’ve done all the work they needed to do just by reaching out first. There was one case where a girl on bumble was hitting on me RIDICULOUSLY hard — which I absolutely loved — but she also made it apparent she was dating a bunch of other guys from bumble as well (like a date a day kind of girl) which IMMEDIATELY turned me off from her.
Or - and hear me out on this - you work on yourself refuse to be settled for
resident indian american here 1. pav bhaji 2. malai paneer + aloo paratha 3. sambhar + dosa or rice 4. chole bhatura 4. dahi bateta sev puri 5. number 2 but malai kofta 6. gobi manchurian (not necessarily indian food but served at most of the Chaat places i go to) 7. mix or paneer pakora
877-CASH-NOWWWWWW
Almost exact same here. I wouldn't say she keeps a spreadsheet, but she's maybe the most disciplined person I know. But she's also quirky in her own way.
They're worse, because at least crocs are cheap. With birkenstocks, you made the conscious decision to spend $60-120 on horribly ugly shoes.
Wanna swap for josh jackson?
This is the most sarver fucking move of all time
We won 19 fucking games and have a guy projected 24th to show for it
eat a whole penis
Unironically, god forbid we have non-lebron super teams in the nba.
everyone: warriors won't want to spend money warriors: spends even more money everyone: *surprised pikachu face*
YTA on a very large scale. Not only are you the asshole, your mom, your aunt, your cousin, and your sister are all incredible assholes too for trying to put the trip over this. I’m just amazed at how far the mentality of selfishness goes here. I don’t know if your relationship can survive this. I don’t know if there’s anything you can do to make up. While your boyfriend is grieving and going through the loss of the most important woman in his life, you’re partying in Mexico.
This is a full top-to-bottom failure of morality here.
I’m starting to think “subtle” is just code for “coward”
This is pretty much exactly how I'd say my SO has put on some weight. I'd put it more lightly, though. I'd say "Can you come to the gym with me? I want to spend more time with you doing something we can work on and push each other together." Your SO is both being considerate of your feelings as well as his own. It sucks on multiple levels that people need to sugarcoat something so closely tied to attraction, because attraction is still a very important part of a relationship. People gain weight. It happens. But it's usually an indicator of something deeper than "Oh, I just really really really *really* loooooooove to eat."
So... worst case scenario happened? What's your outlook? How did the whole thing honestly make you feel?
the haters are trying so fucking hard to speak it into existence
the most pathetic "pick me" energy i've seen
I think if the warriors get it done vs the clippers in 4 instead of massively fucking around games 2 and 5, we would be crowning them threepeats right now.
I'm gonna do us both a favor and not explain that. trust me, it's for our own good.
&gt; R/nba literally had Cleveland as the most hated team after the 2016 finals and GS as the 2nd most favorite. source.
You shut your fucking mouth
do I look like a bitch
Yall are saying "dubs can't win without KD" and "warriors dynasty is dead" so much, they're gonna go on a roll again this year out of karmic spite.
Is that the fucking news you waste of oxygen
I hate justifying our office's decisions. The TJ giveaway for Cam Johnson (AND DARIO SARIC) wasn't well handled, but clearly, TJ's value around the league seriously dwindled after his mysteriously handled injuries that kept him out of playing time for half of the season last year (and has done so in almost every year since then), despite his offensive prowess. I have no doubt that now that he isn't in Phoenix, he'll become a valuable starter on Indiana and become a Danny Granger lite kind of player averaging 23 per game. He's been capable of doing that. It's also likely he only stays around 16-17 ppg but idk. In any case, having Mikal Bridges, Kelly Oubre, and Josh Jackson on the team made TJ warren's position... difficult. He was a 3 playing out of position as a mobile 4. He played net negative defense. He took shots away from Ayton and didn't pass. Granted, we would have preferred him over Jackson, but Jackson was untradeable, Mikal was a flex 2/3 wing that we needed, and Oubre was a two-way force that was the center of Suns culture at the time. Good player, but was the odd man out. But we should have sold high on him and traded him during the Ariza trade when he was shooting 40% from three.
Oh yeah let's just draft an nba level rookie pg ez right?
Bet? that's tight
A guy who gets minutes but actively poisons your team’s chances at winning
Stop linking threads from other team subs
Oubre took a fat meaty shit on Javale
San Antonio's next 6 games: @ Bucks Vs Bucks @ Celtics @ Grizzlies @ Raptors @ Heat Portland, Memphis, Phoenix, Sacramento, and Minnesota are all within 2 games.
Lived in LA for 5 years. Met some great people. We all left LA. Can confirm, LA is a shithole.
That's exactly what makes it a trap game. A game where one team vastly underestimates the other team due to perception or record
I love how this team likes to always say the right things and then completely fail to execute on all of them
When will we punch a team back
When we get punched in the face, we say "please give me one more"
Has a 260lb 7'1" frame yet is scared to bang and instead settles for turnarounds offensively. Sometimes ballwatches on defense. Just isn't doing enough right now
RJ got rightfully called on that later. Sucks that he initially got 3 free points from it but at least they learned their mistake
I was over the two center lineup last game and got hated on for it even though we narrowly eked out a win against the knicks. I am still very much against it right now when nobody shoots or hits a damn 3.
&gt; Nobody could hit threes tonight for us and the grizzlies shot lights out. There is a reason for that. It's because our 3 point defense sucks with both Ayton and Baynes playing interior defense, and because our 3 point personnel sucks offensively if Cam is not there. (We don't have a PG who is a reliable 3 point shooter either.)
Nah, we get to choose to drain the swamp and refuse to buy tickets or merch or pay to stream games.
You're not wrong, but I'm still crying.
Question. What can the Raptors offer that we can't beat?
Only if we part with something we actually care about, like Cam Johnson or Mikal Bridges.
That had no right being as fucking difficult as it was and we still have extremely glaring issues that Booker really shouldn't have to bail us out of.
deku still exists
That is literally too much to ask for from the Suns
I wish the suns did this to every team when we are getting called for bitchy ticky tack fouls
Yeah, notice how people are still constantly bitching about Lebron in Miami and how weak that move was? Wait, you mean they are calling him the greatest ever?
The narrative around that is pretty dubious if you talk to anyone who isn’t a lebron fan.
I can and I just did? Lebron went to an easier situation in a place where he thought he could get a monkey off his back and get a ring with his friends. And durant went to an easier situation in a place where he thought he could get a monkey off his back and get a ring with his friends. Let’s also not act like Cleveland wasn’t an elite defensive team. Give some credit to the pieces; just because they weren’t total stars doesn’t mean Lebron was carrying a bunch of bums. Let’s also not forget that OKC chose to line their pockets the year after going to the finals instead of keep their then 3rd best player in Harden at an affordable price. Maybe Durant shouldn’t have gone to GSW but he functionally did the same thing Lebron did. Make a super team and win a couple of rings.
After the warriors experienced 2016, they needed a closer who could get to the line. KD wasn’t necessary for any team other than the cavs. The Cavs gameplan was pretty much foul the crap out of the guards and dare the refs to call anything + dare anyone else on the warriors to make open shots. That gameplan is useless against a Kevin Durant. So in that aspect, he made them a winning team. He also made them a lot sloppier in their gameplan because people would rely too much on him and get complacent, but that’s besides the point.
The Cavs were absolutely a superteam. Kyrie / Lebron / Love with good vets falling out of the woodwork tripping over themselves to sign with the Cavs.
That’s different, tristan thompson is a superstar and must be protected! Imagine the revenue lost if Tristan Thompson is ejected!
If i’m oubre, saric, baynes, or tyler johnson, i’d go over to booker right now, kiss his feet, and beg for his mercy and forgiveness. Because this shit was pathetic by them. Sorry Oubre, you had a bad game and it showed. Next time tho
Yeah, we lost the game by that point. Still, let us lose so we can’t complain about the refs and only about the team
We've been favorites in almost every 'trap game' which is why we should lose by 20 this game
This team is failing because Saric, Baynes, and Tyler Johnson are no longer playing like NBA players; but rather, like G-league players. Unless any of them step up and do their damn motherfucking job, we will continue to lose games we should be winning.
Jazz get gifted another game by the refs
it’s poison
I cant remember the last time we made a prediction this bold and it actually came true for suns fans
I'm super glad they had this interaction. Some of the fanbase has this misguided idea that Ochako is limited by Deku because she idealizes him, and Deku doesn't support Ochako; when that couldn't be further from the truth.
Imagine apologizing for your rude and inexcusable actions and for being a piece of shit. Literally the bare minimum for having a modicum of respect for your peers after a LIFETIME of bullying.
Or the last arc Or the arc before that Or the arc before that Or the arc before that Or the arc before that
Bridges is fantastic with actual good players around him, but he needs opportunities to be created for him. That happens exactly zero without quality starters around him
All of them? Their petty is at a level normal humans can’t comprehend
You have a problem. You have to stop letting your hatred of a better sports team dominate your thoughts and your life
Ayton is literally miles better defensively right NOW than JJJ
I hope the suns know that everyone's laughing at them
we have a lot of experience in being young and inexperienced my friend
against us, they're all good
the thing about resorting to "can you blame us?" moments is that when they stack up it becomes "please don't blame us".
Finally beat you assholes
You're abused
Get them elbows in on the Suns while you can, elbow our players here, free throws for you if you do! https://twitter.com/BaynesFanClub/status/1222345754724966403?s=20
on principle i don’t like scenarios where guys are shipped together exclusively because they support each other positively as friends. Idk, feels like a manifestation of toxic masculinity because there’s an idea / expectation that guys can’t show each other positive encouragement and support without being viewed as having romantic feelings for one another. That the idea of showing support for another guy is “gay.” But on the other hand nobody talks about iida / deku pairings here so maybe i’m reaching and yall just want to imagine hot boys together and that’s yall’s prerogative. Just be 100% open about that.
Some guys will not get the respect until they shove their greatness down the refs’ throats This is why it’s so important for new players to make an all star team LaVine will make it this year, and Booker is on the cusp according to some people. These are two guys who are actively fighting their team’s negative reputation and have been touted as good stats bad team guys who don’t have the respect of the referees. The second game of the year ended the same way for Booker, getting hacked on a drive that was a swallowed whistle.
The simple fact that Booker is not here proves at least 4 people don’t deserve their spot. It’s sad. It’s pathetic
Book’s a couple games out. And i wouldn’t have cp3 over ja morant either then if we’re talking record. Ingram doesn’t deserve it then either.
They are planning, no, COUNTING on this to happen. This is structured.
Almost as good of a record as Portland with his team missing major time and nobody on the Suns holds a candle to CJ this year. Dame deserves it, but don't do the same to your own argument, too. Westbrook was god awful for 3 months and gets a hot streak while Booker has been great all year. Trae Young is literally an all-star starter on the WORST TEAM IN THE LEAGUE.
Then why is the game plan to double and triple team Booker to hope for a win? Feels like they think Booker impacts the game pretty fucking hard
For the sake of my team, I hope you someday become a GM of the Thunder or literally any team that isn't the Suns.
Mitchell has not seen a double team once in his career so far Devin Booker eats double teams for breakfast
[i'm done with this argument and it's 1000th iteration you're not creative and you're not even making a good point] (https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EJ6p80YX0AEyLlp.jpg)
No, because he actually doesn't have a better stat line? His efficiency is absolutely horrible and so are his advanced stats in comparison. But sorry, I guess P/A/R is all that matters, no matter how ugly they are?
when your argument gets deflated because I can say that norris cole and mario chalmers are all better than every guard that's never made the finals you have to think if your argument is garbage
This comment is worded really weirdly. vitriol aside I have a theory that booker is purposely being snubbed so that the media can drive him to request a trade from the suns. the suns have their own problems and the roster and the players on the roster have extremely visible and clear flaws as well. Same with Monty's rotations and choosing to put in clearly unperforming players over clearly valuable players, and James Jones' unwillingness to do anything with Tyler Johnson's dead money and not sign a center when Ayton was out for 25 games. It's clear we have problems. But despite all of that, Booker has literally NEVER wavered from wanting to make Phoenix where he builds his rock. Not only that, but being a protege of Kobe, I think he sees the outpouring of love to Kobe and he wants that from his first team. He will be quite actually immortal if he does the impossible and leads Phoenix to championship. And he knows that. So saying things like "ditching the dumpster fire that is the Suns" just makes me laugh now. It's like, yeah. we're a dumpster fire. And Booker is our shining diamond in the fire.
Plus, while Dame has better on fire scoring showings, they are relatively close in averages for the month of January
Yeah, but booker deserves it over a bunch of guys in the east anyway.
It is literally impossible. Even on Booker's stinkers he's capable of putting up double digits.
Nah, Ima be quiet rn. smug, but still angry, and quiet.
This has the capability to age exceedingly poorly btw, Luka is potentially out for a few weeks due to an ankle injury. Not that I'm rooting for that, I'm not. I'm just rooting for Devin Booker.
He shouldn't. The whole outrage is because coaches are idiots and the selection process is inconsistent. Winning matters, but it also doesn't because Ingram, Young, and Lillard are in. Efficiency matters, but it doesn't, because Westbrook is in. Stats matter, but they don't because CP3, Sabonis, Mitchell are in. Now if you have any actual basketball arguments, the floor is yours, but since you seem to just be trying to push my bones, please make yourself more of an ignorant fool, don't let me stop you.
I'm smug because how rare is it that someone is so timely putting out such a piss poor performance after being named an all star while another solid player gets snubbed? it's that simple. Don't read into it and don't let me live rent free in your head
I've gotten to the point where I know a guy doesn't really know a lot about NBA basketball when he says "Defense is half of the game" because with guys like Trae, Steph, Nash, Booker, it's really not half of the game. Their offensive firepower more than doubles what is lost on defense (not to mention, having a good defensive team scheme and good defenders alongside these players in heavy minutes makes them look like significantly better defenders; see Steph's numbers once Draymond was starting)
[it writes itself honestly] (https://www.basketball-reference.com/boxscores/202001160NYK.html)
idk i do be hangin my nuts on dudes' faces its kinda gay
One question -- for gaming purposes, what's the major difference between the [AMD Ryzen 9 3900X 12-core] (https://pcpartpicker.com/product/tLCD4D/amd-ryzen-9-3900x-36-ghz-12-core-processor-100-100000023box) and the i-7 8-core you listed?
its called sams club blunderpoop
