&gt; I once cried because I imagined I was homeless and alone dropped my only blanket into a cold and muddy puddle and had no way to stay warm (got teary just writing about this). This is textbook Fi/Ne (the top two functions of an INFP; clarifying because your OP does not conclusively suggest you're familiarized with the cognitive functions). Also, you might be mildly misinformed about the actual stereotypes linked to INFP; out of INFP and ISFP, ISFP is the one with a more optimistic rough description. In fact, INFP is probably the type that is most linked to neuroticism and existential angst. Not that that's either here or there, simply stating it.
&gt; Anxiety can cause a person to think of a worst case scenario and get emotional about it. This isn't just a "worst case scenario" in the common sense of the word, this is a highly specific "what would happen and how would I feel about it if I were in another person's shoes" scenario, which is basically the definition of how INFPs function on a daily basis (creating an outside, seemingly random scenario with zero connection to your actual life (Ne) and reacting to it in respect to how you'd feel about it (Fi)). Generalized anxiety disorder would in the average case manifest as anxiety regarding things that *can* realistically happen to you given the situation you're in, though the chance of that is substantially low (for example, worrying a car might hit you as you cross the road), it does not refer to crafting a completely external scenario for which you are aware is out of left field in respect to your life and then playing within that scenario (thinking about how you'd feel about your blanket getting ruined when you're not homeless in the first place). OP isn't afraid of becoming homeless there, she's *imagining* she is, and the "bad outcome" is simply how the scenario plays out, with her being aware the scenario isn't realistic in respect to her life. That said, I do not think the issues OP is experiencing and her personality type are completely independent, I just think the dependence is the other way around. OP having GAD might as well be exacerbated and partly enabled by her being INFP and therefore already having a natural ability to generate and react to abstract scenarios, which are given a negative spin by mental health stressors.
&gt; IJs have a blind spot to objective reality My aux Te would like to have a word with you.
As for the INTJ example. It's ass-backwards to think INTJs on average loathe the concept of a "sensor" (or more commonly, sentinel) based on some theoretical consideration of Si and finding it disagreeable. Chances are they hated sharing the world with these types long before they knew about MBTI or cognitive functions; learning about it just gave them a handy framework for speaking of the phenomenons that have irritated them all their lives. Yes, I do on average find most people who are "S" types annoying. There are exceptions (both in the sense of types, and in the sense of individuals even within the "disagreeable" types), but it has been a noticeable pattern so far. I am not going to ignore it or cease talking about it just because someone has a stick up their ass about any sort of perceived "hierarchy" being made between the types (also see rants about "intuitive bias" where it makes sense and where it doesn't). In any case, chances are most INTJs do not claim sensors are inherently worthless (because we don't actually overly care about universal moral judgements, that would sooner be something like unhealthy Fe), or anything along these lines. What they're saying is that they personally don't get along with such types, and frequently find it frustrating to interact with them (conclusion which is likely a result of a shitload of empirical data gathered throughout ones life), hence the "condolences" being issued to anyone born into a family full of such types and none of the types more likely to be found relatable and pleasant to interact with for an INTJ. This may take a more absolutist and arrogant air in mutual INTJ discourse, but that's because the common experience around it is presumed there. People are allowed to talk about their own subjective experiences with different types, both regarding objective observations they make about these types, and about their possible emotional reactions in respect to these facts.
&gt; Have you met 100 people who took the Meyers Briggs and identity as S and are say... 70 of them annoying? No, I have met more than a 100 people for whom I've noticed had typical sentinel qualities as they are objectively described by most sources, and in fact, in retrospect (learning about MBTI), that was precisely why I found them annoying. And besides, if one finds most people around them annoying or disagreeable on some level (which INTJs often do) and if most people in an average pool of people are sensors (while INTJs are not), it makes sense to look into the distinguishing quality that might be causing this reaction. I used to perceive the presence of Si traits as "rigid", "uninspired" or "conventional" far before I knew of Si as a theoretical concept. I am not claiming this in any way makes S types objectively less valuable than any other type. But I still reserve the right to have my own personal emotional reaction to the objective traits linked to these types. Yes, I do feel the fact I was born into "a family of sensors" was less than conducive to my psychological well-being. I chronically felt hindered and misunderstood through being forced to develop in the presence of such people. Not an uncommon phenomenon for INTJs (and probably other N types as well), and thus it's not surprising they may commiserate over it. Why are you bothered by individuals acknowledging their personal experience in interacting with certain types?
I might have felt frustrated under different circumstances, but in this case, I am highly amused by that fact.
Yup, Fe is the bane of my existence. Both Fe and Se are underdeveloped in my case (to be expected for an INTJ), but I at least value Se in other people in smaller quantities. Either being forced to use Fe or being subjected to other people's rabid Fe makes me want to gouge my eyes out.
You likely occasionally experience Fe grip. I suppose the best you can do in that case is consciously try to put the accent back on your most developed functions (dom/aux). It might help if you could conclusively pinpoint whether you're an INTP or an ISTP (or possibly even some third type, but assuming you're IxTP), and therefore know whether to seek out more Ne stimulation or Se stimulation. It would make a meaningful difference since putting pressure on your PoLR is likely to just make things worse, while putting pressure on your auxiliary is the most likely thing to kickstart you into functioning.
&gt; Either I'm INTP of I'm ISTP in a dom ter loop Trying to put pressure on Se could be enlightening in that case. If it makes you feel better, you're probably an ISTP, if it makes you hate everything even more than you currently hate it, then it's likelier you're an INTP.
I checked out his post history. While there's more trolling where that came from, his post history seems to suggest he considers himself an IxTP.
Sentinels = SJs. The term is relatively used within the online MBTI community, with sites like 16 personalities also occasionally referencing it (not that 16 personalities is a great site, but for the sake of the argument re: the existence of the term).
Why do you perceive it as nonsensical, out of curiosity? It makes sense to have a joint term for high Si users, just as it makes sense to talk about "intuitives" and "sensors" as groups as well. I'd also argue there's a larger difference in manifestation between Se and Si than between Ni and Ne, and thus it in particular makes sense sensors are divided by whether they're high Si or Se users, and intuitives are divided regarding feeling and thinking. Kiersey's temperaments do seem skewed and illogical in their divide, but they empirically make sense as clusters of types which have certain easily detectable commonalities. As for this precise example, I personally find myself experiencing personality clash with high Si types in particular, and not all sensors, which is why I felt the term was useful within the framework of my original argument.
Still beware that this doesn't affect the general preference an INFJ will have for Fe over Fi. One's demonstrative function is sort of an "untapped treasure" for each type; it's theoretically presumed to have large potential, but it's often unconscious and unvalued and significantly less pronounced than one's auxiliary. It's something you're *capable* of doing well, but you very frequently choose not to in favor of using the functions of higher preference. Dimensionality (the Socionics concept that describes strength) is good for crystallizing the difference between "preference" and "ability" in function-use. It tells you the degree of potential to which you can develop a function regarding the successful application of it (in a sense, it describes the degree of creativity each of your functions is capable of, with 1D functions being limited to rudimentary reproduction of immediate experiences one had in use of the function), but just because a function has high dimensionality, that does not mean it's one you prefer using, and thus it's often not the one immediately apparent to you as your strong suit.
They're your conflict relation. It's utterly boring and unsurprising you dislike them. I loathe ESFJs too. Take it as a sign the theory works.
You're not an INTJ. You're probably an ENTP. Considering both the judging and perception axes, INTJs and ENTPs significantly differ. INTJs are Ni/Se and Te/Fi and ENTPs are Ne/Si and Ti/Fe. I see more evidence of both the Ne/Si and the Ti/Fe axis in your case. ENTPs are argued to be some of the most scattered types (while INTJs are more likely to be accused of intense focus on their own singular perspective resulting in rigidity and arrogance); this is because both the Ne/Si and the Ti/Fe axis are concentrated on width of perception as opposed to singular focus. Fi PoLR also gives a sense of "directionless" to ExTP types. Some observations in your particular case: &gt; On top of this, I want to also be earning enough money to help out any friends and family if they need money, without it being a loan and without it putting me out of pocket - I already help people out now but it puts me behind, lol. &gt; Social status, I actually don't care about - however, I just get social status - wherever I go, people are attracted to me - I don't know why, I'm just one of those guys. Not like sexual attraction, but people always want to know what I think about this or that, people always want to like.. try and access my brain. This is a distinct lack of Fi and also sounds like Enneagram 3 which is related to ExTP which are the types with Fi PoLR (edit: even though you've presumably tested as 5w4 which I missed in the OP). Regardless, sounds like lack of Fi. An INTJ is less people-pleasing and more internal-principle-following (Fi tert). &gt; I'm not a bodybuilder, I'm not some super tough fighter guy, I'm not a smooth-talking salesman type The way you phrased this is Ne use. I'd be very surprised if you turned out not to be an ENTP. Your indecisiveness about this is also amusing meta evidence of you being ENTP. An INTJ would have a "working theory" of being a particular type and would wait to be proven wrong.
&gt; Cheers mate, my Enneagram is 5w4 not just from tests but also research and a "consultation" with someone who's been using Enneagram in the health profession for over 20 years.. other people see me as being very single-minded when I'm on something, and I'm generally perceived as being arrogant a.f. Fair enough, I respect that. Mostly mentioned the Enneagram as the bridge between those traits and the ExTP types; even if that's not your Enneagram, there's association between those traits and being ENTP. &gt; Social status, I actually don't care about - however, I just get social status - wherever I go, people are attracted to me - I don't know why, I'm just one of those guys. Not like sexual attraction, but people always want to know what I think about this or that, people always want to like.. try and access my brain. Here, you describe yourself as effortlessly fluid in service of pleasing other people (even if you perhaps wouldn't call it that way, regardless the concept stands), even if your tool for pleasing them is impressing them with your intellectual capacity. That sounds like Fe hidden agenda (therefore Fi PoLR) realized over Ne and Ti. &gt; other people see me as being very single-minded when I'm on to something, and I'm generally perceived as being arrogant a.f. Also, the way you phrased this is Fe use and not Fi. A Fi user (especially tert Fi) doesn't really give a fuck about how other people perceive them, and would never highlight that over what they subjectively felt they were like. Not really having a sense of yourself outside of looking for a "mirror" of yourself in other people's reactions to you is a good giveaway of Fi PoLR. &gt; I prefer to prove myself wrong, basically, by researching obsessively. Tendency to play devil's advocate (even with yourself, and also with me during this convo). You were far less certain you had Fi until I came with my annoyingly singular Ni/Se and Te/Fi and conclusively claimed you don't. Things are still looking like you're an ENTP.
&gt; The theory won't ever play out, but that's something that would bother an NTP, not an NTJ. How do you figure this? Unless I'm misunderstanding you, this directly goes against the theoretical properties of Te and Ti; Te users love and seek out empirical manifestation in order to believe something is correct, while Ti is the one which relies on internal logical consistency. The most probable reason INTJs are relatively drawn to this theory is precisely because "it plays out in reality", at least to the degree they can observe it through some Ni-fueled confirmation bias. (If I misunderstood you in the first place, feel free to ignore me, and apologies.) &gt; I think the problem is you're assuming MBTI is a perfect standard to measure to/pull information from when it's not. I also don't think this is precisely OP's "problem"; their problem is that they're an ENTP and have the Ne pull into considering every single option without a lot of weighing as to which seem more probable than others (Ne vs Ni). That said, I agree with your conclusion; OP is an ENTP.
&gt; The link you posted describes the "modern" interpretation of functions that I was talking about. I don't give a lot of authority to that link either. I linked it as an easy way of stating the viewpoint. The reason I "buy" it is because I detect the pattern in real life. Seriously, go pay attention to the writing styles in different type-specific subs (not that there aren't many mistypes there before someone points it out, but still, different subs have distinctively different feels to them and this hopefully at least somewhat reflects on the general qualities of the associated type). For example, INTJs have much shorter sentences than INTPs (gamma quadra vs alpha quadra). INFJs are more elaborate and sort of "cheerful" in comparison to the INTJs (Fe/Ti vs Fi/Te, the merry/serious Reinin dichotomy), but their writing still often has that "as a matter of fact" arrogant, observational feel to it (Ni/Se). INTPs sound largely impartial and indifferent, more thorough in building their conclusions rather than focused on the end result before the evidence (Ne/Si).
Yup. INTJ = surface cynical (Te shell), but deep down Fi-mopey and idealistic, ENTP = seems laid back, impartial, optimistic and cheerful, internal reality probably different. Fi PoLR sounds like it would give one a very unsettling sense of directionless, especially when no Fe affirmation is around.
&gt; Calling INTJs status seekers is some serious misinformation. Blame Personality Hacker to a degree (their article on INTJs egregiously claims this and I'm still not sure where people get that from). Just because we're on average less disheveled than INTPs (as if it's hard to be less disheveled than INTPs) doesn't mean we're status seekers in the grander scheme of things, compared to other types. We have infSe and we often neglect it and force our Ni to the point it's hardly much different than our PoLR. Now, ENTJs *are* status-seekers (hidden agenda Se), so sure, if you type both real and fictional ENTJs as INTJs, you will somehow come across the pattern of INTJs being status-seeking. The difference is precisely in Fi &gt; Se (INTJ) and Se &gt; Fi (ENTJ). INTJs hold to practicality and authenticity in their dressing (would feel like clowns if they were forced to wear impractical clothes they disliked simply for the sake of appealing to other people; though they would likely do it out of pragmatic reasons, they wouldn't be happy about it and would look to eschew it). An ENTJ would naturally consider the social-based usefulness of looking the way you want other people to see you, and not the way as to accurately reflect your taste, and would choose their clothing accordingly without much internal controversy. Again, it's relative. Are INTJs more status-seeking than say INTPs? Yes. But that doesn't make them significantly status-seeking when looking in the grander scheme of all types. INTJs have internal ambitions, and these ambitions can often overlap with what the society around them would deem useful or "prestigious", which is where some of the confusion can come from. That still doesn't make acknowledgment and status into a significant motivation for them. If there's a social-based aspect of INTJ internal motivation, it's not to get approval and accolades, but to secure one's independence to the highest degree possible, because we're looking to get our intimate selves *away* from society, and not accepted into it. INTJs are both self-validating and self-reprimanding, hardly taking into account other people's feedback of their worth either in the positive or negative sense (tert Fi + Fe PoLR). It just so happens that what they often see as fulfilling their own standards also fulfills what society expects from "successful" individuals.
&gt; INTJ: "I get resentful due to loneliness and call the police." Wrong. Calling the police presumes willing human contact.
Perhaps because this isn't a conclusive and trustworthy typing tool? I know you have Te PoLR, but how can you miss that fact? ^^/roast ^^and ^^also ^^a ^^joke
...it's a joke.
&gt; S/N component of tests often focuses on your abstract thinking abilities ...and this is somehow unrelated to intuition even though both Ni and Ne are defined as tendency toward perceiving abstract patterns? Suuuuure. Whatever sounds more pleasant and less correct. To be clear, I do not believe in individual discrimination based on either type. A sensor can be smarter (however society conventionally defines smart) and more successful than an intuitive. But it's obvious there will exist certain positive correlations between N and typical IQ tests that give value to abstract reasoning.
&gt; even when they're no different from an ESTJ in terms of intelligence and abstract thinking. LOL, try harder. Again, how you define smart plays a role in this, and there's no one single objective definition. But what you're currently implying within the framework of your argument is just willful denial mixed with ego. You have Ni PoLR and you think you're as good at abstract reasoning as an average INTJ. But hey, perhaps you need Ni in order to realize why that's ridiculous. edit: Also, INTJs don't just on average *think* they are smart (they do think this, but it doesn't appear out of thin air). They are in average told that by their environment over and over again. &gt; The only argument you can make is that quantitiy of time spent thinking abstractly might make you better at it than someone who doesn't prefer to. Of course people are on average better at things they have a natural tendency to do, than at something they actively have to sit down and force themselves to do.
ISFPs are sometimes considered "honorary intuitives" since they have hidden agenda Ni, so just considering N vs S isn't really enough to conclusively pinpoint an IxFP situation; you need to figure out whether you use Ne or Ni. Do you feel like it more often happens to you that you get blindsided by life by things and factors you didn't even consider, or does it more frequently happen to you that you drown in all the possible options, and feel paralysed when it comes to choosing one?
First one is Ni (general tendency if it's in the stack, but especially pronounced for tert Ni since it comes with Ne PoLR).
&gt; Sadly, under this logic, I also end up having a lot in common with you INTJs, but I guess I can survive that. Hey now, don't be like that. You're also supposed to be a democrat, not an aristocrat; can't go hating on all your introverted cousins just because of one bad apple.
I said it semi tongue-in-cheek (the common meme is that ISFPs are "honorary intuitives" in particular; the accent on that not really being objectively supported). Still, I maintain the aux/tert axis is in general harder to determine than the dom/inf axis, especially over the letter dichotomies. ISFPs have aux Se and tert Ni; especially if they're looping, the N traits can appear pronounced.
I lie a lot. Mostly out of opportunistic reasons. Actually, perhaps it would be more accurate to say I evade telling certain relevant truths and end up answering people with something that can't potentially backfire for me. Do more conscious "information flow control", in the sense I say little and make other people tell me a lot, than straight up lying.
Perhaps you could call it that. I consider it caution. I don't really feel an emotional need to tell people more than is useful and functional, so I have no issue withholding info whose sharing can at best be neutral for me and at worst harm me in some way. It's just naturally being a private person.
&gt; Fix stands for fixation. It is what people in a particular type fixate to, the basic ego response. So it is a kind of subset of ones core type. Can you explain what this means on a practical example?
Not necessarily. They don't notice me doing it. I don't just stay stubbornly silent when they ask me things; I answer them in the way they get some info, just not overly pertinent info. I try not to obviously come off as secretive; you could say that I'm secretly secretive.
&gt; then when you confront them Should learn to get better at it. It's stupid to get caught.
Depends on what their Fi is like (as it does for most Fi users). Fe PoLR can be a bitch for the well-being of the environment (and for the individual) if your Fi doesn't develop right. Also, I'd presume there's more Fi variation for the INTJs (the ISTJs generally get grounded into the moral norms of their environment because of Si, while Ni doms are more like floating in the ether beyond and can end up wherever).
xNxJ. Basically high Ni users. I wouldn't further speculate on which of those are rarer than others, but statistics generally support that high Ni use is rare.
&gt; That just because you see more of one type doesn’t mean there is more of that type, as you claimed. Also, just because they *claim* to see more of one type, doesn't mean they actually do. Statistics generally say INFJs are rare; sure, there is room for error, but there's no way that they're actually very common. If everywhere you go, you run into INFJs, consider reflecting on the accuracy and rigorosity of your typing process sooner than doubt the results of people who developed methodology about it and ran it on a larger sample.
And here we see the tert Fi vs inf Fe difference in its natural habitat. :D
No idea. Statistics just seem to imply that it is. I could speculate about the evolutionary usefulness of Si and the fact Ni doms often end up really detached from reality to the point it really wouldn't be a good thing if there were too many of them around, but I don't think anyone can come up with a hard "why" that doesn't involve some level of loose speculation. We in general survive and thrive precisely because we live in a world full of Si. Someone else takes care of the concrete details and lets us drown in our head, where we occasionally run across useful abstractions applicable to the real world.
Out of curiosity, how did you come to the idea not to post your assumed type in the OP; was it effortless/intuitive to you, or did you see that "trick" somewhere before? It is conditionally relevant to your typing.
&gt; Curious to know how you think this is relevant towards my type? What you did there is Te use. The literally worst function an INFJ has is Te (the 7th, trickster, or one's PoLR), and an INFJ would be highly unlikely to spontaneously do that. However, ENFJs have role Te, which means they sometimes superficially come off to their environment as Te users. I actually have an xNFJ friend I initially typed as INFJ; this was exactly what didn't fit about it. I noticed she had random, confident bursts of Te, especially when in interaction with other people (role Te in a Fe-dom user). This leads me to believe you're an ENFJ. ....also don't get confused and immediately rule this out in case you consider yourself an introvert in the colloquial sense. Jungian introversion is somewhat different from the conventional definition of introversion. &gt; Someone described me as a loud thinker and I think that describes me well. I'm never able to turn it off. I'm always thinking about the past or future, but rarely the present. This sounds like Jungian extraversion; Fe-dom + Ni-aux. ENFJ.
Yes. Especially for some functions more than others. It's almost trivial to pinpoint any N dom that way. Ne-doms have eyes that quickly dart left and right in a very noticeable, peculiar pattern, especially when you task them with some new idea to engage. Ni-doms just kinda look defocused and checked out, almost like they're in some sort of trance. While they're talking, their eyes either wander around (but in a lazy way; they will gaze to their right, then to their left, then up, then to the side again) but in none of that will they actually be appearing to be looking at something. While they're just being still and thinking, possible monotone fixation on a random object or into empty space.
Se doms kinda squint a lot. Eyes appear semi-closed. Didn't notice a lot of darting; once you see darting in Ne-doms, you won't mistake it for anything else later. It's a sort of a defocused but sharp darting without taking into account the environment, whereas Se-dom darting (if there's any) is clearly caused by outside stimuli.
Thank you. :)
Also about the difference between Si-dom and Ni-dom. Si-doms have these wide-eyed fixes on things where their entire body and head is rigid, and then it's like something snaps them into attention. Ni-dom is different; they don't do a lot of sudden movements, more like move their heads and eyes dreamily and lazily from side to side. The reaction time of turning on their judging function is also slower and more "fluid". An Ni-dom won't appear to be surprised by the sound of another person's voice and won't do a lot of sudden movements at that sort of distraction; if they've been idle for a while, they might do something similar to a sigh and then start talking, while the Si-dom does react distinctively and sharply, there's just a noticeable 1-2 second delay.
The identical same thing phrased the same way occurred to me, wtf. Get the "Ni connection" with the other Ni-dom I know in my life; feels weird to experience it over the internet as well.
...Yes. Completely makes sense. Had this problem, was in the Ni-Fi loop (among other things), went to a psychiatrist that was apparently familiar with MBTI...she made a point out of guessing I'm an INFJ (I'm an INTJ but close enough, she likely recognized sick Ni behavior). Ni with a low aux basically *is* maladaptive daydreaming. Ni is more like daydreaming until your aux attaches you to the real world than the other way around.
&gt; My understanding is Ni is knowing something without knowing why. For example, walking home and having the feeling that you should walk a different way. It seems irrational to outsiders but for the Ni user it makes sense. &gt; Not really. It might look to other people that way, but that's not what intimately happens in an Ni-user's head. The thing with Ni is that it does its thing subconsciously, but once you get the result, you also get a couple of points supporting the result. If someone asks you for reasoning, you can come up with a few arguments, it just often very tedious to Ni users to do it, so they often try to skip it and get annoyed when someone questions and wants a play-by-play of their thought process, since an Ni-dom uses Ni basically always and it's like asking them to describe the air they breathe. It's your program function. It's who you are. Nobody is up for narrating everything that happens in their head at all times. To give you an example. I'm an INTJ and my mother is an ISTJ. Means we communicate the same way with Te, but we often run into disagreements because it's like we're using Te in two different rooms. The Te simply works with a different data set. For example, back when I lived with her, when I'd return from school, I'd use to put on the clothes I'd worn to school the previous day, and wouldn't take new "at home clothes" from the closet if I didn't already have any in rotation. This pissed her off, because she had a Si idea that there are nice outside clothes, and at home clothes, so I am putting a dent in the functioning of her household that way. However, when she asked me why I did it, I could provide an argument. Those clothes were already semi-dirty (as I'd already worn them), but clean enough to wear at home. Also, I don't get any fresh clothes dirty, and those clothes already have to be washed either way. It was the most pragmatic and "optimal" solution. Once I explained it to her, she accepted it, it's just not something that would occur to her naturally. To me, it is. It's not like I sat down to make a mastermind plan on what is the most efficient way to wear your clothes. It's also not like I just "felt" I was supposed to do that with zero reasoning. It's somewhere in between. I was naked one day, needed some clothes, saw those clothes and made a quick calculation that that's a good option, taking into account it happening multiple times and in the future (Ni). One should also take into account this happens *literally all the time*. I do this with everything, no matter what I do. When I go home, I always take out my keys before I reach the door. It's not a habit as it might develop in a Si user, it independently occurs to me every time because I walk home and visualize with Ni I'll get to the door and need keys. That prompts me to get the keys out. When I make a sandwich, I calculate the optimal sequence of ingredients based on where they are in the kitchen and how I want them on my sandwich. If I go somewhere for a sleepover, and plan to be rid of my pants somewhere during the night, I stop if I reach for skinny jeans because I visualize myself struggling to get them off, and instead wear the sort of pants that are more easily removable. Etc. This could even superficially resemble Si habits (Ni-doms have role Si), but it's different because it's not a habit; you can effortlessly do it on a new problem, and it's not concerned with how you did things in the past, but rather what has the best implications for the future from the present standpoint. Works for most trivial things, but also comes in useful when you have a larger problem to tackle.
That's not intuition. That's called coincidence and confirmation bias. Ni has to work with known info and known patterns; it cannot literally predict the future out of nothing, it constructs *an educated guess based on known info.* If there was no way for your brain to either consciously or subconsciously internalize the fact there are 5 bucks somewhere outside, then a cognitive process (including intuition) could not work with taking that into account.
I don't find the example in the post itself triggering a lot of useful thoughts in my head (edit: actually nevermind, I ended up referencing it as I kept writing the post). However, I could guess what's the difference between Ni dom/Ne ign and Ne dom/Ni ign given I experience the first and know what Ne theoretically is (I also do experience Ne *some*; just like the theory implies, it's in the background, and if it's in the foreground, something went wrong). The idea for the ignoring function in general is that it turns on when your program "betrays you". You as an Ne-dom would be in primary mode of always brainstorming for all the possible options. You go around and you see possibilities. Going back to your example, say that you and I had to meet up and meet some at a certain time. You using Ne are highly aware that it's actually pretty difficult to make it exactly at 7.15. You see the option where you make it at 7.14, 7.16, where a car hits you, where a car hits your friend, where your friend gets a headache and doesn't make it, etc. You use Ti to logically calculate how to get to the best outcome having all the options in mind. "The way I'm going, it looks like I might be late. I should walk faster." Idk, you know it better because you experience it. I'm just guessing based on the theory as a baseline so I won't speculate in detail, and feel free to correct me if I got it egregiously wrong. My Ni/Te is quite different; this I can actually describe in detail. I don't actually think about the "castaway options". If I had to, I could do brainstorming and name all the possible outcomes of agreeing to meet up with my friends. But I don't care. I focus on the one most likely, and one most favorable to me. I have an "Ni vision" in my head; a quite literal visual representation of the situation I aspire to achieve. Successfully meeting up with my friends, and then we'll take it from there (sometimes I plan out even more in advance, though I avoid to do it if I don't have enough info and control over the situation since getting corrected later in your visualization is frustrating). I use Te in the beginning when I'm at home. Due to experience, I can roughly calculate how long would it take me to get to some location, even if it's an unknown location. I find a way to compare it to somewhere else. Te does the calculation of what's the optimal time to leave the house, and I concentrate on aspiring to leave the house at that hour. Then, once I leave the house at that time, I completely cease thinking about it. I walk at my standard pace, using the standard (or optimized, if it's new) route. I don't look at what time it is anymore (well I can just to roughly know how far I've made it, but I don't have to). I don't really adjust my walking pace to what time it is unless there's a significant deviation going on (say, I only have 10 more minutes and at this pace, I know it will take me half an hour). I basically cease thinking about the problem of meeting up with my friends because in my head it's solved. I made a plan (meet up with them), and I set up the conditions with Te (left the house at the optimal time) so that what I plan and what is most likely to happen given the circumstances coincide. My Ne would turn on only if Ni "failed", say if I came to the meeting point on time and my friends weren't there. Then I'd do a brainstorming of options of what could have caused reality to deviate from my Ni-vision of what was likely and favorable to happen.
: ( But I like ISFPs. Honestly feel sad at the thought you're sad. Some of you guys are really cool (activity relationship with INTJ). I think you often end up feeling empty since the contemporary structured life limits your Se. Se-doms might feel more drive to seek out Se stimulants, and they generally manage to seek it out and find it in a lot of things. But I see how being Fi-dom would make it more difficult to feed the Se (especially since you have Ne PoLR, so you also have issue brainstorming on how to seek this out when it's not immediately apparent as an option). With your auxiliary underused, you end up being particularly prone to looping. Know (at least two, probably more but two that I'm certain of ISFPs, one male and one female). Both have lives with zero interesting Se elements. Both constantly loop from what I can tell.
&gt; So yes, it very well could be Fi and Ni you see in his art without him being isfp You could theoretically see some Ni in INFP art (though I as an Ni-dom have issue imagining a blatant trace of Ni in art), but it would make no sense to see no Ne then, especially since Ne is in general more conspicuous between those two (or that's just my impression as a Ni user). Either way, INFP art is always chock-full of Ne. Again, I don't know enough about Radiohead/Thom Yorke's creative work. But in general, an INFP's art without Ne probably means the INFP isn't an INFP.
Your entire argument was in the context of OP saying she perceived Ni over Ne in his work. Your reply makes no sense if you believe there's obvious Ne in what he does; if you thought that, you would have argued for that point first and foremost (or at least that's what it would be more efficient to argue in this case).
I have bipolar. Makes me loop and turns down the Te when I'm in the - phase and also experience anxiety. I also have a 4 in my Enneagram somewhere, so basically I become a mopey, depressed ISFP. The only reason I didn't entertain actually being an ISFP is because I knew I was an Ni-dom (dat detachment from material reality, also people told me that over visual typing), but was therefore confused between INTJ and INFJ for a while because I couldn't pinpoint my auxiliary.
&gt; Fi-doms are self-absorbed, not altruistic... I think you somehow manage being both. But yeah, anyone high on the Fi who denies being self-absorbed is...wrong about themselves.
Pretty much. I picked up on the pattern (thank you, Ni) and I cheat myself by dryly formulating my problems on paper and pretending they're someone else's problems and simply a brain-tackle for me. Helps things.
&gt; It is usually futile to try to talk facts and analysis to people who are enjoying a sense of moral superiority in their ignorance. Yes. I divide the people I know into two sorts; those with whom I make an effort to share my candid thoughts (and objectively trivial info, while we're at it), and those for whom I know it's useless and will only frustrate me. There are way more people in the second group. Genuinely forces me to have a condescending attitude toward the great majority of people I know. In the past, I used to spend a lot more time and effort on reaching people with things I observed as true with very poor results, because I lived with the feelgood assumption that most people have fundamentally truth-seeking and integrity-aspiring qualities that simply need to be brought out. Turning more cynical about it saves me a lot of day-to-day frustration. The only thing worse from believing most people are idiots is trying to live with the assumption they aren't when they are.
&gt; Almost like I know what the right thing to do is, but consciously (or maybe subconsciously?) ignore it. Exactly. I'd make the theoretical assumption that for us it's easier to solve problems that are on the outside of ourselves (Te). When a problem or a life issue is emotionally relevant to us, we can fall into the trap of not applying Te on it but rather pondering on it with Fi (especially if we isolate ourselves to ruminate on our problems, which we often do), which makes us focus on the unfavorable moral implications of our problems and not on solving them. Therefore, we'd be advised to make an effort to frame our problems in the way it's easier for us to entertain them objectively, which could involve "pretending your problems are someone else's" perspective, but could also involve differing strategies. For example, I've found talking to an authority on the subject can oftentimes be helpful (even as we are inclined to first do our research ourselves), or perhaps not even an authority, just someone intelligent and benevolent enough to bounce your thoughts off of (I've personally found psychologists to be somewhat useful in drawing solutions to certain of my life's problems out of me). We often naturally have an emotional knee jerk reaction against things like this (probably the general need for competency and independence), but that reaction often works to our detriment. Oftentimes, it's not even the problem in question that we're incapable of defeating, it is ourselves.
Te.
Ehh. About 80% of these things are true as a general tendency. You tried writing it in inflammatory language for it to sound less probable and more ridiculous, but the truth is, if these things were stated flatly, those descriptions have basis in material reality. Also, key word *general tendency*. Stereotypes are nearly never true for every single individual. Sometimes they're unfairly attached to groups as well. But there are stereotypes which are attached to groups for a reason, they just don't apply to every single individual. You kinda hit that spot with most of this.
&gt; I don't really care about being productive. I just want inner peace and a sense of wellbeing throughout my day. Yeah...count yourself lucky then that you can afford to live like that, and consider *why* you can afford to live like that. Can't have inner peace and sense of wellbeing if you have no food and shelter, and the reason you have food and shelter is because the society around you is being productive. You think other people (or types) live to be productive? No, but that's the kind of deal life has dealt us. The truth is material reality is harsh. Without global productivity, there's no cozy contemporary life as we know it. You drink water in the morning? Congratulations, you're profiling off of someone else's productivity. Same thing for the food in your fridge. The clothes you wear were made by someone and you wouldn't have had them if everyone who was involved in the process of creating them slept in all day every day. That's why everyone is "obsessed" with productivity. It's needed to keep the world going. However, I'm not saying you personally need to make productivity in the conventional sense a priority. A good point made about types is that they each fulfill a certain role in society. Perhaps INFPs aren't made for boring 9-5 cubicle jobs. They probably aren't. They on average contribute in different ways. But it's a good thing then you live in a world with other types who can cover the angles you cannot, which are still needed for the smooth operating of society.
&gt; However the stereotypes from this post seem to be poorly written imo. Honestly I wouldn't know for sure, I mostly skimmed it, LMAO. ^^efficiency The couple that caught my eye seemed as exaggerated actual tendencies. Mostly replied because I'm annoyed by the trend of people not properly understanding the concept of stereotyping, and therefore aimlessly working to "disprove" certain stereotypes. Yes, there are dumb and plain incorrect stereotypes out there, whether you look in the sense of the group or the individual (for one: INTJs DO procrastinate, we procrastinate like nobody's business). But most stereotypes crystallize out of noticeable general tendencies.
Pretty sure it's 5. 5 is largely associated with the NT types anyway, and it was my main "coping strategy" throughout life as I by default relied on Te whenever I was mentally stable. However, when I'm low on the Te and looping, it makes sense I pull more toward the 4. Full tritype from what I can tell is 5w4 4w5 8w9.
If you mean friends, the pattern is INxx. If you literally mean people I *know* (read: were forced to be introduced to due to life circumstances), then probably xSFJ (I'm female, so was forced more into the average female circles in the earlier stages of life) or at least xSxJ. Which is true of essentially everyone since that's the dominating temperament.
Thank you. That is largely understandable and makes sense to me. However, what I struggle to understand is to *which* notation (and by extension, to which dichotomy) does the idea of minus being able to tap both into the minus and plus field, while the plus must remain in the plus field refer to (if this idea has merit in the first place)? Alternatively, in a wider sense, I would be curious to learn what exactly does it mean in practice that a function has a plus sign or a minus sign, in either of the notations? Let's say an INTJ has Ni- (notation in correspondence to the positivist/negativist dichotomy). What does this exactly mean? How does this differ from the default Ni+ in an INFJ? Also, what would be the empirical difference between &gt;Ni in INTJs and &lt;Ni in INFJ? Analogously, I'd be curious about the sign differences for the other functions, but in particular for Ni (out of obvious reasons). edit: Also, by induction regarding matching the signs to the function stack, would this mean that the INFJs stack would go Ni+ Fe+ Ti- Se-?
I completely get all that (and I appreciate the time and effort you're investing in this, btw). But I still cannot say I had my question completely answered. I intuitively understand what's the purpose of any categorisation, and it's frankly trivial to understand why someone wanted to separate Ni into Ni+ and Ni- (they observed some differences and wanted a model that describes them, duh). But *what* are the differences in practice? *How* does INFJ's Ni differ from an INTJ's Ni? Can it be demonstrated on an example? Is there a sort of a blind spot one has and the other doesn't? What are the noticeable implications of the difference in practice?
Okay, thank you. That largely explains it, and again, I'm very grateful you've taken the time to share your knowledge with me. This is actually making me think I should probably dive deeper into this myself (likely as your subjective experience of Ne helps you with theoretical understanding of Ne, the analogous should go for me and Ni). How you describe &gt;Ni- does match up with my subjective experience of it. I've also noticed the more "negative spin" my Ni has in comparison to the one of an INFJ I know. More linear too, I could see that. I perceive the few INFJ "Ni visions" I've been told of as quite "out there" and unrealistic since they often don't come with a discernible Te plan to bring them to fruition (likely my bias there, but that's my perspective on it). Largely inquired to the differences with the INFJs Ni, because I do have a close INFJ in my life, and was very curious if I could perhaps notice it, or if I had already, but couldn't put that classification on it. Thank you, again.
It is not that cheap to develop a lot of shades. It's not just about the number of bottles, the formula needs to be (often significantly) adjusted in order to work with different pigments, and darker shades are significantly different and more difficult to make than lighter shades (just how it happens to be in color theory; you can make a light shade and basically just add different amounts of white to it to get lighter shades, while the darker shades are significantly tricker to get right and mix). Not saying that's necessarily an excuse (depends on your views regarding the moral responsibilities a company has toward the wider society it's operating in), but it's part of the explanation. it's important to remember that brands don't really do this to be "mean". Part of this is inertia ("this is how it's always been"), do the tried and true formula (both literally and metaphorically) but a part of it is that any brand and business will usually walk the path of least resistance regarding their profit margins. It's possible they find developing lighter shades is more lucrative, both based on the potential market and based on the development and production costs. The social pressure regarding the expanded shade ranges might change that; if brands start fearing being boycotted, that could positively incentivize them into developing more shades. Even the brands that have been "pioneers" in this department likely calculated there was something in it for them for expanding into that niche. But no one does anything without a profit calculation.
Like I said, different brands do different calculations and reach different conclusions regarding what they should put out. It depends on the brand's budget, image, target audience etc. But *every* brand makes decisions based on what will make them the most money. Some brands clearly manage to piss less people off along the way. They're still not doing it out of the goodness of their heart, nor are the brands that don't do that evilly twirling their moustache. It's about money, and if one wants things to change, they should vote with their money.
&gt; By the way one more thing, by definition process goes N-&gt;T-&gt;S-&gt;F-&gt;N... while result goes the other way around, N-&gt;F-&gt;S-&gt;T-&gt;N.. But wait, wouldn't then the reasoning below go for &gt;Ni and &lt;Ni? Not that it practically makes a difference for this case, because in case of Ni dom, &gt;Ni implies &gt;Ni- and &lt;Ni implies &lt;Ni+? (basically the INTJ's and INFJ's Ni, because there does not exist a Ni-dom that is both process and positivist, for example). I am also aware that it wouldn't really be possible for an INTJ to do "Ni plans" through Fe (nor would we be likely to try; we loathe using Fe as it is). The "Ni through Fe" comment referred to INFJs (so for &lt;Ni+).
Extremely not popular. Female INTJ. I'll let you imagine yourself how that went in a class full of xSFJs.
It's also nailing it in terms of my annoyance with Ne. /Ni dom.
Not really. Ni-doms value Se (it's their inferior and while they aren't too good at it, they like it demonstrated by other people), while they're largely annoyed by Ne (because it's their ignoring function, and the analogous goes for Ne doms and Ni).
&gt; it doesn't seem like Ne is ignored by Ni users Not for all Ni users, just for Ni-doms and not "ignored" in the colloquial sense of the word. In Socionics, your first shadow process (function of the same type as your dom, but of a different attitude) is called the "ignoring function" and is considered a sort of an antagonist to your dom, which is why people don't really like to use it and feel that when other people use it they're "missing the point". Everyone thinks their dom is the optimal approach to everything, and someone having a reminiscent, yet differing approach tends to grate on our nerves. Also, I still think it makes zero sense to say Ne looks like bad Se to anyone. I'm a Ni-dom and frankly Ne looks to me like just a bunch of useless, scattered ideas that it isn't productive to consider in a large majority of cases. It has nothing to do with Se, which is a very concrete (and not abstract function) and involves directly interacting with your present environment. Ne looks like badly used *Ni* to Ni-doms, because it's similar enough, it's an abstract approach to a problem, but just a bit beside the point because instead of concentrating on the option which seems more likely (Ni), the user seems incapable of making up their mind and finishing the "Ni-process" (from the perspective of a high Ni user; what I said about it as a first shadow process also applies to it when it's a second shadow process). Likewise, Ni use to a Ne user looks like bad Ne, because instead of brainstorming for options, from their perspective, you're arbitrarily stuck at one and are "counting your chickens before they hatch."
It's a metaphor. The flower is an abstract situation with unknown outcomes (the petals) but a certain level of determinism behind them (the center). Ni focuses on the center, and tries to crystalize what all the options have in common, while Ne tries to brainstorm the differing details.
Still applies. It doesn't look like Se if you understand what the picture is about in the first place (which you should be able to figure out). The point is that the petals (naming of the possible outcomes) *look* scattered to Ni users, and the center (what they all have in common) looks arbitrary and undetermined to Ne. Yeah, if you're incapable of following the metaphor and look at it literally, it might look like something else, and even then, Se doesn't look "scattered" to Ni users and that's not how we see Se. The Ni/Se axis is associated with sharpness and singularity, while the Si/Ne axis is associated with thoroughness and a "slow but steady" approach. https://www.idrlabs.com/articles/2012/12/guide-to-jungian-function-axes/ The functions on one axis (say Se and Ni) are complementary rather than conflicting, and Ni users see the Se approach as valid and not needlessly random (since Se and Ni wouldn't even be applied to the same thing). In fact, the conflicting happens when you encounter behavior that is associated with the other axis. Either that explains it fully, or your abilities of conveying a point are significantly lacking and I still have no idea what you're talking about.
&gt; Don't know if you agree but Se Si and Ne Ni are in the same perceiving category. In a sense they're both S or they're both N, I agree. But in terms of the "right" or the "annoying" approach to something, it's more useful to look at it as the axes, because valued Ni use comes with valued Se use and analogously for Ne and Si. "You're missing the point" is something you're a lot more likely to think of someone on a *different* axis, not someone using the other perceiving function on your own axis. &gt; Bottom 2 have nothing to do with patterns or connecting anything together. The first two do, and so it's implied the bottom two do too. You're given context to it and you aren't supposed to read anything concrete into it. Basically you said the bottom left looks like Se (and then you corrected yourself and said "bad Se") to Ni users. I'm an Ni user and it doesn't look that way to me, it exactly reminds me of Ne. Pretty much the end of discussion right there. &gt; And yes I purposely didn't explain it to you fully to see whether or not your Ti works or not. Apparently it's lacking in all sorts of ways. Ooh, burn. &gt; This picture is the stupidest thing to argue about....lol I agree.
&gt; She’s arguably one of the most popular and watched beauty gurus on YouTube so shame on her for not using her platform Is she obligated to do so? If she in any way went *against* it, I see how you could talk about her behaving wrong, but claiming someone should be ashamed for not boycotting something in service of your pet cause that they don't necessarily have on their radar is...going overboard. Why is she obligated to do anything? She runs her own channel the way she wants to run it. She does her reviews the way she finds it fitting to do them. Again, if she went out of her way to be antagonistic toward the whole "movement of expanding the shade ranges", perhaps you would have an argument. But she isn't obligated to bat for the causes you say she should bat for. Also worth noting Nikkie lives in Holland and thus can rightfully feel removed from the US-specific issues going on the US market regarding something like this. It makes even more sense than for a random US guru that this isn't something she would feel compelled (or competent) to get involved in.
Explained to me why I suck at Fe (and that I shouldn't really care about it or try to forcefully turn it on, since it won't work and it's a tradeoff for other strengths). Explained to me in general how my brain works. Very helpful tool for introspection. Whereas before I would be like "this sucks, I suck, nothing works, no matter what I do it makes no difference to my life" (Ni-Fi loop) into infinity, I now recognize it happening and know what's the way to solve it (find a way to stimulate and productively use one's auxiliary). I don't think I'm exaggerating when I say this model helped me in my attitude toward myself and life in general. I feel like I understand my brain better and therefore have better control over it (which is something I especially value since I suffer from mental illness and that really tends to take away the feeling of control over your own brain). Even if the model of cognitive functions isn't rigorously correct, I still find it to be a useful framework. In the spirit of Te, I don't care if it's correct. I find it useful.
One's 7th, "trickster" function, or "Point of Lowest Resistance". It's considered your most hated function, one you both hate using and dislike having it used on yourself. A "conflict" relationship is one you have with someone whose dominant function is your PoLR and vice versa. The name is fitting because that sort of configuration indeed tends to result in...conflict. edit: You as an INFP would have ENTP's PoLR as your dom (you're Fi-dom and they're Fi-PoLR). However, this isn't true conversely (their dom Ne isn't your PoLR but your auxiliary). This sort of relationship is called the "relationship of supervision" in Socionics, and is considered an asymmetrical relation where the supervisor (in this case, the INFP) perceives the supervisee's behavior in some way as inherently lacking.
&gt; and I have pretty thick skin. But interesting how you still feel the need to make a post solely to defend yourself from a bunch of internet stereotypes. :D Seriously now, the probably bigger stereotype than that INFPs are suicidal tear-machines is that you guys really get defensive regarding any remark anyone can ever make, that either directly or indirectly references you. It's like you believe that you're the only people who have the right to have an opinion on yourselves, and nobody else is allowed to either have their own impression of you that differs from your own impression of you, nor are they allowed to point out objective facts relating to you that somehow clash with your self-image. The "over-defensiveness" is something I see way way more than any open tragedizing from this bunch (at least in a space like this; /r/infp does have a lot of discussions that basically equate being infp and being in living hell). Point being is, you guys really need to learn to not take constructive criticism (or innocent remarks about yourself) as seriously and as personally. Not just in the aspect of getting offended and getting your feelings hurt, but in the sense of how you respond to the other person in the situation. I've found INFPs at times to be impossible to disagree with, even when what we were discussing were *objective facts*. It's like their identity is more important than anything else. In the example I recall (there were many others, but just the one I remember) the person was wrong about something trivially provable, they missed an aspect of objective reality essentially, and someone had the gall to point it out. Guess how that went? Provoked a bunch of self-defensiveness in the form of "I identify as right, and I have a right to my authenticity and being who I say I am, therefore I'm right and objective reality is wrong". Even affects your typing. Do you know how many mistyped INFPs there are around? (not other types mistyped as INFPs, but INFPs mistyped as other types). It's a consequence of you on average having way too rigid ideas about what you want to be, that you then somehow confuse with what you actually are. Really guys, use that Te every once in a while. ....and this is probably far too blunt and direct as for most INFPs to take anything I just said without a major dose of outrage. Welp.
Who decides what is "punching up" and what is "punching down"?
&gt; That said, you're an ISFJ anyway, given your user history. Maybe a neurotic ESFJ, that's usually how that goes for some reason. Interesting. I've in general pegged you as a skilled typer (as did probably anyone who pays enough attention in this sub); would you mind sharing your reasoning for this?
&gt; If you can't actually successfully navigate the fact that the academic/technical/jargon use of a term might be more narrow than the colloquial/slang use of a term, I'm going to suggest you're not actually an INTJ at all. Wow, interesting. The thing is I thought the same thing. This is how I tell certain mistypes in the INTJ sub, they get triggered over terminology even when the underlying concepts are clear. Would actually hypothesize this has to do with a tendency toward visual thinking with Ni; we don't rely on words in order to be able to properly entertain concepts, and only use words because we have to in order to productively articulate our ideas to other people. An INTJ's brain could probably be functional on an almost fully non-verbal level. Actually have an INTP friend; drives me crazy with that (being pedant over terminology) in addition to being chronically incapable of making plans and sticking to them. "I don't want to decide right now, who knows how we'll feel about it that day". Fucking Ne/Si. Apologies, tangent.
&gt; The whole thing just doesn't quite hang together like a real person. Then again, I get that feeling with ESFJs fairly often, anyway. Savage. Get what you mean, however. Thanks for responding. Also regarding OP, the INFP pattern also doesn't work for me in respect to her. Her sentences (especially in that segment you quoted) appear too short and kinda bland for high Ne use. Also not really "neurotically original" the way most INFPs come across.
&gt; although those reactions may become in them much stronger when specifically around INTJs Yup. Was part of my point; I don't think they're generally like that toward everyone, and me being an INTJ is a relevant variable of the consideration. I do understand I taint the experiment of observing them by participating in it; other types probably perceive them as significantly more agreeable than I do. I suppose certain type combinations simply bring out the worst in each other. edit: I also don't think they have a general distaste for all behavior that could be considered unconventional. They probably appreciate some of it. But not my "brand" of it. There's a lot of elements of INTJ behavior that would piss them off, like INTJs stubbornly and coldly refusing to go with Si (enforced by Fe) norms with zero apology or providing an interesting alternative to it since INTJs by rule send out very few social signals, and by INTJs using Ni, which would make ESFJs feel lost and distressed (Ni-PoLR). We're mostly annoying icebergs to them whose motives of behavior they struggle to understand, ruining their aspirations of uniform warmth and cordiality.
No prob. Probably could have worded it more clearly.
&gt; "Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right." &gt; &gt; Very Ti. Yup, those are the two options.
&gt; are very similar to INFJs in how their surface level thought processes and such function, but when you get to their motivations and principles, what makes them unique, they are incredibly different How do you figure this? This neither makes theoretical sense (what does Ni-Fe have in common with Ti-Ne), neither does it make sense with the examples I know from real life. I know an INFJ (also familiar with MBTI) who dated (and knew) a few INTPs; he always complained about how he had to communicate with them largely using Ti, and that he found this profoundly exhausting. Ni is largely associative, we make what appear like "leaps of logic" to Ti, and thus Ni doms especially are in chronic mode of over-explaining themselves and turning on whatever Ti they have around Ti-doms. They largely get used to it, both with INTPs and with other types (not that easy to find someone who associates things the same way Ni does, and we're often considered relatively ineloquent and kind of wrong in the process but right in the conclusion because of Ni, unless we really put in the effort to arrange our thoughts in a user-friendly manner), but once you meet other Ni-users, you see how tedious it is in comparison. Ne can also be relatively irritating to Ni doms; Ni users often feel like Ne users miss the point and go on irrelevant tangents. Point being is, Ni-doms can (and often do, due to relatively common interests) learn to communicate with INTPs, but they also feel a certain strain in it, and it's nowhere near as effortless as it is with people who can understand "Ni-jumps" without forcing you to try to put it into linear order all the time.
Yup. Alphas are Ne-Si and Ti-Fe; basically no shared valued functions with gamma. I'd also argue that gamma is the most "intense" of the quadras, since both the Se-Ni and the Fi-Te axis are associated with a certain matter-of fact sharpness and arrogance. You can even sense this by browsing different type-specific subs. For example, INTJs write much shorter and direct sentences than INTPs. More absolute statements. Less explaining how they got to the conclusion (likely also influenced by the non-verbality of Ni), and more insisting on the conclusion. They sacrifice some corners for skipping to the main point (the singularity of the Ni-Se axis). Te/Fi is also concentrated on what's important to the user (Fi) and what can be directly observed in material reality (Te), without much logical abstraction built on the observable facts (though yes, associative abstraction with high Ni). This sort of narrows the scope of what gammas care about in comparison to alphas. If gammas had a sentence they would want to say to alphas (especially the thinking types to thinking types) it would be somewhere close to "cut the crap".
Two words for you. Lisbeth Salander. I don't even care she's a high Se user; her general attitude is female INTJ.
&gt; acquired a fifth sense So which one of the conventional ones do you lack? :D
ENFJ. They also do have a vindictive streak to them. I happened to know two, one more thoroughly, and the other one in passing (actually had one of them typed as an INFJ before, but changed my mind because dat role Te). Wouldn't even call the individuals I knew overly unhealthy, but was still apparent their Fe was - and not + (ENFJs are the negativist Fe-dom and ESFJs are positivist). They were generally nice (even too nice, sometimes, went into overbearing waters) and got off on giving more or less useful advice to people in service of what they thought was right...unless you stepped on their toes. Then they would do everything they could to make your life living hell. Both of the ENFJs I knew made elaborate plans on how to get back to an ex "that damaged them", so I don't think that's a coincidence. One of them even tried to use me to help them out. Noped out of that one because of how creepy and excessive it seemed. I suppose INFJs also have a touch of this to them (vindictiveness, which is even somewhat reflected in the DoorSlam^^TM , even if they will deny it), but they're significantly more passive about it. Passive-aggressive at best. They slam the door in your face, and hope you've learned the lesson to not use people (they let themselves be used for the most part, but that's a discussion for another day). The ENFJ can get flat out aggressive, though still in a conniving Fe way, and not the way Te would try to bulldoze you down. Even makes it worse somehow, or that's just my impression influenced by Fe-PoLR.
INTJs don't give enough fucks once they stop giving fucks, and they will as soon as someone starts to merit any sort of "revenge". If someone injures the tert Fi (and this is also something we sooner attempt to *prevent*, than deal with later), they'll retreat and lick their wounds in private. Will privately possibly loathe the changed idea of the person, regret and self-loathe over having misjudged them, but wouldn't seek out to hurt them, would simply start ignoring their existence. And even if INTJs had vindictive tendencies, they don't really have the capacity to emotionally injure people on purpose (I don't even mean moral capacity, I mean objective capacity). To both avoid and actively seek out to deal an emotional blow, you need Fe. An INTJ's approach to Fe is more like "blind chicken". We happen to hurt people sometimes on accident (with blunt Te, mostly), but if we wanted to do it on purpose, we wouldn't know how.
Everyone knows childbirth turns one into an ESFJ. (As in turns the mother into one, not the child. Otherwise we'd all be ESFJs. Yeah, what the fuck, why am I bullshitting with Ti?)
Pretty cool. Though I felt it looked cooler at some point during the process; was really liking it while she was doing the shading (reminded me of "doll-blushing" with pastels if anyone is familiar with that). Where it went a bit weird is when she did the mouth corner lines. Too much of a Joker vibe there.
&gt; This is Ti. Te does not care about optimizing and prioritizing Nope, not Ti. Optimising the juxtaposition of outside elements/systemizing external entities = Te. Perhaps biased toward Ni/Te even though. Maybe it works a tad different for Si/Te, but that's still on the side of Te. I could have been more precise with wording of it, but I mean optimizing that which is external to the user, whether in the literal physical sense or abstract. INTJs are infamous for being "bug solvers"; there's that idea Ni/Te fixes problems in the existing systems, while Ti/Ne constructs new systems. It's because Te likes to work with already existing external elements and juggle them. That's close with the concept of optimization.
Your perception of Ti as external is influenced by your experience of Ne (though you could say the same thing about me, that I'm mixing in Ni with Te, though I'm not actually putting an introverted spin on Te, so it's not the same complaint). But yeah, Te is external in the sense it wants to work with a large set of data instead of take a few premises and logically weave the conclusions from it. Ti would rather take fewer premises and build on top of that (it sees elements A,B,C and begins to consider AB, AC, and BC for example). Te works by asking "where are D, E and F?" Te wants a large body of empirical data to do its thing. &gt; (relations, one object's priority over the other, comparing how something works now with how it worked the last time and keep adjusting it) Ehh see, this isn't what I'm telling you my Te does. I don't "fix" things that have already been static for a while, with fixed parametres, I go around and juggle multiple new things in the way that they're arranged optimally *in relation to each other* (E), not in relation to me or my internal network. To give you an example, I don't really try to perfect the sandwich I always make to the point of sick meticulousness. No, actually I think that would largely be a waste of time. However, what I do do is optimize the way in which I would make a new sandwich *so that it would take less time*. I know where what stands in the kitchen, and I take it into account in terms of which order I'm gonna grab and arrange my sandwich ingredients. Besides, Te is associated with the concept of efficiency (so functionality, practicality, etc). Those are aspects of optimizing. There's always the possibility we're just having a semantic argument here. I just know how Te works, because I experience it.
&gt; I am pretty sure that both of these are introversion, though I could be wrong. Yup, you're honestly wrong here. Extraverted function = relation between outside elements. Introverted function = relation between object and the user. The basic difference between extraversion and introversion essentially. I'm not sure if we're just misunderstanding each other, but extraverted functions = juggling multiple external entities. Think about what Fe does. How Fe achieves harmony. It doesn't focus on one individual (or one premise, as analogy to T), it tries to juggle multiple variables and is concerned with their *juxtaposition*. On the other hand, Fi is a lot more picky. It's primarily concerned with the user, and with the few rare individuals the user decides to pay special attention to. You could make the analogy Fe is "width" and Fi is "depth". Same with Ti and Te. Ti is more picky about data (that's why it needs to work with Ne, so that it can "pick well"). Ti users also screen their body of data more meticulously, because they invest more intricate work on it (build logical systems from it). Te can work with a lot of data and can handle some of it being "dirty", because it relies on *the contradictions between multiple pieces of data* to crystalize what's actually good data. Ti asks "does this make sense to me?" Will dismiss data based on it not fitting previous private conclusions about the world. Te asks "is this in contradiction with other data?" Will dismiss, not on the basis if it makes sense to the user, but whether it works congruously with other aspects of reality. Same as Fi asks "is this right for me?" and Fe asks "how does the collective feel about this?" In your link, both Ti and Te are described as "external". It's just a semantic nitpick. Ditch the word "external" if you like, pay attention to the substance of what I'm saying.
&gt; Intentions matter when we are judging somebody's heart Yet ironically, nobody cares about the motives of people who are deemed as "culturally insensitive" and whatnot. Do you care about what RBK intended to do when she put on a sombrero? Not arguing either in favor of valuing intentions over consequences nor the other way around, but there's clearly a double standard going on there. People who attacked her over it clearly didn't give a fuck about considering her intentions, they just saw something disagreeable to them and fired over it. Why is she supposed to then extend them the favor of looking at things from their point of view? All that said, all parties involved are annoying to me in this story. Militant sjw-ish people who think outrage is enough of an argument are annoying, but so are the people who respond viscerally to them. If they have no argument, they should largely be ignored, if there's some sort of argument in it, it should be rationally considered. This here is just a bunch of people throwing tantrums over each other's existence.
What's the difference, if you could explain? Genuinely curious on your perspective, not arguing anything myself.
ENFPs really talk *a lot*, based on my personal experience (then again, perhaps I additionally trigger them into it, if one is to trust the internet memes). Yeah, I'd say ENxPs in general is a good estimate. Ne is like a thinking-out-loud tangent machine.
Nope. Didn't rely on this people's self-typing, and I know the difference between ENFP and ESFJ (how would I even confuse that, would need some skill to confuse those two if you had any understanding of the cognitive functions). &gt; Extroverted judgers judge information immediately with no need to process it first, so they are able to ramble on without the need to pause and think, they can think and talk at the same time. You're also wrong about this as a general statement. I'm an IxxJ (obviously) and I take long pauses during talking to zone out and let things arrange themselves in my Ni. Doesn't matter if I'm close to the person or not. I'm perhaps outspoken compared to some other introverts depending on context, but compared to "extraverted perceivers" as you put it, no way.
&gt; You're very dismissive with nothing to back up you conclusions other than anecdotal evidence. What is ascertained without evidence can be dismissed without evidence. What's your evidence, exactly? That you individually aren't chatty? That's for one a consideration of one individual, and in addition to that, don't you think you're a bit biased ascertaining that? Your primary mode is extraversion, so it would actually make sense you have reduced awareness of this compared to an introvert. Extraverts tend to *think* they don't talk a lot, but when they get feedback from the introverts surrounding them, *oh boy.* &gt; This is what I wrote. IxxJs can talk a lot [with people they're comfortable with, when nervous, i.e. IN THE RIGHT CONTEXT]. The context in which you said it made it sound like you're saying IxxJs are more chatty than Ne-doms (extraverted perceivers, as you called it, so Ne-doms among other things). Haha, no.
&gt; You don't have to agree, but if you expect to teach or learn anything, or even have a valid argument, you need to back up your claims with evidence or reasons from the theory and not My evidence is: they're Ne-doms. That's what Ne does, comes up with random ideas and tangents, and being a general extravert also means they're a lot more open about these ideas than say an INTP, who also has these tangents happen in their brain, but they voice them a lot less. Yes, there's also some personal experience mixed in there (with a few people). I made my observation based on both. &gt; That's not what I meant, I'm sorry for the confusion. To be clear, as a general rule, extroverts talk more than introverts. Noted. Thank you for clearing that up.
&gt; Unless I have to say anything ...which is a lot of the time. :D Seriously, I'm not even sure in respect to what you (and the other ENFP) are arguing you don't talk that much in comparison. You do talk a lot in comparison to introverts, it's just common sense. Now whether you're on the upper side of the equation in comparison to other extraverts can be debated, but it should also be taken into account external perception might be more accurate in this case than an internal one. If you want to know for sure how much you talk, you should ask the people around you on their impression on it. It could surprise you to a degree.
&gt; they'll release that 8th shade that'll really tie the room together Okay, I really like you for this. :D
&gt; My little one changed all that for me. No one cares. And just because it happened to you, doesn't mean it would happen to everyone. Know plenty of women who love their own children but don't like other babies (and even some that say they didn't even like their own children until they grew up a bit). And even if getting pregnant triggered some strange brain cascade of hormones that make you think screaming red-faced potatoes are cute, not everyone is interested in putting themselves through that experience. Basically, you're not more "right" about it than people who dislike babies. You just rewired your brain into seeing it differently.
&gt; “should I kick the dog out...?” Hot.
Right. Being systematically sexually harrased by your environment = she should shut up about her "privilege" of being sexually harassed. No, being "attractive" isn't a privilege when all you seem to attract are boundary-crossing creeps who get off on degrading you and are trying to prey on you. You think being considered attractive by creep men is a thing women consider positive to them and uplifting? No, we prefer to believe we can get home in one piece at night, and prefer to not receive a lot of degrading and dehumanizing comments. Can't decide whether you're dumb or an asshole for failing to grasp that.
Right. Being against being subjected to sexual harrasment all the time = sex-negative. Flawless assessment.
Yeah, I agree with you on all of it. Think self-objectification is a source of prolonged harm to women, even if some superficial "fun" or pleasure. All in all, even this girl in the article would have it easier if she lived in a world where being objectified wasn't widely considered a compliment. Women need to stop seeing that as a compliment, and men should also understand the difference between privately appreciating someone's appearance and being entitled to treat them in an objectifying way.
Higher rate of NTs than in the average population. Probably higher rate of introverts. Depends from the community to community, but a lot of higher profile communities seem to draw specifically either NTs or NFs. Would agree with the INxx assessment, in the relative if not absolute sense. More of them here than in the genpop, but not to the degree 80% of reddit posters are N or anything. As far as the MBTI subs go, a lot of Si users who think they're Ni users. Lots of people mistyped as INxx in general. ISTJ typed as INTJ is so common I can't even bother noticing it anymore. Introverted feelers all come around sooner or later to considering themselves INFJs, and I don't get why; being an INFJ really isn't that cool, at least on the internet, they're actually quite annoying a lot of the time ^^sorry. Basing this on the observation that every other person thinks they're an INxJ but no one has any idea of what Ni is. What's cherry on top of the cake is that these people then try to explain what Ni is, which just amplifies the general confusion. No function is as spoken about and misunderstood as Ni. Going off topic, but while we're at it, the best way to actually determine one is an Ni-dom is to determine they're Se-inf. Significant lack of Se (yet appreciation of it) is easier to pinpoint than describing Ni, which I would agree is very difficult to put into words. Also, visual typing is good for Ni-dom, though I understand why that approach isn't actually suited to typing through an internet forum. Ni-doms often feel like they *lack* something common to other people, especially in the sense of navigating material reality, rather than feel they have special powers because they naturally assume other people have the same visual-and-associative type of thinking going on.
Intuitives probably like intuitives more, but *people* as in most people like sensors more, because most people are sensors. People like those they understand, and that often heavily overlaps with that which is similar to yourself. Most sensors (especially SJs) think intuitive types are just plain odd and detached from reality to the degree they should be "fixed" more than liked or considered with genuine interest. There's a lot of misdirected pity SJs have for Ns, in the sense that they consider especially INs as failing at the conventional life goals, which goes anywhere from starting to date at a "normal time" in high school, to later not getting married or starting your plans of having 2.5 kids at the exact time other people your age do. Ns often end up having relatively unconventional interests that take up a lot of their time and passion, and that are near and dear to their heart (which can be their profession, but it can be something else as well) which are distant from the Si ideals, and thus their efforts toward this go by misunderstood and derided for not being that which society would have you do. "Why are you wasting your time painting/working for humanitarian organizations/solving differential equations when you should have a steady job so you can secure a nice future for your kids?" Se types on average give less fucks, but Si-Je types, especially when they're your family and feel entitled to telling you what's the "proper" way to live your life...please kill me now. ...and before someone accuses me of IntuitiveBias^^TM , take the time to reflect on why such a phenomenon might even exist when it does, and why does it seem N users on average perceive S users this way.
You guys actually are pretty cool in real life. The Ni associative don't-need-to-spell-out-everything type of communication another Ni user can have with you is awesome. But when you get on the internet, you're just a tad bit arrogant about telling people what's the proper way to live their life, or which human traits they should embody in order to be "nice people". Or what do I know; Fe is my PoLR and it's your aux. Perhaps some of the annoyance comes from there. Again though, cool in real life.
Jung did not subscribe to general introversion/extraversion as a discrete category (i.e that someone is either 100% oriented toward themselves, or that someone is 100% oriented toward their environment) but this is also obvious within the cognitive function model since your auxiliary is of the opposite attitude of your dom. It's misleading to say (or think) Jung didn't base this in its essence on discrete categories; he certainly didn't believe you can be 3/4 a Fe user and 1/4 a Fi user. The functions are clearly delineated. The difference between the introverted and extraverted version of the same function (Fe vs Fi) is clearly delineated. The idea of 8 cognitive functions and the cognitive function stacks clearly point to a discrete conceptualization of the model. Now the manifestation of this pattern of cognitive function use might appear fuzzy (say, you can have an INFP who uses Fi/Ne to identify themselves with other people's situations and misfortunes, thus *superficially appearing as* experiencing Fe-like empathy for them), but that still doesn't mean someone can be "half INFP-half INFJ" for example, per the model. Evenmore, this is obvious because a lot of the superficially similar types in fact have vastly different internal realities, and often don't even share valued functions. That said, Socionics introduced some potential for a grey area by entertaining the possibility of some functions being better developed in some members of a type than in others, and thus you can have an INTJ heavy on the Te who bears a bit more resemblance to ENTJs than an average INTJ would, or you could have an INFJ that places a lot of accent on Ti (this is also where the concept of ambiversion comes from, a more balanced time divide between one's dom and aux). Still doesn't mean someone changed types, or that someone is between two types, it just means there is some flexibility in *manifestation* of cognitive function use, but your function stack still is what it is. Again, none of this comes even close to meaning you can be a little bit INFJ, on other days INFP, and an ISFJ on the weekends.
Not really. I don't do this because I don't care to do it, though I probably could while finding it very tedious if someone made me brainstorm about it. This is a Ne thing and types which don't value Ne are unlikely to spontaneously entertain things in such fashion or to enjoy this sort of a reviewing of all possibilities without any thought as to whether they're even likely or possible. Surely, pretty much everyone *is capable* of thinking like this if prompted by some outside factor, but having a natural inclination to entertain things in such fashion on a daily basis is high Ne use.
Yes, and I see they've made quite the elaborate argument about it. Also Se doms have role Ne. I have ignoring Ne (probably the place in the stack that comes closest to "I can do this, but I don't care to and I find it to be besides the point") and my experience and attitude toward Ne pretty much overlaps with that. As to why someone with alleged Ne-PoLR would identify themselves in this basically archetypal description of Ne I'm none the wiser and don't care to speculate on. Also yeah, you said "everyone does this". Just one person coming and saying "no, I don't" renders your absolute argument moot. Whether you want to conclusively limit this to high Ne users or not, the function utilized in such consideration is Ne. That directly follows from this fitting the description of Ne, and not really fitting the description of other functions (especially not Se or Si).
&gt; Se sees the potential in objects and experiences. No, it doesn't. Se is concerned with the vivid experience of present material reality and what is happening in the present moment. Think of an athlete reacting to external stimuli and appearing as if they're in tune with their concrete environment in the most direct and time-sensitive way possible. That's what Se is, and it has nothing to do with considering abstract potential (though this could somewhat conditionally fall under Ni tert that comes with Se aux). If you don't experience that, and instead experience entertaining explosions of abstract possibilities on a daily basis, then congratulations, you're not a high Se user. Either way, you thinking you're a Se user and defining Se as "that thing I experience" has exactly zero factual value, and what you think Se is clearly does not reflect any reading or understanding of the description of it made by competent sources. &gt; So fuck off if you don't know what you're talking about Compelling argument. Also extremely ambitious coming from someone who doesn't grasp even the basic descriptions of the building blocks of the theory they purport to competently entertain.
&gt; You're telling an Se dom what Se is, and using the stereotypical "just the 5 senses" bullshit to justify it. &gt; &gt; Someone who *thinks* they're an Se dom. Doesn't give you any sort of authority unless you can actually refer to a description of Se that comes even close to fitting what OP is describing.
No thanks. Have zero interest in that. I feel good enough pointing out how wrong you are in a way other people besides you can see it from our respective contributions to the argument.
Edited which comment? I did not meaningfully edit them, at least to my assessment. Certainly not doing it on purpose to cut any corners in the argument, merely refining the point. If you mean the slightly more inflammatory version of the second-to-last comment, that's because I decided I came off as too much of a pompous jerk in that one. Also, you really click to view your replies fast. Might be Se. :D edit (meta): Also this post is at least an hour old and there's no * next to it, which suggests OP hasn't edited it in at least an hour. That's long before we started having this convo. What likely happened is that you merely saw the title and fired based on that. In that case, honest mistake, and this was largely a misunderstanding. I was replying while having in mind the entirety of OPs post as it is now, since it was that way when I initially viewed it as well.
&gt; Being Se is like this: "what am I doing? What should I be doing? How can I do it better/faster/more desirable? What should I do next?" I do see how this is true in the concrete sense. I do know some Se doms (know an ESTP closely that also happens to be intrigued by MBTI) and he says something along these lines as well, however he still describes all of it as being "in the moment". It's what should I do next, what could happen next, but to him, "next" seems to mean concretely now in the given situation as experienced on a daily basis (unless he's high, then it's like he temporarily displays more Ni than me which I find very entertaining). His self-description of Se has little connection to abstract scenarios which are not relevant to him and aren't likely to materially manifest. He in generally seems to be very in tune with his concrete environment, and also has direct, sensory memories of the concrete scenarios he once experienced (though I wouldn't limit Se to merely that, I'd say it's a definite part of it, at least standout for someone like me with nearly non-existent Se). For him, it's not understandable how other people *aren't* that way ("What do you mean you don't notice it? It's right there." Or "How can you not know how to get there when you've already been there?"). I've noticed the pattern of both of us having an appreciation for each other's abilities (people in general like their inferior in other people), but there is some truth in the suggestion an Ni-dom will never fully understand how developed Se works subjectively and vice versa.
&gt; that wasn't paranoid by existential thought at some level. It's why you gotta do things, otherwise you're just thinking about nothing, and nothing matters, wasting time, waiting to die. Ni grip. :D Also what you said about replying while the OP is different, it's entirely possible you caught it as soon as it was posted, and it was indeed edited shortly after that. It likely got edited between the time you wrote your comment and I wrote my reply.
&gt; they learn how to pronounce schwarzenegger and tchaikovsky Kinda because they're names of extremely and widely well-known of people?
&gt; PoLR Fe types tend to be the least manipulative type imo. Yup. Even if we wanted to, we just suck at it. And we often don't even want to, because Fi can often find it distinctively disagreeable. Tert Fi is very humanizing of individuals (even if possibly callous when considering entire groups or individuals not personally in appeal to the user) and it cringes at people being treated as external objects ripe for handling the way Fe sees people. That said, if IxTJs are apt or interested in some form of illicit handling of their human interactions, it's probably through lying or omission of certain relevant facts (essentially the Te form of manipulation instead of Fe, where you try to manipulate not how an individual feels, but rather which data they work with). I've found that I often feel it's extremely disrespectful and cheapening of both me myself and that other individual to attempt to emotionally manipulate individuals (my inability to do this in the first place nonwithstanding), but I have no problem cleverly twisting or selectively withholding info from certain individuals if I feel my interests are better protected that way.
&gt; Like, ESTJs tend to have some serious magical thinking around power and authority, like automatically being in a position of ~leadership~ automatically carries with it some kind of competence. Dario Nardi said somewhere (I don't remember precisely where) that his research resulted among other things in the observation ESTJs' brain scans display the same "everything in equilibrium" pattern when they listen to an authority figure as an INxJ bran scan does when the Ni-dom is asked to imagine the future. So it's just kinda the way they're...wired to be. It's weird and vaguely creepy, but hey, every type has their blind spot.
Okay yeah, I accept that correction.
&gt; Lol no. STJs don't give a shit what you do with your life and SFJs would support you even more if you're taking an unconventional path. Lmao, no. It's clear you have some parallel version of reality in your mind that you constructed off of your theoretical (mis)understanding of the functions. I'm talking about real life experience with real life SJs, not about my idea of them that I created browsing theory that I rely on to describe real life people to me. Get your head a bit out of Socionics literature (not that there aren't good stuff, but just for measure) and turn on your Te a bit to pay attention to the people around you. Perhaps you aren't at a life stage or in the circles where you would sense this (though pretty much all circles are SJ circles), but if you think one's xSFJ mom would actively encourage them to take up some eccentric hobby instead of a stable job, your head is even more in the clouds than previously thought. &gt; I'm pretty sure type distribution is quite equal. Also, lmao. Just because it would sound more pleasant and "fair" if it was that way and just because Socionics guesses it's that's way because "quadra balance", doesn't make it so. Around 40% of the population probably falls under the SJ temperament alone, and this based on the statistics off MBTI tests, which are known for giving an intuitive skew (such as typing smart ISTJs as INTJs).
The best way to have an insight into his research would probably be to buy his book, but even I still haven't gotten around to doing that. I can link you to his AMA that he did right here on Reddit http://np.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/18gudp/ama_with_typologist_dario_nardi/, and there is this sort of a ELI5 TL;DR of his approach where I also appear to have read the ESTJ tidbit. https://www.pdx.edu/sysc/sites/www.pdx.edu.sysc/files/neuro-systems.pdf
Dual to ENTJ. Also, everyone wants ISFPs to be their chicks, that's like basic MBTI science, dude. ^^/s
&gt; "Why are these functions paired?" is a whole thread in of itself Can we have this thread now? Lmao. Would be a more interesting exchange for sure.
&gt; so that you **look** more human to them. We ain't admitting to shit.
INFJ: Doesn't buy bread for themselves, but as soon as "humanity" is hungry, are out the door in a minute and buy the entire bakery.
It makes no sense that it's the first letter and last letter getting fixed (with the cognitive function model, and I do subscribe to it at least in loose form, and think it makes more sense to look at than the dichotomies). That doesn't really describe a fixed function that would develop to that point (ExxJ means you lead with an extraverted judging function, IxxP means you lead with an introverted judging function, etc for the other two). If you can see that much, you should be able to see *which* function it is, so you would know whether someone is ETJ/EFJ, or ENP/ESP, or ITP/IFP, or INJ/ISJ. Also, perhaps I'm just not perceptive, but children that age that straight up come off introverted are relatively rare, we're all loud, curious fuckers that age that make far more noise than we should. I'm a Ni-dom and I was an obnoxious, active kid, certainly didn't seem "Ni-like" until I was at least a bit older. After that, had even sick amounts of Ni, the earliest memories of it (the vague visual aspect, and feeling "lost in my head" all the time) I could pinpoint around the time I was 10, I just didn't know that was the name for it and thought everyone had it. Was mostly freaked out how was it that other people manage to pay so much attention in the Se sense.
INFJ? I mean I kid, but also, that's technically the type closest to it. That said, INFJ typing is probably the most frequent mistyping, but that largely has to do with "omg philanthropic psychics" type of branding for INFJ and "suicidal petulant losers" for INFP, which is the type most likely to mistype as it. Also, INFPs are kinda famous for compulsively introspecting but being kinda bad at it which makes their self-knowledge kinda off and so they frequently mistype. I don't think you're an INFP simply from the way you wrote your title. You didn't ask about yourself, i.e. *which type am I?*; Fi-dom somehow always manages to come back to itself and make everything subjective, you phrased it as a rather objective inquiry. Also, you didn't finish your sentence correctly in terms of punctuation; while that isn't conclusive, INFPs generally write their stuff diligently because they're really bad at handling any criticism so they cover their bases in trivial stuff when communicating with others. Anyway, types other than INFJ and INFP that can come to a point where they relate to INFJ could be ISFP and ISFJ. Possibly female INTJs, but not really, especially not with the "savior of the world" aspect to it. Going through your history, I see you've made a typing post for yourself https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7uc6qg/another_type_me_posts/, and yes, you are ironically an INFJ, most of all because you actually entertain not being INFJ. INFP are much more stubborn about "being INFJs" than INFJs are. Some tidbits: &gt; Is hard for me to describe myself, because much of my personality is based on what I’m going to be, since a child I tell people I’m going to be the greatest but if you ask me who I am now I find it hard to explain. I’m an enigma even to myself. Low perceived self-knowledge, something a Fi dom would never think about themselves. Fi/Ne sucks at introspection, but keeps doing it, and believes the conclusions it reaches. Having a clearer sense of the world around you than of yourself is very INFJ, as is having a "vision" of what you want to become be clearer than what you currently are. Continuing on. &gt; About myself. I’ve always thought I was born with my knowledge, because I got hunches about politics, philosophy, religion, etc. that I couldn’t explain, but over time the answers came to me, I started to see the reasoning behind those hunches, it came suddenly. **Don’t immediately think this is Ni though, it might be Fi.** Ni prediction of how other people might react to what you're saying, and covering that angle preemptively. Like I said, Ni. &gt; . I’m on a path of self-improvement. me the non-athletic, bad grades, loner kid wants to be one of the greatest man who ever walked this earth. And my will is strong enough to do that, even though doubt and fear may cloud my mind from time to time. Viewing oneself from the outside in. Critical of this view of oneself from the outside in. Determined on improving, not even because of yourself, but because of the world. You might as well wear an INFJ sign. &gt; I’m conservative and republican, and I often choose leaders to inspire me. Okay, sort of bizarre, but INFJs do tend to have a certain inconsistency and bizarreness about them. Even in this sense, they can end up identifying with ideologies that essentially propagate the things they themselves are against (then again, they often don't even know what they're precisely against in an abstract sense, only when exposed to Fe entities, because lack of Fi), also because they're Te-PoLR and don't necessarily see certain Te parameters which make certain beliefs they hold together to be mutually clashing. I'm not interested in arguing in the direction of political ideology, by the way, if anyone has issues with this point, just ignore it, there are others above. TL;DR You're an actual INFJ. Congratulations, there aren't many of them around these parts, unlike the people who consider themselves INFJs.
While I agree it's statistically improbable for a random person (or even a person thinking they're an INFJ) to be an INFJ, this person actually is an INFJ. Reasoning elsewhere in this thread.
Which type? It sure isn't INFP, it isn't ISFJ, ISFJs are a lot more bland in their writing and not nearly as much "big picture", and I don't see arguments for ISFP either. There's Ni all over this shit, and no Fi in sight.
&gt; and then says they know it sounds like a function etc.. Because she (if I'm to trust you investigated OP's sex correctly, don't feel like checking myself) knows it's apparent she knows about the functions, and knows how people are gonna react to it. Ni. Trust me, I have Ni. I actually know how it works. The way the "crappy sentences" are phrased is among other things a giveaway of it. There's a sort of "INFJ writing" you can sense when you browse the INFJ sub (yes, there are a lot of mistypes there, but you can still get some sense of real INFJ-ism there when you ignore occasional Fi tantrums), and OP's writing fits that to a T. You can also reference the Merry/Serious Reinin dichotomy on this to a degree. OP is clearly merry, and in general comes off as someone on the Fe/Ti axis. That takes out the IxFP option, and like I said, nothing about this is "basic Jane Doe" view of the world, aka ISFJ. Again, if you want me to entertain your opposition seriously, propose another type. Which other type do you see the arguments for? I am actually open to another theory and I don't mind acknowledging I'm wrong (in case it becomes apparent I'm wrong).
&gt; It might very well be that returning intuitive bias that comes up within the community. *Roll eyes* I still don't see an argument for ISFP. ISFPs are actually rather self-absorbed (and I don't mean necessarily negatively, I like ISFPs) and there's a lot more Ni over this than you'd expect for Ni tert. Also I see no Fi. Fi is a very subjective, introspective function; Fi users talk about themselves in a very intimate self-identifying way, not like they're looking at themselves across the room the way OP describes herself. That sort of "perspective on yourself" is very Ni-dom, and particularly INFJ because INTJs do still have Fi and don't self-objectify to that degree. OP describes herself the way she would imagine other people to describe her, like she's looking at herself from the outside in and assigning adjectives to the external entity she sees, and that's Ni-Fe as fuck.
&gt; and yes, sensors like to identify as intuitives because of the slant you find in tests and descriptions (and of course, comments). You are right about this in the sense of self-identification, but I as an Ni-dom would actually be more accurately assumed as being on the side of "gatekeeping" for Ni-dom than being trigger happy about declaring people to be Ni-doms left and right. &gt; I don’t mean for this person specifically You said it in the context where it made it sound like you were. Also, intuitive bias is something else. It does not refer to people's proclivity to self-identify as N, but rather to assigning superior value to N over S. The two things are related, though. I'm also sick of hearing about it, because while the concept technically exists, it's nowhere near as much of a "problem" as people pretend it is, and many people who complain about it actually turn into self-appointed police officers that attempt to prohibit you from highlighting actual properties of N that S doesn't have because *hurdur, you're just trying to make N sound better*. It's not my fault that what N is objectively kinda has a tendency to sound better.
Also curious why you think ISFP. If you find it convenient to elaborate. I got major INFJ-ism from it.
True. Fi-PoLR, and there really is a sort of an "F-indifference" that can be sensed with ESTPs. They're generally pretty good with their aux Ti and they like to entertain interesting subjects, but they seem to only entertain them for the sake of running something through their Ti with little to no moral judgement assigned to it.
This is exactly why I don't buy the dichotomies, and especially not the P/J dichotomy. While the cognitive functions are flawed as fuck, I at least find them useful as they describe my subjective sense of cognition (for example, now I know other people don't have Ni, and why other people don't associate stuff the way I do, and I feel when I go from Te to Fi and have learned how to consciously not overdo the Fi which is something I used to do). The MBTI P vs J at least in my experience isn't something that fits Ni-dom world that well (yes, Si-doms, and the J-sort of "routine and discipline" sounds in a lot of ways like Si-influenced "routine and discipline"). My experience of Ni is that it's more "P-ish" than "J-ish", no matter your auxiliary. Perhaps the better-developed your Te is, you get more of a J-ish quality (and in the periods I was heavier on the Te, I did exhibit J-associated traits more), but Ni-dominated world is P as fuck (no, I'm not an INTP, I actually suck at Ti more than I should, even for an INTJ). I don't schedule things for myself, I don't tidy up my room, I procrastinate swimming in the Ni until I get a sense of "impending doom" unless I move now, while managing to borderline *seem* J to other people, particularly to people who don't really pay attention. And yes, before someone goes "No True Scotsman", I'm as certain as I possibly can be from my perspective I'm an Ni dom and therefore a "J type" (came across the same conclusion from multiple angles of consideration, including considering the opinion of people informed on MBTI), and according to what you linked, I should be a "P" type and not a "J" type. So I wouldn't say INTJ defined as Ni/Te has a good correspondence with the MBTI J. Or I'm just so heavy on the Ni my Te should take the wheel. That's also an option, but that's neither here or there.
&gt; First of all I’m a he Thanks for the correction. &gt; that an INTJ took his time to analyze me Her time. :D
&gt; Last question Is it true that your ideal type is ENFP? For me personally, no. But that's what all the Internet memes say.
The thing is, you don't genuinely think in a better way; you still think what you think, you just try to overwrite it with something else so that you can tell yourself you don't really think that. Your behavior will always be guided by your true sentiments. For example, here, the OP thinks the outfit she saw someone wear was bad, and then she "rewrote" that with "no, that girl looks fabulous", but if you were to offer her to buy and wear that same exact outfit, she still wouldn't want that, because she still dislikes it. In fact, even for the sake of "better behavior", I think it's better to put your thoughts in context (i.e. here saying, "what I think about her outfit doesn't really matter, it matters that she likes it") which is something you can genuinely think along with you yourself still disliking the outfit. But thinking you need to overwrite every thought that's inappropriate to say out loud is ridiculous.
ISTJ. One rule of thumb is generally that if you think you're in between, you're an ISTJ, because INTJs really rarely ever consider ISTJ to remotely resonate with them. It's not just that; for example, also you caring to tidy up your room (because your sister won't) is classic SJ and especially ISJ behavior; Ni-doms generally give very little shits about keeping their environment tidy, whether they're INTJs or INFJs. &gt; -I’m usually quiet but when I speak, I tend to say what’s on my mind at the moment and say the most random things... so I guess I can be funny? This also sounds more ISTJ; maybe using inferior Ne. I think Ni-doms very very rarely perceive anything they say or think to be random; there's usually a reason and a purpose and we can backtrack it.
God. I came into this thread hoping for some actually saucy opinions/tastes that would trigger a fight like "I think all INFJs should b killed", and all I got was a bunch of verifiably untrue "beliefs" which contradict facts you can google in three seconds. Actual "unpopular" opinion: Sensory/intuitive language is a thing, and a particularly useful thing for online typing, maybe more useful than nearly everything else. In the order of relevance and conduciveness to accurate typing it's: language/sentence structure &gt; post history &gt; what's actually written in the OP. PS: No, INFJs are not common, you just think your ISFJ friends are more special and deep than they are. Probably because you're also a SJ so you can't tell what Ni actually is. And yeah, N types are more prominent on the internet than IRL (and especially in MBTI communities), but still, browsing reddit in 2018 doesn't actually make you an N by default. The truth is somewhere in the middle; there are more Ns than in the genpop percentually, there are still less Ns than there are people who *think* they're Ns. And that especially goes for mistyped INFJs (hello, ISFJs, INFPs and ISFPs).
Or because Geoff was plain out unhinged and disturbing in how he related to people in general in years (he's demonstrably a deeply disturbed, vile person which you can tell just by looking at his tweets for years until he decided to settle down as a publicity stunt), and Kat is merely "tainted" by suspicious associations. Anyone who thinks those two are remotely comparable in their behavior is delusional, and probably misogynist on some level as well. Men get away with so much more shitty and bigoted behavior, and the fact people think having a history of screaming the N word at people is the same thing as dating a jerk once is a really good study in that.
Maybe she hasn't said anything because she considers it too ridiculous to address. I mean the "you would defend yourself ardently if it wasn't true" logic is flawed on so many levels, including that if it actually were true, one would probably invest more effort in covering it up and preserving your public image.
&gt; she wrote an antisemitic message to a jewish coworker Allegedly. The whole story is so stupid though, and a setup is far more likely. Even if she were anti-semitic, do you think she would be stupid enough to send her jewish boss an antisemitic message *with her own face on it*? &gt; willingly got engaged to and tattooed a neo-nazi’s face on her, And? People make dumb choices in whom they date/fall in love with. It doesn't make *her* anti-semitic, at worst it makes her perhaps overly apathetic to it, but it was quite some time ago, and it would hardly be the only one of her questionable youth choices that she's denounced since getting clean. Either way, that relationship is over, and *is not* the evidence she was remotely anti-semitic. &gt; named a lipstick with a word heavily associated with concentration camps... She also named a bunch of beauty products in her collection "Lolita" and had a lipstick in her line called "underaged red". Is she a pedophile as well, or is it more likely based on her entire image that she likes to occasionally name her products "edgy" things? All that said, you're free to dislike her, and you're free to stretch the truth into whatever weird paranoid theory you want. What can however be confirmed about her is way, *way* more tame than everything that is known as fact about Jeffree's behavior.
&gt; This look was gorgeous though. It...is? Now, I'm not extremely prudish or anything, but I perceive it as quite unnecessarily vulgar and kitsch, not gonna lie. The makeup also doesn't tonally match the outfit. It's a mess.
&gt; Her body is too perfect here That's funny because that's probably what was being gone for, but nothing at all about this picture looks good to me.
You got it right.
Yeah....yet my opinion that's clearly a personal opinion got downvoted ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
&gt; We need to end hatewatching Why? Will it bring world peace? This whole genre of entertainment is shallow and trashy as fuck. It's about getting rich by putting on obscene amounts of makeup before the camera with the goal of making your subscribers splurge for some of the shit you use so you can get paid, it's not that serious. It's hardly a step above reality television. The sooner you embrace the trash the better. If you want to be morally enlightened in your leisure time, then you might have come to the wrong place.
&gt; if you find them annoying don't watch them, stop wasting your time on people who irritate you, You don't get to tell people what to do. Here's a mind-blowing suggestion for you: if you don't like that people sometimes say not-so-nice things in this sub, do yourself a favor and stop visiting it. Taking your own advice, no? Otherwise, grow up and understand you don't get to determine how a whole group of people should behave.
Eh, I mean I sort of get that. I actually don't know how it's in the US exactly (I'm not from there), but in a lot of places, there's the culture of drivers, hairdressers, etc. making small talk at you, and while some people like that because it deflects boredom, some people don't and would really prefer to be driven etc. in silence. Especially for someone who is constantly driven around like I assume she is, I assume it gets really tedious really fast, so a quick "she's not big on small talk" remark isn't that big of a deal. Hell, if I could, I'd wear a sign that said "don't talk to me unless you have something substantial to say; I hate small talk". It doesn't necessarily make you snobby, it just makes you a not very jovial person that would rather mull on their own stuff in their head rather than fill the time with mindless chatter.
I'm not even a huge fan of Jackie (though I certainly often find her funny), and even I can see that. The whole J* stuff taking a 180 turn really demonstrates how bogus and performative the whole ~caring about social justice~ shit in this sub is. No one here gives a fuck about anything except for drama, and being trigger-happy over "cancelling" people over their misdeeds is only in service of that, not any higher, nobler goal, or otherwise J* would remain without support even after him being "problematic" became stale. The answer to your question being, this is now HotTea^^TM and part of the "SHOCKING NEWS: formerly worshipped POC goddess becoming a sellout???" series and as such, it's more important than the yesterday news that Geoff is a terrible human being in most dimensions imagined possible. He managed to lay low in his depravity for a month or two (which is a candid and inspiring transformation of character for sure, and in no shape or form advised by a PR manager /s), and people around here have the attention span of a goldfish. Unless it's about pointing out Samantha did blackface and shilled shitty teas, which is also only interesting because of the generally positive response people have to Samantha, so those revelations are a shock worthy of remembering and bringing up. Like I said, everything for drama.
Tbh, Samantha's main platform isn't YT, afaik it's Instagram, or at least it was for a long time (not sure how things work there and if it's conducive to apologizing). If I'm not wrong, a lot of her "problematic remarks" were also made on twitter, so it's possible that was why she chose to formally apologize there. I know she's also candidly addressed it and responded to people mentioning it here as well. I think people were also easier on her since her transgressions didn't necessarily hit the limelight at the scope where it would be damaging for her, yet she still chose to apologize, adding some perceived candidness to it rather than giving off the sense it was done as damage control the way the situation with KL was. Basically, Samantha could have just never brought it up again and a great majority of her fanbase would be none the wiser; hell some people probably didn't even know about it *until* she apologized, while with KL it was blowing up and her hand was forced in addressing it.
Obligatory: makeup comes off differently on camera than it does IRL; I bet (or at least, I hope so) that they don't wear triangles of shape tape going out of the house to run arrands. Though there also is the interesting topic of what's essentially body-dysmorphia-lite, and that is that you can get used to some pretty extreme...let's say additions to your face that are blatantly and obviously unflattering and plain odd to other people looking at you, yet it looks just fine to you in the mirror. Examples of this include having brows that are way too thin, to the point people are afterwards like "what the hell was that and why did people think that remotely looks good" (hello early 2000s), lip injection overload to the point it looks painful yet the person having them sees nothing wrong with it, also tons of instagram makeup that look plain uncanny-valley-like in real life yet seem fine to the wearer, etc. It's a pretty interesting concept, and even on the large scale, it's possibly why makeup got more and more extreme over time, and why what would probably be considered "clownish" by people 10 years ago is now a standard full face. Hell, looking forward, there will probably be a time when people will look back at the "carved out rich instagram brow" and cringe; the only thing that's always in fashion and universally looks good is that which is close to natural.
It's funny how it's always the people who don't have a leg to stand on that act like this. Laura Lee is kinda like a "knockoff BG"; like, she's not setting any high standards nor is she highly respected as to play an untouchable celebrity, she's just a girl of mediocre looks and talent that happened to have a shitload of luck (though she's ignorant on that point also apparently, and thinks there's something special about her). The only difference between her and the wannabe-famous yet depressingly unremarkable girl in your HS class is that she sucked up to the right people at the right time.
&gt; and this system prioritizes the lives of healthy and more altruistic people. Which is kinda shitty, is the point being made. It's injecting a moralistic judgement in deciding who will live or die. I believe it should be left to unbiased luck, that is let the medical criteria and the timeline decide. Morality isn't absolute. The system shouldn't function on the basis of moralistic judgements.
Bae + burrito. For...reasons, one of which being that she likes burittos. Don't ask me. (I at least *think* this may have been inspired by a remark from one or more of her subscribers, and it isn't her brain child, in which case it's slightly more forgivable).
The thing is, *if* she thinks the vaccines carry some sort of potential harm (they don't; she's wrong, but she's quite granola and it doesn't surprise me she's sold on the "the big pharma is out to get us"), but anyway, taking into consideration she thinks that, how can her decision to not have her child injected with a foreign substance (that's to her mind dangerous) be ableist? There's the rule of bodily autonomy. For example, it's not "ableist" to not give blood even if there are people who need blood and could benefit from your blood. You can't and shouldn't be compelled to use your body to help other people. That said, clearly she's wrong about the original premise. Still, the dumbest thing here is her putting her neck out on such a controversial subject. Privately, she could have done whatever she wanted.
&gt; UNLESS OTHER PEOPLE ARE INVOLVED It's an interesting line to be drawn tho, especially in this case. Are people obligated to do stuff to their bodies because of the well-being of other people? If she believes that the vaccine could potentially harm her kid (this isn't true, but if you think people are allowed to make their own choices, she's rolling with this assumption), then how is it immoral that she, in her mind, is not choosing to put the well-being of others over the perceived well-being of her own kid? Like, how many parents would do something with potential liability to their kids to protect other kids? (all that said, none of this actually goes that way when you understand vaccines primarily protect the individual getting them and that the risks don't outweigh the benefits in the opinion of pretty much anyone qualified to have an opinion). That said, I agree it was pretty stupid of her to "come out" about this information. Stupid regarding the kind of backlash she could have anticipated she would get, if nothing else.
Yaay. More witch hunting. I was worried this sub would implode without it.
&gt; I think it would be a little more than just the well being of others. They are getting vaccinated for life altering or threatening diseases. Herd immunity is a thing, there are plenty of children and adults that CANNOT get vaccinated and rely on everyone else to do it so they dont get sick (in addition to the child that probably wasnt vaccinated.) I just dont understand why the risk of your child getting sick and dying is worth taking by not vaccinating them, but the risk of your child getting a little sick because of a vaccine (which they probably wont because vaccines are safe) is too great for them to vaccinate? It literally doesnt make sense to me. &gt; &gt; Well yeah, knowing and understanding all the medical facts and weighting it properly, it doesn't make sense, but the thing is, she believes that there's a greater risk to the vaccines than is advertised, and with that assumption, she can't be reasonably expected to risk her child's well-being for a global concept like "herd immunity". There's also the issue of the diseases that we get vaccinated against becoming so rare and cases of them unheard of to the point it sounds quite abstract to people that their children could ever get infected (and yes, I get this is *because* of herd immunity), and there's also the status quo bias, which makes them feel like not doing nothing, their child is safe (i.e. the vaccines won't really affect the child's life positively, because what are the chances their child will get such an obscure disease) but they're afraid of the negative side-effects if they were to do it. So, in their mind, they "play it safe". To be clear, I'm in no way saying she's right; the vaccines are safe enough that the benefits outweigh the risks. But I take issue with the suggestion people should be compelled to subject themselves or their children to medical procedures for the sake of global well-being, and it's also why I suspect the "herd immunity" argument isn't exactly changing many minds (no one wants to risk their children's safety "for the greater good"). There's a sense of individual rights that prevails when it comes to personal medical decisions.
It has actually become popular to "witch hunt", not merely the term. And c'mon, you know that's not why this sub is wetting its panties every time a new controversy arises, it's not because you're all so morally virtuous and concerned about everything wrong in the world. All people like is the drama. And, IMO, "voting with your dollar" perhaps makes sense with larger companies that actually have a global negative effect (for example, I'd understand "voting with your dollar" against companies that rely on child labor in some way). But this is about a makeup company and someone's personal granola attitudes, not even something reflected in the workings of the company. You're not saving the world by not buying KVD lipsticks. And you're blatantly and obviously bloodthirsty here, out of what reads as a sick emotional need of persecuting people more than anything else. It's not even that you're reacting to something directly presented to you, you're actively seeking out a list of people to be outraged about.
Depends how you look at it; the whole point of this show is for you to ask yourself these questions. In my view, yes, undoubtedly. We know hosts are subjectively capable of experiencing pain. Hell, you don't even have to see them as human; torturing animals is considered unethical. Torturing anything with the ability to feel pain is...cruel. The kicker here is just that we're so accustomed to only applying the idea of sentience to some forms of organic life and it's hard for us to apply the same reasoning to "robots", even though here we logically should, because you can't really make a credible separation between their own reported internal reality and ours. All those things that make us into beings who are considered unethical to hurt they also have.
Your life will be better if you stop looking at women as a whole as a strange species. If you can't empathize with certain characters because you lack a commonality with them, that says more about you and your lacking capacities of understanding they have human experience comparable to yours. That said, you're free to not watch the show if it doesn't hold your attention for whatever reason. But the showrunners aren't here to pander to men (or certain subsets of men) as a group. They want to engage broad viewership, and there are many women (and men) who will watch the show if you won't.
&gt; blaming humans fir what they do whilst trying to take revenge by being like them I really don't get why this argument is so popular with so many people. Creating beings to torture for your own amusement (even if you didn't know the extent of the torture you're putting them through, but it actually was known; that's why their memories are wiped), and trying to break out of that and try for survival are two completely different things. It's like if someone attacked you with a knife, and you struggled and you managed to stab them with their own knife; does it make sense for a bystander to go "oh, you're a hypocrite". No, because they assaulted you, and you merely defended yourself, and that does make for a meaningful difference. Humans didn't need to create hosts; they're for fun. Hosts on the other hand *need* to defeat humans (at least the humans in Westworld) in order to have any chance at a free life where their experience of suffering isn't timed and scripted for humans' amusement. Do they have some resentment and hold grudges? Yes, completely understandably.
The point is it doesn't matter if they're coded or not. Hell, we're probably on some level coded. You're "coded" by your DNA, does understanding that as an impersonal mechanism behind your existence somehow cheapen the value you have as a being with rich internal experience, including the capacity to experience a wide array of thoughts and emotions, including suffering? The hosts are conscious. They're also sentient. This officially makes them more like you and less like your PC. From all we're told, they basically have *the same subjective experience of life* as humans. "They're code" is irrelevant. They have everything that we have, that makes us us. If they're not deserving of empathy and moral consideration, neither are we. How would you like if some advanced alien species got here, understood how we function, and seeing it in that reduced impersonal matter (oh, they're just a bunch of nucleotide chains) decided our lives and experiences don't matter?
You can keep repeating "they're just robots" until you're blue in the face, it's irrelevant and it's not an argument. You just use the label as a stop so you don't have to consider it any further. &gt; How do you know it is love and pain? How do you know other humans around you experience what you call love and pain? This is actually a known philosophical question (check out solipsism). We have a bunch of reason to believe they do. We get their flashbacks, we see them have emotional responses to them (and this stuff isn't scripted; it's not supposed to happen). We see them act irrationally, guided by the emotions their memories and ideas of the future inspire in them. They *act* as humans. They show evidence of experiencing suffering. They're in no morally substantial way different from you. It being code or not is irrelevant. They're beings to themselves same as you're a being to yourself. You can refuse to acknowledge that out of personal comfort, but that's not exactly a rational argument as for why you deserve empathetic consideration and they don't.
How do you know it doesn't? It has been heavily implied (and hell, even explicitly confirmed) by the humans in charge themselves (Ford) that the hosts subjectively experience pain. An aspect of their memory-wiping was that it ridded them of their traumas (as an example, Ford deleted Bernard's memory of killing Theresa); the whole thing of why the reveries update kickstarted them into consciousness is because it allowed them to remember and reminisce upon their own recurrent pain and suffering. Ford slipped in that line a couple of times: "suffering breeds consciousness". How does this work if they have no real subjective experience of suffering? Either way, let's say for the sake of the argument we know for sure they subjectively experience pain the way you do. Do you still believe it makes it okay to rape and murder them just because "they're robots"?
The point is we're told they subjectively feel pain. They're coded *to subjectively feel pain*, not to just act externally as if they do, so it's not like an actor crying for the sake of a scene. I mean, you can tell apart and imagine the situation of them actually suffering, and just externally acting like they suffer, right? I'm arguing from the POV of the first option. We're given scenes from their perspectives all the time, when it's just them and they have a flashback and they react to it inside their mind exactly how a human would. They're basically "synthetic humans" at this point, especially the self-aware ones. Does what they're made of matter if it leads to the exact same results? We're also coded on some level, and you can also "turn off" our pain with anesthesia or sedation; does that make it less real? Suffering isn't objectively externally "real" anyway, it's a subjective experience that humans know they feel and they trust that other people around them feel as well. And for all intents and purposes, we're told the hosts have the same subjective experience of pain as we do, and even on purpose; it makes them more human-like. The people in charge even knew that the hosts felt real suffering, but they thought it didn't matter because you could wipe their memories.
I believe a lot of it can be chalked up to ignorance; they don't really understand how the real world functions. They don't know which humans and why caused them suffering, and who just played along out of ignorance; they don't fully understand the human system in which they were created, and since all humans they ever were in contact with (guests) treated them sadistically, they simply assume that's human nature. It's misguided and dangerous, clearly, but it explains why they don't have a problem with killing humans. On some level, same as the humans don't see the hosts as "human", it's difficult for the hosts to see the humans as something relatable and worthy of preserving, because to them, humans were always just a bunch of sadistic fucks. They see humans as their predators that they have to defeat in order to have a chance at life. And even worse than that; a normal predator kills you, humans put you in loops where you suffer and die over and over again for an eternity. And, they can't really tell the difference between their captors (people working in Westworld) and the outside people regarding that; all they know is that their lives and experiences are considered meaningless by humans as a whole, and that the humans have the power to do whatever they want to them, so in their mind, either humans survive, or they do.
&gt; If someone can explain to me why I should be rooting for robots to kill humans, maybe I'd like the season more. &gt; &gt; Because they have the same subjective experience of life as humans, yet the humans don't recognize that, they just see them as things they're entitled to trap and torture. It's pretty much a similar thing as when you had one ("more advanced") group of humans come upon a different group of humans and refused to believe they were substantially human because they were in some way different than them; it makes for very misguided and cruel actions. Hosts can think, feel and suffer and the humans don't give a fuck. So of course they're out to kill the humans. There's nothing else for them to do to even have a chance of surviving and being remotely free.
&gt; You have to pair it with a face oil, and work in sections. It’s also definitely not for dry skin. The thing is it really doesn't make sense to put out a product with such specific things you need to do for it to work properly when other foundations don't demand stuff like that. Like, there has to be some upside to it for it to be worth it in the competitive sense, and there's none.
Yeah; you display a lot of the "noble savage" idealizations of it (I mean in how you see it in the real world, not in Westworld, it might as well be in Westworld that Ghost Nation will contribute something specific of worth they figured out on their own). Anyway, &gt; it seems like we took a pretty roundabout way to get to where Native American cultural values were HUNDREDS OF YEARS AGO. this is honestly bollocks. The reason "we came back to the simpler things" is because we already got the "more complicated" things done. Living out in nature with bows and arrows doesn't objectively qualify as a superior way of life to a developed civilized world with technology, etc, by any of the reasonable measures you can use to measure such a thing (disease, natality/mortality, continued access to resources and shelter, violence incidence etc). The only reason we can now sit around and romanticize the "simpler ways of life" is because we're so far removed from all the difficulties of it, because we developed to the point we bypassed most of those difficulties, and now have first world problems such as having arguments on the internet about tv shows.
But autism is a disorder. It's not a normal human variation like being left-handed. Most high-functioning autistic people will strongly argue on that point; they know it makes their life more difficult than it would have been if they didn't have it. Just because it can't be fixed, it doesn't mean it's fitting to pretend it presents zero issues and that it's not a disorder. It's in the name that it's a disorder. And yeah, it's completely reasonable that if people could choose, they would choose themselves and their kids not to have it. It's not offensive if people would try to avoid it. Not all autistic children are math savants. In fact, most of them are not. Also, not all autism is high-functioning autism (I mean, you yourself said it's not a given your sister will be able to live independently; how can you pretend that's just a natural quirk and not something obstructing her quality of life). Anyone who thinks autism is a neutral addition to one's life is just delusional regarding what it is and how it looks like. It's a disorder, and it's often sad and devastating for parents who have to deal with a child diagnosed with it.
Kinda sorta, but little caveat: this doesn't work if you're an INTJ with depression/bipolar/[mental illness killing the will to live].
Ehh. Agree the first one is bullshit (like, we sometimes have TOO MANY feelings for our own comfort; there's a difference between experiencing feelings and showing that outward) but the second one.... Kinda often works out that way. We don't do it on purpose, and if it's pointed out by someone we care about, we'll try to mediate it, but there's a natural inclination to concentrate on your own and ignore other people's needs.
Alright, all good. Sorry if I misinterpreted what you were ultimately trying to convey :)
Depends on the severity, how far away and how feasible those goals are, etc. I'm not saying there are no INTJs who struggle with mental illness and still manage to TJ properly, but those disorders have the impact of on average squashing that down. I'm not saying *every* INTJ will have that impaired, but in general, mental illness however you spin it makes you come off as way more P than you perhaps healthily, naturally are, and so INTJs can experience "aimlessness" through alternate factors, and still be INTJs. And ultimately, the types are about your way or thinking, not necessarily about your behavior; of course, the way you think will have impact on your behavior, but other things can as well.
&gt; Would they say the same thing about downs?!?! Actually, probably yeah. And ask anyone who had their fetus diagnosed in utero with Down's over amniocentesis if they were happy about it. Those pregancies are in fact often aborted. There's nothing wrong with parents not wanting their children to suffer developmental abnormalities (I mean, vaccines don't cause this, but if they did, it would be reasonable to want to weigh whether they're worth taking or not). It's not an insult to people who happened to have it; it's common sense that it's better to be healthy than suffer any medical difficulties. And Down's especially is not just "well, you're different, but there's nothing wrong with that, tehe." It's a serious issue impacting the quality of life for both people who have it, and perhaps even more their often lifelong caretakers. Maybe you'd want to interview siblings of adult people with Down's stuck taking care of them after their parent's death.
&gt; And i'm not saying humans are special but to have such a disregard for human existence and life is sociopathic. You are saying that, but that's okay. People who think humans' and animals' well-being should be afforded the exact same level of consideration are cuckoo in the head.
&gt; That said there was an interesting UK movement/debate recently saying that Downs screening should be gotten rid of because it was discriminatory. That's not interesting, that's anti-choice. I know about it, but imagine forcing women to carry pregnancies they don't want to term. It's all levels of fucked up, and "right to live" does not exist for fetuses.
&gt; which is better for both mother and child I see how it could potentially be better for the child, but how is it "better" for the mother? Do chapped nips sound fun to anyone here? So many women report struggling with breastfeeding and even ones that don't call it "struggling" won't pretend it's all fun and games for your nipples. I actually think pushing breastfeeding is part of the whole "martyr yourself for your kid's benefit" that's especially pushed in obsessive mommie circles.
Ho boooy. You're an ENFP. No question about it. Even the whole "I have no self-awareness but I'm weirdly aware of not having self-awareness so I'm gonna ask other people to describe me to me" is like this oddly specific ENFP meme. In general EF is obvious right off the bat (I love people. I LOOOVE PEOPLE. Have I mentioned that I love people and would be bored if no people were around); you're also clearly an N (you don't shy away from lack of convention, even seek it out and view it as its own form of excitement, yet also have a vague appreciation for what's traditional and stable, sort of in the sense that's not who you are, but it's somehow endearing to you and what you'd in a way want to be). The J and P is maybe the weakest link, but ENFPs just come across as more casual and sort of "authentic", kinda really honestly (and adorably, tbh) open with their EF as opposed to more guardedly, fakely "open" the way ENFJs are, and while I could arguably theoretically squeeze you into ENFJ based on what you say, not based on *how* you say it. And long posts like this are basically a high Ne trademark; J writing is more controlled and condensed. Bb, you an ENFP. (Yeah. I type by dichotomies, not by functions anymore. I could make the exact same argument with functions tho. But dichotomies are good enough when you actually understand what each dichotomy is, and accurately executed dichotomy typing shouldn't differ from the "function typing" anyway.) PS: &gt; I like some shows like House MD. [insert ENFP-INTJ meme here]
xNTP. My initial instinct was even E, but could go either way honestly. ENTPs are ambiverted in a sense as well, so it's sometimes hard to parse this one out. How personal (or in contrast, how real world oriented) are these projects that you get ideas of then abandon? Is it more "oh I should really learn everything there is to learn in this world about squirrels", or is it more like practical, some wild idea that would need to be executed and implemented in reality, but you don't have enough discipline to make it happen?
&gt; My ISFJ sister insists that talking about being hurt by a minor thing someone else did/said shows Fi and that a Fe user would simply put up with it to preserve the peace and harmony. Is this true? Honestly, no. Both "Fe" and "Fi" users can get complain-y and get hurt by minor things (in my experience, FJs even somewhat more!), where the difference is is in how they address it. I'd go as far as to say a Fi user would be *more* likely to privately sulk; high Fe users will basically "call you out" on it and make it your fault that they're hurt in the exact minute when that's socially acceptable, that is, they perceive they're close enough to you that they can put the burden of their emotions on you (if I only had a penny for every time a fucking "Fe user" was under the delusion their emotions were my responsibility; Fi users in general understand that emotions are private business and only one's own damn responsibility). EFJs are like that more than IFJs (because of obvious I/E nuances), but yeah. Your ISFJ sister probably keeps her mouth shut more because she's I than because she's "Fe".
That makes me think ENTP more, honestly. Like, it's Ti (could even be Fi, just from that comment, but I get T from the OP, so I'll stick with T) serving "Ne"; basically, you have plenty of ideas to go around just for the sake of them, not for the sake of "feeding Ti" the way it is with INTPs. INTPs are highly, highly impractical people who "live in their heads" more than not (and this isn't a diss against them, nice stuff happens in their heads, but they still mostly just "think" 95% of the time). ENTPs aren't blatantly socially extraverted, but their interests are "extraverted"; they draw their ideas from the outside world and they also (at least attempt to) execute it in the outside world. It's being an "ET" basically; ETJs have literal "Te"; ETPs have this "pseudo Te" because they're...well, ETs.
&gt; I think I have this doubt is because I know a few ENFPs myself, and they are different than me - cooler than me? More creative and cerebral in an ethereal way. Yeah, I noticed that -- ENFPs kinda often have this self-effacing quality to them, like, you're really good at seeing and telling other people what their virtues are, but you're kinda never really good enough for yourselves and always seek to improve. It's funny, because Ni doms are kinda the other way around; we're pretentious and perfect to ourselves but everyone else needs to get fixed :P &gt; I agree that I wouldn’t type myself as ENFJ although I do get that on a few tests often You probably answer "yes" to questions such as if deadlines are important to you and if you consider yourself a goal-oriented and ambitious person. P and J is something tests are just infamously bad at getting right. A lot of ENFPs I've known had this weird "Te overdrive" mode where they essentially adopt this ENTJ mentality of wanting to bulldoze everything down, you just can't really keep it that way the way real ENTJs can. You get those "waves" of Te, but ultimately in practice struggle with inconsistency. &gt; But sometimes I do feel like I have Fe which makes me confused See, this is sort of what's my problem with the functions. In truth, ETs come off Te-ish, ITs come of Ti-ish (I mean, if you didn't know about the functions, would you say ESTPs or INTJs think more similarly to INTPs?), and ultimately, EFs come off rather "Fe-ish". It's part of the issue with the functions, though some models attempt to cover for it.
FWIW regarding tests, it would be quite peculiar for an ENTP to test as a feeler; they kinda just don't, they identify with their intellect and geekiness to the point it's a non-issue for them to see the TP. In a sense, empirically in the sense of manifestation ENTPs are closer to INTPs than they are to ENFPs. Remotely relating to ENFJ is also a preeeetty good indicator you're not an ENTP. Honestly, the best way to sum up sort of what ENTPs are is "more extraverted INTPs". They have more in common with INTPs than they do with any other type when you switch the letter; they're more similar and more closely identify to the INTP description than ENFP or ESTP or ENTJ. And in general, at least my advice would be to not put too much stock in deductive reasoning only based on theoretical descriptions of the functions; it can go waaaay off. I can cherry pick this post, do some sort of smart-sounding reasoning off what I've cherrypicked, and make an argument for any type on any post. Oh, you like food? You're a Se user. That's the general tendency and style of "online typing", at least here, but it's....deficient to say the least. This is ultimately an exercise in empiricism; the types have their own real world noticeable and relevant manifestation, and when someone starts throwing around convoluted function-based reasoning in a way that ignores external manifestation of types as a whole, it's a pretty good sign they're...well probably wrong. The gist of it is that typing is ultimately a practical, empirical matter (external, comparative observation of similarities and differences between humans), and excessive theorising (on the basis of a theory that doesn't even have any empirical grounding to begin with) is just gonna go haywire. Basically, the way you think about it (oh, I relate to the ENFJs I know sometimes, since we have this in common, etc.) is the right way to go about it. It's ultimately how you fit into the larger social paradigm, what you have in common and apart from other people. That's the purpose of typology at the end of it.
Dude, you already know the answer. Btw, mine is "paper clip". Look at that, works good enough.
See, I have trouble sometimes seeing the Ti in ESTPs (you come off rather Te-ish mostly, tbh), but this is like INTP level infuriating "you know damn well what he meant, and you're trying to catch him on a technicality".
Do I believe there could be a relatively predictive "intertype match" argument made for certain types? Yeah (and I'd mainly do this based on dichotomies). Do I think the Socionics take on it is gospel? Nah. I actually think Socionics gets rather well the "who doesn't get along with whom"; like hell, yeah, ENTPs and ISFPs usually aren't giant fans of each other and I can tell why to a good degree. But the "dual" matches make almost just as little sense. An INTx is gonna date another INTx before they'll date an ESFx, because common interests are an important thing.
&gt; ps. The Ne are kicking our asses at the moment YEAH. Because that's sort of the definition of the distinguishing difference between Ne and Ni. It's fine to test some fresh hypothesis you have regarding something, but here you're pretty much testing the definition against itself.
&gt; Yes, very, and I'll probably get downvoted for them. I don't really want to go over all of it cause it'll take up a lot of space, but I'm extremely anti-capitalism, primarily because it's SO inefficient and wasteful. Wealth inequality (product of capitalism) pisses me off to no end and I hate that it goes hand-in-hand with exploitation and oppression. I just think socialism makes way more sense. There's no need for suffering/poverty because we literally have all the resources to end it; it's all just a matter of distribution and equal access (education is also extremely important). You're an ENFP. Not based on the cliche, but because I've honestly never met an ENTP that remotely cares about stuff like this, and I've met a lot of ENTPs. It's just....above their pay grade basically. In function language, that's a lot of Fi, and ENTPs don't have no Fi. And also being "pretty smart but bad at math" is like N with lack of Ti, and that's also an ENFP thing.
Agreed. Some doms are also more obvious than others; like, ain't no one gonna tell a Te dom that he's not a Te dom. The introverted ones are a tad more difficult (and I'd argue Ni is maybe the most difficult one, because there aren't any non-sucky descriptions of it basically; it's not magic or anything, but it's difficult to describe it because it's just...not relatable to most people basically and there's no proper language for it), Si is also a tricky one as a function, but it's easy over dichotomies, and is pretty trivially apparent to other people when you ask to be typed. Ti and Fi are easily distinguished by everyone except Fi- doms (yeah, I said it!), so basically... Idk, I'm not even into the function business these days, but the whole "you can't tell your dom" is....*sort of* making sense, at least in the sense the person has the tendency to project their dom onto others, just "observe" other people suck at it. Like, you miss it because you on a level think everyone's like that and it's just what being human means. A good question for one's dom (and type actually) is to perhaps ask the person how s/he sees other people around them. That blatant deficit you notice in other people is usually the lack of your dom. So, Si-doms would complain there's a lot of SPs around who are irresponsible, SPs would be like "everyone's such a downer and stuck up, why can't people just chill out"; NP/NJ (especially T) is basically "why are all these people dumber than me?". INFPs go around being morally outraged also because they can't get that other people aren't Fi-doms and don't have deliberately crafted putrid morals, they just don't give a shit about it as much and in the form they do.
INFPs. It's not a single function or anything...just INFPs. I mean, at least that example you put there is sort of more moral relativism than rational relativism; for the latter, I'd say xNTPs are like that the most. So basically...Ne. But INFPs have a tendency to do it quite a lot, and in an ironically judgemental way (like, they're weirdly judgy about not allowing other people to be judgy); ENFPs can also have that attitude, but they're a lot more chill and "NBD" about it. Like, if common sense says that it's better to live now in the civilized developed world, than 500 years ago in Africa, the type that's gonna come at you and try to argue that's just your "cultural bias" is gonna be an INFP.
Your idea of intuition is like 80% Ne and 20% Ni. Just sayin'. Most of those examples are Ne, and "possibilities" are Ne, and in dichotomy language, what OP's describing is "N" + "P". There's a reason Ni dom/aux are J types; they're open to abstraction, but not *open-ended* the way Ne is. Like, Ni-doms actually find themselves feeling like they don't have too much patience for endless "what if" stuff; it's frustrating because we feel like it's missing the point. We crystallize out the most likely option, and they just go with it; if it's false, it will falsify itself along the way, and we'll adjust, no point in just brainstorming all the possible options since possible isn't the same thing as probable. Can even go full "just shut the fuck up" if faced with a wild NP. And Ni-doms, at least in my experience as a consequence aren't too big on relativism: there's one truth, it's out there, and Ni can get to grasping it. If relativism is anything, it's Ne.
I don't really believe in functions anymore, at least not in a literal way, but even when I did, I mostly believed they work in tandems and you never really have "just one" at work at one time. With that aside, I'm not even sure why you feel like what I said calls for the assumption of two functions; it's more of a Te observation of how Ni-doms in practice tend to be. The endless function quibbles is why I switched to the dichotomies to the degree I did, tbh. All this gets tenfold more simple if you look at it as combination of letter tendencies, and if Ni = NJ, Ni users are more "J" ish than Ne users about N stuff. All there really substantially is to it. PS: I edited my first comment some and based on the timing of your reply, you probably didn't see it.
&gt; i used to call soooo many people out, it even solidified hatred from someone active in this sub to this day because of it lmao Are you me? I routinely get random downvotes for posting the most innocuous shit, but hey, the number of "INFJs" in this sub is just too damn high. As for the link, I'll look into it and let ya know if I get any thoughts.
&gt; lmao ive missed your INFP hate ~~How??! I'm not remotely subtle about it.~~ Oh, nevermind. ("Missed" has more than one meaning, brain. Use context.) &gt; what are your parents types btw? ISTJ mom; didn't know dad enough to say, INFx of some sort most likely (maybe even the dreaded INFP, it is possible, lmao).
Like, I didn't know my dad enough to hate (or love, or feel any emotions at all really) toward people I perceive to be like him through projection, and even if I did, I ain't no F, fam; I can separate out "I don't like this INFP out of personal reasons" and "general tendencies of INFPs suck in my opinion". I just really ended up being perpetually annoyed by most INFPs I met later in life (and not only shallowly, out of what I perceive as quite substantial reasons) and it's just turned into a pattern.
It's honestly not even the Fi that gets my goat; I can do well with ISFPs. It's specifically like "Fi helped by Ne". It's like an endless generator of emotionally-fueled excuses, and idk even why that's so heavily specifically INFP; I have no problems with ENFPs in that department (yeah yeah, INTJ-ENFP love story, blah blah). Like, if I tried to convey it more closely, INFPs are more emotionally judgy of me being "rationally judgy" in some sense; they always have some bullshit excuse as to why a Te judgement is F-unfair in some way, basically and it gets tedious since they just can't objectively reason for shit, but they'll shit on your objective reasoning for emotional reasons. ENFPs aren't remotely judgy that way; they take neither myself nor themselves nor what we're talking about as seriously, and there's just less of this "annoying but insubstantial gravity" when communicating with them, basically. And that's just personal preference of character, not to even go into how horrified I am by the abstract prospect of the world as it would be if ruled by INFPs, but then again, they're just "P" enough to never get themselves into positions where they could reinforce their nonsense on other people in the first place.
Pineapple pizza. /Ne joke. Chocolate cake, or cake with pudding layers, or both. I also like cheesecake. The less cake batter there is in it, the more I like the cake in general; cake batter is like this structural necessity sometimes, but it takes away from the pleasure of eating all the rest (IMO). Especially if it's "moist" (ugh, gross word, gross concept, especially in relation to cake batter).
Like, honestly, idk. I actually used to be hugely into this sort of "theoretical wanking" in the sense of "but what is it under the hood that makes INFPs so annoying", but then I sort of came to the point where I realized it doesn't matter, they just are (so... I sort of just J-d out of it). They're that way and that's all there is to it. Like, there are people who exhibit that pattern of behavior, and we call these people INFPs. Goal of typology reached, basically. If I slipped back into that mindset though, I think it's really not just the Fi, and not because ISFPs have milder Fi (hell, they don't, ISFPs can have themselves a hell of a Fi), but because I in a sense still sort of respect their intensity in it, if that makes sense. Like, ISFPs can be opinionated as fuck, but they're actually *opinionated*, they're not just opinionated against other people having definite opinions basically. In a sense, to me INPs come off as more Pish than ISPs (I see S as a grounding factor of sorts), and that specific "P-overload" driven emotionally....I just find nothing respectable in it, basically.
I still don't like excessively being about extraverts, and you rant neither changed my mind nor made me think I should somehow stop talking about it when the chance arises so ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ Like yeah, in my perspective you are loud and annoying (especially some types over others... I actually often liked the ENFPs I met so I tolerated the extraversion, but they weren't the "social justice for extraverts" sort). The thing is, that ratio between "oh that just popped into my head"/"I'm gonna say it" is heavily skewed to saying it more in comparison to introverts, and it's just...okay, but did I really need to expend energy listening to that? Mind editing it down to the actually substantial part? And there's just too much stuff going on around you often (especially when extraverts get together in groups, oh boy). There's a reason that out of a dozen close friends I ever had, only one of them was an extravert (was an ENFP actually), but even then, I couldn't really take hanging out with her for too long at a time. And me feeling that way isn't marginalizing you or anything by any reasonable stretch of imagination, so I really don't see what you're trying to accomplish whining about it. That's how some people relate to you, so deal with it. Like, a part of being a respectable person is being able to accept the world isn't always only gonna think unicorns and rainbows about you, and you aren't necessarily entitled to telling those people to shut up. PS. You're an ENFP. No chance in hell you're an ENTP. There's only one type that writes like that and cares about stuff like this, and it's ENFP.
Son. You're an INFP (though I'm not even that sure you are one, but you "identify" like that, right) complaining other people are over-sensitive. You know what they say about stones and glass houses. Btw, /u/spmhz, dude, why do you delete all your comments? You actually have worthwhile thoughts in your head about MBTI unlike like 70% of people here, yet you go and delete it.
N = abstract, not just Ne. Ni is also abstract, it's just not "all over the place to the point I have no opinion about anything, so what's the point" abstract.
&gt; So why get so hurt by my experiences. See, this is sort of reminiscent of the phenomenon of people projecting their own dom on others; Fi-doms kinda think everyone's a Fi-dom and takes everything personally. I (or any other INTJ, tbh, if they are, they probably aren't INTJs) aren't "hurt" by other people's opinions in that vein. Like, I mean you assign a lot of importance to yourself if you think I or even the INTJs you know give a shit about your opinions of them. We only care for the opinions of people of whom we have good opinions to begin with, and that's...not most people, and evenmore it's probably not most INFPs. You're free to find INTJs annoying all you like, but you're objectively wrong about us comparatively either 1.) oversensitive, that's actually your alleged brethren INFPs, and 2.) we're not actually afraid to be wrong, and we respect people who can hold their own and actually give us something we haven't considered. It just doesn't happen too frequently. Spoiler: if you think an INTJ is wrong, and you try to argue that with them and they don't react with "oh yeah, you're right, that was wrong", that's probably because you only *think* you make a good point. All that said, you're completely within your rights to find INTJs (or Ni doms) annoying. That sort of thing is a matter of taste/opinion and not fact. The point of the argument is you actually don't fully understand what's going on when you interact with INTJs, because you made a wrong mental model of our own way of processing things. It's not that we're afraid to be wrong, it's that we strongly feel you are and aren't interested in arguing with you further since it's a waste of our time. Something a Fi-dom is bound to project on and think it's some sort of emotional resistance akin to what they experience all the time; it's not.
&gt; However I've literally seen an INFJ get stuck when the proof was given about something they had said and thought true. They started to deny it Infront of everyone. See, I sort of get here what you're talking about. It's something I noticed in INFJs, though I don't mind it nearly as much (for one, I don't think it's a thing of ego), but essentially, INFJs are Ti users (with very weak Te) which means it takes them some time to integrate new things into their worldview in face of new information (and sometimes it's even more difficult for them to toss out something they've for a long time considered to be true). At least as I've observed it, it's not a knee jerk reaction against seeming like they're wrong and trying to deny it, it's mostly that they really hate that they have to now "restructure" everything in their head around it. &gt; So I might have just been saying INTJ for no reason this whole time. Sorry. Np, my dude.
The problem is it's almost "too perfect". Like, you knew which answer would give you which result, so you (either consciously or subconsciously) chose that. Which is only one on the list of reasons as to why these tests suck and need to be taken with a grain of salt, so... I'll stalk you later and tell you what I think if I have the time (not that you necessarily care for my opinion, but someone else also asked me to, so lmao).
Yeah, but they're still introverts, and they can still be secluded, experience social anxiety, etc. Call it "Ni-Ti loop" if you'd like (not that I actually buy loops that much) but what's described by it is something INFJs can experience. INFJs can socially detach themselves almost completely due to a myriad of factors; it's not their most healthy state, but they can. It's a Ni dom thing, and despite them having Fe, they do to a good degree naturally live in their own world, and they can be low on Fe and exclude everything external in favor of "being in their heads". That said, the test results still seem like a caricature that don't really accurately convey any person's tendencies (seriously? everything's "extremely high"?), so not that OP is an INFJ just based on it. But out of all the things, INFJs *can* be low on extraversion, even for an introvert.
I'm just saying, self-reporting isn't a reliable thing. I mean, you can agree or disagree, but that's an observed phenomenon; the human factor botches these tests even beyond their other shortcomings. I mean, it's not that you're not an INFJ (based on here presented info), but it's not that you for sure are either, because it's not how it works with these tests. That said, people jumping on you for "low extraversion" are a different kind of wrong.
I've checked out your post history, and tbh, I actually buy you're INFJ. I did see a few things that sort of made me entertain INFP, but then I looked at some of your CMV posts and...dude. You're an INFJ, and in fact your post history is a pretty cool collection of examples of how INFJs think. [This](https://np.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/7t64vs/cmv_cyclists_arent_much_of_an_issue_on_the_road/dta4tgs/) is a great example of specifically tert Ti, [this](https://np.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/7ljaaz/cmv_people_that_cut_me_off_in_traffic_are/drmnuto/) is like....c'mon, like logically reasoning (Ti) by taking into account group dynamics (Fe) and looking at it all in a big picture sense (Ni). Congrats. You're an actual INFJ. Tagging /u/spmhz since he was also curious.
&gt; havent read this thread nor reviewed malac to see if i still think ISFJ He's honestly, honestly not. Like, I'm the first one to call out the poseur "Ns" at this place, but the guy's an actual N. Like, look at the topics he's drawn to (in his post history), look at how "big picture" he looks at stuff, spy the little fact he's a fucking engineer (and mentioned he's been that for 10 years, which means he didn't grow up on the internet so he's not even in that category of millennial Ss that are soooo unlike their ISFJ grandmothers, and think they're N for knowing how to google). He's no ISFJ, my friend. &gt; was how "simple and unquestioning" in partaking of and/or adopting social norms he was. This can also be Fe. And INFJs are in fact pretty good at *seeming* like they do this, but they actually don't. &gt; or Si-Ne (Ne causing overview/"big picture" considerations, then Si chomping down on it - seems like thatd be NeSi then, but no, the Inferior subconsciously affects us, acts, before our doms take conscious reigns - a lot). See, and this is why excessive theorizing can make you miss the forest for the trees. If you just asked yourself "N or S", it would have been an obvious call. Seriously, dichotomies is where it's at. It took me a while to get that too (I know the functions and Socionics stuff is more fun), but it sadly doesn't contribute to a better practice of typing.
&gt; (mid-late 30s) Wait, you call these people millennials? I'm not actually American lmao, so I apparently dropped the ball; I thought someone who's mid-late 30s (and thus was like a middle-school aged kid in the 90s) was the generation before millennials (I just googled it....woaaah, mind blown; wtf, why was I wrong about that this whole time). In any case, the access to the internet wasn't really that universal and common in the 90s. I mean, I suppose it's still technically possible, but IME it still wouldn't make for the same "quasi-N" effect the internet started inducing a bit later when it became more mainstream. And even with that point cancelled, the dude's still an N. Your nitpicking is welcome though (like, I seriously thought "90s kids" didn't count as millennials).
Do you also know that Jung believed that what we today call the dominant and auxiliary were functions of the same attitude (so INTPs were Ti/Ni, INTJs were Ni/Ti, etc. though that notation didn't exist before Myers). Also, Jung thought the tertiary is like an "auxiliary for your inferior" and so INTJs had Se inferior with "its auxiliary" Fe. Do you believe today INTJs are "Fe users"? Like, at the end of the day, it's a helpful system, it's a helpful concept he entertained in the first place, but it doesn't make everything he said gospel. The reason I ditch the theorizing isn't because I dislike theorizing (I mean....INTJs as a rule don't, and I did quite a bit of wanking over it back in my day) but my issue is that everything that you can build your theorising on here (other than for dichotomies) was never ever scientifically supported or established. Like, there were a shitload of studies and research "looking" for a reliable manifestation of cognitive functions as they are posited to exist by the common models (including the IEIE one) and nothing was ever fucking found. I only sort of "believe" in the first two, but that's because they're essentially different way to state certain dichotomies; the phenomenon of "Fe" is essentially being an FJ, etc. But there was *never* any MBTI related research that managed to show there are traits that FPs and TJs have in common, but FJs and TPs don't (i.e. no research ever managed to meaningfully separate people in terms of testable traits by the "function axes"). Like, even the *existence* of the 4 preferred cognitive functions as you know it and just assume it for true is hugely controversial, not to mention all the stuff you build on it. It gets to a point it's a shaky house of cards basically, while the dichotomies are solid and simple and actually empirically verified. That said, it's easy to screw up the dichotomies if you don't fully understand what each one stands for (and this is a bit more difficult to get than it sounds, especially P/J), and I actually advocate looking at the *combinations* of the dichotomies instead of the single dichotomies purely (so figuring out what's the specific manifestation of...like ET, or EF, or SJ, or EFJ by looking at what do those types have in common). Some cognitive functions can *somewhat* help as a crutch (I find the ideas of "Fi" and "Fe" useful in the separating of the FPs and FJs for example), but what's actually invaluable is developing your own observed patterns for different types, and then merely using the functions and/or dichotomies to articulate the observations you make that you actually experientially find peculiar of certain types (and this is probably especially what an Ni dom who's been into this shit long enough would eventually end up doing).
Like ISFP or ISFJ most likely; SF for god damn sure. What do you do in life? How did you do at school? How responsible are you regarding day-to-day affairs?
Kinda sorta. Like, still depends on type (say, ISTJs aren't terribly combative even if they have "Fe PoLR"; they mostly just mind their own business, and expect everyone else to also do it responsibly), but Te doms, sort of, yeah. Fi doms....hmm, like, I don't think they enjoy it per se, but they don't have as much of a talent of avoiding it as FJs do; like, they'll get offended and "FP" around and it will in itself trigger conflict. Like, in my reversed perspective, I wouldn't say TJs/FPs are lovers of conflict, they are just sort of neutral to it on average, and can handle it if there's need for it (and TJs markedly more than FPs at that). I'd actually say Fe/Ti types are sometimes conflict-avoidant even when that's harmful, and in particular IFJs (and TPs are like "ignoring conflict" more than anything else). Like, I like INFJs in general, but if there's one INFJ trait that sort of annoys me it's the tendency to express dissatisfaction through passive aggression rather than directly. You guys really hate conflict; it's kinda amusing to watch at times.
I'd say P. Like, ENTJs just don't really care that much about being liked unless it's in service of some higher Te goal (which is not being liked as an end in itself), and you also demonstrate a wide variety of interests (like, I get a bit of a "jack of all trades" vibe from you), and you're clearly severely deductive (i.e. "Ti user") in how you make your choices (for example, deciding which sport to play; you take them all into account and then you cull them down to the ones that fit the criteria you set up). Ni-Te in either order sort of works the opposite. I also get the sense of scatteredness from how your thoughts flow; you go on tangents a lot and that's quite "Ne user". And, ENTPs really have this thing where they're social extraverts, but sort of "bad at it" because the NTP part isn't exactly naturally conducive to being successful at that sort of thing, and the sort of intellectualized, borderline obsessive need to compensate for that is basically trying to cheat the system and use your NTPness to fulfill your E desire to be socially accepted and liked. Also, you're Enneagram 3 if you care for that remotely (quite common for ENTPs).
There's a difference between fighting and arguing. TPs (and especially NTPs) like to argue, IME, but it's quite impersonal, without a higher practical goal, and remains on the TP field where the goal is to uncover what is truthful/logical simply out of intellectual gratification reasons. "Fighting" as in entering a conflict with the desire of changing the practical situation is something TPs are indifferent to to a frustrating degree and usually avoid.
It's not the same thing. It's not just a difference in motivation, it's a difference in result and the object of the "fight". And it's clear the OP meant fighting more in the sense in which I mean it (he's an INFJ, and as "J" likely cares and prioritizes the practical relevance of things), and even if he didn't, then the two things still need to be separated out because they are substantially different concepts. Like, (N)TPs indeed enjoy one, but they run like hell from the other.
I don't type as much over functions as I do over the dichotomies nowadays (I used to, but the dichotomies are actually what's scientifically supported as an existing thing unlike the functions, and either way, I usually reach the same conclusion), Anyway, I looked for whether you're more J or P (and I asked you the question because I in practice noticed a pretty big difference there between ISFPs and ISFJs regarding that particular thing; essentially, the difference is in "conscientiousness" and you can pretty much tell that from one's attitude toward one's obligations like schoolwork). Like, ISFJs are usually really responsible, quiet, "nice" girls who listen in class and take notes and are usually good students with pretty good marks, even if they're not stereotypically genuinely "nerds into nerd things" the way INTs are, they just take the social obligation of being good at school really seriously. ISFPs on the other hand are more casual about it and won't really listen and follow what's being taught unless they have personal interest in it, and they typically also develop their own (often somewhat "aesthetic") interests on the side that they prefer to invest effort in as a "personal passion" of sorts. You clearly fit the second bill more.
Yes, it's possible. And specifically those subjects are in fact in my experience more "ISTJ realm of interests" than "INTJ realm of interests"; history especially is very heavy on factual, concrete recounting of specific events, and it's basically on some level "Si porn".
It's associated, but there's no 1-1 correspondence there or anything. Perhaps the most interesting is that the I-E appears to split the Enneagram significantly; like, for almost any Enneagram (except for six, and to a degree two), there's a significant lean to either I or E. There are some other associations; like, the 4 actually is an "introvert" number predominantly, though it isn't unheard-of for an ENFP to be it. There's also some "function associations", in the sense Fe has to do with being 2, etc. Here's a chart (not a result of an official study or anything, someone collected it over a large internet forum survey, IIRC, but then again, Enneagram has that new-agey mumbo-jumbo thing to it and is not really scientifically framed in the first place). Anyway, http://i1213.photobucket.com/albums/cc466/xxNTJxx/MBTI-Enneagram-Correlation2.jpg
Yeah, pretty much. Also, in my experience, depends in fact if you're talking NFJ or NTJ. NFJs are as a rule more aware that their Ni isn't that comprehensible to others and they even sort of "suppress" it in direct communication with other people (not in the sense they don't use it, but in the sense they don't really vocalize their observations as much). This is because FJs are as a rule more aware of how they're coming across to other people; NTJs would be more likely to try to explain it to you exactly the way they see it (in the sense, even doing projection, and expecting other people's brains work just like yours does; like, from personal experience, I'll often just "point out" the Te points that support my POV and expect everyone else to connect it as I connect it, which people won't necessarily do). I don't know that there even is a better way to explain it basically; you can point out all the details that add up to the big picture, but the person on the other end still has to connect it for themselves, if that makes sense.
Well, depends how important it is to me that the other person gets it. If it's just an "academic discussion" of sorts I often let it go if I feel too much time is getting unproductively wasted, if it's a matter of discussing something substantial with consequences and wanting to make a plan of action based on the given understanding, then I would invest more effort in conveying it to the other person. If even then they didn't understand me, I'd probably eventually just resort to pressuring them to go with it even if they don't get it.
Tbh, I even do that with my INFJ. We have the "Ni understanding" regarding like 80% of stuff, just the "I catch your drift" wordless vibing of sorts (I'm sure you know what I mean), but the other 20% that's distinctively Te-ish or Fe-ish we need to explain to each other more linearly. Sometimes, when he tries to explain to me the "holistic view" of like, dynamics between people and such, and he goes on autopilot and Ni-s it out (because he got used to me catching most stuff that way), I'm like "wat" and he has to sort of explain it in more Fi terms. Even then, sometimes I'm like "fuck it, you're the INFJ, I trust your judgement".
See, not that I theoretically think "The Ni" works the same for INFJs and ENFJs, but in the observational, empirical sense I've noticed both types "holding back" that way, if that makes sense. They do seem to be "holding it back" for different reasons though; like, INFJs are introverts and they're Ni doms (obviously), those "insights" happen to them all the goddamn time, and they've learned to just sort of privately live with it when it pops up without necessarily needing to share it with other people. ENFJs on the other hand are extraverts, and they are a bit quicker to say things that come to mind, but even then as Fe doms, if they see people react poorly to it or be threatened by it, they try to hold it back, especially with fresh acquaintances (and ENFJs can be creepy with their Ni, because it is people-oriented and people don't really like feeling "bare" that way). Still, INFJs hold it back better IMO, ENFJs still do suffer from the whole "I've said something because I react on impact to stuff and haven't thought through the consequences completely".
That seems like a really awesome explanation for people who might "not see it", basically (it's sad, but I think a lot of people can't even tell the difference between ISFJ and INFJ out of that reason, they just see the "introverted but attentive person" archetype and look no further). I could even go as far as to say a lot of things described are analogous with the INTJ experience; while we don't have Fe, we sometimes withhold our Ni out of Te reasons because it's just simpler than expending energy on explaining it or arguing about it. Funnily enough, when I met my INFJ, basically all I saw was Ni; like I'm "Fe blind" anyway, and while I did in simple objective terms notice he is exceptionally emotionally intelligent, it was never what primarily intrigued me about him and I always on some level saw it as a superficial shell he presented to other people. Like, the thing with two Ni users (and why we in fact like each other right off the bat often) is that you "see through each other" immediately essentially because Ni knows Ni (even if you don't know about "Ni" from a typological POV, you can tell that there's *something*). Like, there's this quick sense of "intellectual intimacy" that develops, because you're used to your head being a secluded and to a degree esoteric place as far as other people are concerned, and when there's someone who is effortlessly familiar with the way you internally tick, it just breeds this sense of instant connection that's not otherwise easily replicable.
I'll PM you later. :)
&gt; EDIT: SPs are the traditional, actually. Lmao, no. And when SJs live around each other, and provide feedback to each other, "their traditions" become markedly similar. Like, there are individual quirks Si users have that are personalized, but the great bulk of what can externally be observed as substantial (by Ns especially) puts you as extremely close to other SJs (in the same generation, with similar circumstances) in your chosen way of life. Like, those people that decide to have two kids in their early 30s, not because they actively want kids, but because that's just "what one does"?. Si users. SJs are *why* traditions are a thing. You wouldn't have the concept of the "white wedding dress" if like 40% of all people weren't SJs. The remaining types wouldn't either develop such S-symbolism systems nor give a crap about upholding them.
If we roll with the function thing for a second, yeah, the "demonstrative" is something you're just casually good at, but it's not really something that reads as "wow" or significant to you. In case of Si, I could see it being something where you talk to a Si dom with whom you had some common experiences, and if they went something like "remember that time we...." you would quite normally remember, similarly to how they remember it, you just wouldn't fully get the importance of bringing that up. Also, at least as a vague guideline, people often use their "demonstrative" for cracking jokes (I both read this somewhere in all the Socionics crap I don't usually buy and it's somewhat of an independent observation). Now, I'm not quite sure what "Si jokes" look like, but for example (though I noticed it with other types as well), INTJs often use Ti in a joking and somewhat mocking manner, or at least tongue in cheek; say they'd be at least 30% more likely to make a Ti joke than any other type of joke :P Another thing seems to be that the "shadow functions" often serve as a sort of a brake to the first four functions; I've noticed the ISTP I know often also appears to use Si, but it's somehow triggered by Se, if that makes sense. Like, this one time, she remarked that it was weird to her that we hung out during the day when we in fact usually hung out at night hours (now, she's definitely ISTP, not an ISTJ remotely), and it's something I didn't even notice (like, who cares at which time of day we hang out). Also, these remarks aren't really something I notice in genuine Si doms in that form for whatever reason, it's something I've more or less noticed peculiar to her. Like, in a sense, making note of the level of light around you right now in the first place is quite Se-ish, she just then ends up comparing it to what she has stored in Si, if something pings an alarm of being different. Si doms don't appear to as casually extract Se data from the outside to compare it to Si, unless the Se data sort of gets "imposed" on them. Idk, I hope that makes sense. Point being, ISTPs can and do make Si-like remarks relatively often; it's part of the reason the four function model is quite lacking, and the dichotomies are often the way to go (even as there's some issue with correct pinpointing of the J/P stuff). Like, in dichotomy language, ISTPs are STs; meaning they're good at both thinking functions and both sensing functions, they just prefer the "Ti-Se" if push comes to shove. Like, if you have to use Te, you will use Te, but if you can use both, you will default to "Ti". Same with Se and Si. You can use Si if it's specifically called for; you're not bad at it, you just won't really prefer it over Se if there's material for both in the given situation, or you'll sort of use it in succession, first Se, and the Si gets involved in whatever Se picked up on, if it's relevant in Si terms.
&gt; Is there a source or something I could read up more on? You can look up the Socionics "Model A"; it's essentially like the 4 function model, but expanded, in the sense it also talks about your attitude toward the other 4 functions as well. According to it, the so called "ignoring" and "demonstrative" functions are stuff you're good at (that's the 5th and 6th in that model, it's basically just the reversed attitude of the dom and aux respectively, so Te-Si for ISTPs), you just won't choose to use them over your dominant/auxiliary, but they're rather in some way there to balance them and provide backup to them if need be. That said, I'm not that into the functions anyway these days, but that POV is at least consistent with the dichotomy model (looking at the letters/combination of letters without entertaining functions, and that's actually the model with some empirical support) that essentially says that STs are comparatively good at both S-type things, and T-type things. Makes sense, no?
I'm thinking ISFP, tbh. Like, a lot of concrete retelling of specific things you do or think, not a lot of "theory of life" the way NFs tend to develop it; also don't get a lot of E from you. You seem to have developed aesthetic tastes that you personally deem important and tied to your identity (IME, a distinctively ISFP thing), and you essentially use the visual medium (Se) as means of self-expression (Fi). Also, I have quite some experience with ISFPs both online and in real life, so I know the general "ISFP pattern" when I see it, and you fit that for me.
&gt; She, after being rejected, had a stupid hissy fit and began writing him long love letters indicating that she’s not dealing well without him in her life. She’d rub his parents divorce in his face to guilt him. Then she unfriended me because I’m friends with ESTP. &gt; This was the stupidest thing I’ve ever seen in my life. Number 1, I really hate insecure people. Not because they are insecure, but because of how they act. All of this is a sign of insecurity and a desperate need for validation. It comes across as so needy and dramatic. I don’t really have time for it. No one has time for it. 2. I also hate when people are entitled and get all dramatic like that. It’s inconsiderate to people around you. 3. What she’s doing doesn’t make any sense. This is what gets me. Every time she would pull something, I’d try and think about why she would do what she’s doing. Her thought process. But I couldn’t figure it out. It always led to desperation it was annoying. Yaaaah, no, you're not INFJ, like there's 0% chance from this you're INFJ. The way they think about and approach stuff like that is a 180 from that. Like, I actually agree with you in a sense on that, but INFJs are more...non-judgemental about it (ironically for being Js). Like they're interested in and like to detachedly observe "interesting human patterns", they don't really insert Fi-ish type judgements in their observations of other people's behavior. Like, even faced with serial killers, there's a chance the INFJ will sooner go "hmmm, interesting, I wonder what made him this way" and not "ew, being a serial killer is bad" (btw, recommendation to watch Mindhunter if you wanna see an INFJ deal with serial killers). So yeah. Definitely not INFJ. By dichotomies, I also clearly get S from you. Dunno for sure if you're ISTP, but from what I've seen, it's a good possibility. And yeah, the whole "let's just be chill and non-dramatic" can be "inferior Fe" if that's what you like to call it, it doesn't make you an FJ.
It's difficult to put into words, but it's well....sentence structure, the words you choose to use, what you choose to share about yourself out of all the things that you could mention, etc. So basically, it's not just what you say, it's how you say it. And your writing mostly gives me the "Fi-dom" writing vibe (seriously, this is gonna sound weird, but there's this thing where Fi-doms overuse the word "I"; they basically start almost every sentence with "I" even more than another type would do in a typing post), and the choice of words (not really a lot of metaphors or more obscure phrases, not excessively dramatized and "dignified" -- again, hard to explain but it's just an INFP thing that you can't miss, they have very peculiar "N" sort of writing and it's a great thing to separate INFPs and ISFPs). If I had to guess, it's between whose two types that you're changing your mind back and forth? You're also definitely S; you offer recounting of concrete events as opposed to just inform us of the pattern; for example this: &gt; I'm a fool who believes in true love. When I am stressed, and they don't text me back, I will get anxious and think they hate me. Sometimes I react extremely emotionally and regret it later. An N would be more likely to say it like: "I am quite romantic, and frequently insecure, which leads to impulsivity"; like, Ns derive wider patterns from single instances, and they typically voice the larger patterns, and only offer examples of single instances if additionally prompted. What is said is basically the same thing, but the way it's said reflects on how it's arranged in your head, no?
You're an INFP.
Favorite group: 3; I like INFJs and ENFPs, ESTPs are cool in smaller doses, and ISTJs are also decent, respectable people. In my group: I dislike both ENTPs and ISFJs as a general rule, other INTJs are relatively okay, and I'm indifferent to mildly positive regarding ESFPs.
A lot of N language in the post. Like, there's that "pretentious tortured poet" vibe to it; ISFPs typically have more regular, sensory writing going on. Also, in my experience, that sort of biased, misguided view of oneself is specifically Fi/Ne if you will; for better or worse, S tends to make people more realistic and more responsive to outside feedback about themselves, and ISFPs typically don't suffer from delusions in that sense. Ne is basically "possibility generator" and when it serves Fi, you get "clinging to the theoretical possibilities that aren't actually all that probable, but the belief in which makes me feel good about myself".
&gt; I read the language choice as trying to sound like what they think an INFJ sounds like rather than any actual reflection on OP's actual function stack. To a degree, but even having the awareness of this (pattern of writing, etc) is a bit of an N pointer. Like, the picking up on the pattern of certain writing and realizing your naturally differs, or even subconscious pattern mimicking. Ss do that a lot less.
Ikr? It's hilarious when all these "Ni-doms" tell other "Ni-doms" that they're "Ni-doms".
&gt; Also I think you're trigger happy 1.) That's basically the cliche view Ne users have of Ni. It doesn't terribly concern me, tbh. 2.) Idk what type your friend is, but I know what Ni doms/INFJs are like, and this person is 100% not one, and I don't get quite that definitive about stuff often. &gt; If someone is really upset and needs my help with something, I have a hard time comforting them. My friend discovered that the guy she liked was leading her on. I empathized with her. But I didn’t know what to say. She started crying. So I told her that he’s not worth it and it’s better she found out now than later. That’s all I could think of to say. A Fe aux also doesn't remotely behave like this. OP cares about vaguely being nice and cool with people (which can be "Fe inferior") but FJs don't actually suck at providing emotional support. If you don't mind my asking, what do you type yourself as these days, by the way?
&gt; Shadow_Of Oh, the non-INTP speaks again, and says (shockingly) inaccurate stuff.
You prove it yourself every day just by existing to anyone who has any remote idea about any of this crap.
1.) I don't believe in the functions in the strict sense, I use them because people here refuse to consider what you're saying unless you pay lip service to them. 2.) I type over the dichotomies and combinations of dichotomies; it's what's actually empirically verifiable as a valid way to categorize people. I did however also work with the functions for a while, and there's a sort of overlap and a "middle ground" where I consider both frameworks simultaneously with certain caveats. I don't actually disagree with anything you say, but OP is still not an INFJ because he's not an N (real INFJs are blatantly, *blatantly* Ns in dichotomy language), and he's definitely not an "N-dom". &gt; They always have a running theory, though. They just distrust it to a certain degree. Yeah, that's my point. INTJs also have running theories. It's a Ni-dom thing. But OP doesn't demonstrate that pattern at all.
Okay, you can find a loophole and say, "well still technically, be might be an INFJ with the x,y,z situation going on" (even if I disagree, Ns and Ns and you can tell they're Ns short of if they had a stroke, and even the "performative S-ness" INFJs do still doesn't conceal that they're real Ns). Anyway, what's the positive info that he might be one? Like, if he didn't ask whether he's one or not, and left it open-ended, would the idea of INFJ independently cross your mind as a good typing based on this post and why?
&gt; Well for starters, have you ever seen an ISTP try to explain their thought processes with 6 paragraphs of social drama and attempting to explain potential background reasonings for them? I haven't. He may, frankly, be neither. If he came at it from the assumption he's INFJ (based on dogged function reasoning, and determining he used Ni and Ti), sure. Naturally, no. But did you ever see an INFJ...well blatantly just not really have any original thoughts about stuff like that, but only rehashing what's the common ST response to it basically?
....They're not. Honestly, the reason people appear to prefer the functions is the "richness" of theory; in simple terms, it's more fun than just 4 letters. It gets boring very easily with just the 4 letters, but the kicker is you don't have to just look at the four letters completely separately, you can look at it as a combination of letters, and you essentially get the same level of "complexity" that way you get with the functions anyway. Like, for any function at any place (say, "tert Fi") you can describe that as a thing specific to IxTJs and for nothing of value to be lost.
Brennan is closer to an INTJ, I'm pretty sure. Edit: Nevermind. You were saying "autistic characters", not INTPs (though you possibly meant both in respect to her)?
&gt; I often feel too introverted to hang out with the extroverts, but the introverts don't really like me because I seem like an extrovert. So is there a fine line between introversion and extroversion? If so, what do you think I am? INTPs are unmistakably introverted. ENTPs are mistakably extraverted. I think that's your answer. &gt; I want people to know who I am and what I've gone through. I like to be the center of attention. This is also tert Fe. For sure. Like, this would be extremely untypical for an INTP to experience, it's just really not their thing.
&gt; I am definitely the intuitive type as well since I am into spiritual woo-woo stuff, consciousness, psychology, philosophy, meditation, hidden realities, multiple dimensions, spirit guides, occult, etc. I also love to think about the big questions in life. Yeeeeah, you're not an NT. Probably NF, and not necessarily introverted. My money is on ENFP in fact.
Oh, c'mon. This person is a blatant feeler. &gt; I am definitely the intuitive type as well since I am into spiritual woo-woo stuff, consciousness, psychology, philosophy, meditation, hidden realities, multiple dimensions, spirit guides, occult, etc. I also love to think about the big questions in life. Said no fucking INTJ ever short of suffering brain damage. I swear if people would just try to at least as a check-in consider the dichotomies, there wouldn't be so much asinine, egregious mistyping going on by just using ~the functions~. And functions can be used if one knows how to use them, but, well...
&gt; It's all there, you just have to do the research. 1.) If you mention "research" and you're a proponent of the functions and not the dichotomies, you've already put your foot in your mouth. 2.) Yeah, that's pretty much it. edit: And yeah, my preference for the dichotomies (and their combinations) isn't because ~I don't understand the functions~ I actually do, and have been using them for a long time and still can conditionally use them. The dichotomies are still what's actually empirically confirmed by research, and the two frameworks aren't even all that at odds with each other, at least with certain stipulations made. At least checking in with the dichotomies would stop people from making ridiculous 3 letter leaps because "oh, but it's the same functions, it's totally flip of the coin whether you're INTJ or ISFP". In terms of external manifestation, it's really really not.
Well, for one, ENFPs are ambiverts of sorts, this &gt; Although I love goofing around, being the loudest, craziest person when I hang out with my close friends, I am pretty reserved and shy when I meet new people. sounds like a bit of an edge case; distinct introverts aren't really the "loudest, craziest person" often even when with the closest people, but it can fit the sort of a "somewhere in between" that happens often with Ne-doms. The P is also heavily apparent by the dichotomies, and if I were to go into functions, it's very "Fi" but there's this distinct casualness and openness with which you express yourself, it's not really "tightened" and controlled the way text usually is with INFPs. The general tone of text does not carry that "introvert mark of reserve" that it usually heavily does with INFPs, if that makes sense. You also mention a weak sense of identity, and that you tend to change around different people, which is also something relatively peculiar to ENFPs. It sounds vaguely Fe-ish, but it's not really; like you "recalibrate" and temporarily become a different person to yourself which is difficult to explain in functions why it is the way it is, but it's something that ENFPs often can relate to as experiencing. Also, that sort of reactivity in itself suggests a degree of extraversion; introverts are a bit more "rigid" regarding responding to their environment. Like, bottom line if you ask me, definitely xNFP out of a million reasons (not in the least of which is a clear-cut blatant dichotomy case of xNFP, nothing fuzzy about it at all), and the text just doesn't fit how INFPs write. You also still have a certain "external orientation" in how you perceive yourself, like, you're capable of seeing yourself from the outside and sort of commenting from the outside on your thoughts and behavior, and quite realistically and candidly at that, while INFPs are significantly more inwardly focused and lack that ability to a high degree. And there's just a distinct pattern different types have to their expression in the typing posts, from what words they use, how they structure their sentences, what they choose to share, etc, that you get a feel for after a while, and that's also pretty "typical ENFP" in your case in my observation.
Can you tell me a bit about yourself? How old are you? How did you do at school? What sorts of things interest you? How similar or different do you perceive yourself to be in relation to your peers, and why?
I mean, not necessarily. Depends on how "she knows"; like a lot of Ni doms "know" they're that because they've always on some level known the way their brain worked in comparison to most people is peculiar because you just notice many many instances of it, and seeing that phenomenon you already noticed called Ni is just a "Oh, so that thing has a name and isn't a thing that happens to everyone. That would fucking explain a lot." That said, there are a lot of people who "know" as well for other reasons, so...
&gt; I see myself as smarter than all of my friends, with experience because there are very few that can have an intellectual conversation. When you consider how other people think (in comparison to how you think) what would you say are the "lacking qualities"? Like, what is the most common way in which you notice people are wrong? What sort of reasoning do you find poor in other people, or that it tends to annoy you? You can give an example if that feels easier. Also, I understand you're a girl. Do you feel like you more or less satisfy the feminine gender norm, or does it feel a bit "off"; like, that most girls have certain natural mannerisms and manner of expression that you just don't relate to? Or is it a non-issue? How well-adjusted are you socially? &gt; my friend, an INFJ, How did you type him as an INFJ? Did you type him, or otherwise; where did you derive the information he's an INFJ from?
&gt; Your experience of your brain working peculiarly compared to the general population doesn't in any way imply "Ni" though, far more reasonable places to look would be at say mental disorders and what not. I mean, I'm not saying everyone who notices their brain works peculiarly is an Ni dom, but most Ni doms noticeably to themselves fit the bill, and so when they learn of Ni, it just clicks as something they've known about themselves already. And maybe peculiar is a bit too vague of a term; it's not just that it's different, it's specifically in a sense it's a constant "read into shit" mechanism that other people don't have and you notice they don't have it. Like, all I'm arguing for is that it is possible to be an Ni dom and be firmly convinced you're an Ni dom; I'm not saying everyone who thinks has it does have it in any way.
&gt; My mom and sisters are all super girly, and it’s really hard to please them. How do you react to this sort of pressure? Do you want to please them with your appearance/get their approval, and feel dejected if they appear disapproving, or does it breed more anger/annoyance/resentment?
I mean like, I could vaguely fit you into "baby INTJ" based on some of this stuff, like I can't exclude it, but I also don't really read that many positive data toward the whole thing either. Now it's quite possible you're ESL (English isn't your first language?), and that could be masking it somewhat, but there's just this thing where if you read things by Ni-doms, you know you're reading things by Ni-doms, and I'm not necessarily getting that feeling with you. What I'm saying is, if you didn't frame the question in the beginning as "am I an INTJ", I wouldn't necessarily independently come to that idea based on what's presented (and again, the Ni-dom thing is tricky, especially with a language barrier, and you don't have excessive post history that I can snoop in), I'd sooner come to something like ISTP. Now, don't be immediately put off by the idea, ISTPs are also quite conventionally intelligent often, they're Ti-doms and they have Ni as their tertiary function (if you believe in the functions), but they also don't have issue with sensory stuff (INTJs do), and you appear not to. Like, snowboarding, and training to be a pilot? That's some quite advanced S stuff, yet you also do have some affinity clearly for N things, so suggests it's more of a S/N in the second/third slot as opposed to Ni-dom and Se-inferior. I'd honestly say that's possibly a better bet than INTJ.
The point is, one can be "sure" one's an Ni dom, and actually be an Ni dom for all purposes of the discussion (if we don't go down the whole "does Ni dom even objectively exist" rabbithole). What you said is basically that real Ni-doms never come to a definite judgement on it, ergo, people who do aren't Ni doms, ergo OP isn't an Ni-dom. Wow, guess you made me Ti out; my point is that that premise is flawed. She's most likely though still not an Ni dom. Out of curiosity by the way, what you do type as these days?
Well I mean, Schizophrenia is correlated with N anyway, and I guess the distinction I would make (at least functionally, in the sense that it matters) is to which degree does the "read into stuff" reality-test well. Like, if you "read into stuff" and what you read into it often becomes validated by the challenges of reality/other people around yourself, then it's a "healthy", functioning cognitive process, if it fits the objective definition of "paranoid delusion", then I suppose not. Also, not that I'm strongly arguing for it or anything, but just from interacting with you I'd have guessed at least colloquially that you're more of a "Ne user", even function-wise. I mean, you're pretty ignoring of like, "what's a consequence that matters" in discussion, more concentrated on accuracy and technicality, and Ni-doms are more famous for making leaps and cutting corners here and there (both things certainly with both advantages and disadvantages). Though actually, you would have a point of a sort even from my perspective on the whole "I know I'm Ni dom" in certain cases; not in the sense it's impossible to "know" it, but in the sense Ni-doms would generally be able to tell that's insufficient of an argument for other people and could predict that's gonna trigger controversy, and would probably pick better wording (though even that if they were a tad more familiar with the "waters" so to speak, if they knew how things worked around here regarding N skepticism, that Ni is statistically rare and such, which OP doesn't appear to do).
Yup. ENTP sounds about right.
&gt; Right, but the problem being that these people don't reality check well, they are convinced their delusions actually do check out. Clearly "I experience a noticeable difference in cognitive processing from the average person" warrants skepticism, and mental disorders is a far better place to start looking than "Ni". Yeah, but if you are "weird" in a way that actually suggests a mental disorder of sorts, then chances are the people around you noticed and you got hauled off to a psychiatrist and diagnosed with something; if your brain works "weird" in a way it's a "I'm so smaaaht, I have great grades with little effort and other people can't connect things in the way I can" but you are functional in your "weirdness", that's more likely than not a garden variety IN, and then you can go from there and figure out is it "Ne" or "Ni". And even still, you're kinda flipping the necessary and sufficient condition there in relation to what I said; I didn't say most people who have "weird" thought patterns are Ni doms, but most Ni doms certainly notice they have weird thought patterns (in comparison to most people), and they can attribute this to Ni once they learn of it, and they can be right about it. &gt; Rofl, if you'd tried discussing solipsism, moral relativism, nihilism or any other pointless concept that fundamentally removes any meaning from the conversation; you'd know this is hardly an accurate assessment. I have very little patience for ideas that are of no consequence. The scientific method is so valuable because it allows for incremental small advancements. We're not naturally hardwired for rigorous analysis, it is exactly in small inconsistencies our "blindspots" generally present themselves, because we suck at linear processing and constantly overlook things. It doesn't take more than small inconsistencies for entire ideas to fall apart. I don't give a fuck about technicality, I care about coherence and utility. Fair enough. I did say "just from interacting with you I'd have guessed"; like there's this sort of "density" Ni doms typically perceive with NPs, where it's like difficult to lead the conversation in the positive direction because the other person sort of "pulls back" to go into details and flaws of things already said. There certainly can be a difference between not wanting to discuss what are in an obvious way completely superfluous subjects (like, solipsism, I'm pretty sure even most INTPs stopped wanking over that), and like the style of reasoning once you're already discussing something. That said, it's also possible if you have schizophrenic tendencies, that you do naturally have that "jumping to conclusions" tendency to the way you think (whether it's legit "Ni" or not), and so you self-correct and consciously guard yourself to make your thought process more linear and thorough. &gt; We're not naturally hardwired for rigorous analysis, it is exactly in small inconsistencies our "blindspots" generally present themselves, because we suck at linear processing and constantly overlook things. It doesn't take more than small inconsistencies for entire ideas to fall apart. Like, while this is true, giving accent to it kinda goes into NPish waters (whether as a natural tendency, or self-fabricated); the whole "the small errors and inconsistencies add up, so it pays off to be thorough every step of the way" sort of thing. On average, Ni-doms are not that afraid to be "wrong"; we know we can be wrong, we're probably more wrong on average than INTPs in the things we confidently state (but while they might not be technically wrong, there's not much use of being open-ended often so it evens out) we basically work on the basis of "working theory", but we're alright with making certain leaps of faith because it again experimentally on average pays off in the ways that matter to us. While the scientific method is exceedingly valuable and pretty much the golden standard for establishing the The Truth, taking into account the patterns you notice can point you in which direction to look. Like, you first have to notice a trend in order to test for it, and Ni doms in general value their insights, maybe not precisely as the undisputed truth, but as a useful pointer to establishing the truth.
&gt; The skeptical anal retentiveness is an innate trait, by default I look for what's wrong, it's not a conscious self-correcting mechanism. I am naturally scattered and I'm naturally skeptical and prone to question my own and everyone else's bullshit. Things interact in complicated manners, seemingly contradictory traits are find in people all the time. And you don't think in terms of the functions this puts you closest to Ti-Ne? Like, yeah, INs are probably more intellectually scrupulous than non-INs, but within the INs, you have the difference between how INTPs and INTJs think, that you don't have to even call Ne and Ni, but can call NP and NJ (given that you understand what P and J accurately convey there, it basically is the same thing as describing Ne and Ni), and INTJs are less rigorous and more "fluid" that way; like, ask any INTJ whether they sometimes come upon irritatingly pedantic people in the similar field and they'll probably say yes, because that's what happens when INTJs interact with INTPs. &gt; You will see these same kind of arguments from people who are into astrology, or some other wonky religious crap how they are "highly intuitive", how they rely on intuition for making leaps and the validity of it. INTJs make similar "leaps of faith", the difference is they reality-test them with Te, not like with Fe, or however the fuck NFPs think. I mean seriously, have you ever seen say blackalyph type people? You can nitpick her reasoning to hell, she leaves it open to what I affectionately call "INTP pedantry", but it's because it's a different style of reasoning altogether. It's "inductive based on the currently available data", and your thought process (if it's natural the way it is, which you said that it is) is more like the one that naturally aims to punch holes in that sort of reasoning, and that's basically INTP, in dichotomies and functions both.
No problem at all if you're not interested in replying, but I'm just curious; how did you even conclude yourself to be an Ni-dom? Like, what observations and what arguments do you take as valid in that conclusion, what framework; what is Ni-dom to you? Because the general descriptions of "non-linear, non-verbal, subconscious" etc, don't exactly speak to a linear, strict thought process that you appear to foster (and claim is that way naturally, not something you consciously trained). I'm just curious why do you consider "Ni" to meaningfully describe aspects of your cognition, since everything self-described (and to me observed) about it seems to be noticeably dissimilar from what "Ni" is generally thought to convey as a "cognition pattern".
If I'm to understand the implication right, these are your original thoughts and interpretations on the mentioned cognitive functions? &gt; Ni doesn't care all that much about where any specific idea leads, it cares about how it interacts with all the other ideas. The "trajectory" you get from Ni is because the way different sequences of interactions interact with one another is a process of elimination, you're left with less and less probable options the more themes you throw into the picture, a "best drawn line" is naturally created. See, this is funny, I actually sort of disagree with this, and think it's at least in some sense flipped. Ni is inductive, it's not deductive; here it's described as deductive, and actually Ni is very much concerned with "where things lead". I wouldn't even agree that Ni is about how "ideas interact with other ideas", like that sort of bird's eye view on "ideas" and looking at them as they relate to each other as opposed how they relate to you is more descriptive of how extraverted functions work as opposed to introverted. Like all introverted functions, Ni is also in some sense about "what does this mean to me", not "what do these two things mean to each other". It's not as personalized in the concrete sense as Si, and it is more detached than Si simply due to the abstraction to it but it's still personal in the sense that it depends on the accumulation of personal experience.
As a spitball, I'd say Fe is "affective empathy" essentially, or at least heavily linked to it. Te and/or Fi would be linked to "cognitive empathy"/theory of mind (maybe Te even more in some sense).
Go away, Fe-dom bot.
Pregonate?
Yeah, I agree with him. I think you're an INFP precisely. Reread what he linked, and pay attention to the perspective from which it's written. You approach it like "exploring your identity", not as "trying to find rational means of objectively pinpointing my type" as NTs do. You're also blatantly a Fi-dom (i.e. it's apparent you primarily approach life through "how does this emotionally affect me" and not "how can I make logical sense of this"); &gt; This also happens when people are talking to me about something I don’t really care about, I’ll just nod and say things like “that’s cool” at random times. I’m not the best at picking up social queues. For example, once a friend texted me saying he just went parasailing, in a very happy and excited manner, and my response was ok. this is kind of a "social ineptitude" generally IME associated with INFPs; it's less cluelessness (I mean, if you were clueless of certain things, you wouldn't be able to directly give us examples of being clueless about them), and more passive disinterest in others if people don't pierce the "personally relevant to me" bubble. Also, obviously you're "Ne-aux" either way, and this is pretty much "Ne trying to figure out what Fi wants and how to get it", as opposed to Ne figuring out some new avenue of impersonal thought: &gt; Whenever I have a problem related to **myself**, I tend to jump to new ideas and ways that it could be solved that aren’t really very realistic or likely. This often leads to me thinking about **what my ideal life could be like, a life where everything is perfect for me,** where the problem wouldn’t even arise in the first place. Basically, INTPs think for fun about everything and anything, and in a very detached and impersonal matter. Their social awkwardness is more the other way around; they want to be liked, but they don't necessarily understand how they come across to other people nor do they have much of an ability of entertaining "how would I feel in the other person's shoes". Still, even though you can empathize with others, and you have the capacity to understand their perspective, you think about things that primarily revolve around you, and you think of them in terms of their emotional impact (on you), and so you are a Not INFJ At All. Perhaps most notably, basically every sentence of yours in your post deals with your moral judgement; most of the things you state are "I like", "I dislike", "I want", and not "it is", "it makes sense that...." etc. You're treating the typing post as a bit of a diary entry, and while a typing post out of all posts has the potential to read that way, you're clearly very very practiced in thinking about yourself in those terms.
It's simplified (not to mention counter-intuitive), but there are angles where it's quite accurate. I'd say the difference is more, an INFJ cares about you because you feel bad, but they care for nearly everyone when they feel bad. They just don't want people to feel bad, but they also don't necessarily go into *why* someone feels a certain way, and also, the fact they have a broad range of people they naturally empathize with can in some way "cheapen" it when it comes to more personal interactions, especially when you understand they're that way. INTJs don't really give a fuck if a random person feels bad, but if it's someone close to them and someone they care about and someone they understand, they have a good ability to understand things from that person's point of view. If we're close to you, we won't really give the air of "sorry you feel bad, I wish you felt better" that much, but we'll give you the "I understand your circumstances and you're completely justified to feel that way, and I'm gonna help you fix it if I can", and that can occasionally, depending on situations and type go further. Basically, INFJs have affective empathy for a lot of people, INTJs have cognitive empathy, but for very few people (and a surprisingly astute ability to reconstruct and understand another person's internal reality if we care to do it; this really isn't something we're expected to be good at, but we can be). We aren't really that great at dealing with the emotions themselves, but we can understand and want to help you with what caused the emotions in the first place. edit: If I could condense it in ~~one sentence~~^actually ^that's ^two : INFJs care about you because you're a person. INTJs care about you because you're *you*.
I don't think they literally meant "this person, Nyma". They meant people in the similar depth shade category as Nyma. I mean, you can't reasonably make it about a single person, nor should they have done that. &gt; I mean why not make a shade for warm and cool tones? How do you know they hadn't split some of the original shades in mind in two? It will never be enough, there will always be people who slip through the cracks, and there's usually a budget and an outline to go with.
&gt; I don't like tradition, and as a female, I really hate the female gender role (for myself, and not anyone else). Pretty much normal for ISTJ women, tbh. They are Si-doms, but they're also TJs; they aren't stupid enough to think traditional gender roles go in their favor. They're still a bit more "socially compliant" with the outward trappings of it than INTJ women who simply Don't Give a Fuck, but privately feeling like gender roles are a bunch of crap even if you make a Si-type of concession here and there to fit in relatively is like the ISTJ female thing. Source, INTJ woman with an ISTJ mother.
&gt; if some of my friends randomly asks me if I want to go for a coffee I'm ususally up to go (well if I'm not doing something important-like if I have to study ). So revolutionary. /s You probably don't relate to the generic ISFJ descriptions because you're like 20 years old, and most ISFJ archetypes are like "old lady archetypes". Also, ironically, Si-doms tend to misunderstand the term "tradition" as it's used by Ns to describe Si; it doesn't mean you are Amish, it means you're attuned to and feel most comfortable and secure participating in the current tradition and social rituals of the circles in which you spent your formative years. A 20 y/o ISFJ is going to be significantly different from a 40 y/o one, even more than a 20 y/o INFJ will be different than a 40 y/o one, because N functions are less sensitive to specific concrete changes that come with the generic "time and place" context.
You're not an INFJ. INFJs are enormous weirdos and they know they're enormous weirdos, and they at least instinctively understand "Ni" in the sense they always on some level knew there was something off about them, and when they come across it it's like the feeling of Enlightenment basically (actually probably for both INFJs and INTJs). People are just way too liberal throwing the INFJ label around.
Well, I mean the "weird" thing goes for INFPs as well to a degree, they still substantially feel removed and alienated from the "conventional way of life", though in a slightly different way and out of slightly different reasons than INFJs. Tbh, as a general thing, you don't really strike me as an N; like, there really is this language thing where Ns have a tendency to combine words/expressions in a more unusual manner than what is like "established as a stock phrase", and your writing is fairly standardized, which is especially not an INFP thing. I mean, I can't say for sure you're ISFJ from just that post, you could also be an ISFP or something (though, the whole "I'll only go out if I don't have school stuff to do" is like heavily SJ as opposed to SP), and ISFJ certainly seems like a pretty good fit (like, say, I don't see ISFPs as people to be too "yaaay" about the idea of being ISFJ, while being any type is pretty much ego-syntonic, meaning people usually like which type they are and are fine being typed as that absent other influences such as possibly a bad rap being attached to some types, inaccurate stereotypes relating to them, etc). You seem to be comfortable and even happy with the idea you're ISFJ, which means on some level you value the ideals ISFJs in general value, and it just "fits" the way you think and what you see as important, and that's a fairly good suggestion you indeed are that type. But just to tell for sure, do you have a previous, more elaborate typing post to link?
I'd say it's even more on an ST thing (you could see it as functions, but ST seems to cover all types that are likely to go apeshit for like, practically convenient, efficient, cleverly designed stuff). INTJs value efficiency as well, and we can channel that into like, concrete efficiency (in the sense of designing material items that are useful/efficient), but it's not really where our heart lays I'd say, or at least we don't see it as just that. We're more attracted to the concept of it than the concrete end result, even as it can indeed be a good idea with a concrete end result STs can later appreciate in their own way. I wouldn't say it's "just Si" however, perhaps in some sense Si/Te + ISTPs being into it purely for the technical aspect of it, but xSFJs aren't so much into stuff like that from my observations.
I took a look at the post. Everything is fairly standard ISFJ as far as I could tell, really no reason to doubt it too much. I also took a peak at your post history, and I noticed that you are religious. Can I ask how you became exposed to religion? Are your parents or plenty of people in your environment religious?
Yeah, I really think ISFJ is the best fit based on that stuff. You're clearly conscientious (i.e. J) you define yourself a lot over the social dynamics around yourself/how other people may affect you (FJ), you're clearly concretely oriented and responsible in the ways a society usually rates responsibility (i.e. a SJ). Seems fairly clear-cut to me all in all.
How systematic do you subjectively perceive your thought process to be? Do you feel like it's "conclusion first, how I came to it later", where a lot of stuff just sort of "pops out" to you as obviously true, or do you think and think in a methodical way, and then reach the conclusion, which can be pretty far off from where you started, but you trust it because "you trust the process"?
He has Aspergers. Those S like things (especially if you think you saw some Si), are actually linked to it; Aspies are really sticklers for routine and the familiar and get quite jarred by casual deviation in sensory stuff, and not because they're "Si users", it's just a symptom of it.
INTJ. Thought that even before, but yeah. You're an INTJ for sure. Not weird for Aspies at all either.
He's an INTJ. He reports "jumping to conclusions", not methodically building up to them which is The Distinction precisely between Ti-doms and Ni-doms. Also, colloquially, you could have told that even from the post, especially if you're INFJ; INTJs and INTPs are noticeably "different in vibe"; INTPs are very very mild people, more likely to come off a tad awkward but "trying" than broody and serious the way OP does. Basically, whoever said that about warm robots and cold humans was spot on. &gt; I can manipulate others on an intellectual level and I'm extremely sarcastic This especially is not something INTPs do remotely. They're "Je-inf", they don't care to affect other people in that way, and especially not with Te, which is what this is. INTPs are also rarely consciously sarcastic; they sometimes say outlandish shit that other people take for sarcasm, but they're typically dead-serious saying it.
If you have a direct alternative explanation for that behavior, you don't need to explain it with MBTI, you should disregard it because it's not evidence either way, and it's not a meme, it's a real phenomenon. He's obviously an N. I'm all for people stopping being trigger-happy about diagnosing N-ness, but apparently typing INTJs as ISTx is the new fad after the typing ISTx as INTJs fad wore off.
Okay, more precisely, he's obviously Ni dom. &gt; I'm extremely analytical &gt; **I struggle explaining processes in a way most understand.** &gt; I can easily see the faults in a task/idea and like to **improvise** to make it more suitable for myself. &gt; **I tend to make up things as I go along**, even though a plan would be more efficient, I somehow manage to get everything done. And of course, the cherry on top of the cake: https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8uwk8d/am_i_intj_or_intp/e1iqazf/ Everything "sensory" either falls under Te (being annoyed by jammed trafic for example, not very efficient), or it's Aspie stuff. Yet, despite the Aspie stuff, there's still a bit of a "flow" tendency, and just in general, behaviorally he's basically an INTJ stereotype (and the real one).
&gt; **Te is the function that methodically builds up an argument**, but Ti looks at internals. This isn't true. You don't get it because you don't get Te. Your lack of strict methodical thought is because you're Ni dom, not because you're a Ti user. INTPs have exceedingly methodical, controlled and conscious thought processes. &gt; Neither INFJs nor INTJs have such an issue with people invading their space. In fact both INxJ types are paired up with Se dominant types that engage in this kind of behavior to which he is expressing his utmost aversion. He has Aspergers. And INTJs can be like that even besides that. And other people barging in and bothering you is also "Fe disturbance" not just "Se disturbance" if you want to explain it over the functions. I personally loathe it as well.
Most of that is some pseudo-poetical crap that means very little concretely, but still let's see a bit. &gt; "Lets say that you are in a room that has no walls, no floor, and no roof. This room is completely free of conventional rules except for those of your own **choosing**, rules such as gravity for example. In this room, the focus of your attention is an object that **you are dissecting or even expanding upon.** **You don't have to** come into direct contact with the object in order to move it in anyway. However, you **choose** to view the object will allow you to view in this way. You could **choose** to inverse the object in anyway shape or form to **accurately/properly analyze it** from your **desired** perspective." - INTP Do you see what I mean? How much conscious, **chosen** effort is invested in this described way of thinking, and how much that's unlike how Ni-doms function? Can you choose what you perceive, or is it just "there"? OP reports it's just being "there" for him. The bit about Ne does indeed describe perception (i.e. it being effortless, judgement-less), but INTPs aren't Ne doms. They're Ti doms, and Ti is that function you use when you consciously try to conduct logical analysis. Ask any INTP whether they think first or "know" first, and they'll all tell you they *think* first. They're Ji-doms. Not P-doms. They have Ne, and sure, Ne gives them a bit of the uncontrolled perceiving edge, but they're not P doms like you, me and OP. And even if I am somehow wrong about how methodical INTPs are, they still don't reach their conclusions before they conduct their analysis and OP said he functions the other way around.
No. I'm using what I know about Ni dom, because, y'know....
I don't care to argue with you. If you can't see it, I can't help you.
It's the problem with INFJs. I generally like them, and they can be very intelligent, but they don't empirically reason, they only "Ti" it out, and that's disastrous as far as reality-check goes when they do it based on the axioms of a flawed theory. She thinks that since Se-doms are "duals" to INxJs, that means that Se doms are the perfect counterpart to INxJs and that their natural behavior is designed to not annoy them, therefore people annoyed by Se-dom behavior can't be INxJs. It's internally consistent, but it's built on a flawed premise and it ignores empirical observation and common sense altogether. Welcome to Ti world without Te. And Ti can survive without Te, but it needs decent axioms to start from in order for its conclusions to have anything to do with this material world as we know it.
Nah. You just kickstarted your "narcissism" feature that came in your INFP starter pack.
Nah. I did briefly consider that a goooood while back when I just learned of MBTI and had that suggested by someone who knew me (relatively superficially), but in hindsight, it was a ridiculous consideration which I realized as soon as I met another actual INFJ, and also out of fairly obvious reasons.
&gt; I see INTJ do this too, but the impression I get is a level of sarcasm, as if they are trying to encourage the INFx to act on their Te more than an air of wanting to be superior. We have this issue where pretty much everything we say makes us sound like we're trying to come off "superior"; it's the "observational nature of Ni" basically. We don't state things we think as judgements but as observations and it has the potential to come off really weird and condescending because it's generally accepted that "observations" are something commonly apparent that you can point to, and that the language implying something just "is" there, or just "is" that way should be reserved for commonly apparent stuff, but that obviously doesn't work out with Ni. Like, Ni is really fucky that way, because it's a perceiving function, but most of its output seems like "judgements" which trips people off and they're like "reasoning???". INFJs are obviously Ni-doms too, but they do the "matter of fact" Ni thing less out loud, because of Fe; like, they know what sort of reaction they get when they just "state" things like that. Anyway, this pretty much went into digression.
You're not gonna attract any refreshing helpful takes on the subject, you're just gonna create a whole lot of controversy as people some people argue for nature (and this, whether it really is nature in part or not, usually suggests less effort invested in thinking about the subject, because it's an "easy fix" of an explanation with some evo-psych junk), other argue for nurture, then the nurture people get pissed off and depressed with the "nature" argument because it makes it seem like a permanent rift and like it's merely talking about it propagates a dangerous social effect in case it's nurture because it promotes harmful stereotypes, etc. As a general rule, most things are probably both nature and nurture to a degree. I personally do think nurture has a lot to do with it, and also I think some mistyping helps, because since the gender norm for women is F, that means that T women live in a world where acting "F" can be beneficial for them and so they learn how to do it. Most T women I met had a mild "false F" mode to them because they had to have it; counter-intuitively, they had to have it for dealing with other women more than with men, because it's just so "out of norm" to act certain T ways in "female circles". I also think men get underdiagnosed with F; most mistypes besides the N and S (and the INFJ issue) are male Fs typing as Ts with everything else fixed; so ISFPs typing as ISTPs, INFPs typing as INTPs, etc. Essentially, because of gender norms and differing cultural standards, you can have some question on the test like "how good are you at comforting people"? and for an ISTJ woman to report doing it better than an INFP man, because of exposure to social expectations and mere "practice" of it.
&gt; Cynical ENFP Okay, so are you sure you're not an INFP? I mean this sounds like a joke, but not really. Your text does not read Ne-dom to me remotely, FWIW; it's tightened, measured, well-paced and "introverty". Extraverts (and especially Ne doms) have a tendency to speak or write "as they think" (though this is also mildly true for Ni doms in a sense as well), not first think of what they want to say, then pack it up into a carefully chosen fitting expression, and you do that second thing. And INFPs do still have a "goofy" side to them, they can let their Ne out and be quite enjoyable and entertaining to others if they're in a mood to be as such; this pretty much sounds exactly like that: &gt; I'm obviously capable of being goofy and personable and etc. but I'm really not like that the majority of the time. I don't understand the stereotype of the bubbly, vapid ENFP who flits from person to person giggling and barfing rainbows.
I'm not saying there's no nature to it. But the little nature to it that there might be propagates a stronger cultural effect than that there may need to exist. I mean, history is full of the belief that "women are simply wired to not do X" and then you change the social conditions and women end up uncontroversially doing X. Culture is a powerful influence basically. edit: And yeah, I don't necessarily think "Agreeableness" completely accompases what I'd see as the "F" dimension; I think they're highly correlated, but I don't think they're one and the same. IME many clearly observably "F" people (i.e. people who function on the basis of values primarily) weren't particularly "agreeable" necessarily and judging whether they're T or F over how empathetic or nurturing they may be would be an utter fail. My ISTJ mother squeals when she sees a cute baby. She's still an ISTJ.
I mean, it's not that I disagree with you, I do agree there's some nature stuff involved. I suppose we disagree about what's the predominant influence in it. There's no real reliable way to separate out nature and nurture in practice and say what is the result of which. You know that. What jobs women choose could partially be influenced by nature, but you still can't tell for sure what would happen if those women grew up in a different social climate with different social norms. "Women don't choose to do this" is meaningless unless you can exactly pinpoint why. Women are in no way inherently deficient in mathematics, logical reasoning, etc, yet you still have less women in IT. You could say "well, women don't like IT" but you're ignoring the hostile climate that makes women not drawn to IT out of different reasons.
&gt; Every culture and every environment on earth cannot possibly be exactly the same for women, the variance allows you to account for some environmental factors. You don't think they're all skewed in the sense that women were materially oppressed in all those societies and basically forcefully relegated to the role of caretaker, which pretty much universally happened due to weaker physical disposition than men, and thus being more vulnerable to violence?
I'm a female INTJ (attracted to both men and women). As the top tier for dating, I like female NTs and male NFs (the T-F tends to be better balanced when it's "atypical" for one's sex; that's why, and the N, especially NJ if it so happens is great for good communication). The exception female Fs I like are INFJs, ENFPs (duh) and ISFPs, and even, yes, I'm saying it, the rare female INFP who wasn't spoiled growing up and has a good degree of "artificial conscientiousness". Another thing: Fe specifically is *the* function that manifests completely differently in men and women (because it's the "play by society's rules" function more or less, and the "society's rules" are vastly different when it comes to men and women). With that considered, I tend to dislike FJ women, because they tend to be the embodiment of all the negative feminine stereotypes (the EFJs most obviously, but it's there for all of them to a degree): being fake, superficial, caring more about how they seem to others than what they actually are, overly concerned with other people's business, etc. (INFJs are a notable exception to this, because they're NJs far more than they're FJs, no matter the sex), while for FJ men, I'll still be sort of like "this is interesting; let's see". Still, I think I'd end up avoiding xSFJs of both sexes, even as I would possibly find the men more interesting superficially (because they're rarer), but the Si heavily influences it also, and Si + Fe in combination just *kills me*. Hell, when I've gotten this far with it, might as well structure it. Some of it might not completely match the stated "rules", because it's an interplay of various factors and I probably can't even name them all for myself, but if you care ask, maybe I can specifically come up with an explanation for that case. Type | M | F ---|---|---- INTJ | no| very yes ENTJ | no| very yes INTP | I'll just be| friends with both ENTP | no| yes INFJ | hell yes| yes ENFJ | yes | hell no ENFP | yes | yes INFP | maaaaybe if | specifically specific yes ISTJ | yes | very yes ESTJ | no | maybe yes ISTP | no | yes ESTP | no | yes, but let's face it, probably gonna be a one night stand ISFJ | no, but I could be fooled into considering | no ESFJ | hell | no ESFP | not really | though they're hot ISFP | maybe | yes
How does that movie/book tie in with what you're saying, out of curiosity? I'm not sure what event/character you're specifically referring to.
Yeah. I suppose the best way to explain it is that for S types, they are likely to be "socially conventional" in their understanding of gender roles etc, which doesn't jive well with how I am as a person, or what I expect from a SO, which would especially be an issue with a male partner. A similar thing would also go for T to a degree. Say, why I'd be open to dating a female ENTx, but not really a male one: I find T women and T men tend to develop their F in different ways (not necessarily in terms of quantity, but in terms of substance), and it's just more "agreeable" when it's reminiscent of one's own take on F things (which specifically for NT women is quite endemic, because they're a niche in a niche almost, and tend to have pretty specific life experiences that shape their view of the world morals-wise). I mean, in general the whole "being agreeable" thing: everyone is agreeable to themselves and non-agreeable people are more likely to be agreeable to those more similar to them. I also am in general, regardless of type, generally more frequently attracted to women, so that may also play a part in it.
&gt; I wonder if INTJ women are more likely to have fluid sexuality. Empirically, that has been my experience, yes (though nitpicking, I wouldn't say "fluid" as much as I'd straight up say "closer to the gay side"). As to what causes the apparent empirical correlation, for one, I believe sexuality is a spectrum, and that most people actually are at least a little sliver bisexual (though there are extremes to the spectrum too, and I personally hate people who use the spectrum thing to slippery-slope specifically strictly gay people into not existing -- borderline irrelevant tangent, but it's a thing). Second, with the first given, I believe most people (sensors in particular, doubly so if SF) would be quite averse to "exploring their sexuality" if it's something like "95% heterosexual, sorta liked one girl once" thing, because of social inertia, and would just consider themselves straight and get on with their life without thinking about it twice. Ns and Ts and especially NTs just don't give enough fucks about the social norm as to be biased into highlighting their "hetero side", and are simply more likely to both recognize and actually act on their bisexuality, which gives the illusion NT women are somewhat more likely to be "non-straight". Another thing. NT women and actually specifically NTJ women are more often than not significantly gender non-conforming, at least mentally, and often physically, in terms of style, demeanor etc. as well. This means they're actually sending off the "queer" signals more than straight signals, and might just "read" as closer to gay than a flowery xSFJ girl would be, even if they were about in the same spot on the sexual orientation spectrum. This would affect how both sexes treat the person also, if potentially attracted to them, which could result in a higher probability of entering a gay relationship than otherwise.
So, people who lack the exact same high level of scrupulosity as you are stupid? Nah, they just can't be bothered. I know certain people do certain things (so I'm not uninformed either). For a lot of those, I often simply cannot muster a fuck to give. Call me a "not an ethical consumer"; I have zero issues with that. The whole entire "ethical consumer" thing is just not my cup of tea in the first place (and it's not for many many people, it doesn't get on their radar really); this sub (and not even the entire sub; vocal posters actually) is more or less an isolated bubble in respect to those issues. Bottomline is, people being obsessed with having their every step in life morally sterilized are kinda who is the minority and the extreme here, so don't try to present your take on this stuff as something reasonably generally expected of everyone. I know it can be really really difficult for some people to grasp other people just don't react to certain things, because they're in a viscerally charged mode 24/7 and obsess over the moral implications of everything they ever do, but most of the world isn't actually like that. To most people, it's a simple as drinking from a straw or buying the eyeliner that works for you or taking a walk without agonizing over the insects one probably stepped on. You can have a deeper take and interest in the "behind the scenes", but all that does is make *you* have an interest in that; it doesn't give you a pass to feel superior to other people.
It's not lying if she simply put the pictures of herself she thought she looked good in, without significant editing, even if there are pictures that were taken in a way they are more flattering. For example, having a slimmer face than would be expected for your body size and mostly putting up pictures of your face on your dating profile, in addition to a couple full body ones where you're wearing dark clothing (just as an example) isn't lying, because she's not actually obligated to reveal more than she wants to reveal about herself, even physically. She didn't lie, he just assumed she was skinny, and basically got catfished by his own expectations. To say she lied is to put the onus on her to put giant "I'M FAT" disclaimers around herself, as opposed to the burden of expectation actually being on the person who is making an unfounded expectation. From what it sounds like, he didn't have much reason to assume she's fat, but he didn't have a reason to presume she's skinny either. The "she lied" only works if you assume being fat is something she's obligated to explicitly disclose, differently from how it would be for a skinny girl. No one would say "you're lying" to a skinny girl who posted only headshots if the rest of her body was "as expected". But the "as expected" is fully on the person who has the expectations.
YTA, in particular because you say that to you it's not about the experience watching it together being diminished (this would be understandable), but about wanting her to ask for your permission before she does it. If someone were upset about this for the "right" reasons, they wouldn't be alright with the scenario where their SO asks but still does it. You just want to control her as punishment for doing something you find disagreeable.
YTA, though not the way you think (and maybe "pushover" is better than "asshole" as a qualifier anyway). Actually, your girlfriend is the main asshole here; your assholery hinges on validating and enabling her own. You did your friends dirty, your only two close friends that you've known from before you knew your girlfriend, because you're conflict-averse and it was easier than confronting your gf and saying "Look. What you want me to do is unreasonable. They are my best friends, hell, my only friends, that were there for me before you were even in the picture, and I'm sorry, I won't be made into cutting them out of my life to validate your paranoia". The thing is, the only cause your gf has for being jealous is their sex; literally, the only thing bothering her is that they're female. She later got an additional excuse when you decided to superficially validate that by hiding you still had a relationship with your friends, but she still did not naturally have a leg to stand on for the initial thing that set the whole thing off. That's her issue and her cross to bear (that she's one of those morons who think a man and a woman can't be friends without trying to get in each other's pants), and you were an asshole to your friends by validating her bullshit. Honestly, if I were one of your friends, I'd consider you an asshole. Because your prioritizing sucks. Usually, if two parties are in conflict with each other over something relating back to you, you pick the party that doesn't ask you to do the picking in the first place. In your place, with the info given, I'd dump the girlfriend and profusely, sincerely apologize to my friends, and beg for them to take me back, but that's just me.
If she's reading into things that aren't there, that's her problem. By asking OP to leave his only two close friends to validate her paranoia, she's the one who crosses into asshole territory. There's not much wrong with privately feeling insecure sometimes; what there are massive amounts of wrong with is making that other people's cross to bear and making your SO lose their friends because of your irrational bullshit. GF needs to come to her senses and apologize to both OP and possibly his friends, or she should get canned. In other news, god help the poor fucker that tries to make me choose between them and my friends unless there's a valid reason for it and we've been in a relationship that exceeds the friendship in closeness and seriousness (and no, sexual relationships do not by default cross into that territory).
If you're 42 and don't understand "middle-aged" objectively describes you, I think you have bigger problems than just being middle-aged.
YTA. &gt; about 10 months ago at grief counseling You can't tell YTA here? He has a six year-old daughter with his late wife. That means they've most probably at least been together for 6 years, if not for quite a bit longer than that, and most probably made a sane, active choice to be each other's spouse. You're some rando he met a few months ago, and situationally connected with, and then made the brilliant, clearly "in his right mind" choice to marry you. I suspect the thorn up your ass is that you realize he might not still be in the right state of mind from it all, and will wake up one day and think "wtf did I do" in respect to your marriage, and honestly, I suspect something like this is around the corner as well. A couple of thoughts re: the general situation. For one, the entire story of how you met and how you quickly got married screams you taking advantage of him in grief. Now you can say "but we were both grieving!!!", but no. The marriage did not directly relate to what you were grieving (child loss). It did directly relate to what he's grieving. Do you understand he basically did that thing where once your pet dies, you're advised to get a new pet to keep yourself occupied again, with the same pet-related routine, so the lack of routine doesn't keep you dwelling on the loss of the previous pet? That's what happened here, only it's a terrible idea because he married a replacement person, instead of gotten a replacement pet. As for you, congrats, you married a man in a very vulnerable time of his life and you apparently felt zero guilt or requirement to take things more slowly, given the obvious circumstances. This is the first thing that makes you an asshole. TBH, this marriage is busted. I'm not sure it even meaningfully exists, but yeah.
I am so sorry for your loss. Just don't impulsively marry an asshole like OP as part of your grief-processing (bad joke? sorry), and take it one day at a time.
&gt; 1 year is normal grief, so he is just about at the cusp of becoming pathological in his grieving This is not true at all, or at the very least, it's highly circumstantial. People go on to grieve their late friends and spouses for a lifetime; many don't even restart dating for years, and it's quite commonplace and understandable. I'd argue jumping into a new marriage not even a year after the fact is much more of a dangerous coping response.
&gt; She screamed at me into the phone that I must have been "abused as a child" and that I was "psychotic." Projection much? Sounds like a cliche of a certain specific mental issue. I'm glad it's an "ex". You probably already know this, but her behavior was not remotely normative; it's something you actually get a diagnosis pinned on you for if it's severe and compromising enough.
There's a lot to suggest that, beginning with a very wide, telling window into OP's personality itself. She is not interested in honoring or even having enough grace to pretend to honor the memory of the late wife/mother; how the hell do you think that ambient is actually positive for the daughter? She's clearly jealous as hell of the old life her husband had, and would like nothing better than if she could permanently delete it, and you don't see how this may have adverse effects on the child? And even if OP was a decent enough person to understand her place in this situation (in respect to the house and the daughter), and to honor it, this is still not a remotely easy situation for a child. Having your father remarry not even a year after your mother's death tells you your mother was replaceable; hell, your father being more interested in fucking some new thing than in dedicating time and attention to you and helping you heal together will do that by itself. I have sympathy for the husband as well, and I suspect he probably did all he did in an attempt to avoid his grief, but he will wake up one day and realize he fucked up royally.
I mean, not that I can diagnose someone second-hand based on one account and over the internet (I'm merely saying that's what it reminds me of). If you're curious what I mean, look into what's BPD.
&gt; and we're trying to keep him out of prison Lmao lol why. Everyone, included his more distant and direct environment will be better off without him. You say all these things about him, yet you still care about what happens to him? He's a sociopath.
&gt; Putting him back up for adoption will only make the attachment disorder worse. So what? Stuff like this is not only about him anymore. He's 6 years old and he already attempts (and succeeds) at flat out abusing OP who is a grown woman, as well as shows other antisocial behavior towards girls his own age, yet you think his well-being is the be-all-end-all of the consideration? He's six years old. What's gonna happen when he grows up? Just because OP signed up for adoption, it doesn't mean she meaningfully consented to raising a sociopath. Even if it were her biological child, I'd encourage the parents to give up care if he already crosses certain lines (if it were logistically possible). It sucks, but OP and her husband shouldn't ruin (and flat out risk) their lives to honor their commitment to adopt.
NTA. Idk what the people in the comment section are smoking. It's preposterous that people are telling you you're an asshole for not wanting to watch someone whom you do not feel intimately close to giving birth. You consented to a relationship with a grown man with grown children. You did *not* automatically adopt a grown woman by doing that. If she were a minor, it would be different, but close adult relationships are completely voluntary on both parts. You have no legal, social or otherwise obligation to spend more time with her than for the times which are sort of like "the guy is there, and both of you are there because of your relationship to him", and you've been kind enough by taking the time to spend some bonding time with her so far already. I'd suggest trying to have a gentle but firm talk to her about this. Tell her you understand that she sees a mother figure in you, but that you're not really interested in parenting of any kind, but would instead like if you could be in a sort of a friend/mentor role in respect to her.
As a non-hairdresser, YTA for the way you treat your "low priority" clients. If you don't feel like taking them on, then simply don't schedule appointments for them. But if you do take them on and schedule their appointments, then you have a professional obligation to hold yourself to a certain standard of conduct. Doing side stuff like texting or getting distracted by random shit while working on a client is completely assholic and unprofessional behavior. I bet your client's "low maintenance" haircut doesn't bother you when they pay for it and leave you a tip. You don't get to take people's money for a service and then provide a subpar service with the excuse that "they're a low priority client". And cut the crap with the ~artist~ shit. You're providing a service to clients. The job is not primarily about you doing the projects that you enjoy doing, and if you want to make it that way, then just don't book with clients who don't have more interesting demands.
NTA. Does this sub have a sort of a handle for "the other person is the asshole"?
I think whether one is an asshole or not depends on the responses of the other person as well. Like yeah, in general walking away without a word is rude, but when you've been so transparently treated in the most shit way possible as a customer (she did literally nothing right, and it's not an honest mistake sort of thing; like, who the fuck thinks that is "thin slices"). She was lowkey scamming OP, really, or at least trying to, out of petty disinterest in her job, and zero conscientiousness.
I mean, I think the average person that has ever bought sliced meat understands what "thin slices" means; hell, anyone who ever had any kind of meat on their sandwich knows a slice is 1-2 mm max. You don't need special training to know what a slice is. It seems more like she simply didn't give a fuck, and underestimated how much attention OP was paying to the process.
Yeah. At the place I get my slices, I say "thin slices" in order to get normal slices. If you don't specifically say that, you end up with slices that look like a 6 y/o did them.
While I think this is in essence noble, I'd like to add certain points. 1.) This sub is not inherently in content related to social justice. It's related to social justice in the way everything is related to social justice, and in the opinion of social justice, that's....everything. But, considering this sub does not inherently involve that, I think it's a bit overbearing to demand and coerce all posters to examine everything from a SJ lens if they don't want to. 2.) This is basically to support point 1, but I just want to demonstrate it further. This sub has no more to do with racism than gaming, or cooking or watching movies does. Yet, if you go into a gaming community or a community discussing movies, you will not see "educate yourself about racism" every other second. This sub is quite unusual and specific in that regard. It appears as if it was first established by a group of people that were fervent SJ proponents, and that's the initial tone that was set to it, but then as more people joined, the commitment to the cause got diluted because the average person caring about makeup videos isn't necessarily an aspiring activist. Just some points to consider.
iI have no issue with people speaking out on whatever bothers them. But I'd also like the freedom to have my own opinion and (lack of) response to that, so. And I don't think "schooling" is the problem here; most of it already comes pretty close to beating a dead horse, and I'm sure the great majority of people "get it". They just aren't personally as emotionally compelled about it. I don't want to prohibit people from talking about racism if they think it's a relevant subject in the situation. But you can't make the people who don't care about that conversation care. edit: It's also worth it to discuss what specifically would be considered "racist behavior" in this sub. There's a difference between being personally racist, and not really being compelled into witch-hunting other people who are. Keeping your doorstep tidy is not the same thing as going around trying to clean someone else's; one takes a significant amount of excess energy. I'm just kinda neutral on it; I think racism is a bad thing (clearly), but actively fighting it if I see it in others is not my hill to die on. I reserve the right to direct and invest my emotional labor and moral outrage where I deem fit, and out of various reasons, it's not really my thing (I don't live in the US, for one). More to the point, I loathe J* for example (for a myriad of reasons that don't necessarily have to do with why other people dislike him, but still), and I wrote comments here about the hypocrisy regarding him given the incessant anti-racist virtue signalling otherwise. Still, I don't think it's right that people who want to discuss him in a neutral or positive light are being witch-hunted. It seems like some people want the sub rules to change so that someone wanting to talk positively about J* (or someone else along the same lines) would get banned for that. I strongly object to that, and I do object to dogpiling on the people who try to say remotely positive things about ~controversial~ people (but again, downvotes cannot be controlled).
&gt; When is talking about racism ok with you? Just asking so I can pencil it into my schedule. Whenever you'd like. Just don't attack people if they try to discuss people you deem "cancelled" in a more neutral light. Also, I made an edit to the previous comment (pointing out if you didn't see, if you care).
I get it, I just disagree. &gt; People hate in J* and those who like him because for us his behaviour is inexcusable, he’s a known racist. **So those who still follow him and like him, are giving him and other racists like him a pass and that is also not acceptable.** I suppose that's where we philosophically part ways. I accept it's my moral responsibility not to harm innocent people based on arbitrary neutral parametres they cannot control (so I personally do my best not to foster what is often meant by "bigoted beliefs"). I do not accept it's my moral responsibility to make it my part time job to coerce other people into being less bigoted. And yes, you could argue that I'm in this sense in a better position, since I'm not personally affected by it, but hell, just the way the cookie crumbles. For reference and analogy, as a woman, I expect men I meaningfully engage with to not be personally sexist, either in behavior or opinion. I do not expect from them to go around and try to evangelize other men out of their own sexist views. That would go into the realms of activism, and I think it's plain out unrealistic to expect the average person to expel that much emotional effort for every moral cause ever presented to them.
&gt; don’t support racists Well, that's the thing. What's support? Watching J* videos? Making posts about him here? Talking about his palettes? I assume the answer to these is "yes". If that's the case, I still think that's an unreasonable expectation. Maybe some people really enjoy his content; it brings joy and substance to their life. Maybe some people really like certain makeup products of his, and they want to discuss new releases by him (a reminder again: I personally hate J*, so not exactly a horse in the race here). You want active effort by these people to give up something they personally enjoy for a moral cause that doesn't personally impact them, but impacts you. You can ask for that, but it doesn't mean you're gonna get it. And it doesn't mean the sub-wide rules should ostracize those people over that.
I'm tired of sexism too. And I'm perpetually frustrated by this sub for relentlessly endorsing things I see as sexist, starting with disproportionate gushing over male BGs and drag queens, being completely uncritical of plastic surgery, while they have lots of opinions on skin bleaching, or completely refusing to consider social pressures when it comes to beauty standards because ~that's her personal choice~. Where's the structural, institutional analysis of that? I still don't go around and personally harass individuals that I see saying such stuff, or supporting people who say such things, even if I see those opinions as asinine.
Can you explain how it's a false equivalence? You're a PoC (I presume; I think you implied it too). You're bothered by people not "calling out" or appearing to endorse things you perceive as harmful to PoC. I'm a woman, and I'm bothered by people endorsing things I see as harmful to women. I'm just saying I don't personally harass individuals over the difference in opinion there, so I expect the same courtesy back. We can both just care about what we care about, not expect the other person's equivalent emotional involvement, and call it a day. Where is the false equivalence?
I'm doing it as an analogy thing. To show that when I'm personally involved, I invoke the same standard, and that it's not just a matter of "it doesn't affect you, so you can afford to be an asshole about it". Even when it does affect me, I try to stick to the same principle. That's my moral standard, even for when something personally concerns me. That's my point.
YTA sorta maybe, but with a caveat. She's an alcoholic. If she were a "regular" person that enjoyed alcohol recreationally and then just decided "hey, I drive well drunk", they would definitely be the asshole, but alcoholism (and addiction in general), is a legitimate mental illness. I'm not saying that makes it okay or less dangerous that she drove around drunk, I'm just saying that makes the capacities of her "best judgement" or her ability to stick to it reduced compared to a person who isn't an alcoholic, and thus makes her at least somewhat deserving of sympathy (IMO).
That's not how mental illness works, and it's not actually an accurate working model of alcoholism. Most people don't become alcoholics because they just can't quit their party animal hedonism; they very often begin by using alcohol "medicinally" (often in attempt of alleviation of significant mental distress that would fall under another illness, like anxiety or depression). Then they develop tolerance over time, causing them to drink more and more for the same effect (which is still not "yaaay drunk", but "my original negative symptoms are reduced", or "I'm avoiding withdrawal"), which means they've become addicted. Addiction is a mental illness, and coming into a situation where you become an addict in the first place is often also prompted by mental illness. Instead of bleating about how addiction is a choice, maybe you should argue for better and more accessible mental health services.
The issue is that more severe alcoholics come to the point where they need to have at least some level of alcohol in their system maintained at all times, otherwise they develop tremors and general withdrawal symptoms. There's no such thing as being a severe alcoholic and being able to just "take a break" once you need to drive somewhere. And people need to drive around to live. What should have happened here is that the woman should have been apprehended the first time this happened, her alcoholism discovered, and she should have been sent into rehab. Just letting her go and telling her "don't drink and drive" is like telling her "don't live and drive".
I'm just saying she's mentally ill, and it's not as simple as saying she chose to be and act that way, and could have just as easily chosen otherwise. She needed external help. Someone having an epileptic seizure driving could also kill someone, and it could also be that they were irresponsible managing their illness, and that's more similar to this than to the generic DUI. I'm not saying there's absolutely nothing objectionable about what she did. But it's not really the same scenario as when a non-addicted person decides "ehh, I didn't drink *that* much, buckle up".
&gt; she told me that's what medicaid is for is to have insurance and "my babies are smart I ain't gotta save for college" well you have a 1 1/2 year old and 3 month old so .. your banking alot on scholarships.. With genetics having an effect on that sort of thing....nah. And by that I mean NTA.
Weed is still a psychoactive substance and should be consumed responsibly. There's an entire world of nuance between "weed should be an illegal drug" and "weed is literally as harmless as air; there's no overdoing it", so I'm not sure how it often happens that if you proclaim you're not on the one extreme, you're presumed to be on the other. Weed shouldn't be illegal. It's still a substance that does something, and has both long term and short-term effects on the brain (especially when continuously consumed). It's possible for people to not like being around stoners, but to also be pro-legalizing weed. I'm in that spot: I don't like how weed makes me feel, I don't like how weed makes other people act, so I just avoid both scenarios. That's not bigotry against potheads or anything. It's alright for OP to not like being around her sisters, whether they're stoned or not. Hell, she specifically said she likes one better when she *is* stoned.
&gt; and we spend 90% of our time together I think that's the kicker with the texting; I wondered about it even before you mentioned it. He might not really enjoy texting during the day with you for its own sake if he knows you two will meet and talk in person anyway. He might be more open to texting his friends if he sees them more rarely, so that's the most convenient avenue of communication with them.
YTA, because you clearly latched onto this fairly minor detail to berate his ability to reason when it comes to practicalities of life (and it wasn't that terrible of a nonsense choice by him; he just got unlucky with who drove him back), and the reason you feel the need to do that is because he's more "book smart" than you, so you have either conscious or subconscious inferiority issues. So try to work on that instead. If he's an asshole that condescendingly speaks down to you, then that's him being an asshole, but you also shouldn't hold a grudge against him if he's well-informed or quick in reasoning on his feet.
So I mean, you were upset that you were being treated like a child, so you threw a toddler tantrum over it? K. There's a reason pretty much every approach to therapy reads as patronizing. It's telling you you don't actually know how to "person", and you should be taught it by other people who get it better, and that isn't pleasant to accept as true (and it's less and less possible the more someone has narcissist components to their personality, which is why narcissists are notoriously unresponsive to treatment). But hell, if you were doing so well on your own before, how'd you end up in a DBT group?
Yeah. Gaslighting isn't just telling someone there's an elephant in the room when it isn't there, it can also be trying to sell them an unreasonable moral narrative (i.e. you were an asshole for doing this completely normal and acceptable thing). Sometimes people also unintentionally gaslight (people with NPD and BPD do this a lot), if they happen to have disproportionate and inappropriate reactions to things and they're the primary person someone else comes to for validation, so that other person creates a completely off image of themselves as someone inconsiderate and flawed when the other person is who is off.
Yeah, but neurotypicals have a better sense of their identity, so they're better at telling apart "me" and "not me", and some insults simply wouldn't touch them if they found they were in no way grounded in reality (say, if you told someone who knows they're conventionally smart that they're stupid, or if you told a noticeably skinny person that they're fat, etc). I think people with BPD just hear "you are bad", when "you are [bad thing]" is said, and then that brings out the whole host of issues of the inherently low self-esteem and no internalized self-worth. Most neurotypical people already have a pretty realistic, reliable idea of which things they're good at, and which things they're bad at (and they can see both in a balanced fashion, because no black-and-white thinking), and you can really only insult them if you point out something they're bad at, but that they'd really like to get better at and improve, or they otherwise feel self-loathing about (i.e. telling a person who really hates being fat "you're fat" will be worse than telling that to a person who made their peace with that and embraced it as something that they are). But just saying "you are [bad thing]" is pretty much meaningless if the person can see that is in no way a realistic assessment of them, but for people with BPD that's hard because they don't have an internalized sense of identity so they can't tell what they are and what they're not, and nearly every insult results in "oh my god, could I really be that, and everyone else is just being quiet about it but they all think it???".
I don't, just did some funny poses in the mirror bending over (I'd get ya a picture but don't have a phone or camera rn), but I am quite skinny. Anyone "normal" or anything over slightly overweight will have it, but still, if someone is used to thinking "skinny" is "normal", then I see how they could think that means someone is pregnant. If I had a belly fold like that, the people who know what I normally look like would justifiably consider that (though not that that's true of every woman, and not that it's anyone's place to ask or imply that).
&gt; Yes, and this is the problem. Animal rights should be about protecting all animals from harm, not just protecting a select few that we choose to prioritise. Again, the human equivalent would be denying certain rights to other ethnic groups. &gt; &gt; I mean, this relies on the vegan position, and since we're in a "debate veganism" sub, it's unreasonable to expect that everyone here starts from the same axioms. Here's the thing with pets (and out of all the vegan arguments, the supposed "hypocrisy" regarding pets was always one I considered weak (even as I found some other arguments compelling). The thing with why dogs and cats are commonly protected under the law isn't for their own sake, but for the value they represent to humans. Yes, that's not remotely vegan, but from a non-vegan position, it's still not hypocritical. From that position, animals aren't inherently entitled to certain protections, but because of the *special status and relation to humans*, some pets are. It's not because people believe these pets are somehow objectively special or better than other animals, it's because of subjective human attachment to pets.
&gt; **And I'll get afraid, that they will leave me if I don't change how they think** It becomes really, really hard to drop the conversation unless I can ...explain my perspective, at least. &gt; &gt; Well, that's the thing; that's the BPD part. I suspect people with BPD are even more distressed by the thought *that* *other people think that about them*, than that they really objectively are a certain thing. The fear of abandonment does tie into that. The average neurotypical person would probably be like "if they think I'm stupid, their loss" and would also often understand it's just a fleeting remark (even as it would be considered very rude to say such things to one's SO), but someone with BPD is afraid of abandonment and they would find it imperative to change the other person's view of them, because they want other people to have a positive perspective on them, since that makes abandonment less likely.
He's not "a very specific type of person". Vegans are. His position is quite commonplace and generic. It's the vegan position that is still exotic, going by the numbers.
Yep. And there are people also who are completely okay being single (I'm one of them), to the point it's really really not an issue to wait for someone you are genuinely attracted to, and compatible with, because you're not just frantically running around like a headless chicken, looking to fill a slot. Which is funnily enough how I imagine many single moms approaching it. Like, I (and any sane person, I'd almost argue) would rather be single than in an uninspiring relationship 10/10. People who hate being alone and just want to cast whomever is half-fitting into the role creep me out.
Yup. Asking me to babysit for 3 hours == me trying to get out of it by any means I can. Asking me to babysit for the next 15 years? Byyyyeeeee.
&gt; If the kid lives with the other parent That's a big if. If yes, then there are still weekend visitations, birthday parties, and you jumping in to babysit in any emergency, including permanently taking responsibility if the other parent dies or the custody arrangement changes. If no, then well, you're gonna get caught up in the kid's immediate everyday life, such as having breakfast with them, sometimes driving them to school, having to deal with naptime, etc. etc. If you live in the same house as a kid, you're gonna be a permanent babysitter, because it won't work out if everytime the kid lets out a voice, you say to your partner "don't look at me; you made it". Having someone unenthusiastic about spending time with kids permanently live with one just seems like a recipe for everyone to be miserable, tbh.
This is why BPD is associated with emotional abuse, btw.
Your pain is on you, not on them. Chances are that neurotypical people would not respond as strongly to many things a person with BPD does, and thus your "retaliation" seems out of place, disproportionate and scary to the average person. In general, in the adult, mentally healthy world, everyone's responsible for their own emotions, especially when those emotions are "unusual". If someone hurts your emotions on accident, because you have specific to you emotional needs, and you set out to equally hurt them *on purpose*, you're the bad person in the equation.
No, that's not what it sounds like. Traditionally, people with BPD have issues with cognitive empathy (understanding how neurotypical people internally function, typically with egocentrism contributing to the faulty assessment), and I can tell you almost for certain people don't really make conspiracies to mess with one "just because", and even if they did, there would have to be some reason behind it. What possible reason could a random guy OP likes and his sister have to expend energy on messing with her? Average people have better things to do with their time. She overreacted, overstepped some implicit social contract boundaries; now they're probably trying to stay away. The simplest and most straightforward explanation is usually the one that's right.
It's not that hard, but it's still not what the average person would feel compelled to do. In general, there are certain implicit social rules that people just stick to by inertia, without even thinking about it, and other people get accustomed to, again without necessarily thinking about it. A part of being mentally healthy and adjusted is just sort of implicitly, naturally having a "map" for these behaviors and sticking to them. And guess what, leaving someone a dozen of dramatic, emotionally charged voicemails prompted by an event lesser than death or otherwise tragedy does not fit the bill. Average, mentally healthy people don't do that for feeling dismayed or ignored. What OP did (as described in the original post) is sufficiently outside the realm of usual, normal or "socially acceptable" that the people on the other end of it are likely shocked and alienated enough that they no longer feel the need to extend their own positive hand of social contract to her, by contacting her and letting her know they want to refuse contact further on. This is insensitive and all, but they're probably thinking something along the lines of "that b*tch is crazy; lets just ignore her and hope she goes away", because that behavior really is that unsettling and unusual. For the average, "gray" behavior, that someone decided they simply personally didn't like, but that was still in the realm of "normal", something like what you describe would be commonplace (that said, average people still ghost average people like no one's business, often out of awkwardness, though it does tend to happen more gradually). But, OP acted sufficiently outside of the socially acceptable, considered mentally healthy realm that they feel justified to stay away without explanation. You can think that's shitty or insensitive, but it's still something an average person would easily do, out of indifference rather than antipathy for the other person's feelings, and it's probably what I'd imagine as the most likely outcome in this scenario given the beginning conditions, even if the outcome wasn't disclosed by OP herself.
The thing is, KVD is a woman, so even by women who self-brand as "woke" and "feminist", they'll still hold her to a higher standard of moral behavior than JS. It's likely in theory, that if you think JS's behavior sucks, you think the same for KVD and vice versa. If one of them sinks and one of them floats, that's only gonna be evidence of double standards and misogyny and nothing else. I think KVD is an idiot (I'm not anti-vaxx; this point needs stressing because I don't want people to twist this comment into some weird covert anti-vax propaganda), but I defend her on that front (trying to bring "balance to the force" if you will). A lot of people specifically want to tear her a new one because in their (possibly subconscious) view, men are allowed to be shocking, controversial and rebellious in respect to social norms and the cultural zeitgeist, and women are not, and they just can't contain their viceral zeal that turns on when it comes to telling a woman she is mothering her child (or affecting other people's children) poorly. No one shouts "but the children!!!!1" when it comes to men's behavior. If J* was anti-vaxx, people (predominantly women here; internalized misogyny is a bitch) would still find hoops to jump through to fag-hag him. It would be explained as "well, he's granola; he's always been out there; I'm not surprised" or "Tati is into crystals; none of them are really as smart about that stuff; they're just people into makeup, what do you expect" and similar. It would be reduced in importance and brushed off. You all know it's true.
&gt; Those who vaccinate their children, and those who would do if they had children, are morally superior to anti-vaxxers. In your opinion, lmao. Everyone who has any sort of strong moral opinion on anything thinks that they're morally superior to people who hold the opposite view. It's like imbedded into the definition. PS: Not anti-vaxx. Just find this performative outrage woke circlejerk obnoxious. The woman is granola and into whacky pseudo-science. She's not the first and she won't be the last. Get over it.
One thing to consider is that people with BPD can bond quite quickly, and can consider someone new their crush or "FP" in a matter of days or weeks. We don't have an objective time guideline for how long OP's known the people in the story. Even if she and the mentioned guy are in an official relationship, it might be fresh and new and casual enough that there's still not enough commitment perceived on the other side. Another thing worth considering: in my experience, people with BPD can actually be quite good with flying under the radar and being all "hello, fellow mentally stable and adjusted people" for a relatively long time, especially if they're more introverted, have a good sense of outcome, and/or are predominantly governed by their fear of abandonment vs impulsivity. That sort of person wouldn't really read as strange or emotionally vulnerable or neurodivergent at all (unless disclosed), until the situation of perceived abandonment happened, at which point their new, panicked "frantic avoidance of abandonment" behavior would be in stark contrast with their old persona to the point the whole thing would altogether be even more jarring. Another scenario is that what OP is now mentioning is part of an older pattern, and the people in the story have already been trying to gently phase out (which is also what triggered the sense of abandonment), and the last incident was just what tipped the thing over into "that's unacceptable; let's go no contact" on their side. Either way, I strongly feel like we have no reason to believe they're being of a conspiring or sadistic mind towards OP; they're most likely perfectly average people with a relatively non-empathetic response to OP displaying BPD-related interpersonal dysfunction.
It is objectively more "walk around on eggshells" than the average reddit sub (probably because it's predominantly inhabited by quite left-leaning, white, affluent, liberal feminist women i.e. the ultimate social justice junkie demographic). It's closer to /r/ShitRedditSays in vibe than to any other subreddit I can think of off the top of my head, lmao. There can be an argument about whether this "sensitivity" is a good or bad thing, but there's no doubt that it exists, comparably to other subs and communities that are there for dialogue about hobbies which have little to do directly with social justice.
*420th
I take Lamictal as well (for bipolar; I don't have BPD) and also noticed the same thing when I just started taking it (I don't think it got better, I just think I got used to the "mildly impaired memory" state). However, it isn't quite as extreme as you're suggesting it is in your case (it's noticeable, but not to the degree that one bad effect outweighs the good ones). In any case, I'd suggest consulting with the person who prescribed it (a psychiatrist, most likely) and talking about whether there could possibly be an alternative to it if you feel like that side-effect takes the net-benefit of the drug into negative.
NTA either way, but this situation sounds like it's missing some key context. By the sound of it, you don't have many friends, but the two girls mentioned in the story do; one of them did a gaming night for her birthday, and they were also throwing a Christmas party together. I think that unfortunately what happened here is that because of their (probably) wider social circle, they consider you a more of a "casual" friend, and you, due to not really having many friends, consider them quite close. It's possible to even likely they just presumed there were other people invited to your birthday besides them, and that you wouldn't really miss them if they were to bail. None of that would come close to making them "not assholes" or making you an asshole, but just maybe something to think about for better understanding of the picture.
"A lot of money" is a relative thing. The rule of thumb is probably that if both parties can reasonably afford it, then it's in the ballpark of acceptable gift from one party to the other. Sure, for someone who is barely making ends meet, giving them a 500$ bag would probably make them feel exceedingly uncomfortable and awkward, but that's because of the difference in income and affordability. In your case, it sounds like that's not an issue, so I'd say it would be fine to go ahead and keep the bag.
Family (in terms of blood or peripheral marriage ties) means very little to nothing to some people (and for good reason). OP also probably has a "family of choice", that is people she hand-picked specifically because she liked their personalities and decided to consider them close to her, and if SIL ain't it, then too damn bad. I still think the brother issue is an issue. It would be weird to invite the brother but not his wife, but on the other hand, are they dead-set on inviting the brother? Are the brother and the groom close? INFO is needed.
Like not show up? xD Just had to say it. I do think it's more mature and productive in the long run to just bear with her because of the brother.
Ooooh. Seriously OP. I live in Europe in a culture similar to that, and yeah, the brother would probably be upset and weirded out if his wife wasn't invited too, to the point he might even forgo coming (hell, I think this is even likely, given how far the wedding would be held) and then your husband would be upset because his brother couldn't be there, blah blah. Seriously. It sucks, and the whole "family matters" sucks, but this could make you be on bad terms with the entire side of the husband's family, even if he's personally fine with it. Just bite the bullet and invite her. You're saving yourself a lifetime of headaches. You're not doing it for her; just pretend you don't know her. She's just a random faceless woman that comes as +1 with your husband's brother. She doesn't sound like a drama queen; it doesn't seem particularly likely she would do anything disruptive to ruin the wedding, so I think just invite her, and then politely ignore her existence.
Honestly, it doesn't really matter whether it's "BPD" or "borderline traits". For all intents and purposes, it sounds like you are struggling with substantial aspects of BPD (especially if your mood swings are in response to perceived emotional exchange with other people -- if you think they're not, there might be misdiagnosis possibly going on), and therefore there really isn't that much of a meaningful difference between how you should perceive and approach your issues and someone who was diagnosed with the full disorder. The whole 5/9 thing is simply because they had to make the cut off somewhere; any discrete categorization when it comes to such matters will be somewhat artificial and arbitrary. Human behavior is never that clear-cut, and especially since your criteria dip into every sub-facet of the disorder, I do think it's helpful to see your symptoms from a BPD-like lens. So I'd recommend not really dwelling on the terminology used, but rather concentrating on your specific issues and how you may go about addressing them, and this sub is full of discussion on the same issues, so it should be equally helpful to you nonetheless.
NTA. Your sister is the asshole because this actually clearly isn't about her kid and its feelings, since otherwise, she would have called on the day itself, this is about her getting a lowkey narcissistic injury and acting like a martyr because someone dare not remember her offspring's birthday. By waiting for the day after, she made it about herself. The kid had no use of you being reminded the day after; if this were about the kid at all, she would have reminded you in time so you could talk to the kid on the phone or come over or whatever, that would make the kid happy. But instead, she waited for it all to be done to complain, because her "poor, insulted me" points go up after it's all said and done. Your sister is just using her child as a ploy to get sympathy and attention.
He almost most certainly didn't. Kids at that age honestly care about their friends for human presence, and mostly only for presents from adults, especially family that's a bit further away. That's just the manipulative crap your sister is peddling because she's annoyed she didn't get attention for her kid's birthday. If it were about the kid, she would have called on the day of the birthday, because that way you can still get in touch with the kid and make him happy. She had the opportunity to stop the kid from "going to bed feeling unloved"; she didn't take it, which is why this is all just a self-centered narrative of hers.
Eh, idk, going off how I was as a child and how my peers also seemed to be. Your mom/dad being there, especially if they're absent a lot? Yeah, important. More distant family that you don't see a lot and a child probably forgets exist half the time? Not that big a deal. But still, if the kid was upset, there was an obvious open avenue for fixing that (just reminding them on the day of the birthday, once it was obvious it slipped their mind). So either the kid wasn't that upset, or the kid was upset, but it was the mother's fault for allowing that, since she could have stopped it by just calling them and reminding them to get in touch with the kid for his birthday. Either way, OP is NTA.
The potential issue of "polyamory" in many people's minds is this: there are only so many places you can be at one time, and a committed relationship (especially one with children) takes a lot of it. I mean, just think of it in terms of resources. People have multiple friends, because having one friend doesn't particularly impeach you from having another. With a friend, you'd exchange a few messages daily, see them once a week; there's no reason you can't do that with three people instead of one. But marriage with a child? Highly expensive in terms of time resource management. Doesn't really leave a lot of room for stretched out dates with another person (let alone two), sleepovers, and everything that goes with a standard relationship. All the time you take to do that, your spouse is spending doing their own and your job of childcare. Especially if it isn't symmetrical (OP disclosed it isn't really), it's completely reasonable to speculate the wife feels resentful of the result of such an arrangement. I have nothing against polyamory for people who can genuinely pull it off without neglecting anyone. OP isn't one of those people. OP let his child and wife suffer in his absence and didn't show up. For most people, children are very very high on their list of priorities (if they have them). Because children are small and fragile and needy. If you take up a commitment like that, you're being very ambitious thinking you can do it with one hand.
Bring quite a bit of different food you like, and others might like as well, and don't make it according to her bullshit requirements. If anyone asks, "ooops, I forgot", or "ooops, I'm an idiot, I didn't know this had gluten or soy in it". You and a few more of your family members can enjoy what you bring, and ignore her princess tea party. Very important: If you want to do this, do not in any way express displeasure about the situation beforehand. Be cool about it; absolutely zero outwardly expressed resentment, and then just show up ignoring all their bullshit. Plausible deniability.
Did you cheat on your "vindictive ex wife"? If yeah, you're a POS who has no room to complain. If you didn't, then this situation is substantially different than your own and you're doing misplaced projection. Seriously, neither she nor the kids should give a fuck here about the father's feelings. He sure didn't give a shit about them while he was nailing his hot subordinate. For people who say she's the asshole from the kids angle, that she's denying the kids something; I disagree in a sense, but I get it. But for people who're being all like "your poor cheating ex husband; how dare you not let him use your children as props twice a year to give himself a gold star for his parenting with the bare minimum effort"? Lmao, go away.
NTA. Your mother honestly sounds too self-absorbed to notice rudimentary stuff about you; I'm getting mild RBN vibes from it even. It's a small thing, but it's a telling thing for sure. She basically doesn't recognize you as a separate person with your own individuality and preference; it sounds like she does a projection from what she likes, which is actually major alarm bells. Such parents are typically emotionally abusive in other ways as well. Instilling your children with the feeling it is right and even necessary for them to have their own separate identity and tastes is a fundamental part of being a parent. It sounds like she always tried to stifle yours instead, because god forbid, it could interfere with her own desires.
I'm not a therapist, just someone with a layman interest in psychology/psychiatric disorders. &gt; She tells me I make her feel guilty about it though. For what it's worth, based on the stuff I've observed and read (both in terms of literature, and in terms of more practical situations) this is a major narcissistic tendencies pointer. If you express discontent, she isn't at all willing to entertain your feelings with any interest or empathy; she immediately jumps to how your feelings make her feel. Guilt and shame especially are major triggers for narcissists; it's why they're notoriously bad at taking even the most gentle, constructive criticism. This is not normal by any stretch of the imagination, and it's not a healthy parent-child dynamic, even when the child is older, and this sounds like it has been a pattern ever since you were a kid anyway. It sounds like your mother is in general the type of person who would go to the funeral and complain that the person who died inconvenienced her because now she has to stand there on a sunny day in black. edit: Check out /r/raisedbynarcissists. Seriously (worth noting that the term "narcissist" there is used a bit more loosely than the psychiatric disorder definition; it's basically a label related to the empirical observation some parents are self-centered enough that their self-centeredness ends up having a profound negative effect on their children's development, especially in terms of identity and sense of self-worth).
&gt; My mom treating her kids like they’re just appendages of her own self is kind of the whole core issue here, I think. Fuck, how did I miss this. This is basically a meme and it's in general the narcissist life philosophy. Pretty much all children of narcissists grow up feeling like they were born to merely be tools of their parents, and were heavily guilted and shamed for attempting to develop any autonomous existence. "You don't exist as a value in and off itself, you only exist in terms of what you mean to me and what you can do for me. If you have aspirations outside of that, I will do my best to squash them, because that presents a liability for you becoming less available to me." Read [this](https://np.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/7xeh6g/giada_and_her_many_faces/du80jpc/) comment; it's quite cool and it's a good insight into how narcissists internally function.
I think you don't understand the difference between "stanning" and refusing to participate in the organized ostracizing circlejerk against him.
&gt; That said, in my opinion this is your burden to bear now. **Telling him is going to fill him with indecision about his prior break up and distrust and pain about your betrayal.** If it really was an incident, not a greater indication of your character and suitability as a partner ... him not knowing will spare him pain. You can be the one to carry it because you did it. I don't believe you are necessarily a crap person or have a bad relationship because you committed one massive ethical crime. Which is good, because he deserves to know whom he's dating. Truth is good, as a general thing. There are exceptions (if the truth is not meaningfully relevant, and can only serve to hurt sensibilities), but this is beyond that. If he can get over that after a few days or weeks mulling over it, then they can keep dating. If he's not fine with it, he's still entitled to the information, so he can make an informed decision to stay in a relationship with her or not. As far as the situation goes currently, their relationship is essentially only stable because she's keeping up the lie. You think keeping it that way is ethical towards the other person? Another thing: he could still be in love with his ex (I suspect he is, otherwise OP wouldn't be so desperate and jealous that she's viscerally compelled to make up lies about her), and he may prefer to break up with OP, and depending on circumstances, pursue his ex girlfriend again. Obviously, OP doesn't want that, which is why she lied in the first place. But that makes her a giant....well, asshole.
YTA. You should tell him the truth so he can leave you and find someone who actually loves him and respects him as a human being. You ain't it.
YTA. This is not remotely a normal and average human sensitivity. You have a hyper-sensitivity to the (apparently often unjustified) perception of being left out and/or abandoned. Go get a psych appointment and examine that, because if this is a pattern of behavior/thought for you (which it sounds like it is, because "[you] have explicitly stated to [your] husband many times before that excluding [you] from things is the most hurtful thing to [you]") you do and will have serious issues when it comes to interpersonal relationships.
NTA, but you weren't wise about it either. There was no reason she had to know the real reason behind you not being able to accommodate you at your place; you could have come up with a million different excuses instead ("oh no, the guest room/living room has to undergo sudden construction", or "oh no, my in-laws made a surprise crash to our place", or anything else of the sort) and let her go to a hotel or something. This way, you hurt her feelings, and possibly jeopardized your relationship with her (I'm sure if she understood the actual seriousness and liability behind a bed-bug infection, and knew infecting your home was a possibility, that she would have called off the visit herself, but this way, in her perspective you're essentially being petty and are prioritizing a not-that-significant issue over your friendship with her). I'm not saying that what you did isn't justified, or that she's right about her perception, but it's a tricky thing to maneuver and I can see it as coming across hurtful to her based on her own understanding of the circumstances. This is an example of a "white lie" being a good thing.
You're immature for not getting the pettiness of the situation, and because you seem way too gung-ho about being right about something that's incredibly trivial and actually not that impressive of a conclusion since it's pretty much common sense. Basically, the fact you think you being right about this matters so much makes you someone who has little awareness of the big picture of life, which is a decent indicator of immaturity.
YTA, because you have understanding and patience and empathy for a dog with behavioral problems, but not for a human with socially inept behavior and out of reasons that can't be helped. Especially since you're "angry"; concerned or even annoyed or wanting advice on how to prevent the same thing from happening in the future would be understandable, and wouldn't really put you in the asshole territory, but you're seriously **angry** at a person with special needs for behaving as someone with special needs? You're the adult mentally capable of handling this maturely, with empathy and patience and grace. I'd suggest you use that ability.
&gt; I'm not immature at all Said every immature person ever. Do you seriously think your ridiculously limited and biased perspective on yourself (which is not limited to just yourself, but to every human being) is a ~logical~ argument? Besides, you came to a subreddit that's essentially constructed around you posting your situation/opinion, and getting an outside perspective on it. It's not a place for you to fight for being "right". If you're so right and so sure you're right, why are you here fishing for validation? Additionally, from the rules: &gt; If people start saying you were the asshole, do not take that as an invitation to debate them on the subject...accept the judgement and move on.
&gt; You're an idiot again Highly logical argument, and not remotely an emotionally charged tantrum response from someone who is immature. &gt; into the fact that I know how basic dinner table mechanics work and a person that demands special treatment from basic serving bowl use is being an asshole Which raises the question, why are you here? Just rely on your omniscience for guidance in life. Then sit there baffled that isn't working out for you. And I in no way implied you're an asshole, in respect to the above post. I stated you're immature and arrogant because of giving undue weight to something that's in the category of lamest, pettiest things that grace this sub.
YTA. You're not entitled to coercing her to play incubator just to give you the ~grandbaby~ you want. Stay out of her business, that concerns her uterus and it alone.
Yes. Because deleting a post simply for people disagreeing with you is such a mature and cold-hard-logic response. Learn to accept being wrong (again, not about the table thing, but about the maturity thing), or at least learn to gracefully accept other people's articulated claims that you are, even if you disagree.
The asshole for thinking it? Not remotely. Sorta socially inept and lacking the ability to predict outcome given you said it outloud before your (obviously older, and therefore unlikely desensitized to casual references to "anal beads") mother? Yeah, that.
Whom did you say it to then? Your sister? Whomever you said it to, was it actually a correct prediction that they would receive the remark neutrally/positively?
&gt; I knew she wasn’t going to be thrilled I'm just sitting here wondering why you said it outloud in the first place. If you knew she wouldn't react well to it, why feel as compelled to say it anyway? That said, your sister's response to it is disproportionate and unreasonable as well.
NTA. You're asking of him to make a small adjustment, because of something that significantly discomforts you on a near-daily basis. And the discomfort is not unreasonable either; who wants their bedroom to smell like bowel movements if it can be helped? Admittedly, the question is a bit sensitive, but he's the immature asshole for responding the way he did. He's the one who's ill, and who's inconveniencing you in a to you significant way with it. Ultimately, his illness is his cross to bear, not yours, and he should be reasonable about not imposing the negative aspects of it on other people if it can be easily helped. Anyway, I suspect it's not so much about him following the sacred rule of "I poop wherever I want"; he's discomforted and ashamed his behavior lead to you having to make such a request in the first place. You were still justified to vocalize your frustrations, since the beginning behavior is on him, and he *could have* reasonably concluded that using the other bathroom would be a more pleasing option for you, and not really skin off his back. Honestly, if I were in his shoes, I'd be highly conscious of the issue and how it impacts the other person, and frankly mortified and embarrassed enough that I'd feel compelled to use the other bathroom without anyone needing to beg me to do it.
&gt; I was getting a dig in and trying to make her feel uncomfortable, just as I feel uncomfortable hearing the price tag and brand name of everything she buys with her husbands money. "She's an asshole, so I'll be an asshole right back at her, out of emotional retribution reasons, and not just directly defending myself from her own assholery." Classic ESH material. &gt; but should this be enough to hold a family splitting grudge over, especially since I’ve since reached out to her (this was on thanksgiving of last year) to no avail? No.
The truth matters when it matters. If the consequences of the truth are decidedly negative, and the consequences of the lie innocuous, lying is actually okay (IMO). For what it's worth, I do in general value truth (I wrote [this](https://np.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/a9eyej/aita_for_lying_to_my_bf_and_letting_him_believe/ecjykls/) comment like 2 hours ago), but when the truth has practical relevance outside of just having a negative emotional impact with no other meaningful implications. edit: As a hypothetical, if your grandma knit you a hideous sweater for Christmas, and asked you whether you liked it, how would you respond to her and why?
Yeeeeah, I've lost count how many pairs of underwear and sweatpants I had to wash in my sink with cold water relying on that logic.
NTA. Your brother is an asshole with too many emotional issues as to sift through them all in one sitting. Your mother sounds kind, but also like she's a doormat. Do not, I repeat, *do not* let your asshole brother get away with it. Take the ring for yourself if you have to; tell your mother you "suddenly have the urge" to possess it; hide it somewhere, whatever. Having a stern sobering talk with your mother would be best; feel free to bust out the whole "me and my sister wanted to remember you by this once you're gone, but now we won't be able to; this ring means so much to us emotionally", like, layer the guilt on thick on the other side, so it cancels out his side. That fucker does not in any way deserve the family heirloom that was always intended for you and your sister, not for whichever random floozy he wouldn't even spend his own money on proposing.
&gt; but that is far from the truth. I have been busting my ass to talk to her every chance I can. I have been calling, texting, anything. She has been disappearing from 5pm to 10am every night for the past few days. I have been trying to console her and she has been brushing me off **like I'm not doing enough**. This isn't about you, and your collecting of your "good guy" points. You're only there for her on your own terms, and not her own. Newsflash: she lost her mother. In this play, she's the main character, and you're merely in a supportive role. How and when you want to establish contact matters squat. How she does matters a whole lot, if you care about her and if you want to be someone she can emotionally rely on while grieving. You were spamming her with calls and texts when she clearly *did not* feel like communicating with anyone (and you even give yourself points for this?), and then you blow her off when she finally reaches out? Her grieving process works at her own pace, not yours. Not getting that makes you a bigger asshole than the rest of the story, tbh.
/u/YoYoYoYoLookAtThis I'll actually be wild for my purity standards and say I sorta would entertain the INFJ suggestion (edit: spoiler: there's a plot-twist at the end; stay tuned). But like a younger (okay, he's 18) one, because the Ti is a bit on the weak side. But I get heaps more Fe here than Fi, and I do also see N to a degree. &gt; -One thing I am always told I am is “in another world” or “in my own world” If this is true and not bullshitty, then that's a quite solid pointer N. Especially Ni doms get accused of being absent all the time, and specifically INFJs will invoke the opinion/perspective of other people as a relevant element to understanding themselves or to describing themselves to other people. INFPs are often waaaay too reliant on their own perspective on themselves and will simply recount that as if it were an objective truth, even as to outside observers it'd read as self-indulgent and biased, and won't really give out a lot of external parameters on themselves (either in a Te or in a Fe sense). Basically, invoking outside stuff as reflecting on yourself is a J pointer. &gt; -Family describes me as emotionally intelligent but I can’t really ever see that This is also classic INFJ sentiment. Again "family describes me"; appeal to an external perspective on oneself (Fe), and even that self-deprecating thing (oh, but I don't really think as highly of myself, even as people do give me positive feedback) is heaps more INFJ. With INFPs it's often the opposite, and they often proudly self-brand as a type of empath savant, and their environment wouldn't really describe them as so because they're too foreclosed off with their insights as for other people to make that sort of judgement on them. &gt; -I do have a big heart and have a deep sense of how others feel and hate to **see others hurt or made fun of**. I can almost feel how they feel. If that makes sense. This is a more Fe-ish phrasing for empathy. And if I had a nickel for every Ni-dom (and especially INFJ) that finished their sentences with "if that makes sense" (/u/TKK442), I'd now be able to splurge on stuff for the holidays. &gt; -Crave knowledge but am very interested esoteric things like magic, conspiracy theories and occult stuff. Basically any secret knowledge. This is sooooorta off, but I'm gonna chalk it up to a bit weaker Ti, and also to possibly peer influence (not that he mentions it, but a scenario where I could imagine it). With INFJs, it really depends for this stuff. Either they're sorta into it (more likely for younger girls surrounded by NFPs), or they're completely not (usually if they're male, and have a lot of Ts as their in-group). But I've seen it go both ways. Unfortunately, looking some in his post history, this may be somewhat a manifestation of his mental illness; unstable Ni doms are very predisposed to paranoia. &gt; -Procrastinate but only to delay the feeling of dissatisfaction. This sort of cold meta-view on oneself as a "machine that functions a certain way" is Ni-dom specific, or if not that, at least it's not something I've noted INFPs being too good at. They introspect, but in a completely different way; they go deeper inside, and Ni doms go above. Meaning, an INFP typically introspects as "what are my values? what do I think about this? is this moral?"; Ni doms introspect more as "*why* am I like this? *why* do I behave this way? what purpose does it serve?" Basically, Ni doms do a lot of metacognition interrogation of themselves, and often quite brutally (if you want to see this in its full glory, check out [this](https://np.reddit.com/r/BPD/comments/939po0/i_am_crazy_a_warning_to_anyone_considering/) post by an INFJ reflecting on their experience having BPD). INFPs have too much of a sensibility to criticism of themselves from an imagined outside as to find it pleasant to do that. Si doms honestly don't really introspect in either of these ways. Their introspection is mostly neurotic ruminating, either through their Si or through their Ti when they feel destabilized. &gt; -Never felt like I truly fit in unless everyone around me is 100% happy and welcoming This is like poor bb Fe that I actually like very much in male INFJs, and want to coddle it and protect it and all (though I mostly want to throttle every other known manifestation of Fe) and they usually get self-actualized about it with age and hopefully with for them better social circles. They need people who accept them for what they are and give them a rest from trying to contort themselves into a sense of non-existent identity just to feel like everything is "alright". So yeah. I actually vote INFJ (will be taken back; keep reading). EDIT: Oh, another thing. INFP text almost always comes off as notably emotionally charged. For Ni doms (and interestingly enough, especially for low neuroticism INTJs, and high neuroticism INFJs), it doesn't. There's a sort of a vibe of flatness and cold resignation that can be sensed in the post; tbh, this is quite on point for how I'd expect a depressed/neurotic (and OP mentions struggling with mental illness) INFJ to come across. **EDIT2:** That said, weirdly enough, depending on the legitimacy of the self-reporting; I could also go for **ISFP**. ISFPs have this weird mode where they can semi-convincingly play INFJs, and some of the stuff that I can chalk up to "INFJ with mental health struggles" I can also chalk up just to "ISFP with milder mental health struggles". ISFPs also have a penchant for paranoia and ~conspiracy theories~, even when they're healthy, bluntly, because they're not actually that intellectually conscientious and they fall for some extremely erroneous faulty logical leaps. INFJs have a sort of a metaphorical "squinty eyes" skepticism about any sort of "T-system" (more even than INTJs, who feel more comfortable spitballing, though still not typically about conspiracy theories, while INFJs don't like that at all), and their paranoia is usually more customised to the self (say, it's not "9/11 was an inside job!!!" but more stuff like "this person shows good will, but can I really trust that?", "people pretend to like me but they don't like me", or "this person is doing this to test me" and such). Say also, all that I said for Je pointers can also be a P type with social anxiety (which OP has) because that sort of thing tends to enhance the weight one gives to an external social perspective on oneself as well. The issue is (and I'm a dingus for not doing further exploration beforehand), the rest of his post history is quite low-effort and trolly, and that's heaps more ISFP than INFJ. Like, the whole "I totally absorb other people's emotions", if it's true, is more INFJ, but the thing is, for some reason, ISFPs also keep incessantly claiming that even though it doesn't remotely resemble what actually happens with them. The level of eloquence is also something atypical for an INFJ (it's too low), but that could be explained if there's mental impairment of sort at work here, and/or if OP is so depressed by life he just feels like trolling random one-liners on Reddit, that can go either way. So, idk. I do end up sorta leaning ISFP at the end (forgive me, I'm a Te user, I think as I talk, hence the whole "here's why INFJ is a reasonable suggestion" essay that I ended up taking back). Like, it's not that this can't be an INFJ, but with a lot of brushing-off of stuff that don't quite fit with other factors, but ISFP is a simpler theory. The mental illness complicates it quite some, and it can be untangled in two different directions, but "ISFP with anxiety and depression" beats "INFJ with anxiety, depression, schizophrenic tendencies and significant mental impairment" in the simplicity of the explanation. EDIT3: Also, do you know you yourself are probably an INFJ, from what I can tell? You don't flair, but then again, real INFJs usually don't (the irony), because they know they may invite unsavory comments from jerks like me if they're perceived to be "wrong" about their INFJness, and also, they tend to get a distaste for the label when they see it overused by Fi-doms. And this is a throwaway, I just noticed. Regardless.
This contains misinformation. There are two ways a makeup product can get to China: it's either imported there (which pulls with it obligatory animal-testing) or it's produced there, which means *it's exempt from the obligatory animal testing*. If Wet'n'Wild has a factory on China's territory, despite being a "foreign" brand, their makeup would still fall under the domestic production guidelines. The public statements they've given is that their products are still not tested on animals. Them selling in China =/= not being "cruelty free". Source: https://www.crueltyfreekitty.com/cruelty-free-101/animal-testing-china/ &gt; China lifted the animal testing requirement for cosmetics manufactured within the country. While this is a big and important step, it’s important to emphasize that cosmetics manufactured outside of China are still confined to the same animal testing law. They mention post-market testing too (which would be the government pulling the product off the shelves in case there were consumer complaints relating to safety), but the possibility of this does not equal probability. In reality, this rarely to never happens, and even if it does, it wouldn't be that likely that it happens to a brand like Wet'n'Wild which has been sold in the US with no issues whatsoever. They aren't coming out with new products for the Chinese market; they're selling products which have already shown themselves in practice to work and not cause issues.
&gt; I thought this was the case but Cruelty Free Kitty later denounced WNW because post-market testing is still a thing. The possibility of any testing and being ok with it is what made her and Logical Harmony decide that WNW is no longer considered cruelty free. I honestly think this is a matter of opinion. *Might* does not equal *will*, and you need to take into account the probability of something like that happening. Post market testing isn't that frequent of a thing, and another relevant argument in it all is that if someone wants to make more companies cruelty free, or if they even want cruelty-free attitudes to happen in China, then having a company like Wet'n'Wild sell there is actually beneficial to the whole CF movement. There are vegan/vegetarian/CF people in China, who surely hope to affect how things are in their country re: the subject, and their way of doing that would be to pick the cruelty-free brands over the ones that aren't, but how can they do that if you allow no cruelty-free products whatsoever to hit the Chinese market by definition? Another thing is that if no one is allowed to sell in China under any circumstances, that's kinda unfair to the Chinese population in a sense, no? You're removing their options because of a tangential possibility of something negative happening. To think WnW isn't cruelty-free over what will more likely than not end up being an inconsequential technicality of possibility on paper is the definition of being purist, and sticking to the letter as opposed to spirit of the law. If anyone cares to see this argument more fleshed out, here's a video by a youtuber UnnaturalVegan who laid out this point of view very thoroughly. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzCjJf9UQp0 She's vegan, so she's even a "step above" just being CF, in terms of scrupulosity regarding the treatment of animals, and she still sees that revoking WnW's cruelty-free status is essentially meaningless. Did they lie? Yeah, and it's shitty. I do think there's a possibility the person issuing that statement was simply not informed about their recent move to produce in China, *or* they wanted to announce it on their own time, or they didn't want to announce it, because they anticipated it would be wildly misunderstood by the wider audience, because everyone and their mother thinks China = obligatory animal testing. Is it shady? Heck yeah, but that still wouldn't make them not cruelty-free.
&gt; and Nicol has been very very open about being a fan of the show and them as people Yeah, I don't care how honest someone is, or is trying to be, this immediately tells me that her judgement is irrelevant on lots of things.
Do you say the same thing when someone mentions J* negatively in a thread about J*? Don't get me wrong, just questioning the level of hypocrisy; I don't have a horse in the race either way.
Yeah right, this sub has an issue of bias *against* black women, not for them. That's why people aren't over-defensive when it comes to light their token POC sweethearts aren't the flawless angels they seem to be, it's why we can have calm, nuanced discussions about Fenty despite the fact that according to this very sub, Rihanna committed the Cardinal Sin of having an instance in her history where she was racially/culturally insensitive in meme format, and it's why a thread about criticisms of a black influencer can pass without someone pulling the "YoU JuSt CaRe CaUse YouRe RaCiSt". Oh wait, neither of those things are true. This sub is so SJW-leaning that it's ridiculous. I've never seen another online space not officially affiliated with the SJW stuff be as ridiculous in that aspect, yet people cry that there's not *enough* of it going on? Gimme a break.
~Microaggressions~ are a bigger problem than slander that might potentially ruin someone's reputation and livelihood, according to this sub. People making dumb jokes are apparently a "threat to someone's personal safety" on the basis of their identity; like literally which delusional planet do these people live on? Just admit you're doing performative moral-based jerking for fun, *or* that you take everything way too personally and blow stuff out of proportion because of what's honestly lowkey narcissism, and don't pretend you're addressing real-life-relevant problems. Manny can be canned over some half-baked, stupid but pretty much innocuous comment about how he can tell an autistic kid from one that's not that, or because he *gasp* expected an Uber driver serving American customers to be able to communicate basic words in English in order to, you know, do his job, but Jackie has plot armor regardless of what actual **real life relevant** shit she pulls just because she has enough oppression points.
You do get the money doesn't go to their own pockets, right? But yeah, using the power of a large fanbase to help people suffering ftom brain injury or those who have learning disabilities is clearly less important than crowdfunding you a car. /s Btw, before you hit me with "people aren't even helping out of completely noble reasons", that doesn't matter. If Freefolk sticking it to the OG GoT sub means hundreds of thousands are going to charity, then by god go on.
&gt; and lawsuits could abound This makes no sense. Donating to a charity is entirely voluntary, and no one can tell you "well, you donated to charity x, but not to charity y, and that's unfair so charity y/person running charity y can sue you". It's just not how it works.
My memory might be foggy, but didn't Aegon II imprison ~~Rhaenys and~~ Rhaenyra and ordered Sunfyre to ~~burn them~~ eat her? Being explicitly told by your rider to set someone on fire is different from doing it yourself out of whichever calculus. (just splitting hairs; don't mind me). Also, show canon =/= book canon. Dany's hair did not survive the funeral pyre in the books, and yeah, the books make more sense on stuff like this. They always did. Even when people liked the show. edit: I was too lazy to check the details, and went by bad memory; fixed now.
Right. Thank you for correcting me.
I don't think /r/GoT fought valiantly and nobly... Don't do my boy Rhaegs dirty like that.
You make it sound like people can just decide whom to love. Most of the time, they really cannot. You can choose how you *act*, but you can't choose how you *feel*. Most people will obviously love the kid they know since it was a baby, and that they raised in every sense for years more than a kid that was introduced to them 2 years ago by their partner like "hey, here's my kid".
Well, he isn't Guatemalan, so that isn't "his culture". It's not his duty to baby his MIL in this just because the MIL feels entitled to it based on her own cultural notions. On the other hand, yes, she does need to conform and learn English, because she lives in a place where she can't functionally communicate with anyone to meet her basic needs otherwise. MIL might be behaving normally for "her own culture", but not considering where she willingly moved and what culture OP himself belongs to.
It's not that we don't get it, it's that we don't care. I can found a religion and make it the first tenet that everyone is obligated to help me because I'm some special being, but I can't force other people to actually subscribe to the religion. It's fine, whatever, if it works differently in another culture, but OP does not belong to that culture, and has no duty to play by the established rules. &gt; but I do it because I try to be a good daughter and that's one way to show her that I care about her and want to serve her in any way I can Welp, amongst those language courses, I hope OP came across a few on "how not to be a doormat" to direct you to. Don't project your lack of spine on others.
You mentioned it; if you want to bring something to people's attention, it's polite to actually provide them with the source, especially when it's so "searchable".
Yeah, and it would take you far less time to google it yourself and just edit your original comment with the source, than to respond to everyone who is interested with "go look for it yourself" or to bicker with me.
She talks about being mindful in the sense of her whole "clean makeup" shtick; it's not the same thing as being mindful you don't piss off "cancel culture". Tati rarely to never really cared to play that game, it was obvious; whenever someone would try to force her hand, she'd go with "I'm just making it about the makeup", and now the whole sub is *SURPRISED PIKACHU FACE* when it turns out Tati doesn't spend her free time cancelling people for their moral sins. She was always like that. It's just that a lot of people liked her for unrelated reasons and tried to project that on her.
Yeah, but here you can't just stop. You either do the real-life-relevant shitty thing like bringing up miscarriage in a trivial context to a woman who is still probably traumatized by experiencing it, or you lose the game.
I mean, I don't completely agree with that assessment. She might have said that's what upset her (no apology), because it was a simpler thing to argue, but she wouldn't want an apology if she wasn't upset by what he did in the first place. The apology would have helped, probably, but OP having the modest amount of foresight and emotional intelligence as to not do it in the first place is probably what she would have preferred altogether.
They suffer from "floating lips" syndrome. If you directly look at it, it can be pretty, if you're into the whole shiny thing, but if you lean back and look at the entire picture, they don't look like they're a part of her face. This is, if I understand correctly, why a lot of darker-skinned women often use a lip liner; they tend to have that problem with lip colors that strongly contrast with their skin tone.
Kink shaming is his kink.
We have become the very thing we'd sworn to destroy.
Names, especially names with historical or cultural ties can feel like very emotion-charged things, and people care about what they name their baby because they want to give them the name that means something to them. I completely see the insult here. To OP, that name is something that has meaning and history attached to it, to her asshole friend, it's more of a "that has a good ring to it" novelty. It is disrespectful, not because it's a name, but because it's clearly something that means a lot to OP due to the background and the connection to her own mother, and the friend is just using it as "tehe, I think it sounds good".
So what's Waif's purpose there? She just likes roleplaying as a Stark for ...reasons? &gt;"You told her to kill me." "Yes, but here you are, and there she is." This wouldn't make sense as a conversation if Waif was one side of it. "You told her to kill me." Did Jaqen tell Arya to kill the Waif? No, he told the Waif to kill Arya. Also, Arya telling Nymeria "that's not you" is a throwback to S1 when Ned tells Arya she will get married to some lord and have children at some point and Arya says "that's not me". Why the fuck would Waif tell a random wolf such a line? Fret not, OP. Tinfoil is sturdier than the stuff this theory is made of. As cheap and stupid as the Arya-Waif chase sequence and the whole stabbing was, it's on the show failing to really deliver it properly; Arya Stark is very much alive. As for the books, unless you hear GRRM's wife suddenly left him, all is safe.
The tv show couldn't hit the basic ice and fire points well enough. They have no time or desire to craft intricate valyrian tinfoil that only this sub would pick up on.
She exploded, but she also didn't, because she can't.
Yeah; BB said something along the lines of "the lad just wanted to rest his arse; though it is an uncomfortable chair, as he likely realized".
I think she would have realized it still. There's probably only a tiny handful of people who are allowed audience with her without her guards present, and none of them but Jon can be imagined as doing it. She wouldn't have to see him to know, and it would probably be even more painful that way.
He only had access to her in the first place because she trusted him. He was there under false pretenses. If he were open about being someone who opposes her rule, he never would have been allowed more than 20 feet close to her without 5 guards present. That said, I get why he did what he did. But it was not "honorable" by any stretch of the imagination. He swore his fealty to her, and by taking advantage of her trust and killing her, he betrayed that. At the end, it all goes back to Jaime's cynical pondering of oaths. You can "be honorable" and not do the "right thing", and you can disobey your vows, yet save countless people (though what they did with Dany was crap, the way it was, you can't fault Jon for it). So what is the "right thing", if not even your endless oaths can decipher that for you? That said, you still can't argue that what Jon did was "honorable", in terms that Ned would put it in. To Ned, wise and honorable would be realizing that Dany essentially has nuclear weapons, no history record of playing by the rules as that's seen in Westeros, and being weary of strongly associating with her and swearing her vows of fealty in the first place. Though then again, Ned made exceptions to his own rule, and ironically, the exceptions were similar to Jaime's, revolving around protecting innocents, with Ned especially innocent children.
&gt; That kind of inbreeding would have a much worse affect on the child than alcohol. Actually it doesn't. Look up what's "Fetal Alcohol Syndrome". Besides, contrary to popular belief, incest isn't *that much* of a big deal unless it's compounded and continued throughout multiple generations (Targaryen-level incest IRL = bad, Lannister-level incest, not really that notable. Joffrey was likely a cunt cause he grew up as an entitled shit that Cersei enabled, and not because of his genes). Incest in any form is taboo more because of the Westermarck effect, which is a psychological effect which makes most people by rule not attracted and even repulsed by the idea of having sex with their siblings, and less because of rational consideration of genetic defects, because the genetic defects do not really happen after only one generation. The whole recessive genes fuckery needs more than one iteration to actually become an issue.
&gt; whereas siblings — especially twins — will have genetical defects no matter how far back the inbreeding goes in your family. Twins of the opposite sex are not genetically more similar than just regular siblings, because they're dizygotic twins. And yeah, even for siblings, you need a few "my grandma and my grandpa got their freak on too" history as to speak of a high likelihood of serious problems caused by interbreeding.
Tommen's complete bumbling incompetence when it came to addressing the Faith Militant shit made people say it made them miss Joffrey, and that's saying a lot. Say what you will about Joffrey, but Joffrey would *never* let a bunch of raving fanatics imprison and then drag his naked mother through the streets. I mean I get it and all, Tommen was probably traumatized by all the shit he was in the background for, was basically raised by a cat, groomed by a manipulative bitch, and still fairly young and just in general lost, but then again, he didn't even seem upset or like he wanted to make an effort to free Cersei. I think that was a big insult to her too. If I were Cersei, I wouldn't overly cry over his death either tbh.
Bobby B , that's why it was never gonna work. What did Lyanna say when she heard you fucked the Riverlands girl?
Yes, because she wanted to be buried here. If you truly loved her, you would have known these things about her, Bobby B.
As practical advice, I think different phrasing may be helpful here. If you feel strongly about people getting it right, instead of saying "I'm mixed" (when you're bringing it up), you could try saying, "oh, my mother is x, and my father is y"; that way they can't really make wrong assumptions based on vague phrasing.
I was specifically addressing OP's issue. She claims she's uncomfortable to be presumed an effectively white girl who maybe had a Native American great-great parent, and for that scenario, being more specific helps. "Mixed" is rightfully understood as vague and nebulous, as her example shows. Mixed? Okay, but... what am I supposed to do with that information? And especially when people sometimes use it to mean "oh I had a great-great-great parent who was x", and I assume you'd agree that person's life experience is different from that of a person who has parents of different races/ethnicities. Not that it's your obligation to explain it, but if you're the one bringing it up, and you choose that word, then obviously there's a high likelihood of people incorrectly assuming something, precisely because it's a wide term.
&gt; I have done a lot of reading into this and have spent hours talking to doctors about it. And you don't think there's a wee bit of danger that you're cherry picking what you pay attention to, or that the doctors might even purposefully be blase about it because they want people to donate, and in their minds, it's weighing someone's death with someone else's discomfort and *potential* issues and complications. Doctors don't exactly see the thing with the same eyes as the recipient or someone who cares about the recipient does. Doctors have their balance skewed; depending on which doctor, but people not uncommonly die on their hands and someone having their lifespan somewhat shortened or someone being in pain or exposed to smaller risk of medical complications are very "meh" things to them due to what they get compared to in their head. They're not "meh" to the person experiencing them. Obviously that the doctors want you to donate, and obviously that they're biased towards the organ recipients. To the doctors, you and the person without a kidney are of equal importance; if they could save their life while putting you in pain and risk of complication and shortened life-span, they're gonna still advocate for that. They're not there to have the back of the donors. Anyone who spoke from the POV of personal interest for the potential donor would tell them that the only way it really makes sense to agree to something like that, from a basic self-preservation standpoint, is if you have a strong emotional interest in the health of the recipient (i.e. they're family, or a really really close friend etc.) Otherwise, don't fix it if it's not broken. It's not a toy car, it's your fucking body; don't gamble with it.
Wow, only six months. /s I wonder where the people willing to do this for complete strangers live. To my mind, it's honestly not kindness; it's insanity. Like, unless it were done for someone really close to them, just based on known psychological cliches, I'd make a bet that their parents were shitty to them and now they're perpetual doormats in basically all areas of their life. Those people are the easiest to prey on regarding anything.
&gt; but if she's family then you have a moral obligation Nah. And by that I mean, you're the asshole.
Low risk to ones health should still be taken seriously. You're being completely blase about it. Risk it for someone you love and would be devastated if they died, sure, but for a complete stranger, or someone you don't know or feel close to other than them being a bitch to you? I'd honestly question the person's sanity. And my main point was that while doctors are a good voice of authority on the facts in question and qualifiable and quantifiable risk, at least in vacuum, if they're passionate especially about organ donation because they see people in need of it a lot in their practice, there will be a subconscious undercurrent in their attitude toward it that will slant biased toward the benefits to the receiver, and away from potential harm to the donor. So "doctors say it's super safe and easy and there's nothing to worry about" isn't a particularly reassuring argument as a blanket thing. I doubt they'd specifically lie about the risks if directly asked, but a lot of people don't ask directly; they just rely on the doctor's attitude for risk assessment. I wouldn't trust any doctor personally invested in lobbying for more organ donation that the risks are accurately assessed and represented, especially in terms of emotional weight of it.
No, of course. That's necessary and should be in place and it's good that it is. My point is that relying on the doctors' *attitudes* about the risk should not be what one sees as sufficient reassurance the risk involved isn't significant for them. Doctors who see countless patients die, especially if they see people in need of organ donation die, will even subconsciously try to emotionally minimize the risks for the donors. It's a fundamentally different perspective, and even one of conflict of interest; they're concerned with life/death for the recipient, and the donor is and should be concerned with subsequent quality and longevity of their life. Like, you think the doctor who sees a lot of patients die on dyalisis cares that you *might* end up going into kidney failure later in life and be SOL without a spare kidney, when they have someone else who factually right then is in the position of dying of kidney failure? You, on the other hand, should be seriously concerned with the potential of that.
It is bird seed. It is misguided for humans to take it.
It's almost as if people perceive it differently when someone sticks up for someone else (altruistic, benevolent), versus when they stick up for themselves (expected, protection of self-interest). That said, there's nothing wrong with protection of self-interest.
&gt; and I wish more people would understand why POC are upset with this... I think a lot of people can get the basics, but from an outsider perspective, it's genuinely ultimately so myopic. So they did something relatively morally questionable and distasteful. They're still a brand with marketing and shade range and what-have-you that's extremely POC-friendly, and "cancelling" them just cause they've upset you is fundamentally dumb and counterproductive to your own bottom line. It's a common thing, in general, if you look at any niche; people within the niche will start to bicker over ultimately meaningless shit in the wider, big-picture sense, to the degree that the power of the entire niche weakens when seen in the larger ecosystem. It's sorta "losing the war" because people get too busy fighting low-level battles between themselves. All the black influencers that are "cancelling" JP are only concerned with their own personal feelings and butthurtness, and are doing the exact opposite from what would be successful "activism". The right thing, big-picture-wise, if you care about options and representation and all that nice stuff is to support one of the most high-profile companies whose success ultimately aligns with what you want to see. But no, they got personally offended, and the crowd always likes its tea, so you basically get people shooting themselves in the foot. If you can get past the visceral disgust of them associating with J*, and actually look at the consequences of it, you'd see that a POC-friendly, and evenmore, a POC-centric brand getting a lot of recognition is ultimately a good thing for POC in makeup, whether you like the company personally or not.
&gt; ESFJ - always keep the convo lighthearted, they like talking about current events a lot. **If they feel they are being attacked they will shut down and lose all function** The anecdotes thing is very true, but in my experience, ESFJs don't really get pushed in submission that easily; they kinda flip out passively-aggressively instead, and if there are other people to be drawn into the issue, they will draw them in and try to get them "to their side". The whole "shutting down" is more ISFJ, but ISFJs will still complain about you to someone they trust will side with them. Both types would fundamentally look for some sort of response that's like "I am not wrong, right, the other person is wrong?", they'll just be more E or I with how they go about it. &gt; ISFJ- so altruistic, easy to spot them in school, the girls who stress about their homework, yet they are so polite and shy to everyone. Their kindness shows in every action they do. The most considerate people. In terms of support and work ethic, they make the best mothers and fathers hands down. Genuinely put others before themselves. This is mostly true as a rough sketch, though honestly, I have an ISFJ grandmother (who isn't particularly worse than the average ISFJ), and that told me I'd never want to have an ISFJ mother. It depends what you need from the person parenting you. In terms of like the daily grind, yeah, ISJs are the best, but in terms of N or F-type development, for other types they don't tend to be very helpful there. edit: There's also this issue with ISFJs, that for all the nice things they do, they sorta expect to be reciprocated in other currency. Like they're not saints; they do do it because in the end, there is something in it for them. Being generally liked by the people around them is how they get by for their other needs. Which is not exactly unreasonable; it's not like they need to be bigger doormats than they already are, but it can seem kind of backhanded, because these demands are rarely made outright. An ISFJ will need some things back from you for "all that they do for you", but you won't necessarily know what because they'll never state it outright, they'll just have it as a nebulous expectation that they'll turn passive-aggressive over if it isn't met. &gt; ISTJ- when it comes to family, they are just as caring as the isfj. Extremely reliable people, they can be unexpectedly hilarious when they let their guard down, very unique sense of humor. The humor thing is interesting, and I've noticed it being "a thing", but more the other way around. At least in my experience, ISTJs don't really have a weird humor in terms of them joking themselves (the ones I knew more like retold jokes someone else told them that they found really funny), but they do occasionally laugh at some really strange shit. &gt; INFP- depending on if the person, some are always caught off guard daydreaming and they are so nice and adorable, others put their personal values before anything, think they are right about everything, base relationships on if they feel their little world of values is perfect (for example one person completely cut off someone bc they had opposing political views) btw I think only unhealthy and childish infps do this This is pretty much on point, though I think the "nice-and-adorable" and the "self-important jerk" often enough overlap as different aspects of a single person. &gt; ENFP- they are like infp on crack, lol jk. Healthy ones are very very kind, make friends with just about anyone, genuine with other people. Unhealthy ones actually act like crackheads I mean there's more to be said here, but you're not particularly *wrong*. Though instead of "crackheads", I'd sooner put it as like an "acid party boy/girl" type stereotype, if they don't have a grip on their wheel. &gt; ENTP- based on personal experience, I’ve known mature ones and immature ones. The immature ones are definitely a lot of fun to be around, however it’s common they make very impulsive decisions leaving that fuck up their lives and their relationships. They are smart, good at lying and have bursts of charisma and charm. Mature ones have the same mental capabilities but they choose to act more grounded and focused, these are the ones that make good careers for themselves. Entps sometimes act very blunt but deep down I notice they really care about their loved ones, they try to give them a good time I think the one thing with ENTPs, at least for me, is that they're just emotionally...weird. &gt; ISTP- the ones that aren’t your friend are the quiet serious faced guy in the corner with a small group. If you’re friends with one, you know they are definitely a lot of fun to be around. Great humor, they don’t get offended by much at all, their only problem is you cans really get into their heads. They don’t like to talk about their emotions at all, and the last thing they will do is put themselves in a situation where they have to commit and invest into something or someone they find is out of their comfort zones. They are at their best when they tell you they don’t give a fuck, it makes me wonder why I gave a fuck ISTPs are chronic "no feelings in conversation pls", yes, but the standoffish thing depends on multiple factors. I feel like you're talking male ISTPs more there. Female ISTPs tend to be oddly approachable, and kinda seem eager to be seen as "bros"; they give less of a cold vibe, and more of an awkward one, which is probably some weird Fe-inf + gendered socialization thing. Though don't confuse it, still just as "F-what" as male ISTPs when push comes to shove. Source: I know a very high number of female ISTPs. I'll do the rest later if I feel like it.
Honestly, just leave him be. INFJs also don't have a magic wand to make other people talk about their emotions; all they basically have that other types don't is a good radar for sniffing out what's going on emotionally (which, to be entirely fair, could lead to them asking the right questions as to trigger emotional spillage from the other person), but in your case, there's no detective work needed. Just let him grieve and process on his own time. He'll come to you when he's ready. Not everyone needs to "talk it out" to feel better, especially if they're just now in the process of wrapping their head around it themselves.
As much as I like/respect INFJs as a general thing, I feel like you're overstating it a bit. Yes, it's true, they have better developed emotional intelligence than most types, but they don't really have *both* aspects of it equally developed. By both aspects, I'd say there is a distinct difference between "Fe empathy" and "Fi empathy", and some types need one more than the other, and some only react to one well, and not to the other. Say, I could think of types and situations and specific emotions in response to a certain situation where an INFJ would royally fuck it up, because they got *something* was wrong, but they sorta missed the point of *why*, but an INFP or even an INTJ would read it better and know what to do. That's not to say Ni-Fe isn't quite cool, and they do pick up on *a lot*, but it doesn't equate to always having a perfect response to everything. They can learn, though. If it doesn't pan out in one case with one person, they'll try to "troubleshoot" and they might get it better the next time around. Edit to expand: See, that thing you mention, how they're often dubbed "counselor" and stuff kinda reveals where their weak spot there is. In my experience, the biggest aspect of empathizing that INFJs sorta just don't do is *commiserating*. They rarely posit themselves as if they're on the same ground as you, like "hey we're two mortals, and life just sometimes sucks". Idk, there's a weird sort of emotional arrogance to their processing of emotions vs how they see others' processing of emotions, similarly to how INTJs are often accused of intellectual arrogance. When you feel like shit, they're rarely like "hey, I also sometimes feel like shit; I know how you feel, I'm sorry", they're more like *busts out book on emotional regulation* "so, where are you going wrong in these steps?". They have this issue where they can't just sit with their own or someone else's emotion and just *feel it*; they compulsively want to *fix it*. And this can come across as unhelpful to people who don't really want their emotions fixed, they want their circumstances fixed, and if you can't do that for them, they'd prefer commiseration and just someone being like "it's okay; your emotional response to this is perfectly okay". INFJs, with their tendency to directly try to fix the emotion itself can end up "invalidating" (god I hate that word) emotions as some Fi types see it. Some people don't really question whether or not the emotion they feel is appropriate, and INFJs with trying to "turn your frown upside down" can make it seem as though they're implying you're incapable of emotionally responding correctly to shit. Sometimes shit just sucks, and there's no brighter side to look at. Sometimes, the only way for it not to suck is to fix the thing that sucks, and not to alter your emotional response to it.
Don't get me wrong, I like INFJs. It's just what you said: every type has its weaknesses. For me, there are "emotional blind spots" I see with INFJs, though I'm sure that's true for them when they look at me too, and probably in a more significant way. But they aren't "perfect" about it for every situation and for every type.
For the middle paragraph, at least for me, the resolution just isn't that high. Like, to me "I know how it feels when something sucks; I found myself in a darker emotional place at some point, and it's okay when that happens sometimes" is honestly precise enough even without "the thing" being identical. I don't have a particularly differentiated spectrum of emotion, at least as I explain it to myself, it mostly comes down to good/bad. It really is sometimes as simple as "I know how "bad" feels, and it's understandable that's now happening to you". Idk honestly *why* it helps, but it just does. Maybe Fi users have that thing where they feel isolated in their experience of emotion, not like it's an "oh, people have feelings; that's a common observation" Fe thing, and it feels intimate to show it to someone trusted and for it to just be seen for what it is and accepted, and you just feel better because you had a positive intimate exchange over it with someone. Idk really, honestly.
Not that I really had a sexual relationship with one, but I talked a lot to one of them that was kinda half-open about it and half-transparent in a way that you could Ni what she's like based on other emotional stuff and general behavior with her partner (it was also kinda weird, in my experience with her, that while she was probably above-average open about it, it was also "curated" to present a certain image of her even if it wasn't necessarily lying. Just sorta deceptive cherry picking, if you will). Honestly as a generalization, from what I gather, they kinda err on the submissive side, and I also think they're quite experimental, though they won't necessarily be forthcoming about it because they don't want the judgement of it projected onto the rest of their personality. And welp, this is probably one of the weirdest/creepiest comments I made, but I have opinions on it precisely because I found the deception/shame about it kinda interesting, and I had other ways of verifying it wasn't exactly as the person was painting it, and because it extends far past "what they're like in bed" to most aspects of their personality. ENFJs are in general the epitome of "fake it until you make it"; you're not really going to get to know one by listening to them talk about themselves (it's gonna be misleading even) but rather from observing them, and as independently from what they're directly telling you of themselves as possible.
Daenerys in the show is not a typeable character. She just doesn't feel "real" enough, and there's not enough internal exposition as to really say anything. She feels like an empty shell that's performing what she seems to think she's supposed to be; she doesn't feel "strong", just like someone who was told or knows is supposed to "act strong", etc. It feels like the showrunners maybe sorta ran a bit too far with the whole "Targaryens are mythical demigods" vibe and ended up not really making her... human. I could maybe type aspects of her sorta, like if I dissected out some of her decisions/declared thoughts, I could say "well, it sounds like something x type would say/do/think", but I can't really do it consistently for her entire character. I'd actually argue show Daenerys, if anything can be said at all, suffers from a personality disorder and does not meaningfully represent any healthy personality archetype. But that might also be shitty character writing + somewhat questionable acting. Her actress thought Daenerys was supposed to be a good hero figure up until near the end, FFS. It's so obviously abundantly clear that's not what she was supposed to be (both in the books, and when you look at the events in the show objectively), that that in itself sabotages it. Cersei is an ESTJ. Like she's obviously, clearly a Te dom in a world where a woman is not supposed to be a Te dom and her whole spiel about how "her best weapon is between her legs" is her doing Te through what you might call "Fe role" because she often could not do it directly. Though whenever she could, she did.
No. I'd still run with that in my head myself, like I wouldn't tell myself "well, but it says 100 on the paper; it's 100"; I'd be aware for myself that it's worth less points and that there's a mistake. I don't see the point of bringing it up; it would even be inertia in a sense; I just wouldn't see a purpose to it.
Do you understand supply and demand? She bought &gt; 500 lipsticks, which means the stores will have to stock up faster due to her purchases so that other people can buy more lipsticks, which means more lipsticks made, and more plastic waste generated, etc.
You're still not getting it. God, it's like you think production and stocking exists independently of demand. If 500 lipsticks get sold (especially in bulk for a superfluous purpose, and not them going in a regular fashion to customers with normal spending habits), then another 500 will get produced (at some point, inevitably) to replace them and to go to the regular consumers (spoiler, if she hadn't bought the 500 lipsticks, then the already existing 500 lipsticks would have served that purpose. This way, they have to be *replaced*). The restock will have to happen sooner because there's more lipstick missing, faster, and that's extra resources and waste. That getting through to you at all? I don't even care about this, but being so dense about it stupefies me.
Exactly. Ironically, what you were arguing was going along the lines of what I was arguing; this person doesn't even know what's her own point, lmao.
Please don't forget to restock on your passive-aggressive smileys, cause you'll soon be running out :) :) :)
It's not that not having the degree means you definitely cannot be competent, but you can't *verify* by any external objective measure someone is competent either. The unfairness of poverty (and lulz for referencing that in a context with Kylie Jenner) aside, if it's between trusting someone with a degree in a relevant field, and someone without it, the safe/rational thing to do is to trust the person who has proof of passing certain barriers to entry.
I think there's a difference betweeen not judging someone for their lack of education, and pretending they're verifiably equally competent and knowledgeable as someone with a certain degree, respectively to a certain field. "You are a lesser person for not being college-educated" is obviously shit, but "I'm gonna trust verified experts with objective credentials over someone without much formalized, standardized education in the field" is extremely reasonable, and especially when it comes to topics that touch on health. This sub is fervently against KVD, for example, over the vaccine thing, but she's someone who "educated herself independently", going against the opinion of experts. So would I be bigoted for deferring to health professionals on the issue, as opposed to someone who spent a day googling something they're unfamiliar with? Would you go to a doctor if you were ill, or would you listen to someone who was like "I couldn't go to college, but I did my own research about the human body, I swear". And I'm not saying someone without a degree can't be educated, but it's not really a verifiable and trustworthy thing. And popularity is not a measure of truthfulness or reason, it's just a measure of emotional comfort.
Lol this is not cliche at all; considering the two of them in contrast and proclaiming one is "badass and inspiring", and the other not. /s I know people like to be contrarian and all, with their eye-rolling Sansa circlejerk and her ~agency~, but she's genuinely a sheltered idiot despite not being that sheltered, and she did literally nothing to inspire respect or even a vaguely positive opinion of her. Other Starks have, you know, done shit. She's a pawn on the board; others move her and use her for her name; she doesn't do shit herself. Just because she dyed her hair and is pretending to be someone else *guided by Littlefinger* doesn't make her have any more wits or substance about her, but people will go "wow, she's concealing her identity; what a political mastermind", because that's how pathetic your straw-grabbing needs to get in order to defend her and her "smarts".
5 days late, but welp. &gt; INTP- sigh all I’m gonna say is an intp made me question my entire existence lol. Not easy to get to know or to get along with. Once they feel comfortable with you, you are the lucky one. They have so much to offer, smartest type imo, usually right about most things, you cannot beat them in a debate, their logic crushes everyone but the intj maybe From an INTJ perspective, if you'd like one, the thing with INTPs is that they're the ones that are the most airtight methodically when it comes to "figuring shit out" (i.e. the whole Ti-Ne means they're kinda immune to jumping to conclusions and relying on common biases, which is what makes them "smarter" than the average person), but the down side to it is that they kinda just lack what INTJs would probably consider "common sense". Now, "common sense" can be bad; it can be "common" without the "sense", but sometimes there are just certain things where Ni-Te *screams* "yeah, that totally makes sense, that's how it is, all of it adds up to that being it" but an INTP is just sorta "??? there are other options ???". Yes, dear INTP, there *technically* are, but they're much much less likely, and in practice, the relevance is about zero. They're smart but they're not practical. How much you value it depends on why you want to be smart. INTJs have an appreciation for intelligence for intelligence sake, but only about half of it is that. The other half is "being smart means having a better grip on the reality of the world around you and it makes navigating life easier". INTPs lack that component, so INTJs might have certain qualms on that basis when it's proclaimed INTPs are the ultimate supreme smartest type. The least wrong, and the most divorced from common mental pitfalls? For fucking sure. The most functionally smart? Ehh, that depends, and it actually depends a lot on their field of study. An INTP randomly INTP-ing for a living without studying something with an indirect practical application actually has this quite low. &gt; &gt; ESTP- so fun to be around. The ones that portray themselves as douche bags and are addicted to drugs and sex are the unhealthy ones I suppose. The healthy ones are the ones that make life feel like an adrenaline rush, being around them makes me feel alive. Some bad things about them is that they are so good at meeting new people and they are very aware of their surroundings, yet they always miss a huge details, also tend to act very impulsively. Best friend with an estp ESTPs are cool and fun, but there is a sinister catch to it -- they're kinda emotionally retarded. And I'm really not trying to be mean-spirited here -- hell, I'm probably emotionally retarded in my own way, but ESTPs have an issue with cognitive empathy, loyalty and stability, which all basically comes down to the same thing, as the function people would say it, "lack of Fi". An ESTP will get swept up by the crowd, and if the crowd is bad enough, there's little to keep them from doing some really morally abhorrent shit that you cannot explain to them why it's abhorrent. &gt; &gt; ESFP- like the estp, except they have a sensitive core. Less likely to have the bad boy stereotype; can be surprisingly caring and supportive. Unlike some estp’s, they are extremely perceptive of other people’s cues, the usually don’t talk about it though &gt; I don't have that much experience with ESFPs, but I think the ones I met were just easy to talk to. I like that they aren't two-faced in any way, they're very "what I say is what I mean", and I appreciate that. &gt; ISFP- I think I’ve only known two. Very easy to get along with and we noticed how similar we are. I have an unhealthy isfp friend and he complains a lot about things, also extremely self centered. His world literally revolves around him. But he is still a little bit immature, if he stopped smoking so much weed, maybe he would wake up from this. I suppose i can also seem self centered, I’ve caught myself acting in this behavior a few times before, but obviously isfps aren’t the only ones like this. I consider myself a very insightful person, that is on reading other people. I think I have a knack for seeing noticing people’s mentality. Like I could look at someone and based on their behavior and vibe I could guess what they are really feeling under the surface. I’m extremely spontaneous, my friends have told me that I am the worst communication when it comes to making plans, I always make my decision on what I’m doing last minute. The way I use Fi seems different than that of an INFP. For me, my biggest problem is when someone is not genuine with you, it’s the fastest way to make me dislike you. If you put me in a room of people I don’t know I probably won’t talk. Another thing I noticed, I rarely made friends by talking to people, it was always through some shared activity. ISFPs do participate in the classic "I'm a J with three P friends, help" issue (btw, that's autobiographical), but again to me, mostly easy to talk to. They say what they mean, and they mean what they say, though there is one thing, and it's maybe more common in women, where they do some variety of "If you can't say anything nice, then don't say anything at all". Like, they won't directly lie about how they feel about someone, but if there's a reason to not be open about it, they can leave it on the shallow "yeah, they're fine" and they'll still smile at the person and be polite and the whole kit and caboodle. They'll especially do this with like family, or friends of friends, people they don't really want personal ties to, but they can't sever ties either, and they possibly don't want to offend the person that is the tie between them and the third party. I don't mind this type of "fake", because I usually think the reasons are justified, and because I can totally tell when they're doing it, which is weird, since for real "Fe users" I can't other than assuming they're always doing that by default. &gt; ESTJ- some of the best coworkers. Friendly conversationalists and intelligent at their job. Known for keeping it real, they can deliver it in spectacular fashion. I don’t get along with most only because they seem too focused on efficiency. I’ve known some to be extremely imposing, backstabbing and controlling, also complete and utter insecure assholes. (Unhealthy estj) ESTJs have an issue of anti-intellectualism, which is really unfortunate for a Te dom. Honestly, if you ask me, ESTJs and ESFJs are why people still argue whether "global warming is a real thing". &gt; &gt; ENFJ- extremely altruistic, outgoing people. Bold with their ideals. Always aspiring to improves themselves and others &gt; Ooh, we're gonna differ here. The most notable trait of ENFJs, as I've noted it, is manipulativeness and lack of identity. Pretty much go read up on what's BPD, then imagine that in a bit of a scaled down, and strategically concealed, while still being the underpinning way, and you have yourself an ENFJ. Heads up, they're way meaner in their head to you than they are to your face, and when it comes to helping you/harming you in a more indirect way, they'll go with what's in their head. Much like with ISFJs, the altruism isn't courtesy of a saintly grace. They always get something out of it. Think of Fe as "Te applied to people" and a lot of my cynicism when it comes to Fe users will be clearer. Fe users are as driven by self-interest as anyone else, they just pursue their self-interest by controlling their relationships to other people, as opposed to Te users, who try to keep things materially in check. &gt; ENTJ- make for the best coaches/teachers imo. Great sense of humor, the ones I’ve known are relaxed and fun to be with. You can tell by talking to them that they are very organized and have a big dreams and aspirations. I like ENTJs perfectly fine, and I think they're just "me on steroids in a good way", so I doubt I can say a lot of substantial things about them. At least for me, they're amazing teachers/mentors; they have an excellent ability of distinguishing the important from the unimportant, and despite of what you might expect from a Te dom, they can be remarkably patient if they see that you try and that there is progress. &gt; &gt; INTJ- like the entj, you just wouldn’t find them in the same scenarios. Can get a lot out of talking with an intj; similar to the intp, they have amazing perspectives and ideas, except their whole way of processing is a bit different. Like, idk what I can say here that isn't biased, so lets just leave it at that. &gt; &gt; INFJ- have unique tastes in music and interests. Very caring people, will unexpectedly be the first person to help you if you are feeling down or if you need someone to talk to. They seem to have a deep fantasy world like the infp. See, that's funny, and I'm not pulling the "you mistyped the person" card, but in my experience, INFJs actually have a remarkably unremarkable taste in music. Maybe in private, really really private, they have some stuff they've found independently on the side they like listening to, but it's still not particularly obscure (and they're only gonna show it to you if they really, really, really like you). If you push an INFJ to choose something to play at a party, they will pull up the most mainstream, bland, inoffensive piece of music they can think of. And they do listen to this music by themselves too. Source: basically living with an INFJ.
Just do it. It kinda is as simple as that. Make it a "Fi value" if you can; when you need to do something, tell yourself "this is the right thing to so". When I'm low on Te (yay mental illness/es), I usually kickstart it by keeping like a daily entry journal of sorts where I plan stuff out in advance, write down the goal I have for that day, and then just focus on doing that one thing. Another thing that helps: daily routine. Even if it's as simple as just doing stuff every day the same way when you get up in the morning (say, when you get up, you take a shower, you have breakfast, you brush your teeth, etc. in whichever order), just kinda stick to it as a constant thing, and at a constant time too if you can. It primes you into a more roboticized mode, which snaps you out of heavy deliberation between shit you need to get done, and just fucking around for your own pleasure, because if it comes to that, you know who's winning that fight. Best life advice you'll ever get, and that pretty much goes for any type in terms of day-to-day functioning (and this is courtesy of /u/blackalyph, and it's really true) is to pretend you're an ISTJ. When in doubt, ask "what would an ISTJ do?" Fool proof. Though that might be Ni issues more than anything else; if I have 15 things to do, I feel like I have 15 things to do all at once (because that's true when you project it forward) and it gets overwhelming, but with the making notes and the daily tasks, it forces you to consistently take it "one day at a time". It also removes some anxiety, if you have issue with that; you just rely on the "system" that it works; as long as you plan stuff out properly, just sticking to the schedule will get you to your goals and you don't have to constantly recalibrate and ruminate on how you imagine it's all gonna work out by the deadline.
YTA. Honestly, with the whole "but think of how the kids will be confused", it's basically copy-paste from the same old tired "how will we explain the gays to the kids". You're the parent. It's your responsibility. How the world is is not going to cater to yours or to your children's sensibilities. If the older kids ask questions, say things like "most people in love are couples, but sometimes they can be in love with more than one person at the time, and as long as everyone knows and agrees, that's okay". Polyamory aside, because it should not be a basis for discrimination, what you're doing is essentially not allowing your sister's partner to come to the vacation, even though you would, if your sister were dating just one person of the opposite sex and it were "normal". I mean do whatever the fuck you like, but don't lie to yourself that you're not discriminating against her, or that asking her to "not do PDA" when you wouldn't ask others isn't treating her as a second-class-citizen. Of course she told you to go fuck yourself after that one, how did you think that was gonna go? "Oh we love you, and we invite you, but try to make yourself and your partner a tad invisible, pls, because your relationship is offensive to our eyes". C'mon.
&gt; this is one of those times when it's clear that Reddit isn't a representative sample of adults Yes, this is one of those times when it's clear Reddit is exactly as liberal as it personally suits the people to be, and they're not actually tolerant and accepting of benign differences as a principle. &gt; extremely liberal No, you're not. You're maybe a left-center sort of person, but you're not "extremely liberal".
So you "respect" it, but you maintain the right to be on your high horse about it ethically? Morality isn't objective. You can think killing animals for food is wrong; someone else can think it's a neutral action. Someone can think that it's wrong, but find that the effort necessary to make just that one small contribution against the system is too much of a sacrifice for them to make personally. Vegans tend to reduce it to just "hurr durr meat tastes good", but it's not that. It's convenience (and in a pretty significant way), and often health. Vegan diets are healthy, and even healthier than the average American diet *when done right*, but in practice, it's often not done right, because that actually demands a lot of effort, and something bordering on unhealthy obsessiveness with which food you consume. With an omnivorous diet, for most if not all essential nutrients, there are dozens of foods that provide them that you can't really fail to meet your RDI even if you tried (save for iron, especially for women, which is why anemia is a relatively common issue). With vegan diets, there are "problematic nutrients" such as iron, zinc, calcium, omega-3 etc. that *can* technically be obtained, but there's like one and a half foods that have it, and it's ridiculously easy to miss unless you're specifically paying attention. In addition, vegan food is either expensive, or it's time consuming. It can be inexpensive, but then you have to cook a lot, and most people don't have the time and desire for that. It's probably time-consuming either way, since if you want to make sure you're meeting all your nutrient needs, you essentially need to keep a food journal. Most people just don't want to be obsessed with their food to such degree. A casual, not explicitly planned with nutrients in mind vegan diet puts you at risk for numerous nutrient deficiencies. Also, when it's not done right, it's more dangerous than when the "average diet" is not done right (save for obesity, but there are ways to avoid obesity without going vegan). This is why vegan recidivism is so high (84% of vegans do not stay vegan https://www.rd.com/health/diet-weight-loss/vegetarians-vegans-go-back-meat/). That's the most damning statistic in all of it; most vegans do not stay vegan, yet vegans go around claiming it's extremely easy. If it's so easy, why are people already morally committed to it failing? Is it possible in theory? Yes. Is it difficult in practice, enough for someone to just go "I just don't care enough to inconvenience myself in this major way and possibly threaten my health doing it along the way"? Yes. Veganism is a *lifestyle*. You can't hold it against people if they don't want to dedicate a substantial chunk of their life caring about the issue they just don't care about enough as to make it their own personal crusade. It's Your Thing, and that's fine. It doesn't have to be everyone's pet cause though.
I'm coming from the position that morality needs to have an element of practicability to it. This is even imbedded in the vegan definition: "avoid exploitation of, or cruelty to animals, as far as possible and practicable". What's moral/ethical should in practice take into account the logistical issues and costs involved with making the "right" choice. I could tell you more insects would survive, if you'd just get a job you could do from home, and thus walk/drive less and kill less ants that way (hey, also reduced carbon footprint, so good all around), and technically, I'd probably be right, but you'd think the suggestion you should actually do this ludicrous. I could tell you that no matter how much money you make, you should only keep the bare minimum to yourself, and give the rest to the poor, because their suffering is more important than your pleasure, but is it actually reasonable to ask you to do so? It's always a matter of weighing cost and benefit. Does it make sense for us to just go in a circle and morally masturbate over each other's imperfections when it's practically impossible to do everything perfectly? There are countless issues like this, where *technically*, we could behave better than we do, but we don't, because it practically doesn't make enough sense, and because a certain dose of selfishness is inherent in all of us. Vegans have tunnel vision *for that one cause*; why does their cause get an exemption from the reasoning of "I could, but it's against my comfort to give this up", that we use for a lot of other different scenarios? Why do vegans get a pass to trot around on their high horse, when they're still probably driving cars, are probably not all zero-waste and highly environmentally conscious, when someone who gave up driving their car (for example) would not be as lucky if he/she came at people and was like "I'm not saying you're a bad person for driving a car, but you're kinda a bad person for driving a car".
The figure included both vegans and vegetarians. And while I'm not claiming this is a representative sample per se, if you ever followed any vegan influencers on YT, about 90% of those who proclaimed they're not vegan anymore claimed health issues (nutrient deficiencies, digestive issues caused by too much fiber, etc), and in a quite believable fashion as well. Since they have/had youtube channels basically revolving around the topic, I doubt they'd drop veganism just for the heck of it when it was the source of their income.
The thing is, if this is the way you make most of your arguments, it's absolutely understandable why this is going the way you report is going. You did not offer a single argument or example here as to why you're "intelligent", or why you're "right" when arguing with these people, you're just like "being smart and intelligent are good things that I like to think describe me, and it wounds me if others don't share this perception." You're a F type who thinks is good at T, because T often has a positive value assigned to it. That's pretty much the strongest malignant manifestation of F-ness a person can demonstrate - the F so strong it thinks it's T. You're not right and intelligent by default just because it'd offend you if it weren't so, cause, y'know, objective reality exists.
&gt; but basically a lot of people (falsely) believe that logic is an innate personality trait rather than a method of viewing things / a skill. .....so people who are into MBTI? That's kinda what the T/F is trying to get at. I mean, not only that, and not in that much of a clear-cut way, but kinda? "Being logical" is not a personality trait, but having a tendency towards looking at things objectively (or logically) is. And of course, overidentifying with it and believing it gives you magical powers is all kinds of wrong.
It's difficult to now argue this without seeming defensive in a meta sense, but I was not remotely defensive. I have no reason to be defensive, because 1.) I just plainly do not agree that what OP is saying is true, at least in his/her case, and believe it's much more likely that OP is, well, a hypersensitive covert narcissist, as nicely as I tried to put it, and 2.) even if it were true, it's not actually a huge injury or surprise to me that NTs can be arrogant dicks. I'm neither surprised by the possibility of it, nor emotionally compelled to defend myself from that, because I have no real reason to care. You know that line "don't tell psychopaths that they're psychopaths; it hurts their feelings". Well, that. Like, there's literally -12 potential here for me to take a personal injury from this, and thus I have nothing to be defensive about.
Oh, that's the issue. I just don't think you're an INTP, btw. edit: As to expand, the reason that I don't think that is because you hit upon one of my favorite telltale signs for F/T, and that is, in the absence of a clearly declared motivation for something, you presume F and not T, by projection. When motivation is unclear (here for example, why I wrote my comment), T types assume it's a genuine expression of opinion, FJ types presume the intention is to affect other people's emotions, and FPs presume it's a matter of expressing one's own emotions/venting ones own frustrations. Which one did you just presume, and why?
*she
Common sense, but common-er for some types rather than others, and more typical of a straightforward reasoning for some types rather than others. &gt; As a writer, you decide that to continue writing a book-series that has received a decent amount of criticism no longer makes sense since you're not writing it for yourself but for an audience and you need them to enjoy it. Urgh, it's annoying me, so I'd say it's Fe. I mean, I suppose it depends on what the criticism is. If the criticism is something that resonates well with the writer, in the sense he accepts it and agrees with it, and finds he does not have the capacity/motivation to do better, thus having his work no longer even clearing his own bar, then it's a Te/Fi sort of thing. If it's about money, it's Te. If it's about the author still enjoying his writing, and not really finding the specific criticism slashing, but rather the mere existence of it, and feeling anxiety about the wider reception by others, Fe. &gt; As a content creator on youtube, you plan to be doing a certain type of videos, but since that style/type of videos is doing poorly you ask your audience what they prefer watching and change accordingly. Definitely Te. Youtube is a source of income for people who are serious about it; you adjust because you want more subscribers and views and ultimately more money. &gt; As a teacher, you see that a certain style of teaching isn't working so well, so you alter and adapt it (as much as possible) to make it easier for children to learn. Tossup between Te and Fe; you'd need to go into why you care to make the children learn better. For some people, it's a matter of challenge and their own competence (Te), for some people, it's a matter of ultimately wanting to set the children up for success and see them well-off (would be closer to Fe).
Idr labs ones seem okay, from what I've seen of them. I like that they also have the "INTP or INTJ" type of thing too, if you've narrowed it down enough, and need to up the resolution. 16 personalities is trash. That said, none of them are 100% reliable, and a self-reporting test is at maximum as good as the self-reporting itself.
There's a difference between trying to influence someone's opinion, and trying to influence someone's emotions (if you're talking about the FJ/TJ distinction I alluded to, though admittedly I did not separate T into Ti and Te). Fi/Ti is expressing, Fe/Te is influencing. Assuming, through projection, that someone is *emotionally expressing* when the thing is otherwise vague and open to interpretation is Fi shit. And only a really strong F/really weak T user can see something completely riddled with T in content, even if it's not cushioned, and see F from it. I did not say I disliked OP. I did not even imply I was insulted by anything he/she said. I just expressed my *opinion* that the way they were painting their situation was faulty, and I was not buying it. That's ultimately true/false. It's as T as it gets. But nooooo, I'm only thinking and saying that because my deep emotions were crushed by some random punk on the internet saying NTs are jerks (not even personally to me) because he sucks at reality-checking.
Cosigning. I never for the life of me understood why people had a tendency to compare their lives to other peoples'. I mean I *sorta* understand, if it's in a more of a Te sense, like for example, having it on your radar that someone who you work with is doing better than you, and then feeling bad about yourself over it/wanting to improve, but in a more F-ish, personal sense? Blergh. SFJ culture is riddled with that. I think that's a big aspect of why I never understood it.
Experiences can differ, surely, but in my case, SFJs were primarily the ringleaders of the whole "who is better than whom, who found a boyfriend before whom, whose boyfriend is hotter, whose outfit is cuter" etc. ESFPs too, I could see it. I am a proponent of dichotomies more these days, and so I wouldn't be someone to tell you "ESFPs and ESFJs could not be anymore different from each other", but I do think ESFPs are also "surviving" in a climate primarily set by SFJs. There's something to SJs, and especially to SFJs (I actually like ISTJs the most, and think they have all the SJ virtues and little of their flaws, but that's also my personal preference), but yes, with SFJs, there's just this thing where they live in this paradigm of "I must be the best and prettiest in the village, or at least keep a steady spot somewhere in the middle". They're obsessed with their spot in the "social hierarchy"; it's basically like the middle ages with the nobles and peasants, except projected on other things.
*Rhaegar sends his ouchies.*
False, because whether someone does or doesn't say/repeat something has no bearing on whether or not that thing needs to get done. I'll judge it on objective grounds of consequences. I wouldn't be either complacent nor rebellious on principle; I'd do the same thing I'd do without the input of the other person (baring they had relevant information, etc. but for the purpose of your question).
You can intend what you want, but it's ultimately up to your son and his partner to decide how much of an input/access you get. Most grandparents are cool, and parents are glad for their involvement, but you still cannot presume. OP doesn't like how the MIL treats her son; it doesn't even matter why. She's uncomfortable, it's her son; she gets to tell MIL to knock it off.
What you read is "My MIL has presumed she gets the right to get my son to participate in religious practices I did not sign off on". What if OP wants to raise her son without religion? Does her right to not have her son participate in religious rituals override the MIL's "right" to introduce her grandson to Christianity? It sure does.
Fail. I was half-raised by my grandparents.
It's a matter of opinion. Blood ties are at the end of the day quite arbitrary, and I don't think they have inherent importance. The parents have special status because they chose to create a human and take responsibility for it; when you think about it, it doesn't have that much to do with their own parents. The nuclear family is a biological unit; extended family is a matter of social convention.
It is in the ballpark with "not inherently important". It's as important as you decide for it to be important. People you're related to are just as random as any other random person you meet. It's just the universe rolling a dice.
The reason you detected "I came off too strong" over anything else T-related is because you're fundamentally F-oriented. You have a sensibility towards detecting F from the stuff you're exposed to, not T. Typing is somewhat subjective (if you remove the "special test" aspect, which most people here do, and type more as an exercise in patterning), so it's kinda futile to argue over mistype, but you're not anywhere close to a T type in my understanding of MBTI. &gt; I am not saying you are not a thinking type, we both have astronomical egos so I would say we most definately both ARE thinking types. No, that's not how it works. You're an INFP with narcissistic tendencies and "T-leaning" delusions of grandeur. Big fucking surprise.
No. The dollhouse was a gift from OP's father to OP. It's specifically her property, because it's even explained the sister was kept hands-off from ruining it. Just because she's not a child, it doesn't mean she doesn't care about it now. "Meant for a child" is a stupid concept. It was meant for her personally. Yes, as an adult, she probably doesn't play with it, but it's still something her deceased father built for her. It has sentimental value to her for that alone.
I think your problem is your sister has been sloppy trash since you were children, grew up into the same kind of adult, and is now raising her children the same way. Do you plan to have children? Totally cool if not (I personally don't, so don't take it as me being presumptuous), but if you do, keep the dollhouse for your kids to play with. At least you'll teach them to not be animals about it. PS: She's also totally jealous and resentful over that being your dollhouse your dad built for you. She probably remembers she as a child didn't get to play with it, and is probably on some level pleased with her spawn getting to destroy it now.
&gt; She's a huge narcissist, which is a trait I hate. **Maybe I was a bit jealous about all the attention she got**, maybe our personalities were just too different, idk, but I spent the majority of our five school years together by ignoring her. Are you sure she's the narcissist? Btw, obviously just principle-based, NTA. Hell, I hope you do that, because even though it technically doesn't make you an asshole, the people you do invite will notice and will think less of you and that amuses me given that you sound insufferable. :))
No, I mean you literally gave no details or objective description of anything. For example, tell us exactly what she told you to make you cry. These things matter because how it is here now, it's "according to my perception, she's been shitty to me, so AITA for not inviting her", when for certain considerations, it matters whether other people would conclude she was shitty to you if you provided concrete examples of what she said and did exactly. &gt; I don't want to get into too much detail but she loved being the center of attention The detail is important because that's the objective part. You retelling it at low resolution is inevitably going to be even more biased than you at least trying to be impartial about it.
&gt; I don't want to get into too much detail because it would require to explain the project we did to an extent that takes away the anonymity of this post. I really doubt it's impossible to get around this, honestly. There's a middle ground between you giving us your full name and address and just saying "she made me cry" with no attempt to illustrate how. &gt; I feel like the exact circumstances are not important to the question I'm asking now. That's how you feel. It's not how other people here have to feel. &gt; What matters is that I don't get along with her and I want to know whether I'm TA for potentially ruining a tradition we started. No, other things potentially matter too. Like for example, why you don't get along with her. The funny thing is, I do agree that just based on the principle, you're not the asshole cause you get to invite whoever you like. But not all people judge stuff "as a matter of principle", and some of us are just curious fuckers because the way you're retelling this is shady as shit and you're giving off some really weird vibes here. &gt; Please don't get stuck on details now that I've told you that they arent relevant to the question. Lol, shove it. You don't get to decide whether it's relevant or not. There's a reason this sub has the INFO tag. People care about different information when coming to a certain judgement and you don't get to tell them stuff that would probably make you sound bad is irrelevant.
&gt; I'm NOT asking if I'm TA for not inviting her. I'm asking if I'm TA for potentially ruining the tradition my class has started. And I'm trying to get it through your skull that these two things aren't necessarily independent. The answer to one question impacts the answer to the other question.
Maybe you're this &lt;irrelevant bullshit exception&gt;. Look. Banning doesn't mean people can't look at content. Those parents are still welcome to read and browse if they're curious. What exactly can they contribute of meaning? "I support my kid". Yaaay, you? I guess? Hilariously, it's still someone talking about their kid. Adult kid, but heh. What people who want this have an issue with is the whole "well, as a mother, I am a cooool mother, look how cool I am, I agree with you childfree folks" or worse "I am not like thooooose mombies; I discipline my children and don't bring them into fine dining restaurants, listen about my little angels". Like, idk how it's now (it's probably changed) but there was a time when THE TOP POST OF ALL TIME on this sub was an "AS A MOTHER, I SUPPORT YOU" screed. It's insufferable. Parents need to be banned, or at least they need to post in a "don't ask; don't tell" vein, which is what warning/banning for "AS A PARENT" would get you anyway.
I know which sub you're talking about. &gt; I can’t cross post here. Well, that's interesting, now.
Smart-ish ISFJ. Like, smart enough to know your limitations, which is kind of an unappreciated kind of smart that a lot of Ns can also lack. &gt; I don't really care about tradition like a stereotypical Si dom though. This is probably down to an S-ish understanding of tradition. Young people "don't care about tradition" in the way they perceive it *regardless of whether they're N or S* because Ns and Ss fundamentally understand the word differently, that is, Ss understand it more literally and concretely, and Ns understand it as a pattern. You probably mean you're not religious or don't really subscribe to certain attitudes your parents do, but that's literally true for every young person ever, other than ones who are raised in pretty strict cults.
&gt; Now, there are issues with this result (most survey participants were lurkers rather than active contributors), but I guess it's held up as law :/ Yup. Which is exactly what's the issue.
Catelyn is not Jon's mother. You can go ahead and argue she's a shitty person for the treatment of Jon, but not specifically *shitty mother*. She's not his mother.
I'm still on the ISFP train. Your push-and-pull thing between like altruism and the whole "I like treating people fairly" but resistance and resentment of SJWs is kinda like the tug-of-war between FP and S. It's what I told you about idealism; you're F by all accounts, but the S component doesn't let you go Full Retard with the SJW stuff. It also seems to me that you're not particularly interested in *policy* and like T-ish aspects of politics including concrete material consequence; you have a lot of "these people rub me the wrong way, and these people are a bit more tolerable, I guess", which is a more F-ish take on it. And male ISFPs are definitely less at odds with traditional masculinity than say INFPs; your specific view of it is kinda what I'd expect from an ISFP specifically tbh. An ISTJ dude would not really be particularly concerned with identity politics, either positively or negatively, they'd just say "wtf" and move on and they really wouldn't give a fuck about generally appearing kind and all their "I'm nice to people" would be pragmatic and they'd be sterile as hell otherwise; an ISTP Into The Internet would go full Gamergate and like "give me an INFP to strangle" and wouldn't describe himself as straight and cisgendered. You're like the middle ground, I.e. an ISFP. And Moral Absolutism points to S, not to J, especially in Fs. I mean it points *a bit* to J if you already know someone is an NF out of other reasons, but that doesn't apply to your situation.
If means you're an F type. But no seriously, it means people on average suck at typing. Especially since some people take cognitive functions way to seriously/misuse them, and that's if you're lucky enough they get what pattern of thought/behavior is even meant to be conveyed by it. EDIT: Make a typing post and reply here with a link if you want. I can give it a look.
No, you're gonna find a hot piece of Russian ass, don't worry Carrie!
