The Edge-ucation of Rebecca Knox (And for anyone who doesn't get the reference, long before Edge was known by his real name, Adam Copeland, one of the WWE card games broke kayfaybe wide open by releasing a card named The Edge-ucation of Adam Copeland.) I even found a pic! https://d1rw89lz12ur5s.cloudfront.net/photo/velacards/file/f27df110035d11e5bbd8edebe432fc7e/large/118_181.jpg
Dallas is.......... ALL IN. Jon Moxley is about to prove he's a fucking draw by selling out every last ticket left in Dallas, Texas.
I mean, fuck. You already got sooooo many Main Events that you can build out of this one. Moxley vs Okada Moxley vs Suzuki Moxley vs Tanahashi Moxley vs Naito Moxley vs Ibushi Okada, Tani, Naito and Ibushi could main event the fucking DOME against Moxley. Suzuki could main event any other show against Moxley. I might legit cry if Moxley is in a different bracket than Okada and Suzuki UNLESS it's going to come down to Okada/Moxley for the entire G1. (Unlikely, but who knows. Would be FIRE to have Okada win as champion, then choose Moxley for WK, but I don't know if he can guarantee the commitment that far out). I could live w/o Ibushi, Naito and Tanahashi since those would be great 1-off matches he could do in the future if he does some random NJPW stuff after G1, but there's a pretty good chance one or two of them will still end up in the same bracket with him.
At first, I thought both guys were just totally unprepared for the match, but after rewatching it, I think WWE just screwed up putting them across the ring from each other. If Goldberg was going to lose, then pick someone that's going to stick around for a while. Hell, if he didn't want to lose to anyone that wasn't a big name, then go with AJ or even Orton since he's still part-time and can put over someone else. I guarantee Orton or AJ could have gotten a decent match out of Goldberg without him having to work so damn hard. Undertaker already had a feud with Elias built up. That would have been a better match and it's not like Elias is setting the world on fire. Having him lose to Undertaker would have kept him right where he is -- midcard purgatory. Goldberg vs Orton or AJ could have main evented. Hell, they could have Main Evented with Seth vs literally anyone with drawing power. I wouldn't have even been mad for them to do Goldberg vs Seth with Brock teasing the cash-in and Goldberg assisting Seth after the match. That would have been a little storyline continuity.
That's like a fucking ELEVEN on the 0-10 Ibushi Neck Bump Scale. HOLY SHIT. I hope he isn't seriously injured.
Uh....um...
Shota got straight up owned by Moxley, but now everyone knows his name. This is one HELL of a way to put over your opponent after you beat the fuck out of them. Moxley is a genius.
The company that made the t-shirt is fucking stupid for using that logo. It's just some damn motorcycle company. Taker probably didn't even pay attention to it.
After today, I'm not sure Ibushi will be seeing Ibushi for a while.
WWE is not at late stage WCW, but we are firmly in the middle of 1999 WCW. 1998 was a high point for WCW and a good redemption following the screwed up ending to Starrcade 1997. In 1998, they moved away from Hogan, put the title on Goldberg, and let him dominate all the way to Starrcade. Goldberg defending against Nash was a huge main event, and well worthy of their biggest show of the year. Nash was over. Goldberg was over. The NWO's influence had started to wane. They were right where they needed to be. The ending of Starrcade 1998 wasn't the greatest choice, but Goldberg had to lose the streak eventually and having Hall screw him out of it with the Cattle Prod was a way to set the stage for an explosive 1999 with Nash as champion and Goldberg chasing for his second reign. Then something went horribly wrong. They started 1999 with the Fingerpoke of Doom, had Nash basically GIVE the title to Hulk Hogan, and reunite the NWO. Instead of giving Goldberg a title shot, he got bumped over to a feud with Hall since Hall was the one who hit him with the Cattle Prod. Hogan decided that his new title was SO important that he didn't even defend it at the first PPV in 1999. Hogan started feuding with Flair. Goldberg floundered and wandered off to aimlessly feud with other people instead of getting his title shot.. Things were never really the same again after that. That's where we are right now in WWE, except they have no hot star to move the title to. Kofi was great for the title chase, but it was a novelty reign at best and now he's feuding with Dolph Ziggler. Seth didn't get a proper build towards Wrestlemania because the company was too focused on the Women's Main Event, and now they're making him look like a chump every time Brock shows up with the briefcase. Brock... He's over with the crowd, but Brock doesn't have enough dates on his contract to be a legitimate champion. Seth's feuding w/ Corbin who has worse go-away heat that Jinder Mahal and that's saying a lot while simultaneously feuding w/ a Brock. As far as the worst thing that could happen? I think we're starting to see it, and it isn't happening on Monday Night Raw or Smackdown Live. Their robbing the next generation before they're ready, and ruining their careers because they have nothing for them while they're still figuring out who they are. Guys get good runs in NXT, then fade into obscurity on the Main Roster. Who is going to be left in 10 years to carry the company? Everyone who gets a little traction in the indies gets picked up and they aren't pushing them, so...where will we be in 10 years when they've ruined all the "next big things" and it's time for this generation to retire? That's going to be a noticeable problem before long.
No, I’d be broke in a week and still dealing with him.
Brock’s briefcase tease
Or they just don’t give a fuck about the lower card talent enough to write more than bullet points so it’s the only choice they have.
YouTube likes Explicit Mox Violence
His brand new bromance
Hurt? I watched the man die.
Someone I know just saw Flair there too, in the area
Ryder
Shut your mouth. The gorgeous face of Ibushi shouldn’t be covered by anything but passionate kisses.
The Undertaker character is trademarked. WWE could sue if elements of it are taken and used by him elsewhere. Would they win? Who knows, but is it worth a legal fight?
No
That’s a hard pass.
Only the top babyface can be a badass. The others have to be incredible underdogs
Stomping Grounds: It's basically Super Showdown without Goldberg/Taker so we added some stipulations to a few of the matches. Also, the women will compete.
Back during the 90s, I was watching Nitro in my Dad's bedroom. I had to go in there because his TV had a cable box and mine didn't. It was during the time when Rowdy Roddy Piper was in WCW. My dad walks into the room, looks at the television for a moment, and then proceeds to tell me he knocked that guy out once. I immediately had to know more. It was freaking Rowdy Roddy Piper! What the hell? My dad told me that during the 70s, he was at a show in Georgia with some buddies and Roddy Piper was being an asshole to the people in his section, calling them rednecks, trying to pick a fight, etc. Piper goes to turn around and my dad decides to fold the steel chair he was sitting in and drive it into the back of Roddy Piper's head as hard as he physically could. He straight knocked Piper out. Apparently that led to some sort of brawl with his friends and some wrestlers and his group got thrown out. It was still real to him...that day.
When I get you home, young lady, you're going to find out who THE MAN really is.
He was gold in the live thread.
No, I want Luchasaurus to be a 15x AEW Champion.
I'm not sure this is even an argument at this point. All of the storylines that revolve around the IWGP Heavyweight Championship are amazing. WWE has Baron Corbin competing for the Universal Championship. Case closed.
“Yowie Owie”
No, no, no WWE. You're supposed to be in the middle of WCW 1999. You can't jump straight to WCW 2000 overnight.
"Well you see, you look at me and you look at Roman Reigns..."
This is the wrestling version of “let me speak to your manager”
Those things are rare and worth thousands of dollars. Somebody’s gonna macho it out of the store one day.
Yowie Wowie!
Agreed
I’m more concerned about that being some kind of bar others try to emulate. Ibushi isn’t human, but the next person who tries it might be.
They should just cryo freeze his neck for future generations to study
Somebody call his mama to come give that boy a spanking
Batista was too old
I had Talia/Maruna for so long. I got Maruna from a summon, so I used the free summon a while back to get Talia so I would have an actual twins set. I recently got Sabrina and Shaina so I'm excited to see what the REAL set can do.
A Flair for the Gold!
They’re pushing the power couple
This is one of my favorite segments of all time. Mankind had been beaten to the point that facing HHH was nothing but when he morphed into Cactus Jack? That turned the energy level up to 5000. The fans erupted. Foley’s demeanor changed. HHH lost his shit. It’s the definitive example of how great wrestling can be.
Noooooooooooooo
Thank god WCW never put the World Title on him.
Hurt!
Nothing. The fucking company can't afford me.
Wrestling has always been a business that was built around the performers making the most money possible in the shortest amount of time while working the least number of dates. It's why Hulk Hogan signed with WCW, it's why Hall &amp; Nash jumped ship. It's why loads of guys in WWE wanted out of their contract so they could go to WCW and get a piece of the pie. Even guys who are WWE loyalists would prefer competition. It doesn't matter if you've been in WWE for 10 months or 10 years. Nobody grows up with dreams of being a professional wrestling jobber for the rest of their life making pennies in exchange for possibly not being able to walk when their 55. They want the fame, glory, but most importantly...the really big bank account. They may ENJOY performing for the fans but it doesn't change the fact that they want the financial security that goes along with it, especially when they get older and have a family to support. Even a guy like AJ Styles who was making loads of money on the indies and resisted WWE for a very long time was swayed by the temptation of finishing his career out with Vince and making lots of money in the process. The money was so good that he signed on for one more year. If your a professional wrestler, the smartest thing you can do right now is express interest in AEW. Even if you want to stay in WWE, you literally *have* to sit down with Tony Khan and hear his offer. You *have* to use them as a bargaining chip to get more money from WWE. Thing is, somewhere in that mix, is going to be a guy that AEW considers to be more valuable than WWE. It might be someone like Sami Zayn, Rusev, Cesaro, etc. Someone that has huge potential and a big fan following, but WWE has left them in the midcard instead of pushing them. Those are the guys AEW should target and the guys who are more likely to get a better offer from AEW than WWE. Unfortunately, AEW can only take so many, and if WWE has already ruined their name value by jobbing them out for 5-7 years, then AEW can't bring them in and push them. That's where TNA went wrong.
Uhh. That already happened.
He eave beat the black off some of them
There are so many ways for Ibushi to die in this tournament.
I bet those bullies have never gotten a good nights sleep
All Out seems like a great name for it.
Hong Kong currently
It’s true, but Nash has publicly denied it so that’s the end of the story. #NashToo - We support you Big Kev, whenever you’re ready to open up.
#ArrowClub confirmed
Good guy Sting with that forward
I got chicken pox, it was a rite of passage. What’s this vaccine stuff? It’s chicken pox. You can vaccinate people against that now?
I'm 100% sold on Ricochet vs Joe. This match should be fucking incredible. I can forgive the rest of the shitty card just to see these two square off.
I hate to jinx this show, but it's almost 10pm and there has been NO sign of Shane McMahon outside of his backstage segment with Mean Street Posse 2.0.
This was such a good episode of Raw. Holy shit. I normally just keep Raw on as background noise while I'm doing other stuff around the house, but I found myself invested tonight. I actually sat down and watched the whole thing. This is the first time it's been the main thing I was paying attention to in....fucking forever. Seth's character work tonight was great. He didn't act like a generic babyface that just let things happen to him. He wants a fair match with Corbin and knew he wasn't going to get one with a random ref that Corbin chose, so he made sure NOBODY want to be fill that roll. This is how babyfaces should react. They should be real people. Real people, even if they're good people, don't just sit around with their thumb up their ass while people screw them over. They're going to react. It's only human. Seth's reaction was perfect. The best babyfaces in wrestling history have been badasses that didn't take shit from anyone. That was just the beginning of the character development, but it was well done all around. I'm actually scared I'll wake up tomorrow and find out this was just a dream.
Satan is a pretty cool dude. He hated his booking in heaven so he walked out on his contract and started his own promotion.
But nobody can agree if it’s good heat or x-pac heat.
It’s Vince! Vince was the source all along!
I doubt this reminds anyone of In Your House. Baron Corbin would have never been an acceptable challenger at an IYH PPV.
That seems very fair. Working in Japan is a lot different than drawing eyes to a competitors product in the US. AEW offered to work with NJPW but they couldn’t agree due to the partnership with ROH. NJPW can’t have it both ways. I’m sure AEW would have been happy to let NJPW use guys in the US if there was mutual benefit.
We are all his children
Go massage the big dog bro, it’ll be better
The Lotus and Mox always go together
That bump makes Ibushi look like he's landing on air mattresses every time he goes airborne.
At least he'll have something to talk with Jon Moxley about.
AWESOME TRUTH!!!!! YES!!!!!
I think the perspective is a bit skewed. This may be an unpopular opinion, but John Cena was *not* a draw. Keep your finger off the downvote for a second a hear me out. John Cena's rise to prominence began between Wrestlemania 20 and Wrestlemania 21. After defeating Big Show at 20, he had US Title feuds for much of the year, which included the introduction of the "Spinner" US Championship belt. At 21, he won the WWE Championship and converted it to the "Spinner" WWE Championship. WM 21 was Cena's first big championship win, but he didn't main event the show. That honor went to Batista vs HHH. Between 21 and 22, they had a major shift in the dynamic. Cena was becoming the *top star* so they moved him to RAW, and started building him on the A-Show. At WM 23, he defended against HHH and made The Game tap out. This was a major accomplishment and the first 100% clear indicator that John Cena was the future of the company. He was on the A-Show and he tapped HHH. At WM 24, they further solidified it by having him tap Shawn Michaels. Anyone who had followed wrestling understood that HHH &amp; HBK didn't tap to anyone, so having John Cena tap them both at back-to-back WMs was a very clear sign that the company was firmly built around him for years to come. Here's where it gets interesting. Let's look at the ratings and flip back to 2005 when Cena's ascension began. Raw hit a 4.0+ rating 17 times in 2005. In 2006, after Cena tapped HHH? Raw hit a 4.0+ rating 27 times. If you look at that, then the ratings say Cena did VERY well, except he didn't. There was a lot of interest early in the year, but by the end of the year? WWE drew their last 4.0+ rating on August 21, 2006. They literally went 4+ months w/o drawing a 4.0 rating at the end of the year, which included one of the lowest rated Raw EVER up to that point at a 2.7. You can argue that it was Christmas Day, and that's a valid argument, but the December 26th show the previous year drew 3.7. Blame the 1.0 drop on Christmas Day? I would. It just makes sense...sorta. 2007 is the year where Cena is FIRMLY in the top spot. He's already tapped HHH and at WM, he tapped HBK. They only had 11 4.0+ rated episodes of Raw in 2007. The dropped below 3.0 on a random day in October. Their Christmas Eve show was 2.5, which was lower than Christmas Day the previous year. Okay, so now we're in 2008. Cena's still at the top of the card. How many times did they score a 4.0+ rating in 2008? ZERO. Not a single damn episode of Raw. In fact, they went below 3.0 several times. Cena hurt the company TREMENDOUSLY in 2008. The company rebounded a little bit in 2009. They had 4 episodes of Raw where they scored a 4.0+ rating, but that's a far cry from where they were a few years prior before they started force-feeding John Cena to the audience as the face of the company. So, that's my take. I don't think Cena helped the company. I think the company forced him down everyone's throat and retained the portion of their audience that was willing to stay, while losing a lot of it.
My friend who does a lot of drugs has that same stare. Eerie.
Highly erotic, do recommend
From an era when head and neck bumps didn’t hurt, that’s all.
Probably not a good idea to dance so close to hell when your Mayor is the Devil’s Favorite Demon. Your mayor can literally summon fire on command.
THE BOYHOOD DREAM HAS COME TRUE "Oh wow. Shawn Michaels has done it. He's the new champion." "Remarkable." "Renee garble"
*BRIT DOG
I don't like Lars Sullivan. I don't believe he should be in WWE after everything he said online, which proved he had no respect for women, or anyone that wasn't of the Caucasian persuasion. However, I wouldn't wish an injury on anyone, even someone I don't like. With WWE's overestimation of injuries, he is probably going to return in the Royal Rumble.
Dean Ambrose was a top tier guy in WWE. Jon Moxley is a fucking superstar. The two comparisons can’t even be made. Ambrose was doing what he was told and making the best of the scripts he was given. Moxley is utilizing his own creativity to build the character he wanted to be all along.
Meh. They’ve already turned Smackdown into the perpetual useless B show with the Wildcard rule. I’m sure Fox won’t be happy about getting a shitty taped show so early in the contract and Saudi Arabia isn’t going to want a shitty show without half the top guys. Based on the way WWE has handled things in the past, I expect them to serve their Saudi masters first and risk pissing off Fox, but they may be in hot water with Fox before this show if they can’t deliver the ratings. Sadly, I can’t even watch wrestling on Friday night due to family obligations. I’m one person that will be forced to step back from SD except for the PPVs, and I’m concerned that WWE is going to find that the wrestling audience on Friday night isn’t that plentiful.
He’s whacking the wakanda with a little back door self-luvin. We all do it.
They got like 55 other blonde clones right now.
While I would love to see him tearing it up in NJPW or AEW, I think he would be foolish not to sign w/ WWE. Umaga, Usos and Roman have all be treated like top tier talents, and Rosey wasn't treated awful. The thing is... Jacob Fatu? He's better than ALL of them. He's a legit beast in the ring with moves that are fucking incredible. The first time I saw him wrestle, my jaw dropped. The only thing I'm not sure of is his age. Does he have enough of a career in him to go to NXT for a couple of years, or would it make more sense to get him on the Main Roster immediately? Either path would be fine, but a couple of years in NXT would be nice to get him introduced to the audience.
Drake disguised himself as Carmella and tricked Truth
I would love for this moment to be a catalyst which makes the title feud between Drake and Truth go do a dark place for a few weeks.
He’s the roadmap for being the Jannetty of a tag team
Billy Jack Haynes is so crazy that even wrestling fans think he’s nuts and he has rattled off ridiculous lies for years.
This is just one of his crazy tirades. There are plenty.
After Jinder, I fully believe WWE will whore their title belts out worse than Paige did.
I have no idea why WWE doesn’t do something with him. He’s not my favorite but
Now comes the difficult part... If you're AEW or WWE, do you really want to sign these two? They signed a contract with Impact and after they got a little bit of a push and name recognition, they started whining like babies to get out of their contract so they could go make more money elsewhere. WWE already has enough whiners and AEW doesn't need that kind of negativity. I don't like to see awful behavior rewarded, even if these two are actually decent. This isn't a situation where the roster was jam-packed and they weren't being used... They were literally featured on television every week and promoted as top stars. Fuck, just ride out the contract you agreed to sign. I would love it if Cody was just like "Nah, this isn't how we want people to behave in AEW, so we're not interested."
Matt was Bret, Jeff was Shawn. That’s always been a comparison.
I hope I'm around long enough to see the payoff of this angle when Izzy shows up in WWE and challenges Bayley at WM.
It was one of those fun trivia things that even casual fans knew. One of the first things I did when I got AOL was to start looking up wrestling stuff, and the WWF AOL Chat Room was like *the* place to go for a while. People spammed links to all the budding news sites and what not, so there was plenty of information to go around. Whenever I would go to parties to watch PPVs with people who were just casual fans, someone would usually mention who Kane used to be whenever he came out. At some point, we even popped in a tape of his match w/ Bret to see his ugly mug.
Hey look, WWE finally put a midcard title on a new midcard guy that needs the belt to help build his credibility. What is this booking? It actually makes sense. This can't be right...
Okay, Stomping Ground may actually redeem some of the horrible booking we've seen lately. Balls-to-the-wall match between Joe &amp; Ricochet and a REALLY cool backstage segment showcasing HHH in the role he should be in, with other faces congratulating the new champ like it fucking MEANS something. (And Charlotte for some weird reason, but let's go with it.)
Daphne 2.0
I'm not ready to give up on Drew yet. I think this can be explained away with Shane's interference screwing up his game plan, or the plan they put together not working out. Drew can be "refocused" once he's on his own again, which needs to happen soon. Hopefully they're going to move Shane out of this weird heel wrestler position soon. I could have understood it if they were building to a CM Punk return or something, but at this point, it just feel dumb.
WWE promised new and exciting matchups. Instead, we got Baron Corbin feuding for the Raw title. New? Yes. Exciting? Well, if you like watching paint dry, you might like watching Baron Corbin wrestle. After the ending of the match, we're getting either Becky/Seth vs Baron/Lacey in a Winner Take All or singles rematches at Extreme Rules. On the other brand, we got Dolph vs Kofi. It's not new, but there was a little bit of excitement brought on by Dolph's intense promo. However, that should have been nothing more than a throwaway match to give Kofi a little more credibility, yet it has now spanned two PPVs. Based on the ending, we're probably getting an Extreme Rules match at the next PPV. Maybe even a ladder match, because Kofi jumped over Dolph when he was on the cusp of victory. Joe vs Ricochet was hopefully the conclusion of Samoa Joe's US Championship story arc. They seem to be setting up Ricochet vs AJ now, which I can get behind, and Joe really needs to get out of the damn midcard at this point. He should be challenging Seth Rollins. There's a ready-made feud there based on the fact that Joe once injured Seth. I'd much rather see some banger Joe vs Rollins matches than Corbin vs Rollins. Roman vs Team Shane isn't over. It's going to Extreme Rules and we're probably going to get Shane vs Roman in some sort of stipulation match since Shane can't resist jumping off shit. Raw Tag Team Titles? I mean... Maybe they'll be defended? Smackdown Tag Team Titles? Well, Heavy Machinery got beat. They could do a rematch, but maybe we'll get AOP vs Planet Captains next. IC Title? I don't know? Has anyone even SEEN Finn Balor since Super Showdown? Did he get lost in the desert and totally forgotten by WWE?
I think NJPW suffers in the West because people want to watch live without spoilers, and they can’t do that without rearranging their whole schedule. To those people, NJPW doesn’t feel like a huge deal. There’s no doubt that NJPW is legit but their American expansion got hindered significantly when they lost The Elite. They needed those guys to draw in the US and then let people fall in love with their organic talent once they got to see them. Now, they’re struggling to draw in Dallas, which is a huge wrestling city. That shitty ROH team up in MSG didn’t help.
Yet it looks like WWE set all those feuds up to continue beyond Stomping Ground... Extreme Rules could be... Joe vs Rollins for the Universal with Joe taking his cocky approach to Brock, taunting him to come down, begging him to cash in after he beats Seth while Seth keeps reminding Joe that he has to beat him first. A cocky “I’m already Universal Champion” Joe would be awesome and then a Joe vs Seth vs Brock match at Summerslam would be even better. Joe could walk out of Summerslam with the title by basically outsmarting Seth &amp; Brock, which is his whole schtick. Kofi vs Bryan or Owens to get the title off Kofi. It was a great moment but Kofi’s time has passed. He’s not intriguing enough to be a long term champ. The fact that they got Bryan and Owens sitting there with Dolph vs Kofi as the headliner is crazy. It made sense at Super Showdown but it should have been a one-off match. Put the tag belts on AOP or Heavy Machinery. Finn Balor? Anyone seen Finn? If he’s injured move the title to someone else. What the hell is Bray doing? Can we get him on a show? He’s hot as hell right now with the Funhouse. Give him a damn title and don’t blow it like you do every time he gets interesting. Orton? Did he retire?
I know he lost his shit at some point. Probably him.
Seth turns heel on the internet.
My theory is that it’s related to time travel, either by an alien race or futuristic humans. When we look at space, we are basically seeing a reflection of the past. If someone was across the galaxy with a high powered telescope, they would be looking into our past. They wouldn’t see this technological marvel we’ve built, they would be seeing dinosaurs walking on the earth or the pyramids being built. I believe that the it’s just someone in the future using an advanced technology we haven’t even begun to comprehend yet to essentially look at the past. We see these things darting around but they are just observing through an advanced lens too complex for us to fully comprehend. They’ve probably always been around but we didn’t notice them until we had a lot of planes in the sky. They watched the dinosaurs walk the earth, the pyramids being built, and other major historical events, which is why pilots saw them a lot in WWII. It could be some guy in the future that really likes “primitive” weaponry or even some alien kid doing a book report about a major event on the blue planet.
I'm 100% on board w/ Drew getting that push.
I'm 1000% on board with using Undertaker like this. Put him in a tag match with Roman, because he respects The Big Dog after their WM match, then we build to Drew vs Undertaker for his retirement match?
I'm enjoying it a whole lot. I actually get to see the matches. It has more of a PPV feel than a shitty edition of "as Raw rolls on"
Such an amazing change. These matches tonight have been watchable.
This is normal for all sports events though. If you go to a Football game, you watch the "television guy" walk onto the field, and then everything stops while commercials air on TV. Nothing happens during this downtime, but the fans are rabid when the action gets started again. They fill the time with commercials on the Tron, songs, and a little band action sometimes.
Dana Brooke is getting over by just having matches on Main Event. That is such a strange thing to comprehend. Usually, when people get exiled to Main Event, they are completely forgotten forever.
So is wrestling. There’s opportunity for a break after every match.
But, but, they aren’t making megastars because the BRAND is the draw. Right? Edit: Really? Another STFU about WWE PM? Do you guys not keep records? That’s like the 50th one.
Yeah apparently he’s shit
He’s 1 day late for Tuna Tuesday
Lars?
The REAL Team Hell No (Please Go Away)
3 Bland Mice
Job Squad 1.9
Breast Cancer Awareness Matador
It was truly awful.
You’re right, the rest of the fans just quit on WWE judging by the recent show attendance numbers.
What a jerk.
I had no issue with Seth standing up for his company, I expect the guy who holds a major championship in WWE to give a fuck about his place of employment and defend it.
This is actually a way for Vince to lock down two of the top minds in wrestling that have been able to build wrestling promotions in the past and not worry about them picking up the AEW banner. Side effect, it also locks down Brock who trusts Heyman more than anyone else. It’s really not Old vs New. It’s strategy and a PR move. Business is down and nobody in WWE, including HHH/Stephanie has been able to deliver a storyline to pull the fans back in. Why not give two guys who have proven that they can do that a chance? I love what HHH has done with NXT but he’s unproven on the big stage. Stephanie and HHH are going to be running the entire company one day. HHH will not be able to run all of the shows on top of everything else. Stephanie will be quite busy as CEO. Getting the company to a better place rather than dropping a dumpster fire in their lap is a much, much better move.
Did you really just tattle on someone like a fucking toddler? Man up. Handle your shit.
Pretty sure that was at least a deciding factor in his decision to accept the position. HLA Elite.
Check the message under this one on EC3’s Tweeter.
Bischoff didn’t want to do Thunder. That was Turner Executives forcing him to produce a second show. Nitro was super successful. They even beat RAW for 83 weeks.
Everybody’s side piece
It’s a link to the Tommy Dreamer article
This could very well be the turning point that WWE needs. Vince has united two of the only people who have truly been able to successfully run top tier wrestling promotions under his banner. Paul Heyman is a creative genius. The stuff he did with ECW would still work today. It wasn't just about blood, sex, and shocking violence. Heyman created characters that people believed in. He hid their weaknesses, accentuated their positives, and gave them actual development. You take a guy like Raven, who had never been able to get over, and turn him into a pop culture icon reminiscent of the era. He channeled the 90s perfectly with his grunge attitude and angst, but underneath that was a complicated character that hasn't really been replicated since. Imagine Heyman being able to utilize that strategy with someone like Bray Wyatt who had all the tools, but no booking to push him to the next level. Heyman took Sandman, who was nothing but beer, cigarettes, and a cane, yet he managed to turn him into a character that appealed to that generation. The layers that Heyman built into the Raven/Sandman feud was legendary. He didn't stop there either. He used that to build up Tommy Dreamer, Stevie Richards, and others that wandered into their world with impeccable booking. Raven, Sandman, Dreamer, Stevie -- those guys were pretty much useless to other promoters, yet he made them into superstars. He's also the first guy who believed in CM Punk, when others within WWE didn't believe he had potential in the company. Heyman went to bat for Punk multiple times and look what that accomplished. Bischoff is a little more complicated. His greatest angle was the NWO, but his influence started before that. The NWO wouldn't have worked without him signing Hogan, then getting Hall/Nash to jump ship. The thing is... The NWO was only part of what made WCW successful. Bischoff might have taken the formula for the NWO from NJPW, but he created the perfect foil for the NWO in Crow-Sting, and once he struck gold, he even got a guy like Lex Luger over once his WWF run was a monumental failure by booking him against Hogan. Bischoff might have relied on the NWO to get eyes on his product, but then he dazzled the people who tuned in with cruiserweights like Mysterio, Jericho, Malenko, Guerrero, etc. Bischoff got in his own way a lot of the time because he had gold in Jericho but didn't see it, and didn't utilize guys like Benoit to their fullest potential, but he still had a lot of success in the interim. Vince realizes his product needs a new edge, and I'm willing to take this ride with him. He wouldn't spend the money to hire these two and give them roles in the company which essentially give them more power than anyone else outside of the Board of Directors and his immediate family unless he thought they could provide some insight currently missing from the product.
I don't expect anyone from the inner circle, which includes the McMahon family, HHH, and the Board of Directors, to spill news to the dirt sheets. They would have done that in the past if there was benefit, but they've got bigger media outlets pushing their stories now. They don't need Meltzer to push these types of stories, because they're corporate based. Meltzer is good for angles and wrestling dirt. Sports Illustrated and TMZ will push stories about the inner workings of the company.
How about match, segment, commercial break, come back, match, commercial break, come back, segment, match, commercial break...
It took place at what was essentially an Eastern Championship Wrestling show in Philadelphia, and I don’t think they had anything more than a local television deal at most. The footage is available though. Probably can find it on YouTube
Magic Mike 24/7: One Last Dance
Suit-Rip-Guy
This is the kind of mentality that makes WWE have their lowest attended PPV in decades and Raw/Smackdown attendance less than some indies draw. It’s like someone wrote Vince a script for destroying his company and he’s following it perfectly but he don’t give a fuck because of the Fox deal and the Saudi money. Guess what? If Smackdown is shit, then Fox will cancel the show so fast it’ll make Vince’s grapefruits spin.
Maybe he doesn’t want to hand HHH a dumpster fire. He’d rather HHH take the reigns on a high note so he can get established rather than immediately judged when shit goes south.
Bischoff used to use the cruisers pretty well too.
He sees attendance going down and knows there’s a problem, otherwise he wouldn’t have hired Bischoff and Heyman to help with the shows.
If the put the title on him, I literally won’t watch the show. That’s why.
Stfu about WWE straighty
You don’t just get to ban journalists you don’t like. That’s not how freedom of the press works. National Enquirer has been printing BS stories they made up for decades. Sometimes they’re sorta legit with shaky sources or just outright lies but you don’t get to ban the newsrag from the shelves at Wal-Mart. Brad Shepard is the National Enquirer of Wrestling Journalism. He’s allowed to report his shitty version of the news if he wants. We can choose to read it or ignore it. The minute you start banning shit is when freedom of the press stops being a right.
Shane needs a little Drew McIntyre
You’re right,
It’s all fine until someone wants to ban something *you* like.
It’s easy to laugh and call people names until you realize nobody is there when the shit you care about is getting banned because you didn’t give a fuck about banning the stuff you hated. Can’t see the forest for the trees. Dangerous slope, my friend. Dangerous slope.
Macho Man had such an incredible mind for the business and he truly cared about his matches. He would plan them out at a time when other guys were just like "meh, whatever...let's suplex each other a few times."
Damn, that really sucks. There's like ZERO hype for Ring of Honor. They should at least have a 4-5 person social media team keeping things going on Twitter and posting stuff on Reddit. It feels like you just kind of have to be in the know to even realize there is a ROH PPV these days.
I'm on board with this theory too. It actually makes a lot more sense than aliens in my opinion. Look how far we've come from 1919 - 2019. How far will we be in 2119 or 2219? This is the point in history when everything is 100% documented for the most part. Cameras are everywhere. Everything is digital. There's no reason for a futuristic humans to "time travel" much further than 1950-1960. We've worked really hard to preserve everything, and things are preserved that we don't even see by the world governments. My theory is that time travelers aren't actually "traveling" but rather observing through an advanced technological telescope we don't even have the ability to comprehend yet. For example, if you look into space, your "seeing" something that happened a long time ago due to the speed that light travels. If you could somehow look at Earth from across the universe, you would "see" Earth's past. You might even be able to pinpoint what you want to see with the right technology. The so-called UFOs and other phenomenon are simply advanced technology observing their past.
Yeah, it's kind of weird. Like, when I was a kid, the rule was that I wasn't allowed to come inside the house until it was dark. This started during my first summer of elementary school, so I just wandered everywhere on my own. Once I got a bike, I went a lot further. The only rule was that I wasn't allowed to cross the main highway which was several miles away.
My guess would be HHH and Vince or Stephanie and Vince. It's been reported by a couple of sources that the Smackdown job was offered to HHH, but he turned it down. I'm sure that created some tension. If the opposite is true and HHH was NOT offered the job, then it would create even more tension.
and the acid.
I go all the way to the bottom, but I don't see a place to enter codes. What am I missing here?
Also Steve Austin, but that dude never drew a dime in his black trucks.
Nah, but that was normal for that time period. Parents didn’t want kids playing them dag blasted Nintendos
Staring?
He had to leave WCW because Hogan &amp; Friends dominated the show, as did all of Jericho's friends: Benoit, Malenko, Eddie, Saturn
How is this working for you now? I need a new one and this is all my B&amp;M has.
He's just a Jungle Boy...
You'll get Whitewashed Roman and like it. For a dollar. If you want to see racially accurate Roman Reigns, it'll be $9.99.
I mean, let's face it. If the open bar tickets are locked in a white wedding briefcase, Ric's getting that bitch.
Two pales Usos and a Naomi dipped in black candlewax
Iran did launch 30 rockets at a base which houses US military personnel and civilian contractors. A civilian contractor was killed in that attack. It wasn't a random "Hey, let's to drone-murder this general" -- It was retaliation for their attack.
I was really hoping Liger would get one final retirement match w/ WWE as well, since he was a big part of WCW in the early days of Nitro. It would have been cool for him to have a match on the WM Takeover or the main show.
/r/darkjokes
I feel like we should wait for an arrest or something before we set this dude on internet-fire.
https://i1.wp.com/wrestlinghub.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/EMEhBjFXsAUez_z.jpg?ssl=1
Ibushi to AEW to embrace Kenny after he wins the AEW Championship...then immediately turn heel on Kenny for betraying him and leaving Japan after swearing it was his home. Jungle Express to WWE. That gimmick is just meant for kids and Jungle Boy is Luke Perry’s kid which will be huge on the grand stage. Riddle to NJPW, because bro...Riddle in Japan.
Joe broke all the cameras in the storage area.
Killing Delilah was the turning point for him with Love. He no longer has those feelings for her because she took an innocent life with a sister who relied on her.
The latter. Hulkamania was dead. He was getting booed because the southern wrestling fans didn’t like it. This was an attempt to create truly evil guys and revive it. The brain child of Kevin Sullivan, Hulk Hogan, and cocaine.
Hart Screwed Hart
This is intentional on his part. A guy that spent his whole career being lean, trim and muscular while partying like a rock star every night doesn’t just suddenly forget how to maintain his physique. He said himself he was going to work a heavier, heel, bruiser style in Japan and then he showed up with that exact look.
It’s not surprising. He was always focused on the money versus the fame. He’s not like Hogan who loves the attention and the grandeur.
Their wording makes me believe he wasn’t under contract to suspend. Cutting ties is not the same as terminating a contract. Maybe he was working a handshake deal while he tried to get picked up by WWE/AEW.
She’s been on those stem cells like Edge, who says his neck is now good enough to return should he want to.
That would be wild but if her neck has healed enough for a rerun, I hope they use her sparingly to avoid unnecessary risks.
This is why NJPW does not let their performers wear the titles for non-NJPW US shows anymore.
Just making some scratch before he pops up at the AEW Feb PPV.
Yeah, but we have no idea how bad Paige’s neck was. After Edge got hurt, it was reported that a lot of active superstars were wrestling with necks that were in way worse shape than Edge’s, and any of them could have retired if they really wanted. They just didn’t have money and television shows/movies to fall back on like Edge.
Shortly before he ended his podcast to be a stay at home dad, he mentioned that his neck was way, way better than it was when he retired and he could wrestle again if he really wanted. The fact he ended his podcast not long after that and was seen in the area where people go to be tested/cleared only served to fuel the rumors even more. Edge recently shot down a return on Twitter so it may have been a “could” wrestle without any intentions of doing so, but part of me believes Edge is smart enough not to tease fans with a statement about his ability to return unless he was considering it.
Was about to laugh at somebody getting worked, then realized I worked myself.
The RB stands for Rage Beast.
Since this scandal broke on Twitter instead of the police being involved, he probably won’t be caught or charged since he can get rid of everything if he had it. It also means there will be no way to know if he deserves the witch hunt.
Renee on life support. She’s already wrote a will leaving everything to Shooter.
Only if it’s temporary to give someone else the honor of beating Jon Moxley for the IWGP Championship, and even then, it’s unlikely because they would have to job a current champion to him in order to transition the belt.
/r/darkjokes
Regal asked Liger to do it as a favor.
He’s been very open and honest and it’s not like he’s an attention seeker posting spoilers/leaks daily or even weekly. He just ads valuable tidbits when he has something interesting. That makes him more credible than anyone else.
This is the way.
Heels don’t have to be charismatic if they are evil and/or intimidating. KENTA has the power of the Bullet Club behind him.
He’s a once in a generation talent, that’s for damn sure.
Da fuq? Did he do gay porn or something?
Did Fisto have the Shield? I was trying to remember if he had an accessory.
Savage should have been King Randor. Probably saving it for Lawler.
Shawn and losing belts without getting beat for them. Name a more iconic duo. 🤣
Pudge = Fugly according to kayfaybe news.
It might be a tie.
No, but I still love his finisher and the name for his finisher. Pearl River Plunge.
Yep
Never try to powerbomb a Giant. Not even once.
Yeah, I didn’t realize it was Battle Armor. I had both of those when I was a kid.
WWE struggled with fully understanding the Jon Moxley character. They were trying to create his character from CZW in a modern, PG era. Ambrose was meant to be Moxley-lite. The problem was that WWE didn't trust Moxley enough to give him a live mic without writing the promo for him. Hell, just look at his backstage promo where he burned the Shield vest. It was one of his best, but it was filmed so they could redo &amp; edit if it didn't come across the right way. Almost all of his promos/vignettes after turning heel took place backstage instead of in front of the crowd, except when they went all Scott Steiner Siren Uber Bane with him. Ambrose is the definition of maliciously complaint. If the company doesn't trust him and won't let him do what he wants, then he'll just do exactly what they tell him while planning his exit. He knew how bad the material was, but he checked himself out mentally and read through ever "you deserve cancer" and "the fans have viruses I need to inoculate myself from" so that he could leave when his contract was up.
My friend used to date Daffney. I assume they dated, or maybe it was just one of those weird friend situations. Not really wrestling related but someone I know dated Lindsey Lohan during a rehab stint.
Nah, he’s not a wrestler.
With most jobs, career satisfaction plays a big role, as does drive. If Big E is happy doing the midcard comedy stuff with New Day, then why would WWE disrupt that? Why push him into a position that would make him unhappy? Both other members of New Day have been saying for years that getting Kofi at reign as World Champion was one of their top priorities. They literally *just* accomplished that so who knows what kind of new priorities they will have when Xavier Woods returns. It’s unlikely that they will go after Bray. He has a power over Xavier Woods that could be dangerous to the group.
Kind of odd. TNA was red. Impact is blue. This goes against their branding unless they’re reverting to the older colors.
Seeing how a title match should main event, I’m going with Fiend vs Reigns. I’d rather see that over Brock vs whoever....unless it’s Edge....or Punk.
Winner gets Liv. Loser gets Lana.
Becky can’t Main Event at this point, even if she faces Ronda. The match is a twist on the one they had last year, and there’s no other credible opponent for her at Mania that could sell tickets. Seth is hot enough to main event if he was champion.
You must not follow sports. They pay analysts to do this with every other sport they pay money for, including the ones that are way more expensive than WWE.
Lex obviously didn’t practice this on his brothers, sisters, and pets growing up.
Take a #2 and move on.
It would have sucked. Rock was Bret’s friend and despised Shawn.
This was post screwjob. Rock flat out refused to work w/ Shawn because of it.
Some people like that sort of thing. Others just want to prove they're the toughest mother fucker in the world by getting beat down by Suzuki.
I wouldn't be surprised to see Alex Shelley sign with NXT. He's 36, which still puts him in a position where he could help NXT for several years and possibly even have a short run on the main roster, especially in a tag team with Kushida or...possibly Sabin if they could get him down the road. He supposedly "retired" after he finished with ROH because he wanted to focus on school, but recently revealed that he was HOMELESS after he left ROH, which indicates he might not be in the best financial position.
According to this, he was homeless for a while after he left ROH and his wife left him: https://www.wrestlinginc.com/news/2019/08/alex-shelley-reveals-he-was-homeless-after-roh-657990/
There’s nothing WWE can do to someone in Mexico. The court would never allow it.
I don’t know about this. Bret has proved to be a bitter man quite often and his bitterness has gotten worse over the years. There are some valid points, like being robbed of his opportunity to face Hogan in WWE, his frustration with HBK being pushed when he was a psycho drug addict, the Screwjob, WCW being unable to utilize him properly, Owen’s death, and the kick that became the catalyst for his career ending. The problem is that Bret focuses too much on the negatives without trying to accentuate ANY of the positives.
He’s saying that Satin is not a peer, so his attack wasn’t against a peer. Underhandedly pointing out that Satin lost his ability to be a peer when he signed with WWE, while saying he wouldn’t attack the other guys because they are peers who develop actual news stories.
Amanda Lorian will be a name, much like Khaleesi.
Just look at that Beefy Dad Bod!
In a few years babygirl, ooohhh yeah. -Savage, Probably
I feel like I’ve been waiting my whole life for a Drew push. I really hope WWE doesn’t fuck this up. He literally has everything Vince loves. Tall, beefy, women love him, and he looks like a real ass kicker.
Check out some of Angle’s interviews. He tried to come back a few times and Vince told him he would have to talk to HHH before it was an option. Every time he tried to call HHH, his call was not returned.
Savage vs HBK is the real dream match. Rock can face Roman.
Blasphemy, he’s a transformer like optimal prime
He’s in full Sgt. Slaughter gear so I assume this is supposed to be kayfaybe.
It’s his gimmick.
He pretty much HAD to lie in order to play the character. At this point it’s a lie he’s been telling so long it’s probably taken on a life of its own.
Nah. It’s only if you steal military benefits and shit that should have went to real vets.
New Japan offered them zero dollars. Bucks wanted to get a dual deal where they were signed with ROH and NJPW to maximize their impact. They were previously only contracted to ROH and working with NJPW due to the partnership between the companies. NJPW did not want to change this agreement and put the Young Bucks on contract. I mean, business wise, why would you pay for something you’re getting for free, or a nominal price? That was NJPW logic. When they balked at the dual contract offer with both companies, Bucks looked elsewhere.
It all depends on Ronda, and honestly, I think she's coming back. The Becky/Asuka narrative and feud is one they could build to WM if they didn't have a reason to utilize her differently. My prediction is that Ronda comes back, punches Becky in the mouth, and Asuka gets the win. Asuka vs Charlotte at WM, with Asuka looking to avenge her loss to Charlotte on the big stage and Charlotte looking to add another title to her lineage. Becky vs Ronda at WM, with Becky out for blood and Ronda playing a cocky heel who says that Becky couldn't beat her 1 on 1, which leads to Ronda winning and setting up a Submission Match for Summerslam or next year's WM. It's also possible that Ronda beats Charlotte or Asuka after WM to win the title based on the fact that she beat Becky, so that the title is on the line in their submission match.
For some weird reason, NXT didn't break the top 50
Matt Hardy got his gardener over when WWE couldn’t get Roman fucking Reigns over. Matt got inanimate objects over... Broken Matt isn’t the first thing he’s gotten over either. He probably holds a top 10 spot for getting people over because he’s so fucking successful with it. This will be a big get for AEW whether it’s as Dark Order leader or as a backstage guy working with some of these weirdo factions AEW is trying to market.
Turner was pissed because Vince pulled his show from Turner Broadcasting back in the day. That was the catalyst for Turner going after a wrestling company to show on his network.
Randy just signed a brand new contract so probably not, but he’s definitely working less dates.
Punk’s post wasn’t the first time something like this was seen.
Sorta, he really didn’t want to drop it to Shawn either. He offered to drop it to Shamrock the next night on Raw.
1mil per year after being the Main Event of WM? That’s almost criminal.
Moxley already got injured which messed up some PPV plans
My life is ruined. Why did I spend so much time in the chain gang if it wasn’t real?!?
I’m guessing this is going to play into WM. Last year her story was all convoluted with the McMahons fucking her over. I wonder if she’s going to be holding their balls to the fire this year to demand a match with Ronda, or if she plays hardball until she signs and a debuting Shayna destroys her as the McMahon’s weapon of vengeance for daring to think she was better than them.
WWE and AEW would have to work hard to keep people happy or risk them walking.
I think we're going to get a Kofi moment in the Rumble where he challenges Brock and even does one of his fancy elimination dances to avoid the first attempt, but then he's going down courtesy of the Beast.
I don't get it. This guy could be a breakout star anywhere in the world. His loyalty to CMLL seems to be pretty fierce, because that's the only thing that makes any sort of sense here.
Did you just pull the only quote from Dave that would make him look bad? What the hell. He talked about how it made him uncomfortable and he thought it was wrong, then went on to explain OTHER cultural issues with Japan and the way they treated minors. This comment was an off-handed sarcastic remark after diving into the many problems with the way things are presented in the culture.
I really hope this doesn't make them think Corbin = Ratings. I care about him less than I cared about King Mabel when he challenged Diesel for the WWE Championship.
Taker hated Maven.
Tessa started it w/ her Tweet about women not supporting her for the upcoming historic moment, ie; potentially winning the Impact World Championship. A few women who had been slighted by Tessa in the past decided that if she wanted to go down that road, they'd be glad to let her know WHY nobody was supporting her endeavor. Turns out, she's pissed off a LOT of people by spitting on them, calling them racist names, and a bunch of other god-awful shit.
Edge had a pretty bad injury, but he was the one who decided to make it career ending. He had a scare in the ring and the thought of that being permanent was enough for him to call it quits, especially after the doctor told him there was a chance it could happen if he kept wrestling 5-6 nights a week like he was when he decided to retire. This was before the "Brock Schedule" became a thing and guys like Orton were negotiating for less dates every time they renewed their contract. It was pretty much full-time or nothing in Vince's world. If you didn't like it, you could pull a Jeff Hardy and go work for TNA. It was pointed out at the time Edge retired that a lot of guys in WWE and other companies were wrestling with necks that were in much worse shape than Edge's, and any one of them could have called it career, but they weren't in the financial position to do so like Edge. It's also important to consider that 9 years ago when Edge retired, he had a neck that was significantly worse than someone his age. However, age plays a big factor, and I'm sure those tests don't look the same now. For example, if you have a neck that's in the bottom 30% of people your age, but you get treatment and don't injure it again, then in nine years, you might have a neck that's in the top 30% of people your age. Having spinal stenosis at 46 is not as uncommon as having spinal stenosis at 36 from a medical standpoint. All bones, joints, ligaments, discs., etc., degenerate over time.
Impact can’t put the title on her now. It would be the LOLTNA moment ever, and they’re trying to get away from that mentality. They’ve built up too much goodwill in recent years to sour it over having the first female World Champ.
That coffin just keep getting more nails. No fucking wonder she isn't signed to any other company.
After.
You can say that this was Tessa's opportunity to own her mistakes, but who would even believe that she's changed? She started this garbage by Tweeting about women not supporting her when she was going to make history for her gender...kind of hard to argue you're not a racist narcissist when you began the whole thing by being a narcissist that wanted to get pissy with your entire gender for their lack of support for what you've gotten by trampling (and spitting) on every single one of them.
If Dominick Mysterio gets within 10 feet of Zelina, he's going to Fade....To.....Black.
As odd as it is, I think these contract negotiations represent a HUGE turning point for WWE. The Revival has reportedly been offered the attractive less dates+more money contract option. Outside of Brock who is on the mega contract and Orton who has put in his time, the only other person who has reportedly had a contract like that on the table was AJ Styles. Considering how much he's been working, I wonder if he ended up caving on the whole less dates thing because it seems like he's been actively involved since he signed it. Orton disappears for weeks at a time, or skips weeks here and there, but AJ is always advertised. If WWE is willing to offer The Revival a contract like this, then they're opening the door for more superstars to ask for them upon renewal. How can they justify telling someone else no if they're offering that contract to The Revival? I'm sure a lot of superstars wish they could be home more, but know they don't have the clout. Ultimately, The Revival's value to WWE is extremely low. They're not the kind of talent they should be bending over backwards for. If they disappear tomorrow, what happens? Business as usual. It will be like they were never even in WWE. The only reason for going to such great lengths to keep them is the hotness of a potential Bucks/FTR feud. That's literally it. WWE is shifting their entire contract model for this tag team....
During a domestic fight w/ her husband (ex now), she got caught on bodycam screaming racial obscenities at the black cops who came to try and intervene. Charlotte was the aggressor in this domestic situation. Allegedly, Ric Flair and WWE paid a LARGE sum of money to make this bodycam footage disappear. By the time Charlotte started getting popular and people filed a public records request to obtain the footage, it had mysteriously vanished from the archives.
Fucking hell.
That's not it at all. Tessa started this with her first tweet calling out "all women" for not supporting her. They responded by letting her know WHY they didn't support her.
I always thought the Sgt. Slaughter military background was 100% kayfaybe. It doesn't surprise me to find out he didn't serve. He came from a time when kayfaybe was real, and he has somewhat become the character, so I don't really fault him for keeping the story up.
Most people did because the culture changed as a whole. If it would have been socially acceptable when you were in your late teens, you wouldn't have seen the need to drop it. Kids these days learn that it's not acceptable almost upon birth.
Based on what they are saying, the person who was the victim of her racist bullying didn't want to come forward because she was a really nice person who wanted to get along with everyone. Tessa's Tweet yesterday gave the person the strength to step forward and say something, which immediately resulted in reinforcement/support from others. The women Tessa claimed were not supporting her stepped up to support the person she wronged. It's sort of like the #MeToo movement. It took 1 brave person to say something to bring down one giant House of Cards.
You go to the papers if you have to.
If they put the title on her after this, it will be the most LOLTNA move ever.
In order for it to be on the Lars level, she would have to be getting fucked by a black dude while he spits on her.
Spinal stenosis basically translates into a narrowing of the spinal canal. It can't be cured, but the symptoms can be alleviated. It's also something that everyone tends to get as they age, just from general wear/tear/daily activity. If you want to understand the reason behind the retirement(s), you have to look at it like this: Imagine you're 35 and the doctor tells you that due to the injuries you've sustained, your neck looks like someone who is in their late 50s and based on the general progression, it'll look like someone who is in their 70s by the time you're 45 if you keep taking bumps. He also mentions things like wheelchairs, loss of bladder control, etc., all the things that go along with severe spinal stenosis, which could occur from one bad bump and a dislocated vertebra or ligament damage. That kind of shit freaks you the fuck out and you realize you got money, so it isn't really worth the risk. Boom, you're retired. Now, 9-10 years goes by. You're 45, which is the age the doctor said you would have the neck of a 70 year old if you kept going, and you've stopped wrestling entirely during that time. The doctor reevaluates you and has GOOD news. You still have the neck of someone in their 50s, but it's improved...more like early 50s instead of late 50s. You've had tremendous progress with stem cell treatments and the long break has lessened the damage that was caused when you used to be in the ring. Have neck of someone in their early 50s at 45 isn't nearly as bad as having that neck when you're 35. The industry has also shifted drastically since you used to wrestle. People are making tons of money. There are Saudi paydays. Vince has caved on his whole 'full time or nothing' schedule that he used to offer everyone back then. There's something called a 'Brock schedule' now and an 'Orton contract' which allows limited work for maximum pay. Is it a risk? Sure. Getting in the ring is always a risk, but there's a thing called risk vs reward, and if you can get a really nice reward for working less dates in a year than you used to work in a month, then sometimes it's worth it...especially if you can go out on YOUR terms versus being forced to retire due to an injury. Also, it's worth pointing out that when Edge retired, a lot of wrestlers said they were working with necks that were in a lot worse shape, but didn't have the financial ability to just retire like Edge did.
Pretty much. Might as well ask if she fingered his butthole too.
Cena: Edge (First guy to ever put a dent in Superman's bulletproof skin), Styles (Beat up John Cena!), CM Punk (It was just a lot of fun) Cena is hard because he didn't let many people go over, which made feuds very, very one-sided.
It doesn't in our current culture. It has the same negative connotation as using it with an r. I simply pointed out that it wasn't always like that and plenty of white rappers used to use it regularly before the backlash happened. Hell, there was an NWA parody done by a white rock group that used the a version and the original NWA (the ones still around) came out in support of it.
Finn is already living the dream. Main roster money to work 1 day a week.
Well here you go, straight from Wikipedia: In practice, its use and meaning are heavily dependent on context.[1] Presently, the word "n-a" is used more liberally among younger members of all races and ethnicities in the United States.
I hope this isn't one of those "I got scammed" posts for the sake of hoping that someone will generously buy you tickets as a replacement. A few people were doing those over the holidays in other subs. :( If this is legit, sorry to hear it, but at least your bank will reimburse you.
Shows how many people know the truth about Tessa. They wouldn't be having a laugh at her expense if they didn't feel like it was warranted.
Ouch.
"The show is called Hard to Kill, because TNA never dies! Woooooo! We keep rising up from the ashes! We got the hottest thing going and we're about to crown the first Women's World Champion!" Tessa Blanchard: Hold my spit.
Honestly, with someone like Brian Cage, I don't give a fuck. The guy is open and honest about what he does. Steroids aren't nearly as damaging as they were in the 80s. If you've got the money, HGH is the proper alternative to straight-juice and while it will give you some bone/joint problems when you're older, it's not a death sentence. It's why you see The Rock juiced to the gills when he doesn't have to be, why a lot of Hollywood actors get stacked so easily, and I'm pretty sure HHH has been on it for a long time.
Eh, we've come a really long way in the "supplement" alternatives thanks to modern medicine. I'm pretty sure PAC, Cage and Kenny Omega are all on HGH. Is it 100% safe? Hell no. However, it's a whole lot safer than what people were putting in their bodies in the 80s. It's not going to kill you at an early age, but you might have some health problems when you're older. HGH is something that the body naturally produces it, so if you crank it a little past what you would normally produce, it can have some stack-effects on your muscles.
Now put the man in the Main Event and get yourself out of this Tessa debacle.
One more time! One more time!
LOLTNA
Tessa Blanchard is an exceptional talent but Michael Vick was an exceptional quarterback...
I think it’s way too soon for Paige, but her injury occurred right after she came back from having surgery so it’s possible that the delicate nature of her repaired neck was a contributing factor. It might be different in a few years but it feels too soon unless it looked worse than it was when she retired.
He also didn’t really bother with a second opinion. A lot of wrestlers could get told that if they went to the doctor right now, but they would just go to another doctor if they wanted to be cleared. I doubt Edge would have been told no by the WWE doctors that cleared others with necks in worse shape if he was insistent on competing. I tend to believe that if Kurt Angle can get cleared when he can’t even turn his head without rotating his whole body, almost anyone could outside of Tyson Kidd. Hell, Matt Hardy’s vertebrae were fusing with his bones and he got cleared. WWE doctors seem to be a lot less hasty to clear concussions than neck/back injuries. That may change one day, but right now they put that risk in the competitors hands after explaining how bad it could be if they take one bad bump.
Can she also be the youngest world champ to get a “you don’t deserve it” chant?
Small package outta nowhere
Probably.
What should have been a monumental moment ruined by a racist.
Not really a throwaway. They're building Drew's credibility for the Royal Rumble while keeping the Orton/Styles feud going.
He's gonna stomp anyway.
He knows people liked the Seth cackle, so he's not doing it. He's a heel.
I would stand there and start menacingly taping my fists for consistency.
They were forced to go back to cigarettes because vaping kills.
What in the holy fuck happened to Lana's wardrobe.
Seth Rollins has evolved to...Evolution.
All Seth wants is people who believe in his vision. This shit started because Raw lost so bad at Survivor Series.
I predict we're going to get a Roman/Brock stare down before some jobbers jump them and they're forced to fight together for a few minutes. Before they can really mix it up, someone will eliminate Brock to set up the WM match (Cain, Tyson Fury, etc.,) Brock will probably force-eliminate whoever threw him out and then Roman will go on to win the Rumble. Roman vs Fiend at WM is happening. No way around that. This Corbin mess is just so Roman has a bunch of heels to throw out of the Rumble.
Kingdom Come would be amazing
Rebecca Magdeline
I could sink my teeth into this angle.
Make comments about how gay people should be ostracized from society, then star in gay porn.
Joke about how much of a slut Paige appears to be.
Pay your talent in “exposure” instead of money.
Take Shawn Michaels’ table.
It appears to be the most per hour but RAW has that extra hour to inflate their result.
Missing one: Impact: $0.00
It’s not just Charlotte super fans. I thought it was a terrible idea storyline wise but I understood from a human being standpoint why it had to be done. WWE had Charlotte doing media interviews for years talking about how she wanted to be the first woman to headline WM. She went from getting laughed at for suggesting it to swaying opinions towards the possibility of women headlining. Yes, Becky got over and deserved the match but Charlotte laid the groundwork for many, many years so it would have been cruel to snatch that away from her completely.
Well the Bobby/Lana stuff is usually #1 and the ratings are going down during those segments, so I don’t know if YouTube views correlates with television overness.
Da fuq?
Somebody please take away their rap music.
WWE is allowed to write their own narrative.
I banged Dallas' Daughter I'm fucking dead. MJF, you fucking heel.
"I'm coming for you..." Everyone takes a deep breath "...Chris."
He's drunk 24/7 and The Young Bucks are good Christian boys.
You have to figure with all the Indy guys being signed there, Dave has a few that will talk to him, but the Saudi situation showed that Dave’s sources could be fed bad information.
If I was a vampire, I would just keep 2-3 humans tied to tables in my basement with metal shackles that are unbreakable. I would insert a feeding tube to make sure they couldn’t just starve themselves, and hose them down daily so they wouldn’t smell too bad. Then I’d just eat whenever I felt like it without having to bother with weirdo wrestling fans at events.
And plants named Mitch?
Ideally they won’t die for a really long time and you can just keep them as blood banks.
Where do you live? I’d love to come shake your hand.
I don’t think it will happen for a long time. He might end up being that guy doing video spots for them on Network specials like Dixie Carter.
I think he will be back eventually, but if WWE wants it to happen sooner rather than much, much later, they are going to have to offer him something enticing like creative control, limited dates, and an opportunity to be more violent. Will Vince cave to that? Hard to say. I don’t think Mox is going to be one of those guys that comes back because Vince dangles a Championship reign in front of him.
Let me guess, we are getting Brock vs Big Show for the Universal just so Kane and Big Show can be championship contenders in 2020.
RVD needs to stop banging sloots live on Twitch.
Lol...TNA?
It’s been pretty obvious that Corbin is just a joke in WWE. Look at how Rock treated him.
I still don’t think someone who uses a company to get exposure then doesn’t want to honor his contract should be rewarded in any way. Kross was promoted on Impact because of his new contract then bitched until they released him once he had sufficient momentum to land a bigger deal elsewhere.
From the top deck? 100% death. From somewhere else on the ship? You can easily survive. According to the cruise industry, an average of 25 people fall overboard per year and very few of them die. If the crew is put on notice, they can easily retrieve the dumbass.
That’s how they explained it to me after I left webcam going one night by accident.
It’s all about how much you’re willing to sacrifice for the business!
I find this hard to believe. She wouldn’t have champion for long, even if she got it, and they would have had to do acrobatics to make it happen. Getting the title on someone that was willing to put over Chyna would have been the first hurdle. Then who would she have feuded with? Most of the guys weren’t going to get in the ring with her or put her over. She looked like a giant against the women but she wasn’t that big compared to the guys. This is the same era where Austin refused to work with Mark Mero just because he got powerbombed by Sable.
That’s because they don’t want to spoil Edge’s return
It’s Seth vs Edge. They just won’t put it in writing or talk about it until Edge returns next week.
Cody Rhodes hates the trash of the Attitude Era. He loves the old school stuff his dad did.
Did Garza really use monkeys in that tweet? What the holy fuck.
Marty walks in on his first day of work: “Hey, you do remember this company has a partnership with NJPW right?” *Begins utilizing it*
So wholesome
Sure, take the only part of the quote that makes her look bad and ignore the rest of the article.
Make sure you jump off the top floor to sell the importance of the bump!
Rhea Ripley is the new Ruby Riott. Ruby’s time ended the day she got beat by Ronda in 30 seconds.
There were a whole lot of bad decisions made, but if you want to drill down the singular point that was the beginning of the end, it was Starrcade '97's main event. Sting had been living in the rafters for over a year after feeling like he had been betrayed by WCW. The fans wanted Hogan vs Sting more than any other match in WCW history, and the company was on top of the fucking world. Once the match was signed for Starrcade '97, shit got REAL. You want to see a hot crowd? Watch that show. 17,500 people were there to witness fucking history. 750k were watching on PPV. To put that in perspective, WM sold 240k that year, and a PPV hadn't touched the 700s since WM 5 which was headlined by Hogan vs Savage. The Main Event rolled around and the story was pretty simple. Sting was there to dismantle the NWO by beating Hollywood Hulk Hogan and capturing the WCW World Heavyweight Championship. You couldn't fuck this up if you tried! It was time for Hulk Hogan to do his biggest J-O-B in history and collect so much fucking money doing rematches against Sting that WCW would literally be bathing in it like Scrooge McDuck. But that's not what happened... Nick Patrick was supposed to do a fast count leading to Bret Hart coming out to "prevent" a screwjob like what happened in Montreal. This was totally unneeded to begin with, but they managed to screw it up royally and Nick Patrick didn't do a fast count. Hogan legitimately pinned Sting for the 1-2-3. Bret looked like a fucking heel by coming out to have the match restarted. By the time Sting managed to win the match, the energy was sucked out of the crowd and everyone watching at home was trying to figure out WTF they just saw. Sting's win was tainted, as evidenced right after the PPV when he was stripped of the title. Why did WCW do this? At the time, it was believed that Nick Patrick just screwed up. Later, we found out that Bischoff and Hogan came up with this plan because Sting showed up for the PPV without a tan and didn't look like he had been putting in the work at the gym (translation: He didn't look juiced to the gills). They made a last minute decision to make the ending super controversial so Hogan wouldn't have to lose cleanly and could quickly recapture the title. That one decision changed EVERYTHING. It was such a fucking disaster that Bischoff decided to go ahead and put the title on Sting in the rematch, have him hold it for a couple of months, and then drop it to Savage so he could drop the title back to Hogan the very next day. That way they could save SOME face by avoiding Sting directly dropping the title back to Hogan. It didn't work. The energy was sucked out of the company. The fans turned on them. The WM after Starrcade drew over 700k buys (remember, the previous year only drew 240k). This was a clear indicator that the fans had abandoned Sting and WCW for a new hero...Stone Cold Steve Austin. Starrcade '98 had 400k buys and by Starrcade '99, they only managed to sell 145k ppvs. You can point to mismanagement, paying talent too much money, and all those things are true, but WCW has the ability to survive on the formula they created. Starrcade managed to draw 20mil in revenue for the company. They had incredibly fresh matches to get the fans invested in with the arrival of Bret Hart. The NWO with Hogan at the helm had ran its course and it was time for Hogan’s redemption story back to the Red &amp; Yellow to begin. If you could rebook that moment, 1998 would have been SO different. Hogan should have demanded his rematch the next night on Nitro because he didn't want to wait until the next PPV, and had an attempt at cheating backfire, leading to a quick roll-up by Sting. Hogan, now distraught, calls out the NWO for not helping him...only to get attacked by Hall &amp; Nash for a brutal attack that is still talked about today for the sheer viciousness of it and the fact nobody came to Hogan's aid. Following that, Hogan should have started a hot feud with Nash while a #1 contenders match set up Sting vs Flair w/ a controversial ending that left Bret Hart deserving of a match as well. Flair was still a HUGE draw and Sting vs Flair hadn't happened in 2 years. This was the perfect opportunity to do it again. Sting overcomes Flair, starts a program with Nash, who just put Hogan out of commission in their feud w/ the help of the NWO, and SURPRISE, right when it looks like Sting is going to go down to an attack by the NWO, Hogan makes his return. Which PPV? Bash at the Fucking Beach, where it all began. Hogan stops the NWO, Sting beats Nash, and now the Hogan redemption story has 1 more step. Hogan vs Nash, if Hogan wins, the NWO is disbanded. If Nash wins, Hogan must retire. Sting starts a program with Hall, who is sort of on the outs with Nash because he didn't bring the title home. Hall adopts his Lone Wolf persona, saying that he's not going to beat Sting for the NWO, he's doing it for himself. The fractured NWO is finally put to rest courtesy of a Big Leg Drop from Hogan, Sting overcomes Nash, and we're off to World War 3. Several stories intertwine, but the one that takes center stage is Bret's. World War 3 is in November, which is the one year anniversary of the Montreal Screwjob. Bret's going to prove he's better than everyone by winning it and getting a shot at the WCW World Heavyweight Championship. Hogan is seeking a match against Sting to prove he's the better man without the NWO at his back. Nash is on the outs with Hall, the NWO is split, and he wants to prove he never needed them anyway. Final four is Hogan, Nash, Flair &amp; Bret with Bret winning. Flair ends up eliminating Hogan by cheating, Bret eliminates Flair. It's down to Nash vs Bret. Bret eliminates Nash (poetic, because he's Shawn's best friend) Starrcade '98 is just hot as fuck at this point. You got Nash vs Hall, a babyface Hulk Hogan now feuding w/ the 4 Horsemen because of what Flair did to him at WW3, and Sting vs Bret Hart for the first time ever. Now it's time for Sting to drop the title, because he's done everything he can with it, the NWO is gone, and Bret's redemption story is more important. We charge into '99 with Bret as champion, DDP, Goldberg, Benoit, Eddie, Raven and Jericho on the rise, and the next generation of WCW starts to take center stage. Hogan, Luger, Savage, Nash, Hall, Flair and Sting spend the year turning the next generation into legitimate contenders and by Starrcade '99, you got your blockbuster match w/ Goldberg taking center stage. Without all the fuck ups, there is no reason to rush Goldberg to a World Title match and rather than a random Hogan vs Goldberg match on Nitro, he gets more high caliber PPV matches along the way, wins WW3, and is Billy-2-Belts to end Starrcade '99. Now WCW 2000 isn't a complete cluster fuck because instead of hot-potato w/ the belt, everyone wants to know who is going to hand Goldberg his first loss. The year starts w/ a hot tournament to crown the new US Champion, and Goldberg starts running roughshod over the roster until he finally meets his match.
If they do another mixed match challenge, Charlotte should team with Aleister Black just to come full circle.
If WWE had any interest in working with Ken Shamrock, they would have brought him back a long time ago. There was a reason they never made him champion. The Montreal Screwjob could have been avoided entirely if they liked Shamrock better. Bret offered to drop the title to Shamrock the next night on Raw instead of losing it to Shawn at Survivor Series. WWE opted to screw Bret instead. Shamrock was a hothead, very unprofessional, and they knew it would be even worse if they put the belt on him...even if it was just a short reign before he dropped it to Shawn Michaels. What if Shamrock just says "Nah, fuck that, I ain't losing the belt to Shawn." Who is going to take it off him?
That’s because you forgot to add Samoa Joe.
I think it's going to be Roman winning the Rumble to face The Fiend while Brock/Cain battle in Saudi Arabia and the Raw superstars go to the Elimination Chamber to decide who faces the winner of Brock/Cain. It's definitely possible for Drew to win the EC, but I'm not sure how that will go. Quite honestly, they need the title on Seth Rollins right now. His new heel stable is red hot and running Monday Nights. That kind of faction was made to hold the championship.
Saying his already defeats the purpose of asking.
Bird migrations.
Intergender wrestling works fine on the indies where half the guys are shorter than Adam Cole and skinnier than Darby Allin. There are plenty of guys to put them over that look like they could believably lose a street fight to Betty White. It just doesn’t work in WWE. Sure, you could build Charlotte, Sasha, Becky, etc., up by bringing in jobbers, and letting them beat midcarders but eventually it comes down to them having to lose. No matter how good the match is, I don’t want to see Becky getting her head kicked off by a Claymore Kick or see Charlotte beaten and bloodied after a run in with Brock Lesnar. That kind of violence just doesn’t tell a story people want to watch. It was all in good fun when Austin was giving everyone stunners during the Attitude Era or when Stephanie got her comeuppance via a Pedigree but that is different from a 10-15 minute assault.
Yeah, I feel like it would just end up being a step back for women’s wrestling as a whole because if they can’t compete for the World Title they need a lesser title...like a Diva’s Title.
He will sit it out because he gets paid and it’s not worth the legal headaches involved with challenging it. No reputable company is going to put you on TV until it’s cleared because they don’t want to be caught up in a legal mess.
I wonder if Bray Wyatt is going to enter the Rumble as one of his goofy characters or something and eliminate Kane to set up the Saudi show.
His entrance or the creepy pedo vignettes where he watched children sleep through their bedroom window? 🤣
The idea of The Undertaker who could barely move in the ring digging 29 holes for the Royal Rumble.
He intentionally bulked up for Japan. This may be a sign that he doesn’t have any more scheduled matches with NJPW for the foreseeable future.
How long has it been since the Faces actually got help instead of just "overcoming the odds" against the heel group? It's a good look and sells the threat.
Tweener works for some.
I assume that they did this to sell how joining up with Seth benefited Buddy Murphy. He was floundering and losing, then won gold in his very first match after he joined. This will probably lead to them losing the titles after the Rumble to set up AOP vs Viking Raiders for Wrestlemania. It's such a blockbuster match that it needs to be on a big stage instead of wasted on a random Raw the first time.
This is for the best. There's no reason to rush the AOP vs Viking Raiders match. By doing it this way, Seth &amp; Buddy can hold the titles until after the Rumble and once they drop them, AOP can reclaim them for the faction.
Matt should have just retired and let his contract run out. Fucking embarrassing of WWE to job him out every single week.
I think NJPW has a pretty good formula where the champion's first reign doesn't last that long and then they have to redouble their efforts in order to get a second reign that is longer and more fulfilling. WWE struggles to do much with this. Their formula is for the champion to hold it until they are defeated, lose the rematch, and then lose a few more rematches to really put the new champion over. Even after the rematch clause went away, they still found a way for the former champion to earn a shot at the title pretty quick so the rematch could still take place. You can see the difference in booking with the way others are booked versus the way Brock is booked. When Brock loses a title, he doesn't immediately get a rematch and lose for the second time. He disappears for a little while and then wins the title when he returns. Neither formulas are great, but Brock's formula has made him a strong contender since he ended the streak, despite losing several titles along the way. I think that if WWE fully eradicated the rematch clause and let people take a step back from the title after they lost, it would add a lot of depth to their character. It would also fix the issue of longer reigns vs shorter reigns because the champions would have opportunities to beat other people and establish their reigns, even if it was only for a couple of months.
I get the feeling they are setting up Raw to utilize the EC to determine the #1 contender for Brock at WM. Right now it would make a lot of sense for Rey, Ricochet, and Drew to all be in the Elimination Chamber. I'm sure Seth will be in there as well, which would pull Owens and Joe in. That leaves AJ &amp; Orton as two wild cards that could potentially face each other at EC or they could pull Rey &amp; either Owens or Joe out to put AJ/Orton in. Brock will probably go over the top rope courtesy of Cain Velasquez or Tyson Fury to set up a match with them in Saudi Arabia.
Just looks like a troll account to me, like /u/fuckmoneysugardaddy
Edge does have a history of steroids. His ex-wife was pretty vicious in her interview after the Lita scandal. She talked about his steroid use. Here’s the interview for those that are curious: https://www.mandatory.com/wrestlezone/news/233793-huge-news-edges-wife-breaks-silence-claims-edgelita-use-steroids
He treated his wife pretty bad during his roid rages.
People who don’t compete still use lower doses and cycles to keep their muscle mass. Edge does a lot of acting so that’s probably the reason. Rock is bigger than ever and he’s not competed for anything except movie ticket buys.
He literally admitted he used steroids. His ex-wife talked about his bad his roid rages were. Sheathe your SJW sword, white knight defender. I’m sure someone is talking bad about Paige in another thread and she needs you to charge into battle and protect her from trolls.
https://www.mandatory.com/wrestlezone/news/233793-huge-news-edges-wife-breaks-silence-claims-edgelita-use-steroid
The best gif ever
AEW fans do 2
A few more: 1 drink every time King changes his Royal Rumble winner prediction. 1 drink when the Big Show enters the Rumble. 1 drink every time someone says you can't get him over the top rope. 3 drinks when he's forced over the top rope by 1 guy. 1 drink every time Kofi escapes danger. 2 drinks every time Jo-Mo escapes danger 3 drinks if Kofi &amp; JoMo do a tandem sequence outside the ring and both escape danger.
At least he never went full Lars and described what he did with that cut out
It isn’t like they’re grabbing WWE midcarders and pushing them to the World Title. Mox was one of the top guys in WWE, a member of the hottest faction/group in the last decade, and is a former World Champion. He’s so over that it’s insane. Not putting the belt on him would be a fucking tragedy at this point. The man makes the championship. The championship doesn’t make the man. Would it be nice to see some homegrown AEW guys get a title run? Absolutely. But it isn’t time for that yet. Those guys haven’t had time to develop. And if you really want to get historical, this is what successful companies have done in the past. WCW brought in Hogan and put the belt on him immediately. When he turned heel and the NWO took off, they put the belt on him again. Mox is over. Putting the title on the most over guy is almost always the right move.
There are tons of options but I think we are getting Roman winning the Rumble and Drew winning the Elimination Chamber.
Sabu’d your mom through a coffee table was my favorite line.
There are plenty of stories where nerve endings are damaged with this surgery.
Well he sure turned his life around, eh?
You can tell he’s high as fuck.
You've definitely scarred him, irreparably, for life. He may not even be gay. Teenage boys have brains that don't work like adults. It could have been something as simple as two boys who decided that giving was a trade they were willing to make in order to receive. People have done stranger things.
It gives people a reason to tune in. Remember, Foley's title win was what turned the tide in the Monday Night War.
They've got something special with Keith Lee. They better not fuck it up.
Roman, Drew, Seth, Edge
What could he do? Open the door and risk falling in broken glass to save a few bottles of wine?
A few more did too
Koala Bears are not food. What the hell is wrong with you?
Everything in WWE is last minute. People expected Dean to turn since he was the second coming of Roddy Piper. (Rarely gets that comparison now)
Keith Lee gives people the BBC. What’s the problem here? At least his dad isn’t filming him feeding it to his best friend.
I figured NXT would mop the floor with AEW this week since AEW was taped and the reviews got spoiled so easily. I still chose AEW just because the card sounded like a lot of fun and I was NOT disappointed. It feels so WCW I keep expecting that NWO music to hit, but the GOOD part of WCW before things went to shit.
The Dungeon of Doom was a terrible swing and a gigantic miss. It made me really start to lose interest in WCW. Truthfully, Hogan's arrival did that to some degree. Right before Hogan arrived, they were smack-dab in the middle of another Sting vs Flair feud and while that feud had been done a lot, they still had tremendous chemistry. You never knew what kind of dirty tactics Flair was going to employ, and they were generally entertaining. The only time I ever trusted Flair was when he used the Little Stingers to sell the fact he was redeemed and convince Sting to help him...then of course he pretended to fake an injury so Sting would have to face Arn &amp; Pillman alone, leading to the reformation of the Four Horseman and a brutal attack on Sting. Hogan walked in and it was pretty clear that Sting was no longer the top face in the company. He was relegated to being a Hulkamaniac and Hogan's #1 supporter in WCW. He even campaigned for Hogan to get a title match against Ric Flair until the match was finally signed. Obviously this match was the blockbuster everyone wanted to see. It was the one WWE never pushed, despite having Hogan &amp; Flair on their roster at the same time. They just got there in a weird way. By the time Hogan rolled through Flair in the rematch, somehow faced Brutus "The Barber" Beefcake (dubbed The Butcher) at Starrcade for some reason, and exhausted a feud w/ Vader, the WCW fans were tired of saying their prayers and eating their Hulkioos.
WALTER needs to be promoted like this. He’s a beast, a monster, and should not be losing matches in NXT UK.
Cactus Jack did skull bumps like Ibushi does neck bumps.
He seemed really self-conscious about being bald which hindered the early parts but once he finally got past that, he really showed everyone why he was Mr. Wrestlemania in his prime. If he faced AJ Styles instead of Taker/Kane, people would still be talking about how good the match was and begging him for “one more match”
Remember when NXT was the third brand and would be sharing PPV spots with Raw and Smackdown? Lol... WWE just wanted to sell Survivor Series.
There's a Takeover tonight?
Apparently the ability to take skull bumps isn't genetic.
I wouldn't be surprised of Ronda was there. If Shayna shows up and enters the Rumble, then only make sense for her friend to be in attendance. That doesn't mean Ronda *won't* be in the Rumble, but it definitely doesn't guarantee it.
The problem is the insane roster size. 30 superstars isn't nearly enough. If they wanted to get most of the roster in there, plus some surprises, they would need to do a 50+ person Rumble. There have been years in the past when it was questionable if WWE could even *have* a legit 30 person Rumble, especially when WCW was sniping talent left and right. For a while, they needed both members of a tag team to fill it out. We got spoiled when the weak rosters forced them to go all out to grab nostalgia acts and now they have such a huge roster that they can't really make room for nostalgia acts. Keep in mind that they were discussing having representation for NXT in the Rumble at one point, but now that seems to have been thrown out the window for the most part. If they really want to do surprises, or if something changes last minute, they can always just eliminate some of the lower card guys that are scheduled to be in the Rumble.
I feel like this is the best option. The dad can teach him how to get rid of boners all kinds of ways.
I've never heard 16/18 this way. I believe in most places that the age of consent for an 18 year old is 16 and the difference laws prior to 18 is like 3 years.
The law most places is 3 years, so 16/18 is good to go. That's basically two high school kids. A senior and a sophomore. It's not uncommon for seniors to date freshman in most places.
Most non-psychotic dads I knew in my time were like this. You have the occasional lunatic who wants to strangle anyone who touches his daughter, but if it's a good dude and a normal dad, this isn't super uncommon. If these families are close, then he might prefer his daughter to date his friend's son versus the dude with a motorcycle that smokes cigarettes and lives life like a rock star.
That makes sense then.
He had an opportunity to become a wrestler when he was 21-22 and he didn't even show up for training class. Jericho was even willing to finance the entire endeavor if that was what he wanted. If he was going to do it, that was the time. He's 27 now and while it isn't impossible for someone to start training at 27, it's pretty damn late in the game. If you want to compare him to his dad, Chris Benoit had already wrestled in Stampede Wrestling, New Japan Pro Wrestling, completed his first stint in WCW, and was working in ECW by the time he was 27. He already had nine years of actual wrestling for major promotions.
All she needs is to startle the person for a moment and walk off w/ the cart. Some people's naturally reaction would have been confusion, which is what she was going for.
Here's an idea... Have Brock go a tear backstage before the Royal Rumble. Show him dropping a few people with F5s--jobbers for the most part--and sell the fact he's eliminating his competition before the Rumble. The main guys could just be on the floor already or laying amidst broken parts of catering. Then everyone is not only gunning for him, but a few of them are ruled "unable to compete" which frees up room in the Rumble for some surprises.
5 Star Horace. Don't believe me? Look it up. He has a 5 star match.
Wrong. There will be LOTS of spanking.
If MJF wanted to really teach Cody a lesson, he's introduce an Alabama Daddy to lay a proper whippin' on that boy.
Dogs are better than people.
I got the first dog that was 'mine' when I was a kid and dad drove by one on the side of the road. It was a Redbone Coonhound puppy and I swear we literally soul bonded when we saw each other. He started chasing the truck and I screamed until my dad stopped. I named him Buck. He was, unfortunately, an outside dog and my dad wasn't the kind of person who believed in vets. Buck would wander off for a little bit, but he always came home. He started staying at home a lot more as he got older, and then one day, he didn't come home. I hope he knew it was his time and just died peacefully somewhere, but I'll never know for sure.
Well it's glow. You feel it.
Beth needs to get tossed out, holy crap.
I'm okay w/ Charlotte Flair.
Charlotte hasn't won a Women's Royal Rumble yet, so it was time for her to get the accolade.
Not only is Bryan red as fuck from those strap shots, he's fucking bleeding from a couple of em.
Yeah, his return should have been more, but I get WWE being hesitant considering how many concussions he had in the past that put him on the shelf. Crowd was dead on him before he went heel.
I'm okay with that. Really puts over the Fiend. He can start calling himself the Vegan Eater.
Mine too.
Guess we know what you're looking for later on pornhub
Mandible Claw Slam
Riot away.
They finally has Nakamura vs Brock and they're just going to blow it...fuck.
Cain will be 12 or 13.
Drew!!! FINALLY DREW!!!!!!!!!!
Wait until she hears him talk. Drew is the total package.
YOU THINK YOU KNOW ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Seth Rollins at #30 or something?
I predicted Drew, Edge, Roman and Rollins, so pretty close.
The Brock stuff early on was meh, but I kept waiting for Cain to show up and eliminate him, so I was pleasantly surprised when it ended up being Drew instead. Brock threw out a bunch of jobbers for the most part. It wasn't a bad overall performance and since it was done to build up Drew, it's easily overlooked. Edge's return, the reformation of Rated RKO, and him being in the final 4 was amazing. I don't think he's just here for a one-off if he made it to the final 4. I bet we are getting a WM match between him &amp; someone big. Seth would be my top choice. They have history. If AJ is legit hurt and won't be back in time for WM, then they may have to shift things around and do Edge vs Orton. Either way, it's great to see him back. I was what was his "final match" live and always hoped he would get to come back and finish his career on his own terms one day. Roman had a good showing and they're going for Roman vs The Fiend, then everything is in place to make that happen via the Elimination Chamber. The redemption of Drew is such a good story. I can't wait for those video packages as they run down where he was before he left the company.
Drew vs Brock Roman vs The Fiend Bayley vs Shayna Charlotte vs Becky
He made it to the final 4. They don't usually do that for people who just there for 1 match.
That's pretty interesting because it's the second time something like this has happened. By all accounts, Vince wasn't planning to have Taker come back and do another match, but then he started taking bookings at signings and was photographed with several Impact stars. The next thing you know, WWE has something for him to do in Saudi Arabia.
Spinal stenosis basically translates into a narrowing of the spinal canal. It can't be cured, but the symptoms can be alleviated. It's also something that everyone tends to get as they age, just from general wear/tear/daily activity. If you want to understand the reason behind the retirement(s), you have to look at it like this: Imagine you're 35 and the doctor tells you that due to the injuries you've sustained, your neck looks like someone who is in their late 50s and based on the general progression, it'll look like someone who is in their 70s by the time you're 45 if you keep taking bumps. He also mentions things like wheelchairs, loss of bladder control, etc., all the things that go along with severe spinal stenosis, which could occur from one bad bump and a dislocated vertebra or ligament damage. That kind of shit freaks you the fuck out and you realize you got money, so it isn't really worth the risk. Boom, you're retired. Now, 9-10 years goes by. You're 45, which is the age the doctor said you would have the neck of a 70 year old if you kept going, and you've stopped wrestling entirely during that time. The doctor reevaluates you and has GOOD news. You still have the neck of someone in their 50s, but it's improved...more like early 50s instead of late 50s. You've had tremendous progress with stem cell treatments and the long break has lessened the damage that was caused when you used to be in the ring. Having neck of someone in their early 50s at 45 isn't nearly as bad as having that neck when you're 35. The industry has also shifted drastically since you used to wrestle. People are making tons of money. There are Saudi paydays. Vince has caved on his whole 'full time or nothing' schedule that he used to offer everyone back then. There's something called a 'Brock schedule' now and an 'Orton contract' which allows limited work for maximum pay. Is it a risk? Sure. Getting in the ring is always a risk, but there's a thing called risk vs reward, and if you can get a really nice reward for working less dates in a year than you used to work in a month, then sometimes it's worth it...especially if you can go out on YOUR terms versus being forced to retire due to an injury. Also, it's worth pointing out that when Edge retired, a lot of wrestlers said they were working with necks that were in a lot worse shape, but didn't have the financial ability to just retire like Edge did.
Brock gave multiple superstars a chance to prove they deserved a match with him. Only Drew did.
At first I read the headline to say the name was going to change 2 times a day and thought “Well it’s TNA so why am I surprised?”
It happens so often that I always look for it now. It should be random and unexpected, not the constant expectation because of how often he does it.
I was agreeing with you pointing it out.
It’s fucking Okada. This isn’t even an argument to make. People will be watching Okada matches until the end of time.
I feel like I’ve been waiting my whole life for a Drew McIntyre push. This is such an incredible story to tell leading into WM. Drew went from Chosen One to rock fucking bottom, clawed his way back, and now he’s ready to fulfill his destiny. There aren’t many stories in wrestling you can tell like this one. It deserves center stage.
It’s called Reverse Harem, but that’s not that is going on here.
Edge is on a Brock contract so we won’t see him all the time.
Snitches get stitches. 🧵
Paul Heyman really knows how to book a babyface. This is something WWE has really been missing.
I think I've watched Edge's return at least 100 times today and I haven't gotten tired of it yet. That silence...then "You think you know me" followed by the most explosive pop in the modern era. It's chilling and surreal.
Put down your phones and live in the moment...this is being recorded by professionals.
Hmm. I wonder what he was popped for. How long has it been since someone was actually popped for steroids, testosterone, HGH, etc.? It's pretty obvious that a number of guys are on *something*, whether it's medically supervised or not. Most of the people who have been popped in recent memory were hit for not having the right prescription on file with the WWE doctors for something they were taking, or Adderal.
The attack last night by Orton felt like it was too soon. I thought for sure we would get Rated RKO in Saudi Arabia, then a turn to set up a Wrestlemania. I wonder if that means Edge isn't working the Saudi show. I guess they could always just do a random Edge vs "Someone" Match as a tune-up for WM or have Edge return at that show and attack Orton.
They may actually be going in that direction. Bayley was called a 5x champ at the Rumble which includes her NXT win.
If WWE has any common sense they will have The Fiend survive Roman Regina at WM and remain champion until the next Superstar Shakeup when Aleister Black can pick a fight with him. Black is the only guy who can realistically topple The Fiend because he understands the darkness and doesn’t fear it.
He already had the Main Event against Brock &amp; Roman.
Randy remembered how Edge would always dig him out of a hole and realized he just didn’t want that kind of positivity in his life again.
Smells like a teenage girl’s period
Ratings surged after Edge beat Cena for his first title. You literally have no idea what you’re talking about.
RVD proved that it was the right decision after getting arrested following his eventual win.
RVD proved that it was the right decision after getting arrested following his eventual win.
Kane!
Undertaker: Nah, I won't face him. Ever.
I think Paige will keep trying, and that in and of itself may be what eventually brings her back. Medical technology is changing rapidly. New treatments and surgical options are appearing. Stem cell research is getting better by the year. In 5 years, this type of injury may not end anyone's career.
Yep, Hollywood Accounting is a scam. The guy who wrote the Forrest Gump book agreed to less money up front in exchange for a % of the profits but Hollywood Accounting tricks show that the movie has never made a profit.
Emphasis on the D...
This is an enormous benefit to the talent. Yes, revenue from live events is down and WWE has an ulterior motive here, but that doesn't change the fact it will be an incredible change for the wrestlers. They're essentially going to have 2 weeks off per month.
It was the right decision. If they randomly went all-in on Aleister Black after he fought nobodies for a year and had 1 main roster feud, he could have very well had the fans turn against him. Drew, on the other hand, is overdue for a push. His character got stale because he was just trying to be Generic Tough Heel instead of showcasing his personality. He might be a natural heel with his mannerisms, but he's got EVERYTHING that will appeal to mainstream audiences as a tough-as-nails babyface. He's what Roman would have been if he had better mic skills.
Beth &amp; Rey Fenix
It's just one of those things Vince was forced to accept. He wanted Edge to stay retired versus coming back at 46 after being away for 9 years. You can't really blame Vince. The track record isn't great. He's got Orton working a light schedule for a lot of money and at the point he's ready to retire any day now at 39 years old. He's got AJ Styles who's ready to hang it up at 42. He's got Cena who is basically retired at this point at 42. He actually *tried* to phase The Undertaker out, but Taker went and booked himself for fan events and took pictures with Impact Superstars, so he was forced to give him more dates...which led to the awful Goldberg match in Saudi Arabia. Investment wise, they're doing everything they can to build up new superstars like Aleister Black, Drew McIntyre, Ricochet, and capitalizing on Bray Wyatt's new success as The Fiend. There's an already stacked roster, and he's got his "Final Boss" in Brock Lesnar. Vince doesn't really *need* Edge. He doesn't fit into the current storylines and he's only going to work a handful of dates a year. That gives them two superstars now that work limited dates which require creative booking to manage successfully. Edge is a HUGE main event talent, so bringing him back creates another Brock-warp where the guy should be fighting for the World Championship when he's in the ring due to his starpower alone. If they put the title on him, it'll be a similar problem to what they have with Brock, and Vince is milking the last bit of value he can out of Brock right now. But, regardless of how Vince feels, there is no way in hell he was going to let Edge to AEW. If Edge wants another run to end his career on his own terms, he fucking deserves it. He gave Vince the shove he needed by leveraging AEW and now we're living in a truly magical timeline.
They don’t want to crowd the Rhea/Bianca match quite yet. It Charlotte challenges Rhea, then the Bianca match becomes essentially worthless. They want the storyline to be that Charlotte wants Rhea, not the NXT Championship. The Bianca match needs to happen first. Although, if AEW hands them another britches-down butt whoopin’ they may get Charlotte on the show a lot quicker.
WWE is notorious for breaking promises but Andrade/Charlotte engagement has them worried. Andrade is someone who can easily leave the company and work elsewhere. If he goes, Charlotte could go too. They both recently trademarked non-WWE names, which probably has WWE officials squirming a little bit and thinking about the things they promised Charlotte that weren’t delivered.
They call that a butt whoopin’. Second place still makes you a loser.
Cyborg Superman Punch
When business was on a downturn, Shane approached Vince privately and asked for the book. This was while Shane was gone and if I remember correctly, the meeting took place in a warehouse of all places like some covert back room shit. Shane even had a team assembled. Vince declined.
He should have been the one to low blow Brock. It would have made a lot more sense than Ricochet.
Yeah, I agree. It also makes Reigns a top contender for the Universal, where if it was a double elimination, Edge would have had an equal claim to it.
I actually wouldn’t be surprised to see Roman turn heel in 2020. He’s the “Top Face” of Smackdown but The Fiend is a lot more over. Hell, even Daniel Bryan is more over than Roman.
I don’t think Shane is totally out of the running for Vince’s job. It was always thought that Shane would get more of the business responsibilities like Linda had and Stephanie would get more of the storyline/booking like Vince has. Obviously HHH is being groomed for that role now, but things could always change.
Drugs is a hell of a drug
Take it you anvil bitch! Take that hammer! 🔨
Yep, if you’re a power bottom, you’re still getting fucked in the ass.
What did the five fingers say to the face? I’m the hammer, anvil-bitch.
My precious....why should I share my previous with you? I can just use it to cook you! And thus, evolution is a mystery, my friends.
My friend Smarkton Babbowitch?
Fucking savage, bro.
Doubt
Cody probably told him.
Usually when they are removing executives at this level it is because the earnings are disastrous and someone has to pay for it by getting fired. Scapegoat.
They just signed their biggest television deal in history and have a very profitable arrangement with Saudi Arabia. If the revenue is down, it is because they’ve mismanaged something. Vince and HHH just went on a signing spree locking everyone down with 5 year contracts that paid more than what they were previously earning to prevent AEW from snatching up talent. They also took NXT, which was one of the highest watched Network shows, and put it on free TV. It’s possible the earnings will look bad.
Edge’s return was not spoiled, it was rumored. Lots of rumors don’t actually come true. I’ve watched that return over 100 times since it happened, and I knew it was rumored, but I didn’t believe it until I heard “You think you know me”
No matter how this is spun, this is a big deal, and a horrible sign. You don't let high level executives go like this unless there is a reason to do it.
Isn't that a song?
Not really, the Marvel kids cartoons are really, really popular. It would be a way to capture the younger audience that currently eludes WWE.
They would just find another television station when the contract is up. WWE is bound to Fox and USA for a while.
They can make adjustments and afford it if there is potential for a payoff in the long run. Companies do it all the time.
It’s being reported right here in squared circle by a leaker but I think he had to delete the post.
When Seth won the Rumble, he was over. People were excited about a real “Seth vs Brock” match. Unfortunately, WWE spent all their time overbooking Ronda vs Becky vs Charlotte rather than telling Seth’s story. He became an afterthought to the company and thus, an afterthought to the fans. His win was terribly booked. Brock wants to fight first because he isn’t in the main event, he’s the heel, and the face ball-kicks him to win. Seth got a tainted win and the fans got robbed of a proper match between the two and a real coronation for the supposed new face of Raw. It also didn’t help that Roman came back early, which made people scared to get invested in Seth. After WM, everything was a disaster. The first feud after WM is usually a throwaway for the new champion but that’s not always a bad thing. It’s an excellent spot for a riding face or heel to get some recognition or for an old favorite to put over the new champion. Who did Seth get? Baron Corbin, the charisma vacuum. Instead of quickly doing something different, they doubled down and paired him with Becky to continue the Corbin feud. Terrible decision all around.
It’s easy enough to book if they do it right. Kane faces The Fiend in SA and the EC decides who will face the winner at WM.
Don’t even think about buying it before the earnings report next week.
By the power of white girl, I will be offended for you!
After Brock said he was leaving, Vince held a meeting where he challenged the rest of the locker to step it up, and made it clear he was looking for the next face of the company. The only person who approached Vince after the meeting was Cena. He simply went up to Vince and said “I’m your guy.” This was the catalyst for his ascension. Without Brock leaving, this meeting never happens, and Vince never opens his eyes to look for the next guy. We’ve had lots of talented midcarders that got over, then got fed to main eventers until their heat was gone. Cena was over and he was moving merchandise but there’s no way to know if he would have gotten a real push or just got fed to Brock so many times his heat was gone.
It was in one of Cena’s interviews, but that was years ago.
