T h i c c
I hate Dyatlov sooo much. He still blaming others for his mistake!
65~% including gogok. I have 59% and it’s enough to get 20 stacks of chantodo and archon immediately back
Reach paragon 2000, augment every gears at level 110, complete GR120 and I know this is impossible but hopefully go full primal Vrys set lol
Just be single and go full hoe already. Her fiancé is holding her back
The level 25 aura triggers bane of the trapped and also chill effect from your orb. In my frozen orb build I use bane of the trapped, bane of the powerful and Zei’s stone of Vengeance
What kind of hard labor are we talking about here? Like working in a coal mine labor?
Witch doctor #1 leaderboard currently only has 13 hours played with 2600 paragon lmao
You mean if they share any euphoria feeling?
Can we trade for Mike Leake? He would be a good #4/5 starter for us
Those 1-2 numbers you see are leftover stacks. What happens is when you use arcane torrents then immediately go to archon, some of the torrents are still in the air hitting mobs after you go archon so those will counts as stacks for you when you get out of archon
Literally any build is better than thorn necro. I hate their playstyle so much
Really depends on which club. The really popular one like Encore, wet republic and marquee can go for a lot
Porter Robinson DJ sets are definitely heavy and not emotional lol
No that’s what I meant. I probably just worded it wrong.
You don’t wanna play thorn necro in any rift under like 110
Wow you can see some houses in the background. Some people are definitely going to complain about the noises lol
How are you taking hits with energy armor? I find myself dying easily compare to storm armor
Don’t worry about the leaderboard. Just play at your own pace and set goals for yourself. For me I just wanna hit gr120 once and be fully augmented then call it a quit on my wiz and play another toon
Once you have high enough paragon and all of your gears are augmented it’s better to just put rubies or dex in your armor for more toughness.
I love using slow time. There’s no point in using teleport when you’re out of archon. You should have enough Cooldown to get back before any mobs does significant damage to you or teleport to safety right before archon expires.
I fuckin hate summer in Houston. Seriously how is it so much hotter than any other city in America
Just made a N6M4 DH and was able to put together the build with 9/13 ancient gears. Gave it a couple of runs in GR80 and I thought it’s a cool build, granted it’s not as fast as impale. I just wanted something different to play. Still trying to get used to setting up the sentry while remembering to pop rain of vengeance. I made a multi shot as my speed farm build and Jesus Christ it’s squishy as hell. It’s even worst than LoN singularity
Beautifully pressed
Dude it cost $100 million to empower at gr100. $270 mil is nothing.
No surprised. Axwell ^ Ingrosso cancel their set at spring awakening two years ago
I would never attend any ultra outside of Miami and Europe. Always seems like there are issues
I’m baffled at how people giving up on Rosen already. Kid haven’t had the chance to prove himself and Arizona rather have a midget.
Texas is a huge state. All the major cities would vote blue but all the small middle of nowhere counties are still living like it’s the 70’s
Only took Alvarez second at bat to hit his first hr. I lost count how many games it took for white
Lottery literally means teams that didn’t make the playoff
T10 is literally the bare minimum and should not be the standard. T16 should be the level if your gears can be optimized or not
Dominican Republic is such a shit country why would anyone go back there
Swap blur for galvanizing ward. It definitely help my survivability after GR110+. Also I would swap out teleport for slow time time warp rune. 15% increased damage to mobs and your archon slow time takes after the rune on your skill bar so if you pop it before and during archon that’s 30% increase damage.
I really hope they do something about that because only 15 soul is pathetic
The way they worded “as long you have no taken damage in the last 5 seconds” I thought it meant you can’t get hit within 5 seconds for the shield to work so I didn’t use it until I tested it out. As long you have storm armor up with blood bracer, galvanizing ward acts like another layer of shield. I can tank like no other with it
And there are some people in this subreddit saying they can take the heat perfectly fine. Ok but what about other people? If you move it back to June that also means no camping either.
If you can’t afford to go a whole year from now then maybe you shouldn’t go at all
That’s what happens when you have very low self esteem. Keep doing plastic surgery to look fake
You should use frostburn instead to dish out more damage. Are you trying to speed farm? This is the build I’m following [frozen orb ](https://www.d3planner.com/494134409) for bounty or GR I cube pride fall or Aquiss and regular rift I cube nems braces
It’s definitely not good enough for pushing. Even with level 100 augment I feel like gr100 is the limit. Frozen orb is my alt character and I only use it for bounties and key farm
Don’t bash on GW because you don’t see it on the leaderboard. I’m using GW and I’m doing 112 in less than 10 minutes. I literally do not die in a single run. Maybe if I try 120+ I’ll take it off but GW is life saving
I made a LoN singularity last season and I thought this build was too squishy to play until this season when I made a mult shot DH. Wow now that’s unbelievably squishy.
This stage looks insane. Very creative compare to most cookie cutter stage
Imagine being incredibly bad at your job and you literally can’t get fired. Angel Hernandez got it good than anybody on this planet
Ohtani can hit a home run but don’t ask him to throw a ball
You never heard of his virtual self stuff? A simple listen on YouTube and you’ll know how different it is compare to his own Porter Robinson
Neon garden is the only stage for me where I can be sober because techno makes me dance all night
And I would like to see Drew Brees without Payton 🤷🏻‍♂️
That’s not a primal worth switching for. Primal aren’t all end game gears and there’s only a handful worth building for
This is what I need. I’m debating between Raekor hota or vile charge build for my first barb. Do you know how strong is LoN hota compare to Raekor?
I use storm armor and slow time buff too. It makes everything easier and using teleport isn’t needed if you know when and where to get out of trouble.
You need like 56-59%
Holy shit her mother in law isn’t going to like this lmao
The fact you can get to 110 without full ancient is impressive. But you do need more intel which is probably why you’re not doing enough damage. I’m at gr110 and half my gears are all augmented at level 110. Also are you dying often or just not doing enough damage to finish the rift in time
Last night I was able to pull two primal DH shadow helm. One from drop and one from kadala. I wonder what was the odds of that lol
The 100% increase damage while standing still is too good to pass up on. I don’t know any ring or ammy that can do better. Rolling the right stats is the hardest part. Vrys should be doing gr90s with ease, everything literally melts around you
Look how fake her abs is 😂
She’s so heavily photoshopped in her photos
I literally cannot think of a single thing Trump have done that helped America
Who the hell
Now that’s a name I haven’t heard in awhile
Except caserio is under contract. Hey Watson can come to New England if he wants. Texans can’t force him to stay lol
Diablo 2 was tons of fun....15 years ago. I wouldn’t go back playing diablo 2 now that I’m playing diablo 3
Omg my fuckin heart
Nothing is near that venue lol. There’s no convenient parking because there is no parking
His two red rocks tour are sold out almost immediately. He’s very popular and will have no problem selling out any venue
Not just at his own show but other DJs as well. Ekali played in my city last week and the amount of illenium jersey I saw you would think he was playing too lol
I can’t trust someone that thinks the earth is flat
It’s better than Chicago. Spring awakening and Lolla curfew is 10pm
I hope that cop feels dumb for denying the damn president of the raptors team
Does Cleveland count?
I live in Houston. I hate it here. Such a big giant working city and it feels hot ten month out of a year.
You can’t be more tough. LoN mage is literally glass cannon
Please don’t. Just go away
Don’t feel bad. Their city just won the finals
Just made a leapquake barb and it’s pretty fun. Hoping to push around 110 with it
Astros fuckin cheat code. This isn’t fair
The Gorge. Go look it up it’s the best venue in the world
Hmm thinks the nba needs more parity
Lol at those warriors bandwagons
It doesn’t have to be an actual robotic umpire lol. Just invent a strike zone laser box on home plate like like that app in the picture. If a ball goes outside the laser it’ll glow green. If a ball goes inside the strike zone the laser glow red.
Edc not going to sell out until like couple of weeks before the date. It’s not Coachella so you don’t have to worry about when to buy tickets
Holy shit you are a little bitch aren’t you.
You were willing to pay for G Jones. I bet if it was some crappy C tier artist you would have made a post about how day 1 had it better so stfu
You must be a marshmello and chainsmokers fan too huh
LOL that’s some next level OCD. You don’t need to keep low level gems
Smart financial center in Houston is a weird venue for this tour. It’ll be the venue first edm show there I think and it’s entirely seats with a limited amount of standing pit area. It’s a venue suited for graduation and whatever old people listen to
I love when new players play this game and say it’s too easy LOL. You just wait my friend
Except for the one in Houston. They picked the worst venue in the city to hold a edm show. Literally all seats and a pit area that can hold like 100 people. It’s a venue that does graduation ceremony and if you want to see Lionel Richie
That terminator theme remix is honestly one of the greatest song I ever heard
I tried playing thorn last season and I kept reading you have to drag a elite around. How does one drag a elite to follow you
Was hoping for at least a trifecta but bruins really shit the bed in game 7
Tbh Celtics should just rebuild and go younger. Their championship window is closed. Give Brown and Tatum the keys to the offense
Austin gets two nights lol
That’s because there wasn’t any end game content for d2 so you had to play campaign mode. If you want to challenge yourself then you have to play greater rifts level 85+. Anything over 100+ is like playing act 5 Hell in d2
You’re suppose to reroll RoV anyways because that’s not your main damage dealer and it’s on every Nat bow
This exact bow dropped for me and I play sentry build. Reroll RoV into area damage or reduce resource cost whichever you need the most. It’s a very clunky build and takes awhile to get used to but it’s fun for me. I did GR105 with no augment
There’s a article from the Washington post Trump said he thinks his supporters might demand he serve more than two terms lmao fuckin bat shit crazy he is
In Maceo plex b2b Tale of us junction 2 video they had the terminator theme remix and it’s fuckin bangs
Russell and Clint would fit our timeline to stay competitive for the future
This is the first year at a new venue. Last year was at Sam houston race track outside with grass and trees. This year it’s in Baytown which is far as fuck you would have to get a hotel and it’s also at a race track.
Excited for Spencer Brown and Yotto
I HIGHLY doubt this idiot of a cop got a concussion from being “pushed”
Kinda sad for the lack of techno but techno is really not a thing here in Texas and probably will never be
I’m waiting for the lineup for Escape to make my decision but this lineup is making it hard.
The people in Denver and Brooklyn are blessed to have red rocks and Brooklyn mirage for their venues.
Which I’m still waiting for the damn lineup or else my money is going to time warp in New York City
The trance world will lose their shit if it’s oceanlab
I saw them at Vegas this year and would love to see them again but in a warehouse setting. Listening to techno in an open air venue isn’t the same
Could be worst. Chicago festivals ends at 10
The venue in Houston is all seats and has a pit that only holds 200 people. The pit cost $260 after fees lmao
Groove
I can’t understand why they would pick venue that has pits and seats. The only logical explanation is maybe they don’t want people to create a mosh pit at the show lol
Underwhelming announcement. Yea it’s their first time at dreamstate but I feel like you can catch them anywhere. Was hoping for oceanlab comeback because why else would you bring them to dreamstate
Damn that’s insane. Illenium gonna rake in so much money in this tour. Seven lions alchemy tour was $260 after fees for the pit in Houston lol
Maybe there’s a chance they play some throwback or maybe not but not announcing it as group therapy doesn’t mean anything
I find it hard to believe they couldn’t book this tour at revention center since there’s no event that day. If they’re worried about capacity or want to make more money then NRG arena is another alternative since camp nowhere is having their event there. Having a auditorium venue with seats for a bass show is fuckin terrible
Yankees about to sweep the Astros aren’t they
Went there for a high school graduation. It’s an estimate number but it’s not very big. Everyone is gonna be on their seats. Pit is priced $260 so they don’t need to sell a lot to fill it up
New venue state of the art probably five years old. 6000 people capacity but unfortunately they’re all seats. They have to remove the seats in the front to make a pit area. Went there for high school graduation and it’s just a giant auditorium. They host orchestra events and concerts like Lionel Richie and shit. This would be their first edm show so don’t expect the sound to be any good because the venue wasn’t built for that
The disrespect to Hopkins. He should be #1 and everyone gets bump down
Find it hard to believe anybody would think some dude would rape a cow. Just look at her
I fuckin hate houston
I can’t wait to see him tomorrow at camp nowhere. Odesza, Zhu and Gryffin is the lineup and my friends are more excited to see Gryffin than zhu lol
Like every edm show there’s going to be a couple of opening DJs to get the place busy then the main DJ toward the end of the night. No main DJ start at the beginning when door opens
Vrys chantando was my first build. It’s stupid OP and eventually I got bored of it since I don’t really care for leaderboard. N6M4 is kinda fun for me once I get used to the mechanic because it plays really clunky
Rather vote for Bernie Sanders dinosaur ass
Houston date is sooo far from now
If he’s playing the guitar or drums then it’s a live set. If he looks like every other DJ you see on stage at shows or festivals turning the knob and bobbing his head back and forth then it’s a DJ set
I don’t need a car but it’s fuckin nice to have one
As far as I’m aware according to Lordfluffy on YouTube he said there’s no breakpoint for singularity
CP made supreme in other colors?
The same for the venue in Houston. It’s a 6000 seat capacity with a very limited pit area. I don’t understand some of the venue they picked for this type of show
According to /nba_draft Bol Bol is a top ten pick because of his raw talent
Saturday is both days. They don’t even sell single day
The reason why you’re out of arcane quick is because you got the wrong rune for storm armor. It should be power of the storm rune. Let’s you spam arcane torrents then you should have enough stacks for chantodo. Also you need around 54-59% cooldown reduction. If you’re dying a lot replace unwaveringly will for galvanizing ward. Make sure your chantodo source has crit for arcane power too
I can’t believe some people thought he was a top ten pick even with his injury. Dude got bust written all over
You won’t see moshing at techno or trance stage. Moshing usually occurs at the main stage
I think he only got this far because of his father’s name
Wow I didn’t think 2 in a single drop is possible. Go buy the lottery
Same they were one of my fav. Sadly can’t get my hands on them anymore
I just did the Vrys set dungeon today and literally had one monster left and I couldn’t find that little shit
The presale they did this year was like a super early early bird special, first time they ever did that. They haven’t done their regular sale yet
That Maceo Plex b2b Tale of Us set from junction 2 is the fuckin business
Played this for a week and at first it was cool but then I got tired awhile when I keep having to do leap, leap, leap, slam rotation.
Which skill proc holy cause passive to heal you?
Just go after everybody why don’t you
Damn that 21 year old kid is strong
Literal attention whore
Manning is a great REGULAR season quarterback. He’s like the James Harden of football but that’s it
I’m really digging this
I need to try this build. I played Raekor for a week and it was headache inducing. I also seems to die a lot, hows the survivability on this?
Lord Jesus every post is a pic of her ass
I feel bad for him now
Nothing you can do will make your roll last all night. That’s not how mdma work. It’s not like weed or coke where you can keep taking it. You’ll have a max of 2-3 hours of peak and then it’ll just go down from there
Houston is the worst tourist city. People come here to work and raise a family
I hope the rangers gets close enough or tie the division by all star break so the front office can actually do something about our pitching. I don’t want to wait by the deadline just for a trade like verlander. Make it happen right now
I absolutely hate how long it takes to charge a iPhone XS
Your gloves are good. Reroll life per hit to crit damage. Are you having trouble staying alive? Remove blur passive and use galvanizing ward it’s better and pretty much gives you double shield. You have 58% cooldown You should only last 2-3 seconds out of archon so you don’t need in geom in your cube. You really just need more crit damage and that’ll come in time. Are you jumping into archon at the start of the rift? It’s still too early to augment. I would only do that if I can solo gr90 . Also don’t cube CoE, that’s only for pushing anything past gr110. What you want is Halo of Karini for your storm armor skill. Also don’t use boom of the hoarder, there’s no need for that gem. Use bane of the powerful or stricken if it takes too long to kill rift guardians
You should play another wiz set. Vrys set is hard if you don’t know what you’re doing because you need all the right gears to play it correctly and you can’t use RotG either
Some of seven lions new tour venue are mostly seats with limited pit space. Don’t even know why he picked the venue that he did
More reason why I’m not going to seven lions alchemy tour. Entire venue is mostly seats
I had to fast forward during the dog shooting scene
Only reason why I’ll pick holy ship over friendship is because holy ship has better lineup. Destructo and his friends isn’t enough to convince me but holy ship does have a lot of brad and chad now since it’s not exclusive anymore and all the OG went to friendship
There’s finally justice in this world
This kid is gonna be so good. Higher ceiling than Correa
I know a win is a win but this felt like a loss. Astros bats still sucks and pretty much everyone is back. Need to get their head out of their ass
Consider yourself really lucky if you can get primal from Kadala. It’s stupid rare
He’s way far more important than Capela. I live in Houston so I see some rockets game and that dude is one useless center.
I’m so damn tired of all these rumors. Everyday it’s a different possibility
Not just leave Boston but to leave down to the damn Brooklyn Nets.
And proceed to do the complete opposite of that
I just complete my LoN WOL and wow this is glass cannon as fuck. I actually think it’s even worst than LoN singularity and UE multishot
You can’t reason with Republicans voters. They’re fuckin idiots
Only because there’s literally nobody else on your team is good. That entire rosters is absolute dog shit without kemba. You don’t have anybody else to build around and still hoping for MKG to break out
Putting white behind Alvarez was dumb. Even if there was no out I would still IBB Alvarez just to get to white
LOL TOO STRONG. Buddy just wait until you’re in greater rift 100+. Five minutes in floor 22 isn’t even good
I’m scared of Derrick Henry more
Damn that’s too long. Im in a ten team league with three bench
Hope that guy has a long career. Family gene made out of glass
No surprised. West Virginia is a literal shit state
I rather he buy the patriots and never become president. That’s a preferred timeline I rather be in and I’m a patriots fan
Think of all of the koalas and kangaroos 😞
I can’t believe some regular joe wearing a patriots gears fuckin this up for the organization
I’m actually rooting for the bills to win. The amount of broken tables and injury that’s bound to happen is gonna be catastrophic
Dont underestimate the lions to take a tight end in the top 10 again
Conley actually been playing better than Joseph since he got traded
Houston got some bipolar ass weather. This is really nice weather for January. It’s usually depressing and cold
Just need a legit wr1 in the draft or FA
I think O’Brien probably knew he fucked up
Mid 40s. The city would literally shut down and cancel school if it gets in the 20s even when there’s no snow
Buffalos offseason is to add more offense. It’s borderline pathetic like the patriots
Henry gonna get like 300 yards
God damn Doctson/coleman/treadwell were MEGA bust who didn’t even contribute literally anything to their team
Argh Michel is ass
This offense is ASS. First round running back and wide receiver and nothing to show for
You stfu lmao you picked the guy that literally lies nonstop everyday
You really have no idea what is communism
Actually by Henry
Chargers? Their offense is a massive upgrade over ours. The colts? They have a Oline that can protect him and a better running game.
There’s some dumb trump supporters on reddit that thinks having a Democrat president will lead to communism lol
Singletary is a stud. Wish they stop giving the ball to gore and just feed singletary like he’s josh Jacobs
Lmao same I miss posting in the Astros sub
Are the liberal party in Australia considered the bad guys? In America they’re the good guys while conservative are evil
I can’t believe hot fried pickle isn’t a thing yet
Looks like they blew all of their money on Kaskade. A lot of recycle artist or artists that already played in Texas at stereolive
Having 5-6 guys scoring 15+ is having depth. Having three guys scoring 30+ is not. That’s actually the opposite of having depth
You don’t need to stay at a specific hotel for the pool party you want to go to. You just buy tickets online and go there. Wet republic (MGM grand), encore beach (Wynn) and Marquee (cosmopolitan) are the three biggest pool parties to go to. EDC people are gonna be staying literally everywhere in Vegas so just pick a hotel you can afford
There’s a shuttle in downtown every year since they’ve been doing it. Downtown actually has the fastest line since not a lot of people stay over there
I do not know a single person that still banks with Wells Fargo
Jesus Christ India is all sort of fucked up. Seems like that country has more rape problems than anywhere else
Forreal unless we can somehow bend the law of physics, humanity is not leaving this solar system even a hundred years from now
Seven years seem too long
Yea that subreddit is probably one of the worst subreddit of all reddit. Literal cesspool of delusional idiots
Really hope this game doesn’t let me down
This dude ain’t good. Be lucky enough to even be a backup
How is this game when it comes to gears? Do you farm for rare gears or is it very skill based like PoE
Your friends eventually isn’t into that life anymore and it’s hard to find new group of people to go with
God damn Harden is inefficient
Same. I have no idea why slander promotes themselves as feels music and when it’s anything but. Trance and Above &amp; Beyond are feels, bass music are not
I wanna know if that kid got kicked out of football
When Harden is bad he’s real bad
It’s definitely booked they’re just not releasing it to create more hype.
It’s definitely booked they’re just not releasing it to create more hype.
I love vdara suite. Stayed there two years
What baffles me is when there’s a terrible tragedy and you somehow overcomes it and you praised god for it but forget how you were in it in the first place.
Browns gonna look for another head coach in two years
You also have BoB who is literally an idiot
This choke is worst than 28-3 because KC scores four td in one damn quarter
O’Brien gotta be a bottom ten head coach...Watson is the only reason why he still has a job
That’s an amazing feat actually. It’s one thing to lose a 24 point lead by the end of the game but it’s another to do it in one quarter
Doesn’t matter if you have a stud LT if your defense is still trash
Honestly they would probably choke a 40 point lead if given the chance
51 points in three quarters is unreal
Kansas City. 51 points. In three quarters. Fuckin unreal
Trump is white so it’s ok for him to golf as many times as he want. Obama on the other hand...
Mid stop is the shuttle to take. It’s like a ten minute walk across the street. Stayed at Vdara twice and would recommend it. But beware you need to buy the mid stop when it goes on sale immediately because they’re the first to sell out
The field could be 300 yards and the chiefs would still be able to score a touchdown in a minute
Yes I don’t wanna get freaky with a girl then suddenly I felt a boner from her
There was no evidence they cheated in 2019 and they lost all their home games too
Agree this bengals team isn’t as bad like the giants or the dolphins despite their record. Burrow is gonna have weapons to throw to
No reason for that when hers is already big
It’s so crazy that trump supporters think Sanders is gonna bring a communist country. Those idiots literally don’t know wtf communist mean. America will never be a communist country whether there’s a democrat or republican president
America would be better if trump supporters didn’t exist just saying
The craziest part is the Las Vegas raiders new stadium is named after Allegiant stadium lol
Can’t believe he was a patriots
I don’t care if they copy afk arena or idle heroes, more content would be nice
Damn I never thought about putting cream cheese in my hot dogs
My favorite is when the stock market is doing well and unemployment is low it’s because of Trump.
Pool parties are the best. Night clubs gets way too pack
Is this one of the most hyped game in recent memory?
What a dope wallpaper!
Probably a bad idea to run away when it happen and dump the gun
Damn only 200? Might just get the two epic fragments then
Jesus Christ high school kids are literally idiots. Hope the shooter goes away for awhile
I was hyped for iron saga only to be disappointed an hour later and deleted the game. About to give this a try
Can the cavs build around sexton and garland?
Some people (trump supporters) don’t want universal healthcare because it’s CoMmUnIsM
6 looks like she would ruin my life
God damn are yoga pants distracting everywhere
What the fuck is up with this guy
He’s VERY raw playing a already hard position if he gets drafted. Only played five games in 2016 and only 435 yards this season in a explosive LSU team. He’ll only get drafted because he’s randy moss son. Anybody else this guy would go undrafted
I’m amazed he’s shootings 44% this seasons it seems like he’s shooting 30% every night
They would vote for a ham sandwich if it had a R next to its name. That’s the problem with this country. They’re too knees deep to change and are forever a Republican or rather not let the Democrats win. I guarantee if Obama was a Republican the same people that hates him would praise for him
What? All my friends from Cali that moved here to Houston was because it’s expensive lol not because some damn policies
As an Asian guy myself these Asian girls with fake lashes looks completely different without them lol
I wonder how much before the season started
I really hated SF backfield this season. Didn’t know who would go off
I’m so glad to see Jimmy G playing in the super bowl on his own
I feel like SF robbed the patriots trading for Jimmy G. So glad he’s playing in the super bowl I’ll be rooting for SF
Trading for Jimmy G certainly helped
A fuckin tight end
Karrie in a rainbow lineup is the best and easiest copy to get. She’ll mow down anyone. Easily one of my favorite hero
She’s the best tank in the game. Karrie is the best pure damage dealer but Xborg is the best overall tech hero. This dude in my server with the highest ranking plays with three Xborg in his lineup
Till this day I still can’t believe this man is a president. America truly has hit its low. Our forefathers are laughing in their graves
Wow that’s the saddest thing I’ll read all week. If I was the owner I would have beaten that mustang ass
Jollibee sucks
Holy fuck that’s so sad I would sue that mustang owner so hard he won’t be able to afford another car
Dude trying to save his face.
If the playoff starts today they would lose to Denver in the first round
I honestly can’t stand this guy playstyle. Is he allergic to shooting midrange or something?
Harden going 1/17 for 3s certainly helped
Lmao harden isn’t sniffing mvp this season when Westbrook is carrying the team
All season my dude
I have this on both side. Doesnt bother me at all and no pain. My dentist did say to get surgery and after watching some YouTube videos I decided that’s never going to happen lol
OKC got one of the most loyal fan base
Joker and Porter on the same team isn’t fair
Looks like the mustang driver deactivated his Facebook
Agree. Our defense isn’t that good lol
In other words, the rich can visit the poor but the poor can’t visit the rich lol
It’s like putting a gun at someone. Sure I didn’t actually shoot someone but the intent is there
You’re crazy right? Literally all trump supporters are uneducated. Just look at all the red states. All bottom rankings in education
I’m not sure if it’s possible
Imagine being so poor you have to eat rats
I can’t even trust trump to put together a five year old birthday party
There’s an abundant of chicken, pigs and cows and they taste delicious. You can’t sit here and say exotic animals they eat taste the same.
It’s not even about cultural difference. Australian eat kangaroo meat because it’s a country full of kangaroos. The south in America eats gators because there’s a bunch of gators. Koala is NOT even from China. They would have to import that animal.
Because we breed pigs and cows to eat and they’re actually full of meat. I’m all for culture eating different animals I’m fuckin Asian I would know but koala isn’t one of them. Koala has STD why would you eat them
If there was no salary cap how much would Mahomes be worth per year on a open market
That fact the country made it this far and have billions of people is amazing
China needs to stop eating weird shit and maybe this wouldn’t happen
I always bet on queen Alice in honor arena
That’s not how blurred out means in a lineup. Any time there’s a blurred name it means that artist is already playing a show somewhere in the radius before the festival.
Apparently it was a gas leak explosion
Surprised chainsmokers are not in both ultra and Tomorrowland lineup
He did some tour around the US last year so I’m sure some of his friends did catch him then
A lot of them are Europe exclusive DJs. Take them away and it’s pretty much the same as Ultra
Trump supporters are the biggest snowflakes
Ticket sales. If the artist is playing in my city but he’s also playing in a festival the next city over I’ll just go to that festival instead. That’s why if you see blurred names on festivals it means that artist is already playing somewhere near by but won’t reveal it until after the show
Feels like you need a lot of money to even get these girls to look at you
Your chance of entering shop is literally 1%
Is looks really young
Yea you can that’s what my group did and a lot of people out there. They’ll forfeit their transportation tickets to guarantee a spot
No matter how much I listen to her I just can’t get into it. Don’t understand behind the hype
People like those want to believe there’s an afterlife when something tragic like this happens to comfort themselves and others
I really don’t understand why we need to have the biggest and best military in the world. Who are we invading?
It would legit take harden 45 field goal attempts to get 50 points
So there’s like 0% of getting any easy tent pass?
This is China. They literally don’t know anything about safety lol
This is China. They literally don’t know anything about safety lol
China doesn’t have amazon so...
That’s actually the saddest part. If I bet on the Texans I would have counted my money already lol
God damn this child is so insecure. Who the fuck talks like that
I’m pretty sure it’s Texas or Alabama
I want to open all my frags so bad
If it can save money then they don’t care
Ubbi dubbi in Dallas is worst
I love armin but I’m picking the cube. It’s out of this world
Forreal. Why fly to another country if the music doesn’t interest you at all? Is it for the gram? Just go to a amusement park
From Houston and went to my first clippers game. I was really disappointed when they announced kawhi wasnt playing
Alan Walker was terrible when I saw him
Asian style crawfish &gt; Louisiana Cajun
Is it worth it to go out of your way to farm AP?
I just started and 3s are hard for me lol. Gonna be awhile to get above 15
I hate doing those. Trying to get my conflict and strafe essence from PvP island expedition win. I’m like 0-10 so far lol
I have a question for hitting my first 500 conquest bar. Do I find the npc to turn the quest in and get the reward or wait for reset tomorrow and then get the reward
Where does MW monk rank in healing compare to other healers
As someone who just got into wow a month ago, corruptions is stupid.
Resurrected corpse of Hitler could probably speak better English than Trump
I can’t imagine leveling without heirloom and no xp buff
People act like shadowlands is coming next month or something. It’s coming at least November. Still a long ass time from now to do every content in the game. Just do flying for BFA should take like two weeks casually playing
Do you know which dungeon is the best to farm monk transmog?
When you tweet as much as he does you’re bound to find a tweet for everything
Asians on Reddit demonizing you?? Where? I’m Asian and they heavily support BLM on IG and twitter
People shouldn’t just be protesting against police brutality. They need to protest against them MAGA too. They’re the epitome of racism
Sure but also the people working for those stores are temporary out of a job
Awesome I did not know that’s a thing in Houston
So I could hypothetically go a whole month without finding the transmog drop I want?
I honestly hate when DJs stop playing to tell people to sit down then jump.
Wonder where Harden at? Probably at a strip club lol
Biden needs to win a good margin so Trump can’t doubt there wasn’t some election being rigged. If Biden wins by like three millions votes and the electoral college you know Trump gonna raise hell
Being in Houston i just wish Texas would flip to blue. Hypothetically if Biden won blue what the odds of him winning presidency.
And Christians people will still say at least he’s more Christian than Obama
Entire state of Minnesota would burn down to the ground if he’s acquitted
Is this guy a big trump supporter too or something
That literally explains everything
Literally everybody benefited from a long ass break
Biden is absolutely the right candidate to take out Trump. After that who knows
Brees is from Texas raised as a conservative Christian military family. It’s no surprised he really thinks kneeling is a disrespect to the flag..along with every conservatives out there
Baytown is an hour away from Houston and absolutely trash of a city
You probably live in Pasadena or something. It’s not 25 minutes drive from downtown or southwest Houston where everybody is at
Just started wow a month ago and I’m ilvl 440. I’m scared to go join 5+ and up because I’m afraid I won’t be able to pull my own weight
I just started but what does warfront gets you
I just completed the heroic dark shore and didn’t get anything. I also died during the last boss while he got killed if that matters. I only got 500 AP as reward
The corruption is stupid but I kinda wish they kept essences and azerite trait. It’s not a bad idea
Especially when you have the GTFO addon and it just beeps nonstop
WW monk is pretty engaging. I’m constantly pressing like 8 different skills lol
I don’t think anybody on earth would truly take a bullet for him
He can’t form complete sentences. It’s hard for him to literally make anything sound clear
I’m Asian and my boomer uncle called Bernie a communist lol. Apparently there’s a Asian Fox News version on YouTube somewhere that spoon feed him propaganda
So this what the conservatives meant when they said BuT Muh FrEeDoM
You’re a trump supporter aren’t you
I wonder how advanced the entire world would been if religion never existed
Dude grew up in Georgia a racist ass state. I’m not surprised
Supporting a sport team isn’t the same as being white and growing up in the Deep South state known for racism
How the fuck is this Ben Shapiro guy is so popular? Yea he can speak fast but he utters a lot of bullshit
Every. Single. Tweet. Is real lol
I’m 445 and gets declined for +2 lol
Taysom Hill should absolutely be literally #40. He’s a gadget player with a QB title
I wished I watched some YouTube videos for my first run. I wasted 4 keys when I first started out lol
I hope ten years from now the Republican Party would cease to exist. They have never been the party for the people
Isn’t Texas pretty close right now? Last I saw the polling they were tied. A fighting chance at least
Can god remove one specific person like Trump?
The irony is his supporters actually don’t see tyranny or fascism in Trump but they’re definitely vocal about behind against it
Stupid horrific vision is the stupidest thing in the game. I wasted three vessels trying to go rank 7 to 8 and I already had 1/2 page
It is. This was my first horrific vision run in stormwind and I’m a horde player so navigating around the map was difficult
I love monk. Just played wow for the first time last month and monk was my first character I made and I stayed with it. It’s never boring since you can’t spam the same skills due to mastery
Just started wow last month and currently ilvl 445. Doing horrific vision gotta be one of the most tedious and annoying mechanics in the game.
What does abberations mean?
I’m 445 I’m struggling to find ways to get higher gears lol. I get declined all the time if I want to do 5+ I have no real way to farm higher gears
Joined a random guild and they only do high key runs 15 and up. When I ask if anyone can help run do low keys like 4-5 no takers
I’m on Illidan server if that matters
A lot of uneducated people on facebook defending of vandalizing Columbus. Saying we have to celebrate the discovery of America and totally forgot about how he discovered America in the first place
I main a ww monk but wanna make a mm hunter for my second character. The thought of going thru all the zones and horrific vision runs again makes me want to throw up lol.
They said sometime in November
Republicans are some of the stupidest people on the planet
Amazing a lot of dumb people thinks Columbus was a good dude that discovered America with no other people already occupying it
I don’t understand the appeal of fast food spaghetti
Does anybody actually use yahoo for anything anymore? I only use it for fantasy sports
In Houston there’s a edm Halloween festival called freaky deaky they’re releasing the lineup today lol
Not really active :/
Why does republicans hate America so much
This one is in Baytown which is kinda far
I’m almost positive this was the same lineup as last year minus the headliners lol
How did this guy stay a senator for like 20+ years. Conservatives really don’t vote for their best interest
Yea his career is probably over now
Dude stfu you’re a trump supporter. Your opinion is literally shit
He lost the popular vote tho? I mean half of America are literally dumb so it’s no surprise there’s enough people out there that voted for him. Republicans will always always vote R no matter who it is. A ham sandwich could run for president and they’ll vote for it
He could start world war 3 and still get the same approval
How did the south get so red? Back when JFK and jimmy carter days they were all blue
Throw this guy to the fuckin sun
That’s really OP when you can instant kill a RG like that lol
I absolutely hate essence and corruption. The grind is real
It’s real but I’m sure it’ll get cancelled
It’s really sad when you hear people say stuff like making the liberals cry and such is a valid reason to support trump. They live in a sad reality
And trump said the election was rigged even though he won. Maybe it was rigged because if you lost the popular vote you shouldn’t be president
I play on Illidan server as horde and I join alliance side under Mercenary for BG and have a better win rate than on horde side lol
There’s a lot of successful IG models but Anna really somehow sucks at it
conservatives subreddit still talks about Hillary
I have never seen Trump and his wife show any affection at all
Did you...think trump presidency is anything but professional? By looking at your post history you’re one of those bat shit trumpsters
You got jokes man. Have you seen the current state of America in the last four years
He’s everything Corey Davis should have been
I just started playing wow for the first time a month ago. I’m still really behind so I can’t imagine trying to grind even more if I made a second character from now until shadowlands
Your prime minister ever made a big deal about VoTeRs FrAuD?
That’s how peak trump supporters look like
I’ll never understand that mindset. It’s like me being a yankees fan seeing a Red Sox fan pissed off but at the same time baseball season is cancelled but hey Red Sox fans tears are tasty
And trump is soooo dumb it’s not even funny.
Which weapon is that? Planning to make a Druid myself
I’m convinced he never wrote an essay in his life
I reallyyyyy want Texas to turn blue. Feels like a first world version of Alabama sometimes
Lmao this guy is a fuckin hypocrite
This is the worst arguing point. People need to open a damn book and learn about history not by a statue
There’s a high school in Houston named after Robert E Lee
Those people will vote R literally no matter who’s in office. They’re so loyal to that party.
Am in Texas too. We’re like Alabama but more diverse
I would definitely vote for a doormat
Our night clubs and pool clubs are open with no restrictions
Guarantee those two Karens are trump supporters
Wtf is wrong with the jets? They seems to hit on their draft on the defensive side more often than not but can’t keep them beyond their rookie contract
Broo I would’ve stabbed his ass when he’s knocked out the fuck he deserves it
Mississippi is one giant shit hole
“Gay conservative”. How is that possible?
As much as I hate Trump I literally haven’t heard anyone talking about this date or celebrating it until the media kept forcing it in my head
Is it worth watching? A lot of hype before the season got released but haven’t heard anyone really talking about it
That’s actually pathetic lmao. What’s the point of a rally in Tulsa? Not like he needs to convince the people there to vote for him
The worst part is that comment had likes too and even a heart wtf
I’m convinced anybody that can listen to trump for more than two minutes is brain dead
I don’t understand this. Why subject yourself to a meaningless rally? Trump is the worst motivational speaker ever and you rather sit there looking bored and risk catching the virus
Electoral college let us down. Hilary should’ve been president today
America needs someone like AOC and Yang to hold higher power of position. And maybe Beto if it wasn’t for his crazy gun law proposal
How does a protestor keep from someone going to a rally? It’s not like they’re blocking the entrance
The world needs to be more like Czech Republic.
He should do texas. No income tax, hurricanes every year and now houston about to be one of the worst hit city
Entire country of Czech republic is atheist too
Get a good graphic card. The game isn’t demanding but you don’t wanna play if it looks like potato either
This is exactly it. I neglected mechagon and nazjatar too long and now just getting into pathfinder. The grind is too much
I always wonder but does one car brand have any advantage over another? Like driving a Chevy or Toyota?
Holy shit it’s just a piece of fabric to cover your mouth why is everyone getting their pussy hurt by it
Honestly this is the right answer. From Mississippi, Alabama, West Virginia and such they’re nothing but giant shitholes. Nobody ever goes there for vacation or start a family. They’re welfare states that depends on blue states to survive. If they broke off from America they’re pretty much a third world country. Their education and healthcare sucks. Fuck the south
Trump is the epitome of fake news
Is world quest already unlock for boosted character?
I hate how corruption resistance is weekly capped. Even if I’m doing both for +6 resistance I’m still like three months behind compare to people that started out
This catch up mechanic for corruption resistance is stupid. Doing a weekly lockout is never a catch-up
In a normal democracy with no interference Clinton would be president today
Everything is a competition to him. Having the smallest or biggest numbers
I’ll never understand slavery. Were people so fuckin lazy back then?
Good thing you don’t play diablo 3. Easily bored after two weeks. Wow has enough content to last me for months
It really should be account wide for rank 15
How is it every single republicans out there local and state are a bunch or scum bags?
It’s the best if you’re ultra rich. But America is just a third world country with a Gucci belt. I would even say Germany is better than America and they started world war 2
How does anyone look at him and say he’s the epitome of peak alpha male status
Just started wow two months ago and WW monk is my main. They’re fun and engaging especially in pvp. My only concern is self healing if I don’t use conflict and strife as major essence
Guarantee this guy doesn’t travel outside the US
So what happens when you say you have one million USD. That’s too many zeroes to convert lol
Just started playing wow for the first time two months ago. My cloak is only rank 10 and I absolutely hate running vision and dying which are wasted. Also farming for coalescing vision and echos. They should at least make those account wide
Is it really 3 buttons? I play WW monk and in pvp I would press like ten buttons lol
I love when racist people gets fired from their job
Jesus Christ he’s so god damn stupid and anyone who still support him needs to jump off a cliff
I live in Houston and let me tell you all the bars and nightclubs opened like coronavirus went away
A lot of people here thinks wearing a mask= taking my freedumbs away
Uhh how would living on Uranus be like hypothetically
The only apple product I own is an iPhone but I always browse Microsoft store because of the variety of products they have. The Apple store itself isn’t even interesting
If Biden wins Texas then I’m taking out my finest liquor. I can’t see any path to victory for trump if he loses Texas
Solomon Thomas should be near the very top. A lot of players 15-20 should be top 5 just base where they got drafted
I’m so glad we fuckin pick Tatum over Fultz lol
You can’t convince me any trump supporters out there are actually good hearted people
Sorry but if Newton is completely healthy I rather have him than Stidham. He can sit down another year
I love when trump supporters always say trump isn’t racist. ShOw Me PrOoF.
Bush GOP was the last real conservatives party. The current GOP is extremely far right meanwhile current democratic would be what conservatives are in other parts of the world
At first I hated mechagon because it’s time gated for their daily’s but it wasn’t so bad and the map was fairly small plus you can use jet pack to get around. But then I absolutely hate nazjatar which is my last rep to get revered. Fuck that zone
Rank 3 blood of the enemy is the ultimate grind. Just gotta play BG daily until you get bored
Funny how the conservatives subreddit haven’t even mention this yet. It’s mostly about BLM
What is it that military will always support republicans president compare to democrats
That subreddit was literally the most cancerous subreddit in history
That’s him
Sometimes I’m not even convinced she’s engaged
Now just imagine if it happened under Obama. Those same people just brushing it off would demand impeachment
He’s a fourth round pick and even then they generally have a very low chance to be a successful starter compare to most first round picks QB. Odds are against him and he’s not that physically talented or have the tools to be above average in a very complex offensive system.
