I hope he gave his staff safety goggles to protect against eye damage from protruding nipples.
All these comments and yet no one has sounded the trumpet of Jihad?
So if piercing requires either being 18 yo OR parental consent, she may not be able to get a piercing, but her baby can, right?
The easiest way around this kind of harassment is just name the baby 'Hilter'.
Bull - nobody with cocaine is busting it out with 80 other people around.
Yeah, that's exactly what a robot would say! Nice try!
It's based on my own observations - Bernie bros have a worldview that someone else is always responsible for making sure that whatever shit they get into is fixed for them. Conservatives are self reliant. Nothing weird about it at all, lol.
I hope all you asshole environmentalists know you're to blame for the demise of the world's most awesomest creation ever, the McD LT - all your crybaby bullshit about 'please stop destroying the earth' pressured McD's into doing away with the special 2 compartment polystyrene containers that kept the cool side cool and the hot side hot! Did you ever consider that if the only way to save the earth is to live in a world where there are no McD-LT's, maybe it's not worth saving?
was going to say 'I'd hit that', but then I saw the eyebrows.
Pride is so over rated.
Well, here's one - http://www.aappublications.org/news/2017/09/01/IDSnapshot082917 Don't let the moron who usually works the register at the drugstore or supermarket give you vaccine shots. No, vaccines don't cause autism, but untrained non doctors shouldn't be administering vaccines, and doing that wrong does and has caused serious injuries to people. The government does maintain a compensation fund to pay people who have been injured by improper vaccine administration, 90% of the payouts are to adults for SIRVA claims.
Yeah, we should have quit that before we ended up with Justin Bieber though.
Meh, I'd gather up everything in the apartment that's hers, put it in storage, put a note on the door giving her the info on the storage location and that it's paid for 2 months, change the locks, and ghost her in return. Move as soon as the lease runs out, and leave no forwarding address.
The alternative would be deflation, which incentivizes people to postpone making purchases because they know the prices will decrease over time. The USD losing purchasing power over 100 years isn't making anyone less wealthy, unless you're 100 years old and your retirement plan was jamming wads of paper currency under your mattress.
You ever think he's an adult and perfectly capable of cleaning the fuck up after himself? Stop excusing asshole behaviors. Making excuses for this kind of ignorant behavior reinforces the ignorant behaviors.
Send me 500 vbucs or im calling yur dad every night to reminf hm to beet you.
Your mother is a genius, and possibly the best mom ever!
The terms of the treaty ending the Lebanese civil war required ALL militias to disarm iirc - seems no one is interested in actually enforcing those terms?
My old Aunt Ceil absolutely refused to believe Liberace was gay, and would argue with people who made comments about it.
Wow, 25 years, and he still hasn't sprung his plan to murder you? Got to respect the long con!
Whoa there! WTF do you think, this is Christmas?
So, it's a Cat?
How about believing that Dan Rather wasn't fired for abusing his position as a 'journalist' to promote lies he made up, instead of reporting the actual truth? Dan Rather has been a liar his entire career and should just stfu and go away.
Hot Chick is going to be so jealous when she sees this dude in his cool new Bud Light poncho!
'Retarded' was an accepted medical term for those whose mental / cognitive development had been retarded (slowed / cut short).
From her profile pic, it looks to me like she could skip the makeup, hair, weight loss and wrap up whatever she really needs to do in under 5 minutes.
I can also unclog toilets and move garbage cans to the curb. What do lesbian couples do when their toilets clog - do they just move to a new place?
Ha! Girls unclogging a toilet? I'd sooner believe a girl could do something about the mousetrap with a mouse caught in it.
Meanwhile, someone in Hezbollah is bitching that after they got the info from the UN, somebody in Hezbollah tipped off Israel that they got it.
What did they feed the hippo to get it to gain so much weight - wedding cake?
Couldn't they have just booked adjacent seats when they bought their tickets? Seems the problem is they either waited too long to board or waited too long to buy tickets, otherwise they'd have bought adjacent seats in the first place.
Nonsense. It is biologically impossible! Are you sure your friends aren't trans? If one of them is able to operate a toilet plunger, there has to be an 'X' chromosome in there someplace, it's SCIENCE!
I'd hazard a guess that the cause of that is other girls, since I don't know any guys that really worry too much about a girl without makeup, maybe a few pounds heavier than they'd want to be, messy hair. Or, maybe my standards are just really low?
Citing some particular person as a source for a point implies that source is reputable / respectable enough to lend credence to the assertion they're making. Dan Rather is a lying piece of shit that used his position as a news anchor to knowingly peddle lies as if they were truth, and did that for decades until he got fired for it. If the homeless guy that screams at the clouds said something would you cite him? At least the loony homeless guy isn't a proven liar. But then, this liar is saying what you want to hear, so we should all forget who he really is, right?
Why doesn't reddit just stop pretending that r/politics is for political discussion, when it's just a President Trump bashing circle jerk? Rename it 'r/school kids and ignoramus basement dwelling losers bashing President Trump' and make r/politics actually adhere to open political discussion? That sub is a shithole of shrieky idiots.
Why cite a senile old loser whose only job in his entire life was to report actual news, but instead used that position to spread falsehoods he tried to pass off as truth? Do you respect people who abuse their positions to lie to you and manipulate you? Are you so desperate to 'prove' your belief that the current President of the United States is dumb that you'll cite an irrefutable liar who has done nothing whatsoever in his entire life other than disgrace himself and his profession solely to manipulate people? Seems so. FYI, anthropogenic global warming is not proven.
iirc, Walt sold his interest in the company because Skyler got pregnant with Walt Jr. and Walt didn't think he'd be able to support the entire family on a speculative new business that would have required him to work long hours for possibly years before he'd make any money off it, if he ever did at all. Also, he didn't want to be partnered up with the other 2 since Gretchen? got together with the other guy once Walt split with her, so that would have been really awkward. None of them knew then that the business would succeed. Not saying anyone did Walt wrong on that, but circumstances in his life did force him to forego what turned out to be an opportunity of a lifetime. I liked Walt all the way up through the bitter end.
Jesse was a total loser / moron. We saw how easily Jane manipulated him and she would have been the downfall of both Jesse and Walt had she not died when she did. 'Kicking Jesse around' to me was really just Walt giving him the kicks in the ass he needed at certain points to get him to quit being a stupid hindrance to their success.
Walt did the right thing when he opted to demean himself by taking a school teacher job with its health plan, steady pay and provide for his then pregnant new wife, giving up his dream of pursuing the gray matter business at the same time. He did the right thing again demeaning himself by taking on the car wash job to help pay for the next new baby on the way. Those aren't things a narcissist does.
How long did it take him to teach grandma to clap like that?
I watched it once through, maybe that matters. In one go through, binging everything from season 1 through the first half of the final season just in time to catch up to the second half of the final season on tv, maybe for me it was Walt being the lead character, seeing how crappy his life was and it being because the events of his life forced him to make sacrifices and demean himself, then he gets cancer and decides that he's taking control of his destiny and screw everything that's held him back all his life, so he can at least leave his family well off and not be a burden to them with his medical costs. Jesse screwed up enough on his own I can't get too worked up about him ending up working as a meth cooking slave in the Nazi's underground lab, and Walt did end up busting him loose and killing all the Nazis, so? Who didn't cheer when Michael Corleone had all his enemies murdered during his niece's baptism? Walt was the 'hero' of the series, he set out on his path with good intentions, and mostly the only people who suffered were sociopaths and criminals. Circumstances forced Walt to make terrible choices to save his own skin, it's not like he did awful things out of meanness, just not being willing to let himself be caught or killed. Not saying he's a 'hero', or that the bad things he did were excusable, but it's hard not to want him to win in the end, which he did in a way.
He could never get Chuck's approval! Never! Eventually, no matter how hard Jimmy tried, or how well he did, how straight he stayed, eventually he'd find out that he can never win Chuck's approval and respect. He went to correspondence school, not Ivy League, crapped in some guy's sunroof, arrested for lewd conduct or whatever it was, 'stole from their dad' (questionable, imho) etc. - no chance no matter what that Chuck would ever let those things go and accept Jimmy as an equal. Chuck was a hard headed, hateful prick.
Lol, that is a load of bull.
Sorry you are.idiot.enough to put any stock in the garbage peddled by the guardian. They've proven themselves to be shameless liars too many times to count.
Nice vocabulary there - do you know 20 words?
Wow, you must be the captain of your 3rd grade debate team! Good luck to you getting your news from 'the guardian' - be sure to let us know which 18 senators are lizard people.
OK, moron - sure, the garbage in the pacific ocean, which actual university caliber researchers actually tracked back to its source, and published academic papers detailing their years long studies which showed something like 90% of it comes from rivers in India and China, all actually comes from the east coast of another continent because some garbage tabloid which has proven itself to publish outright fabrications says so. It's depressing that someone as abjectly stupid as you could be wasting the oxygen the rest of us might have put to productive use. Go read something besides trash rags and comic books - it will do you some good.
If YOU want to try and disprove an actual, published academic research study YOU have to do better than citing a disreputable tabloid. Just go fuck off, I'm done with you and done wasting time on you. You are too stupid to make it through the actual study, which is why you either haven't read it or didn't understand it if you tried reading it. Keep telling yourself how smart you are though, if that makes you feel good.
If monkeys evolved into peeple, then whys there still monkeys? Ha! Checkmate libtards! DESTRIOYED WITH FACTS AND LOGUIC BEN SHPAPRIO STYLEZ!!!!!
Nuns hated me for asking 'if Jesus died on the cross, but then rose from the dead, how is it that he's not still alive now? wtf happened that he could come back after crucifixation but ended up dead anyway?' I still don't understand the point of coming back from the dead but only for a couple days and then dying again from no apparent cause.
Hawking Schmawking - if he was so goddamned smart, why's he dead? Here I am, fat, happy, alive and well - so who's the smart guy now, Mr. Corpse of Stephen Hawking?
Listen, toots - what's the orange vest for? If you want people to see you, dress sexier.
Wow, it seems to me from what you're saying that somehow, criminals aren't obeying the laws? We need a law that requires criminals to obey the law! That'll fix it.
My theory is he's got no clue how to make any sense of the mess he's written so far, enjoys his fans being under the delusion he's a genius writer, and will never release another in the series because he's seen the fury of the show's viewers, and won't ruin his fans illusions that he could do better.
Not if you're just walking around, and clanking two coconut shells together to make it sound like you're riding a horse.
Sorry kid, but day 2 of owning a cat all the way to the end is the cat hides unless it wants to be fed, and won't go anywhere near you. Or is that just my cat that does that?
If there's no ending that pays off on all those myriad of plot lines, then those plot lines were pointless - the books to this point are the equivalent of patiently listening to an hours long setup of a joke where the person telling it has no idea what the punchline is, and decides to just stop telling the joke without ever getting to any punchline at all. There's nothing creative about writing suspense that has no purpose or payoff.
fines aren't paid to the victim of a crime unless that's what was ordered, and it doesn't sound like it was. I get it this kind of assholeish behavior pisses people off, and this is the trashy sub, but it seems pretty harsh, to the point I cant see how this could withstand an appeal, to sentence a kid to 15 months prison - aside from the fact there's not a chance in hell he'd ever actually pay 20,000 euros to anyone over this shit. What do you do to the homeless guy that throws a bag of his shit at some random person walking down the street for no reason, because that happens about daily in NYC?
I remember seeing a video posted on reddit a couple years ago of a homeless looking dude riding an escalator in macy's, jerking off, and shooting his load down onto unsuspecting macy's cashier ladies. I do not remember mobs of people screeching for that guy to get locked up and fined excessively, deapite it being a much more offensive offense. Go live someplace where there's homeless psychotic people living everywhere on the streets and subway stations, riding public transit all day with you, carrying bags of piss soaked clothes that stink so bad it makes your eyes water. Not saying it's cool to prank them with toothpaste oreos, but they're also not the poor innocents deserving of mass outrage either. Maybe I've just had to endure the stench of stale piss and being followed by psychos screaming hateful shit just trying to get to and from work enough times I'm not super sympathetic with the criminally insane who opt to live on the streets.
I hope you're right, and I agree with everything up to your conclusion about GRRM ending it better - a coherent ending by a competent writer means all the things he spent time on as foreshadowing must somehow tie into the ending with some semblance of logic. The answer to 'what did the flames say' when Vary's junk was thrown into the fire can't be 'Drink your Ovaltine' - or just never addressed at all. So far his writing seems brilliant because there's a presumption it all leads up to something - the task of making it all tie up into something that makes sense is the hard part, and it seems like he started without having any idea what that conclusion would be, and hasn't figured it out (yet?).
I agree, but, IF he did manage to come up with an ending that ties it all up coherently, he'll have pulled off the greatest feat of any writer ever, and be considered a diety by his fans.
You're an asshole, and have obviously never owned a cat. 'Really not hard to train them' in reference to cats? Wow.
And this is why it has been a mistake to eliminate bullying in schools. If somebody had given this little shit a solid punch in the mouth for pulling one of these dickheaded stunts at some point earlier in his life, maybe he'd have learned to not be such a prick?
Constantly praising him as a genius has left readers with 8+ years of no new books, so maybe people are sick of waiting and think trying a different tack will produce results? What plots that are central to the entire series do you see as resolved and 'paid off'? You'd have to be referring to the show, since the books aren't really up to a point in the story where those things would be resolved.
What's the problem here? Some new ovens at the border, Chicago and San Fran would mean nice, fresh tortillas for our friends down South, deep dish pizzas and that awesome Sour Dough Bread! Why's everybody hating on this grandpa who wants fresh baked goodness served up for people in need? And really, hasn't Hitler been bashed enough by now, I mean, what did he ever do to YOU?
So is an empty Snapple bottle, which can be thrown the fuck away when you're done - wtf do you do with plastic cartoon animal piss receptacle thing, wash it out by hand? How am I supposed to piss with a smiley elephant staring at me and smiling the whole time?
I don't let my kids eat McDonald's in the car because they'll make a mess - letting them piss in a moving car seems like a really bad idea. I can pull over and let them squat on the shoulder of the road - which also affords the opportunity for big laughs for me and their siblings as I pretend to drive away while they're squatting.
But if I'm pulling over anyway, why am I not just pissing on the ground and using my opened car door as cover? Even my daughters can squat without needing some plastic cartoon animal piss receptacle, which I'd have to worry about spilling in the car?
Where's this 'my' bed? I see a cat in its bed. Does the cat let you use it sometimes?
Don't forget to have your pets spayed and neutered!
Right? They stay where you've left them, don't sweat, and no nagging!
Teenaged me had a summer job in a liquor store, and stocking pints and half pints on the shelf led sometimes to missing the shelf and broken booze bottles, which sucked because it annoyed the boss, left a mess for me to clean, and the stink of booze when hungover and early in the day was bad. I developed a skill of sticking out my foot to break the fall of the bottle, and to this day, anything falling near me that's not so big it'd hurt my foot, gets my foot stuck out into its path to break its fall. I had friends over last summer and one lady had her toddler stumble just out of her reach and I got my foot out and under where the kid's head would have slammed the patio floor. She looked at me amazed. I assume this pizza shop guy has been splattered with pizzas enough he's developed this instinct out of the same kind of self preservation and repetition.
Yes, it does work like that. How many people do you imagine are driving around with piss receptacle thingys in their cars? I'd guess it's less than 1/100th of one percent, and yet we don't hear about piss accidents constantly, because, you know, people have control over their bladders. Yeah, I tell my kids to hold it, and they've never had any problems doing exactly that. Did you ever piss yourself in the car as a kid? I never did, neither of my sisters ever did, none of my kids ever did. Every parent knows to have their kids use the toilet before they get in the car anyway.
Wow, he must have mouthed off to some other officer to get himself busted for DWI. Otherwise, we'd have to believe that cops do their jobs without favoritism towards their own, which is ridiculous.
Twice the internal affairs investigation is referenced, there is no acknowledgement that actual criminal charges were filed. That's what's hard to understand - why weren't actual charges filed? Were charges filed?
Unless the only reason this cop got busted for this thing is because he pissed off some other cop in another jurisdiction and they knew he drank on the job, and followed him until they could nail him, which is corruption in its own way. Doing the right thing for the wrong reason is still a form of corruption.
Jimmy got busted bad for the Chicago Sunroof because Chet's small kids were in the car at the time - so did Chet father children with Jimmy's elderly mother, or did he leave his wife to shack up with Jimmy's elderly mother, who was married to Jimmy's actual dad until he died? It has to be made up, it can't add up in any way that could make sense.
Criminal offenses that aren't statutory offenses (like statutotry rape) require the prosecutor prove intent - I don't see any jury believing this kid actually intended to sell the high school, or that anyone seeing the listing believed it was actually for sale.
Gene's not going to jail. Kim will find him and save him, so they can live happily ever after.
Does she have 2 more on the back, for dancing?
No doubt, but, every baseball game I've ever been to, there's always a mob of kids hanging around near the field who spend the entire game begging for balls from players and the ball girls, running around on the concourse to mob anyplace a foul ball lands, and it's annoying as hell. I was sitting with friends in an empty section of a minor league park and a foul ball lands 2 feet from me, I just leaned over and picked it up, and in 10 seconds half a dozen kids all ran over begging for the ball - I saw them running all over the park, never watching any part of the game, just running around trying to scavenge foul balls. I told them to go fuck off. I tell my kids if a foul ball comes near our seats to just let it go by, not to try and get it at all, because I don't want them involved in a grab fest, and if they really need to go home with a ball, I'll cough up the 5 bucks at the souvenir stand and buy them one. I don't get why people get so crazed for garbage like foul balls and towels.
yes, why miss the opportunity to teach your kids that not only are people assholes, but their parent is also an asshole?
Best outcome imho is the player summons security, has security confiscate the towel and remove the offending asshole from the event.
except racist jokes - those just aren't funny at all without the racism.
I was trying to see if nignog got you busted by nword bot - what's the bot on strike or am I doing this wrong?
u/nwordcountbot u/Gwanzi
"NANANANANANANA" Now I will have to spend 20 minutes running my mental images of Jimmy in Kim's lap while she sings to him and brushes his hair!
I could at least make a decent go at making pretend - you're providing a free place to live, all food, medical care and utilities, right? I'm also not cleaning up after myself, and if I figure out how to lick my own balls, I'll be doing lots of that anywhere in the house I please, no matter who is watching.
I have a cat I adopted 2 years ago as an 8 week old kitten, she loves me, but avoids nearly everyone else, and hides in my room all day until I get home. Is it too late to bring another cat into the house? I'd like her to have a buddy, but then I also don't want her to think she's being replaced or something?
Pork roll does not need salt, ever. Taylor changed the name something like 100 years ago, because it is not and has never been 'ham'. I have issued my decree, all further arguing on this topic is forbidden.
If you want something called 'taylor ham' you'll need a wayback machine to take you back to 1905, since that's when Taylor changed the name to PORK ROLL!
At least 3. I'm in AC and there's just nfw if there's a split I'm getting stuck with Camden.
everyone arguing it's taylor ham is like my 90 year old grandma rambling on about some shit only she's old enough to remember existing, and getting mad at us for telling her she's wrong - are all these taylor ham people born before 1900 or something, and just refuse to accept the 'new' name (which is over 100 years old now)?
Well, if all the delis and bagel joints smoked a bunch of reefers and jumped off a bridge, would you do that too?
I have to say you're not wrong
Why not just tell people that 'forget' to bring a towel, tfb, I don't loan towels because I never get them back, so it's bring your own or do without. Don't like the policy? Go freeload someplace else.
Seriously - the kids sure as hell aren't telling their folks about the beers - I already warned them that if they do, I'll show their folks the PICTURES!!!
yeah, unlike the 99% of people in this sub that enthusiastically voted to re elect Menendez and Booker. But sure, 'from here on out . . .'
Menendez was the subject of a federal indictment, and you morons re elected him happily, so shut the hell up about corruption, as if you haven't condoned it from your elected reps for decades so long as the 'D' is next to their name.
No, it was not. Re electing a proven thief is how you broadcast to politicians that you tolerate thievery and corruption. Stop making excuses because he's a 'D'. Prove that corrupt pols can't get re elected, and the party will stop trotting corrupt candidates out there.
there we go - nothing but excuses for Menendez' corruption and thievery! Just what we expect from die hard dem party apologists. Now go stfu about wanting to end corruption. You don't. You are fine with it, and willingly re elect it. It's all about the 'D' for you.
No, I'll explain it for you simply, simpleton - if someone has proven irrefutably that they see their position as your elected representative as a means to enrich themselves, you don't re elect that person. You don't concoct excuses why re electing them is ok, you don't do it - then, the next pol that is corrupt doesn't get re elected, and so on, and eventually, you stop having corruption in politics! All your bullshit there is making excuses for your 'D' assholes. Nice try with the petty insults and condescension - too bad those aren't substitutes for actual reasoning and logic though.
Try rubbing some meth on it, that should kill whatever that is.
And somehow the writers forgot she already had the Craster baby she and Sam had 'stolen' from the NK and had been toting around right up until the finale. Guess it went to go live with Cousin Oliver from the Brady Bunch.
Well then it's Saul / Jimmy /Gene, since Gene is shown in flash forwards at a point long after the BB timeline has played out.
Article is dated April 25th, and says we should have a report on Comey within 2 weeks - did that ever get released? Also says late May to early June for the Horowitz IG report - we're still waiting for that too, no?
Anybody that wants to put the Bernie Sanders campaign to the expense of shipping them a copy of his latest nonsense (I assume it's an actual book, but possible it's an e-book?) for a $1 donation you get a copy. Seems as good as a one fingered salute. https://secure.actblue.com/donate/where-we-go-from-here
His wallet is empty, and his asshole is puckered!
WW2 was the first major war where fewer participants died of disease than combat. Mainly because of the development of antibiotics. https://www.quora.com/What-was-the-first-recorded-war-where-more-soldiers-died-of-combat-wounds-than-of-disease
I think you did a fantastic job. We had a flood and my dad is a hoarder of nails and screws and everything that comes with Hardware included his garage was an absolute mess. I threw away a lot of old rusty garbage broken tools and things he had 20 of organize the rest of it put it back pretty much where he had kept it but sorted out and labeled. I was afraid he would have been mad but he loved it and every time he went out to the garage to get something and came back because he was able to find it in two seconds he had a proud look on his face like all this hoarding all those years paid off. Every time your dad goes out there and find something he needs right away he's going to feel proud of himself that he kept all that crap.
Too bad they just forced Oyster Creek power plant to close prematurely. Nuclear is going to have to play a big role if we want zero emissions energy. Maybe instead of investing in green energy, we should be rebuilding old and decaying infrastructure.
We left the Paris Climate Accords and since then, we've outperformed the countries that stayed in it by a considerable margin. The only real effect of us leaving is we ditched the obligation to subsidize the countries considered to be developing nations to the tune of billions of dollars. Why would we pay China and India to develop plans in 5 to 10 years to maybe possibly start thinking about coming up with plans to reduce emissions 20 years from now? Moving to 100% clean energy is great, except for the simple fact that fossil fuels are a global commodity, so every lump of coal and every barrel of oil we decline to burn just gets burned in China or India since they'll use whatever is cheap, and us dropping out of the market for those fuels makes them cheaper.
Yeah, those tens of billions we funneled into Solyndra really showed how solar competes on an even playing field. Great investment there. What could go wrong by giving the government still more of our money to manipulate markets and decide who the winners and losers would be?
And I hate how loudmouthed ignoramuses like you think that insults and assholery somehow validate your uninformed opinions. Go spend your own money moron, no one with any sense wants to bankrupt the country over your perceived 'crisis'.
What did AOC have for lunch - I assume you've got your head so far up her ass you can smell it coming down. Imagine that all the things burned for fuel all over the world all affect the level of global pollution, and that one country not burning coal means coal becomes cheaper, and all that coal just gets burned someplace else - now you've imagined the world we actually live in, instead of that delusional dream world that exists only in your idiotic imagination. Being a rude dumbfuck doesn't make your uninformed opinions worth listening to.
Wow, more insults - you must be the captain of your 4th grade debate team, huh? Climate change has been a real thing since the Earth cooled and dinosaurs roamed the planet. Pointing out the very simple and irrefutable facts that the global levels of pollution can't be controlled by one country acting alone, and that fossil fuels are a fungible commodity which will be consumed more as the price declines is not 'arguing nonsense' - nonsense is what you are spewing, because you don't have any valid argument. Babies throw fits and cry when they can't have their way - so it seems you're the baby. Go take a nap, you'll feel better.
No, I'm pretty sure it's in a zoo of some sort.
A 20 something year old former bartender woman in NY. Seems legit to me. How about you?
yeah, it's not like chief executives have advisors that specialize in technical fields. I'm sure much more scientifically sound decisions were being made by a former community activist though. Were you aware that around the time of the revolutionary war, the earth was emerging from a mini ice age? I'm sure that phase of cyclical climate change was all George Washington's fault for farting too much or something.
Wow, you seem proud of your openly racist hate filled attitude! How's the view from that high horse there, racist asshole? What amazing powers do you have to know someone's race over the internet? And better yet, wtf does his race have to do with anything?
It's just the angry mob of 120 year olds who got used to calling it 'taylor ham' when they were kids, and can't accept that the taylor people changed the name in 1905. Change is hard for the extremely elderly folks.
maybe, but it seems we're doing neither. Where'd all that new gas tax money go? Did they piss that away like the last pile of gas tax money?
The entirety of the funds that were 'earmarked' for roads and bridges from the prior fund, also accumulated from the then existing gas tax, got pissed away without being spent on roads and bridges. What work was funded from the new money - do you have any source for it being spent as promised? I haven't seen anything on that, so I assume they did what they always do when they promise 'if you let us tax you more, we promise to spend it on xyz', and they spent it all on crap instead.
My sister and herhusband spend the summers at our house at the shore, and sometimes he gets on my nerves a bit. They bring their dog for the summer too. Whenever my brother in law starts going on endlessly about some boring shit I don't want to listen to, I just look at the dog and ask her all happy 'do you need to go for a WALK!?!?!', then he has to take her for a walk since she goes bonkers.
if she turned you into a newt, then how is a newt commenting on the internet?
My Kim theory is she did something really shady back in her old home town, based on her Moscow Mule lunch with Cokely, where he asks her about home, she blurts out something about the little market she worked at, then she gets a look like 'oh crap, I said too much' and clams up. My theory is the story has Kim taking on a new identity to flee whatever she did wrong back home, and starting a new life under the assumed phony name 'Kim Wexler', and this will be a parallel to Jimmy fleeing his old life where he had tried to live an honest life (tried) and takes on a new name once he's given up trying to be honest. My theory concludes with Kim fleeing once again to escape what she's done, and ends up with Gene, where the 2 of them live off the radar under assumed names, Kim having fled first, where she acts as Jimmy's money launderer and partner in crime behind the scenes as the brains behind 'Ice Station Zebra Associates'.
No, no no - we took your mom to go live with a nice lady who has a farm in the country - she's much happier there, running around in the fresh air with the animals, and my old dog.
'Having to'? She's a grown ass woman, she doesn't 'have to' compensate for Jimmy, cover for his fuck ups, or date him at all. She chooses to keep doing this. She's conflicted - she has her past, she knows what it's like when it all comes unglued, and while she wants to avoid that ending for herself again and to save Jimmy from it as well, she is also compulsively drawn to the same thriils of the scam as Jimmy is. It's funny how you seem so invested and opinionated about a show written so brilliantly to show the complexities of nuanced characters who are not cartoonishly good or evil, that those nuances are lost on you?
You really are full of yourself, aren't you? Thanks for your really dull comment dressed up as something smart and insightful. The presumptions about me, who you do not know in any way, really add to the general stink of assholery that emanates from your dimwitted reply.
ok, but then neither is repeatedly punching someone right in the face any kind of tool to coerce compliance, and punching is probably as likely to cause all the unwanted results of tasering. You're just saying tasering is also bad, and not arguing that because tasering is bad, then punching is better or should be tried before resorting to tasering?
thanks, just making sure I didn't misunderstand you.
Seems this inquiry is about the ICA that claimed 'all 17 intelligence agencies' agreed that Putin meddled in the election to harm Shrillary's chances and help Trump get elected. I argued with so many nitwits when those claims were being made - pointed out the fact these people are professional career liars, had pushed the Iraq WMD's nonsense, had been proven to be liars repeatedly and that it was not at all likely that 'all 17 intelligence agencies' made any such assessment or conclusion - that would have meant that somehow the US Coast Guard Intelligence gave a crap about Putin, along with several other agencies that don't have anything to do with elections or foreign governments. Those claims were so obviously lies then, to anyone with a shred of sense, maybe after the investigation, the proof will convince the majority who have barely any sense at all. Hpw exactly does the CIA claim to know what Putin's motives were, even if we accepted the conclusion Putin was directly involved and there was any actual meddling - did they have a tiny submarine like 'fantastic voyage', Brennan at the helm, get injected into his blood stream, navigate to Putin's brain, plug in like Plankton in SpongeBob Squarepants, and read his mind? Seriously, they claimed to know the inner workings of Putin's thoughts and motives? That's when their b.s. stopped passing even the laugh test.
be funny if she asked the guy to spend the day with him, and found out he's not farming rice, he's burying the corpses of asshole influencers he's murdered when he catches them taking selfies near his farm. 'Picking rice? WTF, moron, we got machines to harvest the crops, I'm burying dead assholes. Now DIG!'
That would be true if 'equal' meant each group had an equal right to express its opinions and live how they choose, instead of what's been happening, which is one side demands Chik Fil A be chased out of their neighborhoods because the owner has the audacity to have an opinion they disagree with.
Shutting down the opinions of others infringes on their rights. And organizing to shut down the businesses of people you disagree with is fascism.
'Gramma! Remember when I graduated High School and you gave me that card with a $5 bill in it? And when I brought my first boyfriend home for thanksgiving, and you got drunk and told racist jokes all through dinner? Hope you got your depends on, because I'm putting this plane through a zero G nose dive a couple times just for you!'
No, using hired mobs and violence to silence those who disagree with your opinions is straight up fascism :) Also, corporations are people the same as the unions are people, both are organizations - wait for it - comprised of people! Citizens United decision merely acknowledges that if unions are permitted to engage in the political process, then so should all other organizations be allowed to do the same, including corporation.
Well, there's a solid argument that no doctor should engage in removing healthy body parts for non medically necessary reasons, based on the hippocratic oath 'do no harm', since every surgical procedure has inherent risks to the patient.
I saw something similar on an episode of Spongebob Squarepants - kid should have erased the perp's legs and made it easier for the cops to catch him! Alternatively, could have erased the mad face and drawn in a smiley face, to turn him from evil to good!
TIL that violent mobs bent on silencing opposing views is the 'free market'.
Hey, slow down there buddy - you want to end up dead in the gutter from a weed overdose?
Local college by me had an on campus Chik Fil A, some lgbtq group mobbed up the parking lot and threw punches, spit at and harassed everyone trying to go in or out - that's the kind of crap I was referring to - that's not just deciding you won't do business, it's using violence to stop others from choosing what they want to do. Try and follow the discussion, you're being glib and moving the goal posts.
Of all the states in the United States, NJ is without a doubt one of them.
I do work for a couple no kill shelters / charities that fund them, and their issue is their corporate charter dictates they are no kill shelters, so it's never an option for them to euthanize unadoptable animals. They do transfer older animals they can't find homes for to county shelters or other groups that don't have restrictions.
So this weirdo lady and the rapist get to decide if some other unrelated woman should carry an unwanted pregnancy to term and then spend 18 years minimum raising the child she had no choice in conceiving? Even God clearly doesn't want 'all babies to live'. otherwise, being omnipotent and all that. he'd be making sure they all did live, which he's clearly not doing. Too bad 'mind your own fucking business' wasn't one of the commandments.
The compensation fund is funded through a 75 cents per vaccine surcharge paid everytime someone is given one of the specific vaccines intended for diseases that affect children, like MMR and Polio. Almost all that's been paid out is a result of poorly or untrained non medical professionals giving people fairly useless flu vaccines. Don't let the drugstore cashier or supermarket lady give you a shot, that's where the vast majority of problems come up.
https://www.hrsa.gov/vaccine-compensation/index.html https://www.hrsa.gov/sites/default/files/hrsa/vaccine-compensation/resources/about-vaccine-injury-compensation-program-booklet.pdf
You had an elephant. His name was Stampy. You loved him. (in Lisa's voice).
If you 'really need to sell' them, why are you asking for more than face value? They sold for $150. https://www.altpress.com/news/warped-tour-2019-ticket-price-vip/
Not disagreeing with your points, but a better question is 'who the fuck cares what SHE would do?' She can do what she chooses, and so should everybody else. Individual liberties are exactly that - you don't need a consensus of other people's opinions to decide how you want to live your life.
Who doesn't like to bring home a souvenir from a fun trip?
Agreed - it's always easy to demand others comply with your perspective, if you don't think you'd ever be in that situation. Do you think this woman, who insists 'all babies must live' takes in foster babies or special needs orphans? I'd be pretty confident she doesn't actually do a damned thing herself.
Maybe Keri Russell can guest star as a criminal he has to break down on the stand Perry Mason style?
Whenever some asshole gives me some glib reply to my complaining about something bad that happened, the standard 'everything according to God's plan' or 'it's all part of God's plan', I ask them wtf part of God's plan is cancer for children - that happens to, so if 'everything happens for a reason' or 'according to God's plan', what's the endgame for childhood leukemia? Stephen Fry is awesome.
I hope the observation deck has a sign warning people not to look directly at Gary, Indiana.
Maybe you're a vampire? You should try sleeping in a casket during daylight hours and prowling the streets at night for sweet, sweet blood for a few weeks.
I'd watch that - he's likable, funny, and if he does get something wrong I'd feel like at least he's not lying to me on purpose.
Long ago I had a cracked windshield I had to have replaced, the repair guy left the scraped off inspection sticker on my dashboard. It was summer, it blew out the window one day. I went to a reinspection place, they told me they couldn't give me a replacement sticker and couldn't re-inspect even for a fee because I'd been issued a sticker already. DMV wouldn't replace it either. I kept the receipt for the inspection I had done before replacing the windshield and receipt for the windshield replacement in the car. One day I get corralled into a check point thing, show both receipts and explain where the sticker went, cop shrugs and issues me a failure to inspect ticket anyway. I mail it in with a not guilty plea. Traffic court is mobbed, they take all the guilty plea cases first, it's 3 and a half hours before my case gets called. I'm sure the judge will understand I tried to get the sticker replaced and shouldn't be fined - nope - he 'cuts me a break because of the obvious injustice of being ticketed for something beyond my control' - the 'break' is knocking the failure to inspect down to 'failure to exhibit documents', which when the $35 court costs was added on, was actually about $10 more than the original fine. iirc, neither carried points. Stay out of traffic court, it's a farce designed to take your money and make you swear you'll never plead not guilty to a ticket ever again because they make it such a giant waste of time.
Too many here were glad to re elect corrupt as shit Menendez for me to buy into any theory you all are pissed about Norcross' corruption now. Norcross supports D's, just shut the hell up and accept that NJ is doomed to a perpetual state of corruption and so long as it's D's doing it none of you care enough to do a damned thing about it. Shouldn't we focus on what's really important, like demonizing President Trump for deporting about 2/3rds as many illegal aliens as Obama did? Morons.
It was a long, long time ago, so maybe the orange card is more recent than when I dealt with that. It was also way back during the old DMV when the State ran it, and it was pure garbage, so I'll buy your theory the DMV person was lazy / dumb, as that was pretty much every DMV employee back then. MVC now is an absolute joy in comparison to the bad old days of the state running it. Cops are still mostly dicks and traffic court is still a sham.
Oh, ok - I get it - only corruption that can be somehow blamed in any way on the R's is unacceptable. Did Christie have an 'R' majority in the state legislature? Who passed this tax credit law? The corruption is on Norcross, who is a D. Sweeney got re elected just fine, and will get re elected again just like Menendez did. As long as it's the D's doing it, none of you will ever hold them accountable and will re elect them no matter what, so quit the crying like you aren't ok with them being corrupt.
Re electing Menendez sure was about partisanship, plain and simple, and so is re electing Norcross' stooge Sweeney. Own it - D's in this state will never put a D out of office because of corruption. So resign yourselves to accepting that the state will always have blatant corruption, since there's no political price to be paid for doing it.
What I'm trying to get across is that so long as D politicians know that the D voters of this state will never put them to the price for being corrupt, they will never stop being corrupt. Republicans are most certainly outside the dem party machine operated by Norcross and Sweeney. Norcross does not raise money or support R candidates. Never has. The dems run this state and have for a very long time (R's have not in decades had a majority in the legislature). Menendez coasted to an easy re election despite being a corrupt pos. Now go reap what you've sown.
The kid was also within spitting distance of a UN camp setup to feed people. A wider shot would have shown that, but then, that wouldn't have made such a nice photo.
I have low standards.
If Christie had vetoed it, you don't think his veto would have been overridden by the dem majority legislature? Is it Christie's fault that Dem politicians abused this credit law to enrich themselves through corruption? Why are you doing backflips to pin blame on anybody but the people who engaged in the actual corruption? Sure, nearly all politicians are shit, but when some of them prove it and the morons of this state re elect them anyway, then you all have to decide to either shut up and accept what you've made for yourselves, or grow a spine and vote them out while holding your nose.
OK, so Christie is equally as culpable as Norcross, when it's Norcross alone who actually engaged in fraud to bilk the credit program for his own gains. OK. Keep voting these clowns back into office, and keep wondering why we never get rid of corruption. Just for context, I vote 'R' nearly exclusively for decades, and I voted for Murphy mainly to send a message to the R's that if they won't distance themselves from corruption (Christie) by putting up a candidate that distances themselves from that corruption (Guadagno), they lose my vote. That's how you teach the pols in your party not to take your vote for granted and that they have to be serious about putting honest people up for office - you make them LOSE when they don't. If dems learned to do that, we wouldn't be the laughingstock of the entire rest of the country.
I liked him for being a bit of an 'outsider', plus the legalization promise, and despite his Bernie-esque promises of robbing the rich to give to the 'poor' - my beef is, wtf don't people on the other side see how giving the dems their vote every single time without fail, regardless of the shittiness of the dem candidate, is just giving them license to keep on being corrupt as hell? Every inner city in this country has reliably elected dem mayors / city councils for 50 years on the premise that only the dems care about helping the inner city poor - and in those 50 years, it's done nothing but gotten worse and worse. Put them out of jobs just one election cycle, and you bet your ass they'd get serious about getting shit done. All I can see the dems offering is the false fear mongering that if you don't keep putting them back in office the republican boogeymen will somehow do worse. 50 years of abject poverty and failing schools, I think I'd be off that bandwagon by now. When politicians know they don't have to earn your vote, they won't bother trying to earn it. People in our state had an opportunity to send a message by putting Menendez out of office, but refused, and so now I just don't have any sympathy for those who complain about corruption. New Jerseyans voted for more corruption, got it, so enjoy it and stfu about it.
When you claim the national Republican party is 'detestable to the point' you prefer Menendez, you've lost my respect completely. You've bought into the lies the dem party peddles to convince the voters to excuse them for their corruption, as if somehow anything is worse than a pol that is in it for personal gain and does not respect the laws. A corrupt law breaking hack is never the better option. 50 years of abject failure in the inner cities, all the while having bullet proof control, and still you find excuses for their failure and cockamamie justifications for keeping them in power. Booker has stolen about $200 million from the most desperately needy school children in the country shamelessly, and he's running for POTUS? Nobody is calling him out on this shit? Dems keep that crap up, and they better hope over 50% of the voters are too stupid to notice or too ignorant to bother reading the papers (or the media remains so entirely on the side of the dems they just keep ignoring these things). Maybe your point about the problems 'being bigger than D / R' holds water, but I stand by my premise that if one party has had absolute control for decades and just is not getting anything done, voters have to throw them out of office, and send the message that if you pols want jobs, you need to do the job.
OK, so how did thousands of generations of humans manage not to become extinct if not being vaccinated = certain death? Being hysterical and peddling bullshit doesn't lend credibility to the argument. I do see the humor, but ffs, no need to be just as loony as the other side.
are those with or without the spider larvae?
OK, the problem is corruption - but only dems insist that somehow re electing corrupt dems is ok, and do exactly that time and time again in this state - Torricelli, Lautenberg, Corzine, Booker and menendez. R's on the other hand at least can say enough of us will never vote for a corrupt elected official, and will protest vote in the other party to make sure the R party understands they can't get away with running corrupt pols. That's why Guadagno could not get elected - too many R's like me associated her with Christie, and his corruption, and voted D to make sure she couldn't get in. When BOTH parties supporters do this, corruption will wither away. So, the problem is democrats insisting on electing corrupt dem politicians and making excuses why somehow that's ok. It's not ok. Stop doing that. Or stop complaining about the corruption.
Must have gotten a bad flu vaccine?
And yet despite there being no vaccines for anything, humans survived for countless generations, spread across the earth and multiplied in numbers. All I pointed out was not being vaccinated does not equal certain death as was implied by the OP.
Civil court is pretty much the same routine - make the process so insanely time wasting and tedious you just agree to whatever to be done with it.
Not sorry one bit, still planning more ways to mess up your stuff out of spite.
maybe he could have stopped at the 2 yolked eggs, and you know, not plowed on ahead to cancer for children?
Oh, 'pray tell' when the hell R's have ever been elected as majority city council / mayor in any inner city - I can think of one, Rudy Guiliani, who in case you are as entirely ignorant as your pompous tone implies, turned crime rates around and cleaned up times square from being a cesspool of peep shows and junkies into Disney stores and streets so clean you could eat off them. Booker is a candidate for POTUS among the dem party hopefuls and his blatant theft of hundreds of millions of dollars from the most desperately needy children in his state is not even mentioned along with his candidacy. Own your party's failure, and own the reality that so long as you give corrupt pols your vote reliably, they will never change. What does it say about you that you're fine with electing people who have proven through their record in elected office that they're 'serving' in elected office not for your well being, but their own, and somehow you hold onto the delusion that these thieving liars, who have had 50 years to deliver something, anything, that they've promised, that somehow this time will be different? New Jersey has seen a mass exodus of wealthy people and employers because of the self entitled moronic policies you lazy dopes keep pushing.
Right, Menendez is somebody self respecting voters with a shred of sense would willingly elect to represent them in congress - because he hasn't proven to you morons that he's in it for himself. Right. Now rant on about imaginary President Trump 'crimes'. That's a laugh.
Then stfu about corruption, you voted for it, you'll keep voting for it, and so long as the pos has a "D" next to their name you'll ignore it. And no, a proven thief and liar who abused his office to enrich himself at the expense of taxpayers is not a better choice than a veteran who runs a company that develops cures for cancer, despite your party's propaganda nonsense.
Dude, you might want to brush up on your reading comprehension, like, go back and read what i had replied to, and my comment. We did survive without vaccines, so one more time for the slow and bad readers like you - not being vaccinated =/= certain death. I'm amazed you picked up anything in your grade school history class, considering you couldn't make it through 2 comments with about 5 sentences between them and discern the point being made.
Yes, let's show our support for the guy that took $200 million meant to help our state's most desperately needy school children and pissed it all away on political crony consultants and graft! YAY DEMOCRATS!! Newark is now such a bright shining beacon of what the dem party can do for its constituents when given 50 years of total control! Maybe we can become a sanctuary state and burden ourselves with an unmanageable horde of non English speaking illegal immigrants who will depress wages for those who are already barely able to make ends meet, and of course, give them free health care and college which our current residents can not afford to provide to their own children - because the dem party needs millions of new low information voters to prop them up in elections. YAY! Let's put corrupt pieces of shit in office!
I lived in NYC before and during Rudy's terms as mayor - he enacted policies and took decisive action over the screeching objections of dems in city government to reduce crime and clean up the city. That is fact. Booker is most definitely a hopeful, that is also fact. Why don't you start with something constructive and based in facts and reality, and spare us your condescending tone masquerading as actual knowledge and insights? The 'cost of living' driving wealthy New Jerseyans to flee is the always increasing costs of taxes and fees imposed by the state and its political subdivisions, which fuels graft, corruption, and giveaway programs to the unproductive and corrupt politicians. Employers aren't 'piling into NYC', that's absurd - outlying cities like Long Island City have experienced rapid grown through tax cuts and incentives to businesses, which are considered by the dem party to be somehow terrible things they'd never consider. Taxes go up, people wealthy enough to have options leave to avoid them - see, this is so simple even you might be able to understand!
yeah, that's Canadian dollars though. By the time you convert them to maple syrup and then to US currency, it's only about tree bibty.
I have 2 friends both with masters degrees - one is a masters in fine arts the other is in children's literature. One bartends and the other works the counter at a luncheonette. Why do people assume all masters degrees are a ticket to solid jobs? No one cares that you smoked weed for 2 extra years after college.
ok, things are going great under dem party rule, they're all squeaky clean and definitely working for your best interests. Keep voting for them and keep wondering why corruption doesn't go away and nothing gets better. I used NJT every day for years, what's the 'problem'? We most certainly do not have massive amounts of high wage earners competing to live here - since you don't seem to be able to comprehend reality, how to use google, or read, let me help you out: "More than two million people left New Jersey between 2005 and 2014, taking billions of dollars in income and economic activity with them, according to a state business group that blames high taxes for the exodus." https://www.nj.com/politics/2016/02/nj_high_living_expenses_costing_jobs_people_money.html and some more: "New Jersey has ranked as the highest outbound state since 2012. In other words, our state had the highest percentage of people moving out versus moving in compared to the other 49 states. Even as the economy is doing better nationally, our state is lagging behind — and people are taking notice. An annual survey by a national moving company, which recently released its 42nd report, found that twice as many people left our state than came last year. The embarrassing streak should be a cause for concern, because the people who are leaving can afford to, and the people who are staying are paying the price." https://www.app.com/story/opinion/columnists/2019/01/21/fleeing-new-jersey-united-van-lines-moving-study/2636744002/ and yet more: https://www.nj.com/opinion/2019/04/why-im-leaving-new-jersey.html
I bet nobody ever called North Hollywood Henry 'King of Suckballs Mountain'!
I hope Teddy's weird looking kid and annoying ex are not part of S3 in any way. This show is so incredibly well written, acted and shot it should be pulling much bigger numbers for an audience.
So you spent how much time getting annoyed with your mother by trying to explain to her that netflix does not in fact come free with the television, and then discovered that yes, in fact it did come free with the television? How does it feel to have your tech knowledge outdone by your elderly mother?
I'm not seeing the 'justice was served' in any of that. Justice would be them being charged with vandalism / destruction of public property, and being forced to clean up their mess or pay the costs of it being cleaned up plus a hefty fine. Some comments on social media that were removed doesn't = justice.
https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/jan/8/mark-zuckerbergs-100-million-gift-to-newark-public/ https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/how-newark-schools-partially-squandered-a-great-prize/2015/10/20/ffff660c-7743-11e5-a958-d889faf561dc_story.html?noredirect=on&amp;utm_term=.7a856e5c59e7 Seems the only positive results that came about from any of that $200 million were from funding charter schools, which were free of the corruption and waste inherent in the public school system: "That glum assessment notwithstanding, there is a more optimistic way to interpret the Newark experience, much of which has to do with the success of the city’s fast-growing charter schools. Charters, which received about $60 million of the philanthropy, now serve 30 percent of the district’s students, and families are clamoring to enroll their children. The reasons are obvious. Unencumbered by bureaucracy and legacy labor costs, charters can devote far more resources to students, providing the kind of wraparound services that students like Beyah need. " https://www.businessinsider.com/mark-zuckerberg-schools-education-newark-mayor-ras-baraka-cory-booker-2018-5
They are aquatic mammals, and he's about 3 feet below the surface, so I'd assume he's supremely confident he can get some air when he wants it.
My point is that Cory Booker, who has been elected, re elected, will be re elected to the US Senate easily when his term comes up again, and is being peddled as a legit contender for the nation's highest office by the dem party, has squandered millions and millions of dollars intended to benefit the most destitute and needy children of this State on $1,000 an hour political crony 'consultants' and will not be called to account for any of that theft at all, because the dem media will not report it, the dem party will not distance themselves from it, and the dem voters will not hold him accountable. That's my point - dem Senator outright steals from needy school children he is sworn to represent and work for, so he can pad the pockets of his political allies and supporters, and while you all cry about corruption, you gladly ignore his crimes and will gladly keep electing him, only because he's in your party. What makes you think he would ever do any of the things he's promising when he runs for election and re election? He's shown what he does when given power - he steals!
yeah? show me Tito and Adrianna's receipt for that boulder then, smart guy! You know, it's in a national forest according to the OP, so, yeah, it is public property. Do you know what national forests are?
I posted quite a few links for you to go read up on the issue. That's your evidence. $1,000 an hour consultants sure as hell aren't normal for school districts, and they were most certainly political allies and supporters of Booker and the dems. Please read, I provided links so don't feign ignorance.
Yes I did - maybe your reading comprehension is lacking? Did you attend Newark Public Schools? That may be your problem.
Fuck yourself - I provided at least half a dozen links, if you can't read them yourself, that's your problem. If you claim they don't say what they actually say, please identify the $1,000 an hour consultants drawing off the funds and prove they're not Booker allies. I'll wait.
Take it to heaven from where exactly? Wasn't it there with Jesus to begin with? Was the entire trip from and back to heaven just for the sake of fucking up an 11 year old little girl's life? This Jesus fella doesn't seem like a good road trip buddy if you ask me. I bet he doesn't even bring his own weed.
I'm not asking 'everyone else' to disprove anything - I provided lots of links to numerous sources, only you and you alone are making a claim that you have provided not one scintilla of support for other than your baseless complaining and demands for me to do more work for you. Admit your reading comprehension is garbage, that you've invested zero effort in backing up YOUR assertions, or provide something, anything beyond ignorant complaining that supports your claim the consultants had no connection to Booker or the dem party. I'll wait for your treasure trove of well researched sources.
I didn't see anything about them being fined. Where'd you see that info?
No, where we are now is you demanding I spend my time educating you on what every living human with a brain in their heads already knew without crybaby complaining - when there's a giant pool of money being handed out by politicians, it goes to political cronies, and when there's $1,000 an hour 'consultants' drawing off the pool of money, you know goddamned well why those particular consultants are at the trough. So if your point, which is only incidental to the actual point being made, and is your completely lame as shit attempt to try and find some 'GOTCHA!' bullshit to argue about instead of conceding the actual point, is 'hurp durp I'm sure those $1,000 an hour consultants being paid out of money controlled by the dem party machine in Newark went to super independent totally worth it actually productive consultants with no ties at all to Booker and the dems' you're just proving you are an ignorant moron with not a single shred of sense. That's where we are right now. Go read dum dum - and when you find the bona fides of these totally not connected to Booker and the dem party machine $1,000 an hour 'consultants' you can come back for your victory parade. Do you actually believe the nonsense you're trying to peddle here? It's you who is trying to prove the earth is flat, if your argument is that politicians who control vast pools of money spend it at a clip of $1,000 an hour for do nothing consultants and somehow that's not an obvious scheme to payoff political allies.
did not see that, thanks - good to know they got stuck paying a fine at least.
ok, 'urged' to do this, I misread and thought it said they did recognize this. It's amazing how few people are even aware of this history.
I lied about absolutely nothing - if that's your assertion prove it, provide a source - all these assholey ignorant comments from you and not one single source, no facts, just childish snark. Please back up your stupidity with something that backs up your claim that these consultants were not simply political cronies being paid off. Otherwise, go cry about something else somewhere else, because no one aside from you believes for one instant that $1,000 an hour 'consultants' are anything other than a sham to funnel money to political hacks. Have you ever worked with government contracts, grants, or seen who gets legal contracts with government? I've been on both ends of those deals personally, so yeah, I do know how it works, and yeah, the articles do explain this was a sham setup, and there's nothing anywhere to tell us what valuable services were paid for with all that money that disappeared. Go look up the article in The New Yorker. Maybe that explains more of what you seem so determined to not believe. Believing public money paid at a rate of $1,000 an hour was a bona fide purchase of fairly valued services from disinterested and not politically interested parties is the same as believing the earth is flat, so good for you lumping yourself in with the likes of the flat earthers in terms of your willful ignorance.
It really is time for another reformation of Christianity. I think more folks could get on board with something more like your version of Jesus.
Mine figured out booping it with her nose turns the lamp on next to my bed, and also that turning it on annoys me and wakes me up. She's only interested in doing this at 3 am or so. Cats are jerks.
You heard of the 'Jefferson Bible'? Thomas Jefferson used a knife to cut out the parts of the bible about the teachings and philosophy of Christ, and assembled that into his own coherent version of the bible, omitting craziness like angels and other nonsense. That seems like it would be a good read.
What if The Grimace from the McDonald's commercials transitions? Maybe you could trade that unwanted purple prosthetic dong to him for some hamburgers or something?
Oh definitely - but no cat has ever been CONVICTED!
What's your problem with me pointing out that sitting around having other people brush your hair, change your clothes, while you wait to read lines someone else wrote isn't anything close to a 'training ground for life'? Do you think that's what life is like for real people? Sorry if me pointing out that some very young actress whose been treated to the star treatment since she was a kid has a shit perspective on what life actually is like for the vast majority of people. She's in for a very rude surprise once her looks fade and she has to find some less pampered means to earn a living.
That's better than one sub per minute - I'm amazed they could fill the order that fast. What kind of moron shows up and expects 63 sandwiches on demand, and doesn't think to call ahead a day or 2 in advance?
What exactly do you expect someone to do other than bring them to their local animal shelter? Who says they didn't find them living under their porch or in a shed?
local place near me has times every day when you can come in and play with the cats, the volunteers who run it encourage people to come in as often as they can to play with the cats. They say it helps get them used to people, socializes them, makes them easier to adopt out to people. You can do some good without feeling like you need to bring them all home with you. I've gone on a weekend when they've just gotten half a dozen or more kittens, and by the end of that week they're all adopted out.
mods in that sub are working hard to ruin it. I got banned for saying something that POTUS said himself 2 hours later - send the military to enforce the border. mod was a screaming ahole when I questioned wtf they banned me and provided a link to the POTUS tweet showing we had both said the same thing. mod was clearly not in any way a supporter of the president, just an angry sjw who thinks they're something special for being a mod.
mods have been engaged in shameless fuckery for a while now. Seems obvious they've been trying to ban the sub based on having mods who are clearly hostile to the users in that sub. Why haven't we all migrated off reddit by now? Isn't there an alternative? There'll be nobody on reddit but bots and foreign sock puppet shills soon enough.
Well, looks like there's no choice but to leave now - make this shithole the new 'myspace'! Sure, most other platforms suck - now this one sucks too (and has for a long time now).
If online forums are making editorial decisions as to what views they will or won't allow to be expressed, they're publishers, and lose their immunity from liability as to the content they publish. This kind of shit also could be viewed as providing in kind contributions to the political parties and candidates they support by doing this.
NO REFUNDS!!!
All your shekels are now Bernie's shekels! NO REFUNDS!!
Funny they don't seem to ever 'quarantine' or ban any non conservative leaning subs. because redacted never has people calling for harming the POTUS, conservatives, R politicians, or praising the thug tactics of antifa. No, they never do those things.
So sexy! Do all the other rape accusations she makes in her book against other men also follow plots from episodes of law &amp; order svu?
ok, so advocating that a state governor should send armed police to forcibly bring legislators back to somewhere they're not legally obligated to be against their will at gunpoint is okie dokie though, yeah? Why don't we all wander over to some of redacted's greatest hits of praising Kathie Griffin for saying the President's children should be raped and caged and he should be beheaded? You all are delusional morons.
and you might as well start the countdown to reddit disappearing into irrelevance, since all you dopes will have left here is a bunch of bernie bros arguing with shill bots about how much free shit you all should get.
well then - looks like spex better bail the hell out pronto: http://www.dmlp.org/legal-guide/immunity-online-publishers-under-communications-decency-act
Your best bet is to go find as many different drugs as you can - cocaine, heroin, pills, lsd, weed, peyote, everything you can get your hands on, then do all the drugs before the test - that way, they'll never believe one person could have so many drugs in their system and throw the results out assuming the test is wonky.
Maybe it's like in the Flintstones when Fred got amnesia - the obvious cure is to get back in your car and smack your skull into unconsciousness, then when you wake up everything should be normal again.
weed is not 'legal for white people' - that's an entirely ignorant and racist comment. White people avoid being nabbed for weed mostly because they tend to smoke inside, not out in public, that's mainly where the difference in arrest rates comes from, not cops being racists or the law favoring white people.
Haven't they done both already? unless I'm mistaken, wasn't the AG ordered to cease prosecuting possession offenses, and medical was recently expanded.
yes, i have been on college campuses, and no, I do not recall anyone smoking in the open. Ever live in an area where you and your roomates are the only white people for 10 blocks around, and every store front as well as the ice cream truck are fronts for pot sales and other drugs? I have. The only people that ever got in shit for weed were those blasting music on their porches, openly drinking and smoking, and they only got bothered because a neighbor would call the cops bitching, then the cops show up and hassle them. Cops aren't racist - not generally - but like everyone else, when a small group of people comprises the bulk of the part of their job that is annoying they tend to lose patience with that group, whether it's younger people, ghetto neighborhood residents, or smart asses in general. I used to get stopped about once every week walking home from the subway to my apartment, because the cops assumed a white guy in a suit walking in that neighborhood at night must be looking to buy drugs. They'd stop me, ask me wtf was I doing, look at me like I was bullshitting them when I said I live down the block, then follow me and watch me go inside. To me it's more plausible that the disproportionate rates are a result of both not having sense to stay inside and be discrete, and the fact there's just more cops patrolling ghetto neighborhoods than suburban ones. It's not racist by design, but the results would appear that way for other reasons.
You asked haven't I ever been on a college campus (I have, 4 years undergrad and 3 more post grad at a large uni with thousands of students) and so I must have seen this (I never did). College students, in my experience, have better sense than to sit out in the open and smoke weed. Maybe your experience is different. You put the question out as if I'd have to be oblivious or entirely ignorant not to see what you claim is routine behavior. I really did not ever see that. Why do cops patrol ghetto neighborhoods? It's because that's where crimes happen. Why do firemen show up at places that are on fire? Your bit about 'recently' blacks could own property is abjectly retarded. Maybe as an apologist for the issues that minorities and the poor face, you're just not willing to ascribe ANY blame to them at all, as if they are too stupid to improve their own lives through better decision making, and only super smart white knights like you can save them? I've heard people rant on and on about how black people suffer massively higher rates of poverty because they 'system is racist' - but then, I have worked with about half a dozen (black) people over the past 20 years who were having really terrible financial problems, and helped them work those out and now each of them is much better off, out of debt, and doing well. They were making bad decisions (cashing checks at check cashing places, paying fees for money orders to pay bills, paying fees and interest on credit card debts, etc.) so I sat down with them and worked out their financed, their debt, helped them plan better, showed them the advantages of having some savings and a bank account, postponing purchases until they could pay up front instead of always being in debt and paying fees and interest. There's nothing racist about the financial system, but people who are poor, whose parents were poor, all the people they live around are poor, they have no one to tell them how to do it better. They have no better point of reference for how to manage money better. They're no less capable of actually doing it, there's nothing whatsoever about the financial system that prevents them from doing it, but they need to see how to do it better and how doing it better can improve their lives. I don't think cops are 'the bad guys', I don't think they're perfect either - they're people doing a job, and like anybody else doing their jobs, they tend to be lazy and to get pissed when somebody is making their job harder or more annoying. Sit on your porch with beers in plain sight, smoking weed, blasting music, instigating your neighbor to call the cops, now the cops have to respond, and then they show up, you argue and smack talk them, it's not ending well. People can improve their own situations just by making better decisions for themselves, but if instead they just cry about being victims and insist all the blame for their troubles is somebody else's fault, they won't ever bother doing anything for themselves. There's absolutely no fucking way I believe for one second that if the black people in my neighborhood just did what my white hippie roommates and I do - stay inside, smoke it up, don't annoy the neighbors by blasting music, that cops would still harass them - they wouldn't - that would take effort, and like all the rest of us, cops are lazy and would prefer to work less hard.
Not sure if I'm annoyed at you that you keep stopping, or admiring you for giving the cat pets on demand.
I do not dispute that the number of blacks prosecuted for MJ crimes is disproportionately higher than for whites, I think where we part company is in you concluding it is due to factors entirely outside their control (racism) and me saying that people are the masters of their own fate (mostly) and can avoid being entangled with police if they use some common sense. I really do think that writing off any options where people start thinking about how they end up being involved with the cops and how to avoid that, and instead blaming outside forces they can't control is a defeatist and unreasonable attitude that leads to failure. Also, there's nfw I'm reading all those links - I appreciate you did some research, but c'mon man, there's videos of cats riding roombas I could be watching!
For sleeping, yes. For a long sea voyage, probably not.
I like the cut of your jib!
The whole concept of 'paying forward' had so much potential to spread kindness and good karma in the world, and like any other good thing, the assholes have to ruin it.
There's NFW I'd set foot in that car. Those things will get into your socks, shoes, pants cuffs and come home with you. Nope. Self Park is that way, ahole.
I worked valet at a casino / hotel in AC, these asian guys that owned a seafood distributor business would come in in their delivery van on hot summer weekend days, always around mid afternoon, and the veteran valets would go hide in the garage and take naps in cars to avoid having to park these guys van - because it stank like rotted shrimp that had been cooking in the heat of the van and the stench was like a punch in the face. Stink stuck with you forever. I can still remember that stink now, 20 years later. Van was a bit too tall for the self park garage so we had to let them valet it (we had a surface lot 2 blocks away, that's where it had to be parked, and so it sat out in the blazing sun to cook up more rotten shrimp stink for hours while it was parked - jackasses left half full boxes of seafood in the van.)
I worked as a repo guy for a rent to own place, our standard procedure when we had to repo a fridge or oven from a known ghetto (all out customers were ghetto) person was to go get it with an empty van, take it right to a self serve carwash, and blast the bugs out of it with the pressure washer before bringing it back to the store. For some reason one popular rental item was 'Harley Davidson' branded stereo equipment, and it was an absolute guarantee anytime we repo'd that shit it would be infested with roaches, so we'd leave it outside a couple days and the bugs would find their way out.
There hasn't been a draft since Nixon was president. On the off chance you'd try and volunteer, they don't accept people with bed wetting problems anyway, so you're safe.
Maybe those someones are the ones throwing a 3 year long deranged temper tantrum?
Are you new here or something? Clearly, since this was ordered by President Trump, and Orange man bad, then killing the world's most brutal and ruthless terrorist is BAD!
Kind of like an Iranian general getting himself blown up in Iraq, huh?
I'd assume Ricky has cashed enough residual checks from 'The Office' he's in full out 'IDGAF' mode now. Good to see someone who is genuinely funny go out and be funny without giving a rat's ass who he offends.
Except cats. Cats are jerks.
They probably fart a lot less than you do.
Oh, Mr. Fancy Lad here has a special poop knife? Too good to just use the toe knife for that too?
even a toilet?
What if Iran's leaders have constructed banned facilities under a 'cultural site' to keep it from being taken out? If there were irrefutable proof they were (this is a hypothetical for argument's sake) running a bio weapons lab under some cultural site, making Anthrax or Ebola in a weaponized form, you still want to argue it's a war crime to take it out?
There's so many different kinds of antibiotics, it can be difficult to make the right choice - in my professional opinion you should opt for something more beginner level, like a True / False test. Meth mainly can be divided into Trucker Meth and Biker Meth. So by opting for Meth as a course of treatment for whatever is ailing you, you've reduced it to a solid 50/50 chance of choosing correctly.
No, if the hostile power purposely uses what would otherwise be forbidden facilities as cover for legit targets, then it's still a legit target and it's the hostile power's fault that a 'protected' site was targeted. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2014/07/31/why-hamas-stores-its-weapons-inside-hospitals-mosques-and-schools/
I can't leave a mess behind, it's an obsessive compulsion. Every scrap of trash has to get thrown out, and I wipe the table and seat off with paper napkins as best as I can. I was able to sit and eat without cleaning the table, so should the next person.
Wow, some random UN official condemned Israel and alleged they committed 'war crimes'? Shocking! Same UN that discovered Hamas had been hiding missiles and Kaliishnikovs in their schools? You know why Hamas hides weapons in schools and mosques? Because despite the fact those are explicit violations of the Geneva convention and war crimes, they don't care. It's not a war crime to destroy enemy weapons caches, even if the enemy uses a school or hospital as cover. Once you use what would otherwise be a protected site as a weapons cache, it then ceases to be a protected site. You lose that protection when you violate the conditions of those protections being applicable.
Whoah there! Sasha Obama's mother is transgender? Does that mean Michelle Obama has a dong? See, this is why people are losing trust in the media, because they just don't report on important news like Michelle Obama having a dong!
Racist Nazi Hillbilly.
I bet he can count on the dead dem vote bigly!
The planet is 2/3rds water, were you under the misimpression we're running out? Silence now, otherwise I am reporting you to our bird overlords for re-education.
Well no, you can't lick yourself clean - that's what the 'buddy system' is for!
If the creator intended us to lick ourselves clean, then why are all the stinkiest parts impossible to reach? I'll be over after work, should I bring my own Listerine?
I don't think I'm forgetting that generally they work out to a couple pennies per thousand gallons used.
OK, so since there isn't any actual thing called 'palestine', and since the armed terrorists operating under Hamas and Hezbollah banners are not signatories to any convention regulating the conduct of war, they are not protected by the Geneva convention, and any response to their acts of violence in any form can not by definition be called a 'war crime'.
Wow, you're really making some big assumptions. How do you know I'm not SpongeBob SquarePants or a computer literate cetacean?
While he was in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London
Did you ever see his series 'An Idiot Abroad'? He took loads of joy in showcasing the disgusting daily lives of average / poor people. Funny stuff.
Why not just buy a $5 crap thermostat and hang it on the wall with a nail, so the old lady can mess with it all she wants without it actually turning up the heat?
A couple of towns down by me in South Jersey preceded the State ban with city wide laws that imposed a 5 cent a bag charge for plastic bags, but the 5c goes to the store that collects it - so they got a nickel for every bag when they had been giving them out free. I just buy boxes of 2,500 plastic bags from Sam's for about $10 a box and bring loads of my own bags. Sorry, i don't want Salmonella or E-Coli from re-using a cloth bag that had chicken or whatever leaking in it the week before, and I'm not wasting the electricity washing and drying reusable bags. I use a plastic bag for the grocery store, then to take my lunch to work, then it gets used as a wastebasket bag, then it gets used again to clean out the cat box, then I throw it away.
Also, something like 90% of all plastic found in the oceans originates from 6 rivers in India and China. The problem with plastic in the oceans isn't getting solved by stopping Mrs. Johnson from being able to bring her groceries home from the shoprite in Nutley NJ.
So rig the real thermostat to give off a shock when it's touched.
There was neither a team or a franchise in Cleveland for several years. The Browns left town and became the Ravens. A new expansion team was created and given the old name that had not been in use since the Browns team that had existed ceased to exist. The franchise / team that is now called the Browns has not won any NFL championships at any point in its history.
Personally, if the old lady insists on messing with the thermostat, the obvious and simple solution is just to take her to the casino in Atlantic City, and ditch her there. A dog track would also work if that's closer.
Yeah, you're right - I was just pointing out that to some small degree at least, we've been using the lure of a path to citizenship to induce foreigners to serve in our military. I wasn't trying to argue it's a problem.
The dog tracks in Florida had been reporting a fair amount of cases of 'granny dumping' years ago when my then gf's grannie was so senile she didn't remember who anyone was and we'd jokingly ask her if she wanted to take a ride to the dog track.
Everything in nature depends on maintaining a state of equilibrium, or balance. I suspect the cause of your discomfort is the imbalance between the air in your lungs being relatively free of smoke, while the outside air is relatively thick with smoke from the brush fires. Clearly, you need to restore balance by chain smoking cigarettes, cigars, vaping, and getting as much smoke into your lungs as possible. If that doesn't help, maybe try rearranging your chakra stones or some shit like that, I don't know.
My comment was in reply to another user who claimed that the championships won by the Browns as they existed in the 1960's are somehow properly attributed to the franchise in Cleveland that exists now. Why bother getting all amped up and argumentative if you can't even be bothered to follow along with that you're replying to? You can't keep a team's history 'in trust', that's a retarded claim and nothing other than a legal fiction concocted to shut the stupid crybaby fans the hell up and end a nuisance lawsuit. A new expansion team has no history or past championships.
Are you mental? Under what theory does the current NFL franchise in Cleveland claim to have won any NFL championships in its past? That the history of the former Cleveland franchise was 'placed in trust'? I already explained why that is idiotic, but keep on blathering on with your stupid anyway if that's what you want to do.
Okie dokie - and I suppose we should also bank on Sarah Silverman's claim that when the shit hits the fan, the military and cops will side with the lefties?
That's their scheme - it's really the other way around!
Meh, I'd expect they'll lose interest just on account of it being a little cold out or traffic being a little heavy that day. Anything that requires more effort than complaining loudly from their seat in a climate controlled coffee shop is beyond them.
I've donated to Bernie's campaign 8 times since last spring. One dollar each time. Only when the begging email of the day offers something to be mailed to me in exchange for a donation 'in any amount'. I've gotten 6 stickers and 2 hardbound books. I am confident that the cost of mailing that crap to me costs them more than the dollar I donated, which was the point. Somehow, every single day, Bernie is desperate for just one more donation of $2.70, like the wino at the bus station that 'only needs 45 cents to get breakfast' or whatever their story is to beg money.
Wow, are you really that butthurt that the Browns as owned by Art Modell do not exist anymore, and the team that now calls themselves the Browns is a new creation with no history prior to them being brought in as an expansion team to appease the crybaby Clevelanders?
Good God, that's nearly 80%!
Seriously, we shouldn't be wasting money securing the border, we need that money for sex change operations for people who join the military so they can get free sex change operations, also health benefits for illegal aliens! Priorities, people!
The insanely oversized pig snout part though was good for you?
I heard on tv last night that the one and only source for this story is some outlet called A-1, and that A-1 actively works for the campaigns of several dem candidates. This is manufactured fake news that any real journalist would not report without checking the source, and then after seeing who is the source, would report only that a dem organization was trying to disseminate fake news. The story is pure bullshit.
Well, yeah, all the ones that disseminate known bullshit.
Right, walls totally don't secure areas along borders. Go tell that to Israel, or our own border patrol agents. I'm sure you know more than either of them.
Is your google broken?
It certainly seems better than the alternative I'm having a three-year-long Cry-Baby fit because my girl lost.
Oh OK! You seem to not have noticed at all that this sub, which is supposed to be for political HUMOR does not ever deviate from entirely non funny garbage hit jobs on the current POTUS. Somehow, "herp derp, poo poo pee pee ORNAGE MAN BAD! AMIRITE?!?!' or its equivalent is a daily top feature on this sub, and somehow, not one single dem pol is ever the subject of mockery. But yeah, it's me that's 'obsessed'. Such a shame too, since politics is a potential goldmine of comedy, but you butt hurt fuckwits are so bent on crybabying about Trump winning you seem to have lost your sense of humor, if you ever had one.
This is why lawyers tell their clients to shut the hell up.
It was genius - he financed construction of the casino hotel with 'junk bonds', then once it was opened and operating, he paid himself a management fee that was about equivalent to the total profits, which left the operations barely scraping by as far as cash flows. Then he had the entity that owned the building declare bankruptcy, since it had no cash, which squeezed the bond holders out in the bankruptcy, which meant he paid pennies on the dollar for the construction of the building. Showboat, Caesars, Bally's, Sands and Claridge casinos in Atlantic City all followed the same model more or less, and all filed for bankruptcy at least once. They all operate that way - layers of entities holding debts, paying rent on land, paying management fees and leasing back FF&amp;E.
Well, it's a pit bull, bred for fighting, so it's not equipped to serve as a drug sniffing dog and isn't suitable to be near people.
It's much easier if you get them liquored up a bit first.
OK, so this thing can replace the old school road trip role of the 'navigator / co pilot' as far as the road maps, but then who is going to roll the joints?
Funny how they assume they'd even be granted entry to the USA - isn't there some kind of requirement that people who want permission to come to the US to live there prove they are gainfully employed or at least won't be a burden on the welfare system? These 2 are just a hair above neckbearded Bernie Bros. on the uselessness scale.
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/events/wildwood-nj-jan-28-2020 assuming you meant tix for POTUS Trump rally, not the bathroom pow wow with Fauxcahontas and her fellow travelers.
It's an hour drive for me, I'm going to get there at noon and hope that's early enough to actually get inside. If not, I'll tailgate and hang around anyway.
What's really a kick in the ass is that public employees - teachers, firemen, cops etc., retire to low tax states like Florida and South Carolina, so they can make their pensions go farther. They suck the system for years, then take all the rest they can suck and spend it out of state, stop paying NJ taxes altogether. As the real estate prices have risen over the years, I've watched the homes in my town get sold by private sector workers who ceased being able to afford the taxes to teachers / cops / firemen, who then sell to wealthy out of staters who want shore town homes.
Well, this might shock you, but 'politics' involves over 400 members of the House of Representatives, 100 sitting Senators, Governors of every state in the Union, all the members of the various state legislatures, appointed officials at the federal, state and local levels, politicians running in the primaries, etc. - so if you'd like to start a new sub dedicated solely to 2d grade level cheap shots at the POTUS, go ahead and do that. Otherwise, I am entirely correct in pointing out that this sub, titled 'political humor' not only completely ignores the humor element, but ignores over 99% of 'politics' in favor of an endless parade of unfunny shots at the President. Do better. Stop making excuses. Reddit has plenty of subs to crank on the President.
I'm sure they're all just happy you stopped laying in the middle of the living room and licking your balls.
I thought these were mainly for shoplifting steaks from the supermarket?
A conviction in the Senate doesn't just remove the POTUS from office, the conviction also serves as a bar to holding office again in the future.
Not offended in the least by jokes, I'm disappointed that what should and could be a fantastically rich source of humor and a great sub is instead devolved into a childishly stupid and entirely unfunny Trump bashing fest. I doubt you don't really know what funny is, and if you were being honest, you'd concede the vast majority of what's featured in this sub doesn't even come close to being humorous.
Mostly that's exactly what they did.
Does that mean I have to wear falsies, or can I just stuff my bra?
Then explain why I can't get Alexa to say the N word?
What kind of malarkey is that? Biden is the BEE'S KNEES!
I want both the IQ test and the pushup contest!
Pic shows him at the vet's office - probably better for him to do what the vet says instead of rando internet commenter.
I guess you couldn't be bothered to notice the post shows the dog at a vet's office, so it doesn't seem like OP needed your amateur hour medical advice.
Your comment went on and on offering medical advice to someone who is clearly already at an actual doctor's office! Do you understand the difference between you as a layperson and an actual doctor?
In the sense that either Bernie or Fauxcahontas must be lying, it does make a difference. Given Warren's history of being loose at best with the truth, my money is on her being the liar.
Nice - amateur medical advice, assuming the person you're arguing with is younger and inferior to you, and mom jokes! You hit the trifecta of being an internet loser! Did I hurt your feelings by pointing out you're not a doctor and shouldn't be giving out medical advice, or that no one needs your amateur medical opinions given the fact they're at an actual doctor's office? Get over it loser.
He was done before he started - Bernie's got one role to play in the DNC - raise money from his naive followers and hand it over to the candidate the DNC chooses to run once they've railroaded him out of the race. NO REFUNDS!
Right - you'll have something better to do than play 'let's pretend to be a doctor' on the internet! Say hi to your mom for me!
Not long after the Exxon Valdez disaster, Captain Hazelwood got hired to teach a maritime safety course, so there's precedence for hiring the architect of a disaster to speak about how to avoid that kind of disaster. Maybe Stelter's purpose in life is to serve as a warning to others on what not to do?
Oh my sides! Surely this sub is the paragon of funny! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well that articles about electronic fuel injection not just fuel injection Chevy was the first car that you could buy that has fuel injection but it was mechanical electronic electronic didn't really get popular until the 80s
How are we to combat this rampant cartoon homosexuality? Throwing the offending cartoon character from even the highest rooftop results in them either bouncing like a rubber ball on impact, or immediately returning to their usual form after flattening onto the ground! They can only be defeated through Jihad!
Her own driver was on drugs and driving like a reckless maniac - that's the cause of her death. Her own driver literally killed her, along with her not wearing a seatbelt.
Is there some reason her driver was entirely incapable of just driving like a normal person at a safe speed, other than him being impaired by drugs? No, there wasn't, and she should have been wearing a seatbelt, that alone would have saved her life. I understand they didn't want to be photographed by the paparazzi, and they were being chased, but they weren't being chased by murderous gangs of Yakuza, they were being chased by photographers.
The reality of what seatbelts actually do is horrifying - your internal parts keep moving after a fast moving vehicle that you're in stops moving - her aorta cut loose from the rest of her heart because her body stopped moving but her innerds didn't. Seatbelt slows your rate of deceleration so your insides slow down closer to the same rate as your outsides. More or less that's how it works anyway. Driver's ed is nasty stuff.
iirc, the producers of The Americans said after the finale, that Mark Knopfler did a special version of the song for this episode. That montage was crushingly sad.
Walmart had a contest where people could vote for where they'd send Pitbull to do a show as long as the place was in a city where there was a Walmart. People brigaded the vote and sent him to Anchorage Alaska. Pitbull was a good sport and did the show there.
It doesn't resemble humor in any way at all. It's nothing but a narrow minded bigoted insult. Is this what you assholes consider 'humor' now? Hurling hateful insults at people you don't know anything about and branding anyone who doesn't align with your poiltics as 'racist'? I guess you weren't aware that Antifa and the Black Panthers had very large contingents of people marching alongside guys like this, all of them supporting the same cause of defending their 2d amendment rights. Oh yeah, and the Virginia Governor who rang the alarm bells over this event being about 'racism' has proudly appeared in numerous photos wearing black face. Glad you support the 2d amendment and the rally, but no, this is not anything remotely resembling humor. Do better politicalhumor sub.
MLK was a lifelong Republican. Mainly because the dem party founded the KKK and fought for segregation and Jim Crow laws.
The real revelation is seeing how obnoxious drunks are when you're out someplace sober and surrounded by drunks. "Oh wow, is that what I act like drunk?'
Well, yeah, but now I also need a pillow that isn't wet, slobbery and that doesn't stink of dog spit.
I'm not sensitive or 'triggered', I just genuinely appreciate the vast potential of politics for comedy and am sorely disappointed this sub fails to make any attempt at being funny, and opts instead for screechy ignorant cheap shots directed solely at those whose political views the mob here dislikes. It's not Trump that's normalizing shitty behavior, it's the mob on this sub and others like it that feel entitled to brand everyone they disagree with as 'racists' and ignorant hillbillies. If there's nothing humorous about the post, it doesn't belong in a humor sub. Just try and be funny, it's not that hard.
Does it make you feel superior to ignorantly brand everyone who doesn't share your political views as racists, despite you not having any clue at all? Keep that up - this is how you morons lost in 2016. But then, you seem content to bask in your bigotry, so enjoy that. Relentlessly insulting people you know nothing about - yep, that should sway people to your side for sure. Keep telling yourselves it's Trump though that's dividing the country.
The GOP did not at any time 'court white supremacists' - you must be thinking of the party of Exalted Grand Cyclops of the KKK Robert Byrd on that issue. "It should come as no surprise that Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was a Republican. In that era, almost all black Americans were Republicans. Why? From its founding in 1854 as the anti-slavery party until today, the Republican Party has championed freedom and civil rights for blacks. And as one pundit so succinctly stated, the Democrat Party is as it always has been, the party of the four S’s: slavery, secession, segregation and now socialism." https://humanevents.com/2006/08/16/why-martin-luther-king-was-republican/
Republicans in congress, without whom it would not have passed, given the large numbers of racist white supremacist dem congressmen voting against it, including Robert Byrd, who made a device he used to enable him to filibuster the voting rights act without having to leave the podium to piss. Yes, Grand Exalted Cyclops of the KKK Robert Byrd stood before congress for hours upon hours, pissing in his pants, to try and prevent the voting rights act from being passed. He is also referred to by Hillary Clinton as her mentor in one of her books. Al Gore's father also fought hard against the voting rights act.
Same as always, the dem party. See Hillary's book dedicated to her mentor, Grand Exalted Cyclops Robert Byrd. What party is that blackface wearing racist VA governor? Who is the first POTUS in 50 years to bring African American unemployment levels to historic lows? Which POTUS is the first to support same sex marriage as a candidate? Keep lapping up that dem party Kool Aid that somehow it's the other guys that are racist and anti gay rights. Then go take an objective look at reality and see that you've been duped.
Nah, she confirmed it was about Warren Beatty. And also that Warren Beatty was a deep undercover directorate S spy for the Soviets.
Under rule of law there most certainly is a way to proceed - motion to dismiss.
Why is it so important to you who cares about you and whether you're important to anyone else in their lives? Your life is yours, to do whatever makes you feel fulfilled - don't waste your time on trying to live your life for the benefit of others. In my experience, most people are assholes, so there is no payoff in trying to please them. Drop the burden of trying to please others and go live your life for yourself.
Did they? Please tell me which congressmen and Senators switched parties? Was it Grand Exalted KKK Cyclops Robert Byrd? Did he switch to the Republican party? Which racist pro-segregation dems switched parties? Who among the multitudes of Republicans in the house and Senate that voted in favor of the voting rights and civil rights acts switched to the dem party? Seems someone just laps up the bullshit the dems have been peddling without bothering to read up on it and check it out for themselves.
Go read up on what the 'Southern Strategy' really was and was not. 'Switched' clearly is flat out wrong, as iirc, it was one house member that switched parties. Nixon felt like inner city urbanites who were well off and well educated were a ripe target to pry the southern states from the pro union and anti war agendas of the dem party, it was not about racism in any way. The southerners who were racists still had loud voices within the dem party in Byrd and Gore among many others, not to mention the 'dixiecrats' that supported George Wallace.
The entire premise of that article is an imagined world where the right is being hostile and attacking the left, without listening to or considering their views. That world does not exist anywhere but in the imaginations of the left, who can not admit they are the only ones attacking, the only ones who innately feel hate simply because they find themselves in situations where someone they disagree with is allowed to express their views. Conservatives do not show up at events featuring left wing advocates and shut the event down with violence, they do not scream hateful unfounded slurs to silence lefties, they do not try to have them blacklisted or branded as hatemongers or subhumans. Those are all tactics employed by the left nearly exclusively.
But the author admits that without knowing one single thing about the person in the MAGA hat, they feel compelled to identify that person as a hate filled racist homophobe, dehumanizing them and thereby justifying their violent fantasies. Only the author is 'triggered' by irrational hate for someone they know almost nothing about, only the author is concocting mental excuses to justify their desire to use violence to harm this person whose only 'offense' is to hold differing views. The author is admitting to holding the attitudes of an intolerant fascist, and having a hissy fit that their unbridled hate is at odds with what they know deep down in their psyche - which is that others do in fact have the right to disagree. They don't want others to have the right to disagree with them, because if those differing views are allowed to be expressed, then the lefty is no longer on that esteemed high horse of righteousness and is instead forced to defend their views, and defending those views is hard.
Weird how the Abbott school towns that get assloads of extra funding for schools still rank at the bottom of the list. Seems like throwing piles of money at corrupt ghetto idiots who get elected by corrupt uneducated ghetto idiots doesn't translate to better schools?
I was looking for threads on this after seeing the NJ.com article, and they had one about the rally in the nj sub from a month ago when the rally was announced. The comments on that thread mostly were jackoffs congratulating each other for their master plan of not showing up to the rally to protest, because then there'd be no one at the rally at all and then the lack of crowds would embarrass POTUS Trump. They really do live on an alternate plane of reality.
Or, say, the difference between understanding the rules of the competition, and winning, as opposed to, say, losing.
I think you're confused about 'left' and 'right'. The GOP has always been and still is about individual liberties, a government of enumerated and limited powers, strict(er) interpretation of the constitution, and solving social issues through non governmentally imposed solutions. The dems have always been about loose interpretation of the constitution, expansion of federal governmental power, and imposing solutions to social problems on people and the states through exercise of federal power. None of that has changed. GOP members of the house and Senate pushed civil rights and voting rights acts through against stiff opposition by the dem party. Nixon enacted the clean water act and clean air acts, established the Environmental Protection Agency -and he tried like hell to get the first woman appointed to the US Supreme Court, but was shot down by the very left leaning ABA. The GOP was never 'to the left of the Democrats', as 'left' means more reliance on government and less individual accountability / liberty. Why do you try and associate President Trump with neo nazis? Are you blissfully unaware that his daughter married a man who is Jewish, that he has acknowledged Israel's annexation of the Golan Heights, moved the US embassy to Jerusalem, and has Jewish grandchildren? Doesn't sound like a 'neo nazi' to me, but then facts and reality have never been an obstacle to the dem party's smear tactics. If you choose to ignore reality and argue the smears fabricated by the DNC it is not worth arguing with you. Do you have no criticism or concern for Gov. Northam's happily posing for pictures in a KKK outfit and blackface? No problems with Hillary embracing a former Klan recruiter and Grand Exalted Cyclops as her 'mentor'? Do you honestly believe Hillary is a champion of women's causes despite her relentlessly smearing her rapist husband's victims and destroying their lives to protect her political career? It seems like dem supporters gladly ignore actual real facts when they do not support the fantasy the DNC is selling, but also gladly accept as fact any and every concocted baseless smear the DNC throws at the R's and their supporters. Who is it that began the policy of 'babies in cages'? Which presidential candidate was the first to support same sex marriage as a candidate? How is it that Biden, Obama, Hillary and many other dems loudly advocated for a border wall and immigration controls, right up until President Trump came into office and actually started taking action on those things?
We live in a republic - do you think that 48 or so states in the republic should have no voice at all so that 2 or 3 of the big states can have 'super votes'?
Only the 2d part was in jest. Maybe. I can not officially confirm or deny that Warren Beatty was a Soviet operative. Carly however used code in her songs, and it is believed that when she sings 'your scarf it was apricot' that's code for 'Soviet Spy'.
I did try, it was so long and boring I did not make it through it.
I got a cat. Sure, meaningful relationships are important, but my advice was aimed more towards not feeling like your own value is measured by whether others seem to value you or not, or how much. That is doomed to leaving you disappointed, since nearly everyone is self absorbed and won't be bothered to make you a priority - so you have to make yourself a priority, and tune out the negativity or apathy of others. Maybe it's corny or trite, but if you want others to value you, you have to value you first. Don't let assholes get you down. As with most things, of course it's easier said than done so good luck. If you want an easy 'cheat' go get a dog or cat from the animal shelter, it makes a world of difference to have at least one creature in the world you can always count on to be happy to see you, plus you know you've done something good by giving it a home.
Well what you want then is a straight democracy, which isn't a republic which we have now, and your system is nothing but mob rule. No system could be entirely fair to everyone, I like what we have now just fine.
Considering how you've lapped up the nonsense that the Republican party is racist and hates MLK, the dem party has been successful in propagating the lies that the parties 'switched' and somehow the party that produced the votes to get civil rights legislation passed over dem party obstruction, and freed the slaves over dem party open rebellion and secession, and did away with segregation in the armed forces twice (had to do that a second time after dem pres. Woodrow Wilson brought it back), strong support by African Americans for the dem party goes back to LBJ's famous brag that they'd have them voting dem for the next 200 years. You expect 90% support this election, given that after 50+ years of dem party control of cities that have shown zero progress in improving the lives of African Americans bu then magically POTUS Trump's policies have gotten them their first real wage growth in decades, lowest unemployment rates in history, sweeping bipartisan criminal justice reforms, and highest rates of home ownership ever? Trump is polling somewhere in the range of 30% support among likely African American voters - anything north of 15% is game over for the dems in 2020. Dems aren't getting 90% this election, you can book that. The lies only sell up until the time those lies are exposed by somebody else coming in and fixing the problems the other guys have sworn they were working to fix for decades without any results.
OK, but the author also concludes that blame falls on both sides for creating the atmosphere of divisiveness, when that is entirely false. Ever see the videos of Trump fanatics at one of his rallies swarming Jim Acosta - they're not bashing his head with bike locks or screaming vulgar epithets at him, they crowd around him smiling and taking selfies with him. Now, show up at a dem candidate's event in a MAGA hat and be prepared for openly hostile verbal and physical abuse. You can go anywhere you please with a shirt or hat on promoting a dem candidate and at worst you'll get a good natured ribbing - go anywhere in Trump gear and it is a near certainty you'll get punched or something thrown at you - there's an endless parade of incidents like that, close to zero going the other way. One side feels entitled to dehumanize their opponents and use violence / censorship / fabricated slurs to silence them, conservatives are respectful and will discuss issues calmly and peacefully.
No, 'one person one vote' means the hordes of California voters subject the entire interior of the country to their dictates, and that's not fair, that's why the framers opted for a republic style of government. The interstate compact would get struck down as unconstitutional if and when it is challenged. One thing you seem to ignore is that in our elections, there's loads of folks who never leave their homes to bother voting in states like NY and Cal, because they know it won't matter, so saying that the final voting numbers somehow would have been the same if some other system were in place ignores reality. Senators and Governors are elected within each state, same as electors who then cast their electoral votes for President, which reflects the fact that this is a republic.
The organizers of the women's march here in Atlantic City moved it inside, because it was going to be cold out that day. What did they think they'd accomplish by wearing pussy hats and waving signs in a room, inside, full of nothing but other women in pussy hats waving signs? The organizer said something about the purpose of the event being to make women feel empowered. OK.
Hurting yourself isn't going to square anything with anyone you think has been mean to you. Also, you should know that when you hang yourself, then you shit and piss yourself as a result of your bladder and sphincter relaxing immediately post death, so wear a diaper if you follow through so no one has to cut you down with pee pants and clean up the mess of your shit afterwards. That would be a humiliating way to be found.
I don't have time to respond to all that, but the part about 'at least the election would result in a leader 'the people' want is nonsense - every state has people, this country is a republic, not one large mob, and your system disenfranchises everyone living within the interior. Only 'the people' of 4 or 5 large state would ever get the leader their people want. That leads to secession and rebellion. Each state does have options to decide how their electors vote - I don't see how the interstate compact, which purports to allow one state's electors to disregard the voters of that state and instead cast their ballots according to what voters outside that state do could pass constitutional muster. It won't, in my opinion.
Again, your last bit, 'Each state shall appoint' makes it clear that each individual state is to appoint electors, not neighboring states or some amalgamation of states. As far as figuring out how much it costs to go after each vote, how do you see that working out? Here's a hint - going to the big states is the most cost effective way to go after votes, so again, no one will bother with the interior of the country, because there's less population density and each voter is more costly to go after, so they won't. The people of each state in this Republic vote to have electors for that state cast their ballots for POTUS. As far as 'they'll adapt', yes, they'll go with the obvious methodology of only spending time and money where there's loads of votes to go after, meaning they won't spend any time or money anywhere outside the 5 biggest states.
None of that crap was Sinatra's, it's all shit from a casino hotel that had a 'Sinatra Suite'. Decades ago I worked for a moving and storage company that had a couple truckloads of crap from the same casino, the old / former 'Golden Nugget', mostly ice machines and chandeliers. The ice machines were trash since they stored them all upside down, and the chandeliers when you get up close are spray painted junk you could pull apart with your bare hands. That place has been closed for forever now, so anything that was still inside the building was written off as unsaleable garbage 20 years ago.
Good luck trying to enforce any law that seeks to make knowledge illegal. Because that's all the moron state AG is trying to do here. Kids in my high school made 'zip guns' in shop class out of wood, nails and rubber bands - is the idiot AG going to make wood, nails and rubber bands illegal too?
What if the several million R voters in California got off their butts and voted anyway, despite knowing full well they wouldn't flip the state red anyway? That alone would have swung it. I went out and voted specifically for this reason. Also, what if all the bullshit double voting, messenger / mail in ballots and ballot harvesting were cut out so that the only votes cast were one per legal registered voter?
Form a corporation in NJ, sell house to NJ corp., sell corp to new buyer instead of selling the house.
Here's a good one to watch for: NJ State Constitution had to be amended to allow for a state sales tax. The amendment to the state constitution that allows for a sales tax provides that no part of the sale price of any product or service that is already a federal tax is subject to the NJ state sales tax. That means there is not and has not ever been any legal authority for collecting sales tax for that part of a pack of cigs or 6 pack of beer or bottle of booze which is federal tax - but check your receipts next time you by some beer / booze / cigs and see for yourself they just charge the full amount of the sales tax on the entire shelf price without accounting for the part that's already taxes. The remedy is someday some big law firm will file a class action lawsuit to recoup the illegally charged taxes for the consumers of NJ, and since the state spent all that money, and is eyeballs deep in debt, they'll be ruined financially if / when the state has to pay back all they illegally collected. tic toc, it's coming! If anyone put together a full accounting of everything we pay over to local / county / state / feds in hidden taxes and fees, the people would burn Washington D.C. to the ground the same day.
Has anyone ever been left on the street after calling an ambulance for a legitimate medical emergency because they didn't have insurance or the money to pay for the ambulance? No, that has never happened.
Sounds to me like you're saying I should call out sick tomorrow just in case?
Well they did, but then the corona virus got AIDS and died.
I know a guy who refuses to go to the doctor, ever, for anything, including when he broke his leg and hobbled everywhere on a cane for 2 years, because he's convinced doctors are scammers and will tell him there's something seriously wrong with him if he goes to see one. Also, sometimes the 'we want to take you to the hospital just in case' is a cover your ass thing and the trip isn't needed at all anyway. I stand by my point that no one who wants and needs an ambulance ride is turned down based on ability to pay.
175,000 ticket requests for a 7,400 seat arena in a deep blue state. Parkway was closed, Delsea Drive closed, main parking lot in front of the arena closed for security, and they still ended up with over 150 people in line by 9 a.m. Monday, and over 8,000 by 9 a.m. Tuesday.
Tobacco tax was passed as a temporary measure to pay for the civil war. Funny how politicians lie to get the people to go along with new taxes, and then somehow those 'temporary' taxes never ever go away.
New Jersey created the Turnpike Authority to build the NJ Turnpike, the charter for the Turnpike Authority specifies that the bonds taken out to pay for construction would be paid off through tolls charged to people using the Turnpike, and once the bonds were paid off, the authority would be dissolved, and the tolls would be removed. The bonds were paid off decades ago, so what the Turnpike Authority did instead of removing the tolls and dissolving was they took out bonds for other projects like the AC Airport, and obviously the tolls remain. Once you give politicians power and money, they never ever give it up.
A little trucker meth does offset that cough syrup-ey taste that Pepsi has.
The dems open borders and sanctuary city policies are class warfare - they victimize existing US citizens who are on the low end of the wage scale by forcing them to compete with low and no skill illegal (and legal) immigrants. Dems don't care that their policies destroy the lives of low income Americans, as long as they can keep flooding the country with potential new dem party voters.
If any dem candidate drew even one-tenth as many people as President Trump draws at any of his rallies, the media would be orgasming all over themselves non stop for days. I could host the next Biden rally in my kitchen and have room to spare.
Wait a minute - it's illegal to keep severed penises in coolers? Where are you supposed to keep them?
Yeah, and he would have gotten away with it too, if it weren't for you and that stupid dog of yours asking questions like 'hey, what's that cooler full of severed penises over there?'
Well, it seems the Puerto Ricans in this story didn't know that Cleveland gets fucking cold in the winter, so?
Meh, even after 150 years passed since Napolean died, his severed penis only fetched $3,000. Considering how remote the crash scene is and how many cops are there, it doesn't seem worth the effort. You might be surprised how flat the market for severed celebrity penises has been. Also, if they find Kobe's penis is missing, I swear I had nothing to do with that. http://content.time.com/time/specials/packages/article/0,28804,1988719_1988728_1988695,00.html
How about 'don't be so retarded in running a company that you think somehow you can pay existing employees less than new hires and not be found out'?
Chimney sweeps?
Stupid kids these days don't even know enough to start a fire to obscure the evidence and crime scene, let alone leaving a dead hooker behind to keep the cops busy trying to figure that out.
Whoah there! That is insanely racist - you do know black people aren't a different species, right?
When skateboards are outlawed, only outlaws will own skateboards!
Maybe then it's just you that's the different species, one born without any sense of humor?
A girl has no name. Or weed. She does however have some time before court, so go smoke her up.
That's all well and nice, but the important question is, do you do anal?
No, it was deadly serious, as the r/trashy sub is noted for its serious discussions of important social issues, and is entirely devoid of any humor at all. Fine work Detective Asshole!
Go ahead and do it you bigot if you have the balls.
Oh come on man that's just crazy talk!
I don't know man that sounds to me like a scam to get free socks.
You're the one that misinterpreted an obvious joke comment and got your panties all in a bunch cuz you have no goddamn sense of humor. That speaks volumes too nitwit.
Haha this is so funny making fun of what people look like is hysterical haha making fun of what people look like it's so funny and totally cool.
Why don't you flail your arms and piss your pants having a fit about not liking a joke you didn't get in the first place, because you were too excited for what you thought was a great 'GOTCHA!' opportunity to white knight for people who didn't ask for that, and cry 'RACIST'? You know, it's always an option if you don't understand a comment, to just move along and stfu.
People who go to trade schools already know that the solutions to their problems require them doing something about it themselves, and that complaining about why no one else is fixing their shit is pointless and idiotic.
Damn, Governor Northam is really resorting to radical means to balance the Virginia budget!
There was a trial in the House, they did have 17 witnesses, none of the ones the R's wanted were allowed. Was the plan to try and have the R controlled Senate continue the House's proceedings and also call more witnesses the D's wanted?
And the Senate passes judgment on the charges brought forward by the House, they don't have a trial in the Senate. The House is where all evidence etc. is assembled. The D's have a majority in the House, they were entirely free to bring in any and all witnesses they chose, they just didn't want to wait a few weeks for the legitimate issue of executive privilege to be decided by a judge, because then they couldn't pass articles of impeachment in time for Christmas.
If you think any municipal employee is making minimum wage, you don't know how municipal governments work. Also, TFB for the clerk - their job is to serve as the face of the traffic court system, they are inserted between the public and the officers who cause so much hate for the system, so pissing them off means they in turn bitch at the people causing the anger, and thereby maybe making the people actually responsible think about cutting the shit out.
Congratulations! My son is a couple months and his service project away from joining you.
Are you using the term 'child' broadly, because my son is over 16 and is still a bit away from earning his Eagle rank, his friends are his age and mostly are in the same position - I get it they're not technically adults at 16 or 17, but idk if I'd refer to them as 'children' either? Is there some place kids are earning Eagle rank before they're teenagers?
There''s absolutely zero merit to any argument that the President somehow did anything 'illegal' in asserting executive privilege in blocking his advisor from publicly testifying about his work advising the President. When one branch of government demands something from another branch of government and the 2 parties disagree, then the legally required procedure is to take that issue to the courts to decide it. If you hate the constitution and the truth, that's on you.
Well, it also doesn't necessarily mean that you can't keep it.
No, it isn't - the house assembles the evidence and presents the case to the Senate to pass judgment on. The Senate can ask for more witnesses to be heard if they think they need it to make a better judgment. In this case, the charge of 'obstruction of congress' is pure bullshit in the sense that had Congress decided to press the issue of advisors being called to testify publicly despite the obvious issue of executive privilege barring that, they could have gone to court to enforce a subpoena - they chose not to do that, and that choice does not result in the President's claim of privilege operating as an impeachable offense - it's his right as the executive to stand by his claim, unless or until a court rules against him. 'Abuse of Power' is equally as idiotic and also not an impeachable offense, as an executive always has discretion in how to wield his power within the confines of the law, and there is no law that says foreign aid can not be temporarily delayed if the executive believes that a temporary hold serves the nation's interests - it was released within the time specified by Congress, and that is all the law requires.
I was relieved.
Probably, but then, that word in German is probably 186 letters and 25 syllables.
You're on reddit, I assume at some point you've seen a post on redacted about how 'Orange man BAD!' gilded to the moon with 80 bazillion upvotes - so is a mere 235 idiots upvoting an anti vax thing really a surprise?
Same word, and they want it to have 2 different meanings? What kind of marxist radical agenda are these nutjobs trying to force on our CHILDREN!!!! Slippery slope, people!
Not trying to argue that vaccines aren't a good thing, they are, but in reality the corona virus is a lot less prevalent than the flu, less contagious, and less lethal. It's also as hard to concoct an effective vaccine for it as it is for the flu. On the whole, I'll take my chances with the corona virus. I don't live anywhere that it's a problem though.
Does all logic and science really say to get a vaccine that is at best only marginally likely to provide any protection at all, to protect against a disease that is less lethal than the flu, and that only people in one part of the world that is very far away have any realistic chance of being exposed to at all? Relax people, the corona virus is not coming to get you.
They could do what we did in college - exhale the smoke through a cardboard paper towel roll stuffed with dryer sheets!
Of course there are. Did you know that lesbians account for 100% of all space crime? https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7390353/NASA-investigates-claims-astronaut-accessed-spouses-bank-account-space.html
I appreciate the answer but my only reason for asking was that my son is just over 16 I got a little nervous than maybe he was behind schedule.
The subpoenas were defective in the first place - since the house did not pass any resolution approving an impeachment inquiry, the subpoenas they tried to serve had no legal authority to be issued, and so they were refused on those entirely legal grounds. All the house had to do was re-authorize those same subpoenas after they had gotten around to passing a resolution approving an impeachment inquiry, but they did not ever do that. The President can't ask a court to rule on whether they are required to respond / comply with subpoenas until legally valid subpoenas are served, and that never happened, solely because the house never did it.
The leaders of Gaza, Hamas, have a charter stating what their purpose is. Up until recently their charter explicitly stated their purpose is to destroy all of Israel and drive all the Jews into the sea (genocide). They only changed it because they were told if they didn't they'd lose any future aid from the US and EU. It's long past time to end the game of make pretend that the arabs are interested in peaceful coexistence. They are not, and have never been. Just like the Nazis, who they deeply admire, they must be smashed once and for all for there to ever be peace in the middle east.
Aren't pit bulls illegal to own in East Anglia? I'm fairly sure they are, and the dog in this post looks to me like it's a pit bull. https://www.thesun.co.uk/archives/news/622642/buy-killer-pit-bulls-for-50-on-the-internet/
Wasn't the psycho that shot up Scalise and others playing softball a Bernie Bro?
I pop over to political humor regularly to mock them for not seeming to grasp the concept of actual 'humor', and to remind them (pointlessly it seems) that in the universe of politics, there are other politicians other then bad Orange Man. I do not remember the last time they posted anything remotely funny and I'm fairly certain they don't ever post anything that isn't a deranged unhinged juvenile screechy rant about bad Orange Man.
Way back when the Cleveland Indians opened their new stadium, my buddies got tickets for opening weekend, and we all drove out there for the game, I mocked my buddy who got the tickets because we were in row 'X', he replied ;well at least we're not in rows y or z'. There is no row y and no row z, we were in the last row of the uppermost upper deck with our backs to a chain link fence, cold as heck, wind blowing, absolutely cold and miserable. As a couple of my friends get up to move down to open seats I hear a woman calling out to me 'hey, why dontcha come sit with us?' There was a group of 4 very large women with umbrellas to keep the wind off their backs inviting me to sit with them. I took them up on their offer and squished myself into the open seat between 2 of them, and immediately felt enrobed in the luxurious warmth of these large and very friendly ladies, who also shared the copious selection of concessions they had with me. On that day, I discovered that large ladies with their body heat and ability to shield me from the cold wind can serve a very worthwhile purpose.
Maybe, with lots of breaks for snacks and naps?
If Bud Light had some virus in it, maybe it would at least taste like something?
Sure, it is poison, but at least it's all natural poison, since it's naturally produced as the excrement of yeast organisms. So it's piss and poison at the same time!
Normal person sick and tired of every f'ing sub here being overrun and ruined by childish crybabies!
No, there are nothing but screechy hate comments about Trump because the reddit mods on nearly every sub delete and ban everything and everyone else. You are only under the misimpression that 99.999% of everyone hates Trump because you hang around reddit and assume it represents reality. Are you not aware of the obscene levels of bias in how this site is run?
Are we really sure it's the kid who is in timeout, and not the dog?
Des pa cito!
He is demanding that the people in charge DO SOMETHING! WHY AREN'T THEY LISTENING TO HIM!?!?!?!
Why don't we all just cease paying any mind to these illegal and arbitrary restrictions starting right now? Just like the Area 51 thing, 'they can't arrest us all'!
Anyone expect our State Supreme Court to strike down this obviously unconstitutional violation of our 1st amendment rights? Yeah, me neither.
If the NJ sub bans anyone opposing the democrat party line or any dem politician, then there needs to be some place for the counter arguments and opposing point of view to be expressed - that is what this sub is for. If you feel more comfy hearing nothing but leftist opinions you already agree with, go there.
I assume by 'spent most of her life in a shelter' that means 'pawned off on dupes and returned repeatedly for violent unpredictable aggression'. This is not an animal that can be kept as a pet.
OK, so between Murphy rubbing elbows in tight spaces with thousands of strangers, Fauci claiming 'social justice is more important than social distancing', the trannie Health official in Pennsylvania shoving COVID patients into nursing homes, NY Gov. Cuomo doing the same, both causing countless numbers of avoidable deaths seemingly on purpose, and George Floyd's 23 funerals all open to the public, can we just stop pretending the chinese flu is anything other than a scam to tank the economy in an election year? I am shocked that businesses haven't just started opening without any restrictions and people haven't tossed the stupid facemasks in the garbage by now.
How is it racist to point out the simple irrefutable fact that the BLM shit is spawning terrorism, and if they were really concerned with black lives, they'd address the issue of 7,000 black people being murdered by other black people every year in Chicago, and over half of all black babies being murdered by planned parenthood (who preys on minorities by placing almost 80% of abortion clinics in minority neighborhoods) - not the 10 unarmed black men killed by cops last year? Are facts racist now? Seems so.
People need to immediately resume normal life and ignore the chinese flu bullshit, right now. Murphy, Cuomo and the trannie health director in PA are directly responsible for over half the chinese flu deaths in NY/NJ/PA due to their orders forcing nursing homes to take in chinese flu patients. They need to be held accountable.
Oh c'mon, Gerbil Clownworld as attorney general isn't enough for you?
If it gets to a 3rd sequel, 6 flags is obliged to open a new ride, 'The Holo-coaster'
She looks like she did something in those yoga pants, and it wasn't yoga.
How about a friendly reminder that health care professionals committing malpractice are responsible for nearly a quarter of a million avoidable deaths each year, making them the 3rd leading cause of death in the US? https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2016/05/03/476636183/death-certificates-undercount-toll-of-medical-errors
Yeah, because toddlers are commonly high on crack and packing a gun.
Did you ever have one of your students die of a heart attack while you were restraining them, because they had 4 times the amount of fentanyl in their system that would be fatal, as well as pre existing heart problems? Can you tell the difference between a sober unarmed child and a 250+ pound / 6'5" grown man high on massive amounts of fentanyl? It's really not that hard.
Yeah, too bad the 4 Minneapolis cops aren't being charged with felonies and being held in jail right now to hold them accountable. Also a good thing hospital personnel are always completely honest and transparent when someone in their care dies and sues for malpractice - doctors and nurses never cover for each other, right?
Cops fucking up at their jobs led to just over 40 unarmed people being killed by cops last year. Medical professionals fucking up at their jobs led to around 250,000 people losing their lives last year. Yay Nurses?
So 40 or so unarmed people killed by law enforcement, 250,000 killed by health care providers, and you're still on your high horse? I suppose you'll also claim that it's routine that every time you're working on a patient, you're in the middle of the street where anyone in any window could start shooting guns or fireworks at you, hurl projectiles at you, or hostile people could creep out of their apartments or alleyways and suddenly you're surrounded by people bent on doing you harm? Get over yourself - you work in an entirely sterile and controlled environment and your work is not in any way comparable to a cop's.
You should try and get Chaz Bono to show up for some publicity, he probably doesn't have anything better to do. Seems like a good spokesperson for you all.
No doubt - all 17 intelligence agencies AGREE!!!
Also a dead ringer for Yasir Arafat.
Exactly! This is why I moved to a school free drug zone!
Yes, remember in March when Dr. Fauci swore up and down that wearing a face mask was medically unneccessary and would do zero to stop the spread of the virus, then in May he said everyone should wear one at all times to stop the spread of the virus, then last night he explained that what he said in March was an absolute lie to dissuade people from soaking up the supply of masks which were in short supply? Amazing people don't just take everything they're told at face value without question. All 17 intelligence agencies agree!
Then Fauci shouldn't have lied by saying they were ineffectual and not needed, because once you employ deceit and get caught, you lose credibility. Was Fauci wrong for saying masks were ineffectual and not needed in March? Yes, he was wrong to say that.
It's idiots like you who insist on 'diversity' instead of staffing important positions with 'qualified' people that makes effective government impossible.
OK, maybe he's not a moron, but it seems neither of us dispute that he's a liar.
No, but if you're ok with an unelected doctor being given the authority to shut down everyone's businesses and completely destroy every aspect of our lives and businesses, along with a mandate that no one is allowed to question anything he says, even after he's been outed as a liar, then think about what you're asking for with all that. He 'lied to save lives'? Bullshit - he lied to keep the supply of masks available to hospitals, when the government could have just diverted output to hospitals. Don't tell me I'm an ass for questioning a proven liar - you're an ass for demanding no one question him.
Does anyone really go out for a jog wearing work boots and jeans?
Seriously, why couldn't the cops just walk him to his sister's house up the street? Aren't people who are so completely drunk they pass out behind the wheel, and who are also on probation, get to tell the cops how to handle their criminal transgressions, and fight them using deadly force if the cops don't comply?
Here's some free legal advice: 95% of all homicide convictions involve the accused giving a confession to the police. 95% of all homicide acquittals involve an accused who has given no statement to the police. Do not talk to the police, other than name and address. Seriously, if the cops are asking you anything beyond your name and address, say nothing.
What the fuck is giving someone never elected by the people unfettered control over our lives, livelihoods, businesses, etc.? The war powers act and other existing laws allow the feds to commandeer supplies during a crisis. Fauci is now a proven liar, I'm done being told I am obliged to take everything he says at face value and comply without question. You can go ahead and trust a proven liar if you like, but that's a retarded choice on your part. It's not a conspiracy to point out that he blatantly lied and claimed masks provided no protection against the virus, later insisted everyone has to wear one in public, insisted we all have to shutter ourselves indoors to avoid spreading the virus, then said 'social justice is more important that social distancing' when the BLM shit started. Open your mind instead of getting all upset when your heroes are outed as frauds.
No, I've actually lived in black neighborhoods, so I'm not inclined to buy into the bullshit.
No, the ghettos are really Wakanda like paradises where everyone gets along and there's definitely no such thing as black racists who will harass you for just being the wrong color. Right.
OK
No, Prospect Park in Brooklyn, asshole. You wouldn't have lasted half a day there.
You talk a lot of shit and know nothing. Own that.
No, yours, where you refute someone's first hand account with a snot ass rant about your cousin living someplace you visited 20 years ago followed by the inevitable argument of one who has nothing of substance to say, the conclusion this person you've never met and know nothing about is of course a 'racist'. Well done.
I didn't say that. You know what being ignorant is? It's assuming you know so much, you'd argue about what it's like to live somewhere that you've only visited long ago, with someone who actually lived there. You're an ignorant big mouthed jackass.
Republicans should give all that money they raised through Jeffrey Epstein and that serial rapist Harvey Weinstein to a charity for abused children, maybe some of it to those women Joe Biden and Bill Clinton raped as well.
And the fire department should make fast food places wait an extra 8 minutes 46 seconds before they show up to put out the burning fast food place the BLM retards set on fire. Nice to see the enlightened minds here feel righteous about being insanely bigoted towards everyone of the tens of thousands of people who work in an indispensable and dangerous profession, because clearly, if one acted badly then they all must be punished ruthlessly and demonized mercilessly.
Yes, government doesn't already suck enough - we definitely need more input from the stupidest and least informed among us!
Did you already forget how Obama spent his entire first term and most of his second term blaming all the country's problems on George Bush? You may also not have noticed how the dems have spent almost all of Trump's first term trying to convince the people that he didn't win legitimately and trying to throw him out of office.
I'm pointing out the fact that it's a long standing tradition for the new POTUS to spend at least some part of his first term blaming the last guy for the shit he has to fix. Some drag that on longer than others.
Can someone explain how this is racist, because somehow this has to be racist.
Yeah, they've been investigating for so long, the statute of limitations ran out 2 years ago. Well done, swamp drainers at DOJ and FBI!
What's funny to me is the screeching mobs are so entirely ignorant of history, they do not seem to know that (a) Teddy Roosevelt ran to the left of Socialist candidate Eugene Debs in his unsuccessful run as a 3rd party candidate and (b) opposed dem candidate Woodrow Wilson, who went on to re-segregate the armed forces and federal employment. You wanted a socialist agenda and oppose institutionalized racism? OK, better rage against the guy who best personified those things.
Pay to play allegations can't be prosecuted now because Shrillary left office in 2013, the statute is 5 years. It's over Johnny.
And that magician's name? Why, Albertben Shapiroeinstein, of course!
I really appreciated the payoff for all the foreshadowing scenes of 'what did the fire say when Varis' junk got chucked into the flames'. That was amazing!
Nice pairing with the statue of the abolitionist Quaker they destroyed in Philly. These screeching retards have no message, other than 'we are violent, out of control retards'.
Right? Even Michael Jordan couldn't bring back the moustache style Hitler ruined.
So, pretty much just like r/politicalhumor but with actual humor?
I remember Jordan did 2 commercials with the bad Hitler stache - first one I saw, he's on an airplane and turns towards the camera, and BAM! There it is! WTF? I like to believe he got sick of everyone around him being yes men all the time, and wanted to see how long he could go around with a Hitler moustache before one of them would finally tell him he had to get rid of it. It didn't look good on Michael Jordan either.
If people are still paranoid about it, why can't they just stay home and leave everyone else to do what they're comfortable doing? Is this all about staying safe, or exerting control over other people?
How so? The vast majority of people who have tested positive have been asymptomatic, and other than the thousands of nursing home patients who died because the governors of PA, NY and NJ jammed covid positive people into the nursing homes with them, the death rate has been a fraction of a percent - and again, almost entirely confined to the elderly and immuno compromised, who can be isolated instead of forcing everyone into a lockdown. Are you making the hysterical and already debunked argument that there's some massive wave of chronically ill coming to overwhelm the hospitals?
'When he was busy calling it a hoax'? B.S. - he was busy imposing a travel ban on China, where it originated, and then also defending that action against screeching cries of 'That's RACIST' by Cryin' Chuckie and Nasty Nancy, also busy defending himself against bogus impeachment proceedings by the dems. OK, that's your argument, but it's bogus, as the argument was over how many deaths were caused by the decisions of the dem governors of NY, NJ and PA to shove covid positive patients into nursing homes, where over half of all deaths in those states occurred. No, there will only be an increase in avoidable deaths if elderly and immuno compromised are put into direct contact with infected people, which is easily avoided by, you know, NOT shoving covid positive patients into nursing homes. Please shut your fool mouth, I can feel the covid spittle flying out of you.
There's no such thing as an abandoned McDonald's. Corporate owns all of the buildings and land they sit on, so they can demolish them instead of leaving eyesores with their company logos on them.
Looks like you've kept them well into your 40's, so why not?
By 'Airship' I assume they mean Zeppelins, not airplanes.
It was probably drowned out by all the media focusing on the chief fundraiser for BLM being outed as a convicted terrorist whose 58 year sentence for involvement in the murders of 2 police officers was commuted by Bill Clinton on his last day in office, and the confirmations that the Putin / bounty story was entirely false and fabricated.
Wow, you're so smart! What's it like to be so smart? Does your mom give you extra cookies since you're such a smart, smart boy? Go take a flying fuck at the moon retard.
Right? Like their senile candidate for POTUS saying he's running for the Senate, and then forgetting the name of the POTUS he served as VP for 8 years under! What dopes! And nice try by that gang of racists to take down all the portraits of their racists brethren from the House of Reps - trying to hide the shame of their racism!
Right? He could probably pass legislation that would send record numbers of blacks to prison while at the same time allowing non blacks to avoid jail for basically the same offenses, fight against desegregation, and his supporters would STILL claim he's the savior of the black people! What morons!
Yes, please as always excuse a dem politician who actively fought desegregation, and who took enormous pride in enacting the most horribly racial inequitable legislation this nation has seen since Jim Crow laws, but at the same time demonize the guy who finally got that racist crap repealed by falsely branding him as a racist - despite him not ever having been accused of racism until he became the Republican nominee for POTUS. Genius. Yes, let's all ignore stone cold irrefutable facts, and instead, adopt a made up nonsense story being peddled by the real party of the KKK, Jim Crow Laws, Segregation (I'm looking at you Joe Biden and Woodrow Wilson!). Fuck you and your made up bullshit - you nominate an asshole who enacted legislation that sent record numbers of blacks to prison for crimes that whites never even got tagged with criminal convictions for (powder v/ crack cocaine) who fought desegregation and school busing and who worked hand in glove with racist dem politicians to perpetuate systemic racism, you can own that. You are being flim flammed, bamboozled, and sold a bill of goods! What has the dem party done with 50 years of control over inner cities? All the top 20 high crime cities have all been under dem party control for decades, and they're all crime ridden shitholes. Trump fought like hell to end discrimination when he bought Mar a Lago, openly dated an African American woman for quite a long time, has worked hand in hand with Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton and many other leaders of the African American community, was the first POTUS candidate to support LGBTQ rights as a candidate (Hillary and Obama both opposed same sex marriage as candidates) and his economic policies led to the lowest unemployment rates for blacks, hispanics and women in history, he got sweeping criminal justice reforms passed (undoing the systemically racist legislation Biden had championed) and rescued historically black universities with Billions in funding and grants. Your horseshit slurs that somehow our President is racist are baseless nonsense. As is you wave of the hand excusing Biden's lifetime of actively oppressing black Americans and supporting segregation. Biden can not even complete a coherent sentence - he is senile and you should be ashamed your party views you as being such a stupid dolt that they can peddle any shit candidate they please and still count on your blind support.
So trying to obscure the unavoidable history of your party being racist and populated by an endless parade of virulent racists is the opposite of being racist? Why did it take 155 years to acknowledge their racism? Do you now concede that it is the dem party that fought against ending slavery, fought against civil rights legislation, fought against desegregation, filibustered the voting rights acts and civil rights acts of 1964, reimposed segregation in the armed forces and federal employment, screened 'Birth of a Nation' in the White House and (credit to Joe Biden here) enacted the single most horrifically oppressive legislation African Americans have suffered under since slavery that resulted in them being incarcerated at grossly disproprtionate rates as whites for essentially the same offenses? I'll tell you what these irrefutable facts should tell anyone with common sense - the dem party is selling you a bill of goods, they are treating you like fools - you are being flim flammed, hoodwinked!
No, I am referring to Joe Biden, who as a senator championed and wrote that legislation. As a senator fighting aggressively against desegregation, Joe Biden stated clearly that he opposed schools being desegregated because he did not want his children going to schools that were 'racial jungles'. Now if were were discussing the propensity to rape women, then a comparison of Biden and Clinton would be more appropriate, as both have been very credibly accused multiple times of abusing their positions of power to forcibly rape women.
So, scrapple and hot dogs then?
When you're made out of pork chops, ham and bacon, should your inevitable butchering really be a shock or surprise at all? I like my anamorphic foods to have happy expressions to ease my guilt.
Another way is to make pretend none of that is so and continue enjoying bacon and pork chops. The upside of my strategy is, I get to keep eating bacon and pork chops. All of the pigs I see on the signs for barbecue places are all happy, smiling, wearing overalls and playing banjos, just filled with delight to become delicious food. I'm sticking with that.
I've seen this at lots of barbecue places, with the different cuts of the pig marked and labeled. It's a common thing.
Feb. 1, 2020: President Donald Trump has taken tough steps to protect Americans from the spread of the coronavirus rampaging through China. In an order issued Friday, federal officials announced that as of 5 p.m. Sunday, “Foreign nationals other than immediate family of U.S. citizens and permanent residents who have traveled in China in the last 14 days will be denied entry into United States.” American citizens returning the U.S. from areas in China where they may have been exposed to the virus will be quarantined, while others coming from the rest of China will be screened for the virus.
Are you in agreement that Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi and pretty much everyone on CNN &amp; MSNBC will lie out their asses if they see any opportunity to try and demonize the President, even if they know full well their lies put people lives and health in dire risk?
Someone not agreeing with your point of view doesn't make them dumb and you smart. Or do you not understand that? From a strictly biological standpoint, you are built to be a meat eater.
Well, for someone with TDS, it's a conundrum to choose whether to be angry that orange man hasn't done anything to stop covid, or that what he did was racist. Poor guy was already struggling with the mental gymnastics required to brand a lifelong racist who spent over 40 years in government wielding his power to fight desegregation and send as many African Americans to prison as he possibly could as somehow being not a racist.
Wow, you really invested a lot of time to excuse Biden's 'one flaw' of being devoted to the cause of oppressing blacks and keeping them on the plantation throughout his entire multi decades long career in politics. Beyond that bullshit excuse for what is unmistakably an entire career as a virulent racist, I did not waste my time. That you would claim that after 40+ years speaking on camera that suddenly a US Senator being unable to recite a coherent version of the preamble to the constitution is somehow a stuttering problem is abject horseshst and you know it. Biden is completely senile, and 'stuttering' doesn't explain 86 days of hiding and refusing to give any public statements or make any public appearances whatsoever, despite the fact he's campaigning for this nation's highest office. You are deranged and delusional, and should be absolutely ashamed to promote a senile demented racist rapist to ascend to the presidency.
So then what's the Schumer / Pelosi story? Did they spring into action at the first signs of a crisis, or were they too busy screeching 'RACIST!' and circle jerking over a bullshit impeachment they knew would go nowhere? Nice try - but POTUS Trump did not cause the virus, and dems did nothing about it at any point, other than point fingers and try to make political hay out of it.
'Problematic in its execution'? Wow! For the past 2 decades African Americans any everyone with common sense and a conscience has screamed and complained at the blatantly disparate treatment of blacks v/ whites under Biden's horribly racist agenda to incarcerate blacks at staggering rates - but yeah, sure, that's just a little faux pas by your boy 'I don't want my children going to school in a racist jungle' Biden. No one capable of objective reasoning is buying any of your apologist bullshit about racist demented senile rapist Joe Biden (do we still 'believe all women / victims?). Tara Reade. Joe Biden forcibly and violently raped her. Why don't you go put some ice on that, Einstein Junior?
They're auditing Joe Biden's birth certificate? WOW! How long has it been since they let him speak in public - was it the 'hey fatso' fiasco, or the 'you ain't black' flub when they sent him back to his dungeon of solitude? Maybe this is like Andropov, when he died and the Soviets just claimed he was under the weather until they replaced him?
What federal response agency were you misinformed Trump disbanded? Because that story has been thoroughly debunked already. Congress has the sole and exclusive power under our constitution to tax and spend - crises require money to respond - so how do you excuse congress from responding? That's their job. They opted for political theatrics and impeachment hearings while Rome burned - they fiddled. What was Pelosi's crap about how people shouldn't be scared and need to go out to chinatown to the bars and restaurants, De Blasio saying the same thing about NYC, and Schumer insisting the travel ban was 'racist'?
"Wait, I remember someone saying 'if you don't know who you're voting for, you ain't black', and I'm not black, so we hold these truths to be self evident, that all men and women are uh, um, oh shit, I'll just have to 'eenie meenie minie moe' this one".
