Also Espada killers will be useful :)
Nah I think you mean a downgrade.
IS: Yes but no.
Yes, best girl is next.
White Ichigo is pretty good, least to me. Though I hear Soi Fon is a top tier character and so is Momo. Orihime is good for Senkaimon and Chronicle Quests. Lisa pretty good and has been bonus in ER a few times. Quincy Ichigo good for Senkaimon and a solid unit though his killer hinders him as well as his SA2 but honestly I still think he’s not bad. Yoruichi is alright never was hyped for her gameplay thought she had no range. Rest are too old to bother with. Definitely summon for this current Step Up you can pull some good units especially the individual banners which have some of Round 1 units from TYBW.
Yama looks dead inside.
But they can’t possibly mess up on FB Ichigo right?
Healers should be last imo.
He is GOAT.
Yeah it will be interesting at least. I’m really looking forward to what they do to units such as Heart Gin and Mind Ulquiorra.
Found out how to be useful. Jkjk
True.
Okay but seriously this man would make Claude win CYL easy.
It’s this month. Roughly two weeks prior to February 2nd. AKA FEH Anniversary.
Debilitator Ulquiorra and I actually might swap him for Nel.
That’s why I have them 10/10/10
He should be grateful he pulled something.
He’ll get his chance... someday.
Don’t feel too bad, I’ve been wasting medals since day one, I only bought the medal characters, and tons and tons of materials for characters. Frankly everything else is worthless in the PvP shop even the absurd amount you have to get for a measly 25 orbs. ER and Senkaimon medal exchange is such a step forward.
Wish people would use this megathread more often.
I want 3H damnit. But, Bryan made a convincing statement it might be a RD banner but honestly thinking it could be the Dawn Brigade makes me cringe. Such a forgettable cast, except the meme obviously.
I only want an all three houses CYL banner for the memes.
Eirika should have a good chance if enough GBA starters vote her in, and not vote for yet another Elibe character.
Inb4 Ferdinand von Aegir memes himself to the top.
Felix, Lysithea, and Bernadetta please.
I love the morally grey characters personally. Probably why I like her, Lelouch, Sasuke, etc.
Eirika is just far more interesting Brave than Lilina personally. Also lord status should help her out.
3H HYPE
Complete opposite for me every banner has been a sleep fest.
I’d be fine with this but who’s the free unit?
I mean legit that would be cool.
Ippei Dedue make it fucking happen!
If he demotes I might build him as my main archer.
April Fools reward.
IPPEI DEDUE!
I’m okay with a Ben Diskin banner.
Literally didn’t even try to make her different. 0/10. Voice sucks too.
Same. Zzzzz
Altenas is very sexy indeed, I just find it funny the rest were just plain BAD.
Not a fan of children I guess.
Shit banner AND a shit winner. Great time to uninstall /s.
Zzzzz.
No, cause then she won’t demote.
Shit banner and a shit winner what are the odds? *uninstalls*
That’s my life!
Yeah multiplier means nothing. Just for this loss I think I might vote Edelgard for CYL now.
I’m all for that.
New Year Banner? Kukaku, Ulquiorra, and Renji? I don’t know.
Anna should drop a lot in popularity and 3H should dominate the polls which is honestly fine by me though If I’m wrong I wouldn’t mind Eirika getting in over Anna.
Líf just to have him in the game honestly.
Playable avatar please.
This is why I always skip Forging Bonds.
No because I don’t wanna be spoiled.
You’re gonna get my hopes up high for Cacao Society Ulquiorra and I’m gonna go crazy.
Fury has no synergy with her refine though.
Cons: Low speed. QR3: Am I a joke to you?
Hmm? Oh she’s so forgettable I forgot bout her, my bad. Heck I forgot that banner existed. Zzzz must have been a snooze fest.
Going colorless for B! Camilla for a good unit, fodder and a merge though :)
They could also not do it altogether.
Ah okay I guess I’ve just haven’t had a Hogyoku or will drought then.
Will it? I mean there’s still timeskip designs especially for the students who seem to be the most popular.
TLA Byakuya Remake and a seasonal Ulquiorra.
I like that the Step Ups is starting to become a regular thing. But still an easy skip for yet another Ichigo.
I was hoping for anyone else but Ichigo. :(
Bleach Cowboy likes this post. *and me too*
Kenpachi usually is always meta except for WD Kenpachi.
Blazing rates are worse and can give you dog shit units on top of it. They guarantee a character but at the cost of so many stones. At least if you get a bad unit in BBS you get orbs or transcendence points. But mostly BBS just has better everything else.
Still easy skip. Good units but don’t care for the characters themselves. Kenny is a good link for one of my units but that’s bout it.
Is there going to be an EoM? I mean I would say yes but at the same time this new change in summoning...
If so it’s premium, Cacao Society or CFYOW most likely then. Quite honestly I’m only hyped for Hanataro’s brother. Shinji and Shuhei are cool but not my favorite characters. The rest of Zero Squad is another bunch I’m looking forward to especially the ladies. Cacao Society Rukia or Nelliel I’m all in for though.
This is truly a marvelous build.
Byakuya, Gin, Ulquiorra for guys. (Sometimes Tsukishima and Szayelaporro) 3K orbs for that Spirit Byakuya and still don’t have him, and 2k orbs and no WD Ulquiorra :( but I have every other version of them, and sad I didn’t get HW Gin but got the other two. Nelliel, Rangiku, Yoruichi, and Rukia. (Sometimes Halibel) 3K orbs on Swimsuit Nelliel and got her in a single on her return, HW Yoruichi I could have bought but I decided on Parasol Nelliel since she’s newer, and I have pretty much every Rangiku, Rukia, Nelliel, and Yoruichi except for her Halloween and Xmas one but honestly (it’s not that worth it)
Found Tonberry.
It still blows my mind that people don’t have Speed Halibel, she was a curse and have her 5/5 when she was featured so many times but her resurrection might be good if she gets frenzy.
+ Atk for damage cause he still has one of the lowest attacks in the game and most mages hit 50+ or more so he’s fine with an Atk boon. + Def for high special damage + Res for making him a tank
It’s possible.
Like an insta kick if your idle too long? I like that.
Enjoy nothing then.
I will enjoy those 20k transcendence points.
25% SAD, his resurrection should be coming this year, and best character I wouldn’t complain. Unit is bad though even as a biased Byakuya fan.
End of July
* End of July: Round 1 * Beginning August: Round 2
Bankai Ukitake please...
Yeah it can get confusing but swimsuits were the first seasonal since the games launch so it makes sense for them to start there.
With individuals that would never happen. Though yes stop using Ginjo so much for fucks sake.
Zihark and Lucia here.
I’m just glad the Chrom one is free, fuck the rest except Yashiro I guess.
Ah shit he looks mega cool now I’m actually kinda sad he’s not here.
Exact reference I was going for haha.
Are you kidding me? Drag Lost would have been worse. At least this is still Fire Emblem.
It is. Unfortunately. Well my orb stash for anniversary is looking good :) Oh wait... Líf is coming, nevermind. :(
Just someone I recognize please...
Why does she look so young though?
Intelleon would be better though.
I read this as Edelgard...
Considering how much the community hates FE I’m gonna say a FE character.
It’s gonna be the Corrin reveal all over again and I’m ready for the salt.
I’ll make him good no matter the cost.
Fallen Berkut and Brave Micaiah say hi.
Ew.
I rather listen to K-Pop than the shit people are into today.
At least you have Chrom to help out.
If you never played the game you tend to not care.
Kenpachi: Meh nothing special I think his NA string is horrible, his SA3 doesn’t look like FS but it’s close but it could just be the animation. Aizen: Nice, glasses Aizen sells it better and even with a bad SA1 it still looks better, visual-wise, NAD string is the best of the three easily and he does have guard break which is redundant on a SA character but overall love pretty much everything else. If his special is the best. Ichigo: Okay very underwhelming special I know it’s straight from the manga but nothing special, visually looks good and standard but that NA string is just okay. Aizen &gt; Ichigo &gt; Kenpachi
It’s always been red and black. It’s only been light blue for Shikai, red and black for Bankai, blue and black for Dangai, and pure black for Mugetsu. Heck I’m probably wrong on Dangai I don’t even remember him using any getsuga attacks just slashes.
Yay finally glasses Aizen.
I know that and I recognize Mobus fine it’s the other ones I don’t.
Okay but DLC fighter 6 is fine though.
Woke.
Got Aizen and Kenpachi on the first step back to back. Well I think I’m done.
He’s pretty good honestly i would go for individual if you don’t have too many of the fillers.
Same here!
Is this bait? Lmao
Also ya’ll can shut up about him being just a sword fighter he has a bow, lance, and axe now. But haters gonna hate 🤷🏻‍♂️
It’s Smash 4 all over again and I love it.
People seem to ignore this fact.
It is!
Hard to say I thought it was Sam Riegal but I think he’s another character that we don’t know yet, since he’s talking about the group.
Also it seems we still have two more characters yet to be revealed. Especially after someone talks to you about the Ashen Wolves and hoping you take them under your wing.
What about English? I only heard Sam Riegel for the mystery character. Dunno who for the rest.
Haters gonna hate, move along.
She’s a red cavalier mage no doubt. Lots of black magic.
Heard that Valkyrie and Dark Flier classes give magic spells but it could be wrong now that was such a long time ago from a datamine. So much yes for Edelgard wielding magic.
It’s Hilda.
Tanky boy Also yay, Linhardt and Kliff VA.
Tech easily
HAIL THE EMPEROR
Indeed BBS is by far one of the best mobile games I have ever played, it was nice that Bleach got such a big success by this mobile game alone, it’s success has got us this far into TYBW and CFYOW content and all of Kubos designs to enjoy. Bleach has been a favorite of mine for awhile and BBS alone made it no. 1! Thanks for Klab for developing this game and thanks to Kubo for creating so many amazing and relatable characters in this series. Still looking forward to what’s to come with hopefully things that surprise me.
A new path to tread.
Yeah they are in smash though so we can’t completely rule them out.
Reinhardt meme is dead but I could be wrong.
It’s just the first banner but timeskip lol. If IS wont give us a 3H banner, we’ll make one ourselves!
Just a matter of opinion but his Legendary already does him justice. Not to mention his Xmas alt can easily hurt him.
Would be funny if he at least got in the Top 10, I wouldn’t go any further with him cause I genuinely would be happy if 3H lords won and the last spot for any popular female honestly.
Not likely, Claude and Dimitri are too popular.
Indeed
Lowkey they kinda deserve it. NoT AnOtHeR mArTh cLoNe OmG!!!! When Byleth is legit as cool as Robin’s addition.
That hairstyle has got me like ❤️
Michael Sinterniklaas is one of the voices, though I don’t think he’s any of the playable characters by how his dialogue is. I’m not sure for the rest though it’s hard to say.
Very thicc Bernie been secretly eating too much cake Which I’m fine with 👌 More to love ❤️
Was my first Fire Emblem too friend, it got me into the series and I’m thankful for it.
Same here such good designs!
KILL EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM!
Free DC I’ll take it.
Eirika or Lilina most likely.
Lysithea will get in the game don’t waste your vote for that sole reason (Just look at Jill) unless she’s your absolute favorite character I guess.
Yeah this is rather annoying, now I can only instant highlight now and that’s frustrating...
Mythic and he has to be.
No I agree, any 3H representation is good in my book.
Big mood but with Spirit Byakuya. Those fillers make me feel better though.
Traaaash
Honestly they are all so good thanks to Havoc, it’s a ridiculous buff to already OP units. I already have Rangiku and Kaien unfortunately so Byakuya will have to evade me once more...
He takes a knee I thought.
Last seasonal Rukia we got was New Years, so she’s due for one soon and Cacao Society Rukia makes most sense considering Byakuya was there last year now. Rangiku got a Spirit Society unit however in the past she hasn’t had a seasonal since the first Halloween banner, so I think them adding more Rangiku would be nice, also Gin was a unit last year and she just needs more units in general. Retsu just cause last seasonal was Xmas of last year, and eventually I can see them adding all the captains for the CS universe. And just cause her name starts with R.
It has been decided. Voting Lorenz Hellman Gloucester Join me fellow nobles!!!
LORENZ HELLMAN GLOUCESTER! Vote now!
Vote for Lorenz.
Oliver 2.0. Oh wait...
Sorry I should have said I’m on iOS unfortunately I’m dropping this game if they make rerolling this difficult.
You cannot it keeps your data and you basically only reinstall the game files, it’s handy if you decided to quit a bit and come back all you would have to do is redownload the game and it’s game files. But alas they only way to reroll is by another device, and can only reroll every 24 hours.
The second panel is my favorite.
Not really, I would find it absolutely hilarious as many have thought Veronica or Anna winning would be funny. (It’s not) Though Eirika getting second I’m totally fine with.
Gatekeeper Byleth? Nice
I’m okay with it. But definitely makes choosing harder.
*Laughs in +10 Chrom*
Not sure how I feel bout this, but 50 orbs for a multi is too good and I’m glad they brought it back. All the discounted multis are also the bad rates so that’s another thing to consider, but I think it going to 8% on the guaranteed 5* is also good gives a better chance for 2 in ones.
That’s already a terrible banner if fillers are involved.
Ah, I see you are someone of culture.
Anniversary Ichigo lmao.
I mean Anniversary Ichigo is not a good filler. Maybe when he gets resurrection and a better soul trait then yeah he’s great, but right now he’s nothing.
I wasn’t going to summon at all on the Ichigo banner either but I watched Cowboys livestream and I was like... it’s only 150 orbs. Might as well right? Best 150 orbs I spent I got the Aizen and Kenpachi back to back I couldn’t believe it. Honestly I would have never summoned on it if it was regular 250 so I can thank Klab for that I guess.
Loki will always be a wannabe Camilla.
Gorgeous!
I absolutely love Camilla but if Plumeria or Loki won I’d be extremely pissed. Shocker, I know right?
I can feel a FE4 remake coming
Lorenz agrees.
I can’t wait to see Mangs reaction to seeing Bernie and Ashe this high...
I’ll join you next year gotta get my boys Chrom and Robin their braves...
Disrespect to my man Lorenz, he’s more of a magical unit thank you.
She had no chance thanks to her finally getting an alt.
FE4 remake please.
And Lorenz :(
Tellius remake though? At the very least maybe FE6 or 7 remake.
Best timeline except that stupid OC in second. So I’m glad 3H exists.
Ikr fucking wankers.
I’ll vote him next year I promise
Failnaught though... but I suppose if they do his legendary first he’d get the sword with his Barbarossa class. Edelgard also has Sword of Seiros.
Or just a made up weapon so stop taking Lorenz’s relic.
~~TALK~~ VOTE to EDELGARD
Not this shit again.
Thanks
The lack of Lorenz pains me.
*sad Lorenz sounds*
I kinda do myself unless it’s Thunderbrand Lysithea, but at least she’s from 3H, I don’t like to think about CYL2, those were sad times.
Agreed. Let’s all vote for Edelgard.
Aside from her I’m not a child trope, she gets way better in timeskip thankfully.
Bernadetta x Dorothea gives a reason why she’s an introvert. Byleth x Bernadetta gives why she’s timid and thinks everyone wants to hurt her. People clearly don’t read supports. I can get past Lysithea’s child complex and still see that she isn’t just that especially after timeskip.
Don’t get comfortable Edelgard is the main target now, vote for Edelgard! Edelgang rise!!!
Adult Tiki would be nice for once, I’m sick of Child Tiki.
Haunt Lysithea too.
Robin is the best! But damn Byleth might be my new main if he’s extremely fun, and he has an op bow that’s gonna be so fun to use.
Hello!
People just want pantsless Marth it’s funny but it’s true the sword unit most of the time is underwhelming.
Kinda makes it not predetermined which I like.
They aren’t the same, it’s not a cop out answer it’s the fucking truth, stop saying this bullshit and justify why Anna would have won lol. Also Anna got her alt so I thought people would just shut up this year.
Exactly! I swear nobody fucking gets this.
That is a funny way to say Lorenz.
I want another OG Ulquiorra
They always will split her vote so get used to it.
Chrom hasn’t had an alt for quite some time though and he’s yet to have the Exhalted Falchion mind you. I think at the very least I’d be happy for a L! Chrom or Brave Chrom at the very least in the next coming year.
This is the one alt I wanna see, haters gonna hate. But we already this deep afterall.
Popular opinion: We already this deep in for lords might as well give every lord a Brave.
Why do you think I’m voting Edelgard?
Am I the only one that finds Nel’s normal string trash? At least her strong attacks are good.
This is true. Conquest was still a fun game despite its horrible story.
I meant antagonists.
I can save orbs if this is true, I prefer waifus. Then if it’s characters I don’t care about I can save even more for WD.
Marth and Chrom next CYL I’m down.
Rangiku’s last seasonal before Spirit Society was the very first Halloween banner, granted it was split into two but that’s a long ass time ago. Then you got Rangiku’s canon version wasn’t for almost two years. I think Cacao Society Rangiku is fair honestly.
I’m certain too, Byakuya was in last year, and I have a sinking hope and desire Ulquiorra is added for the male side and so that’s why I’m all in if Orihime/Nelliel makes it in.
Yuri looks like Purple Byleth and I’m so happy for it.
*cough* ahem.
YES!
I still think it’s F! Byleth regardless. Or maybe Hubert.
Maybe I can pull this instead of Mugetsu... sigh.
Edelgard, Bernadetta (Lysithea is okay just long as Edelgard is there) Dimitri, Claude (I’d be okay with Chrom or Marth though) but I know a 3H sweep would just be hilarious honestly. (And I know Claude fans would be extremely salty if he lost over a Pantsless Marth alt)
Much better this artist draws too much lolis for my taste.
Results got leaked last year if I recall.
Chrom could get in easily.
I will the characters are trash character wise anyways. Retsu is nice but not worth it.
Only good thing of this banner tbh.
Indeed, I can’t wait till his glorious presence graces FEH.
Eyyyy!
I guess I’m just optimistic in that regard.
Yeah fuck this banner.
Ulquiorra for next Machine Society banner, or at least maybe OG remake I just want more Ulquiorra units...
No Dedue I’m sad.
Byakuya and Gin exist.
Wow this is gonna be easy.
This should be fun https://imgur.com/gallery/e1Y0Vcx
It’s not thank you for your support
Savior Dimitri will be Brave if his other versions are Legendary or Fallen alt.
Isn’t Micaiah’s straight up her promotion?
Honestly she’ll get the Camilla treatment seeing her rank this high and everyone will vote against her. So Anna will probably win
Veronica exists too.
IS cancelled Farfetched not me. I’m okay with Levin Sword Anna alt but not for CYL, sorry.
If this is like an alternative area from Cacao Society maybe but I think mid month might actually be CFYOW.
I’m aware there are people that genuinely like her and I’m not saying that’s her sole reason for being there but more of a majority, think back last year the reason she placed so high was because enough people were rallying her because IS treats her unfairly and never gave her an alt. That’s the reason I don’t want her to win, I want her to win because people actually like her not for pity votes or justified meme votes just cause it would be funny to see her get a Brave unit. I can even say the same for Marth honestly but I can say I think more people actually like Marth (considering his placing) Every reason why I hated Veronica’s addition to the game. (Not just cause Camilla didn’t win that year) Now you have Lysithea and Bernadetta there for people who genuinely like the character and that is absolutely justified and fine with me for a Brave even though I don’t particularly like units who aren’t in FEH to get a special hero version before they are even in the game or will eventually be added, hence Veronica as another prime example. But since they are clearly popular then I guess there really is no point to argue. I just don’t believe Anna is THAT popular for likability alone, that’s why I say she has those reasons I listed in her favor and hence why she has placed this year.
He is a noble and has great hair.
Flair checks out
*gasp*
YES it is TIME!!!!!!!!!
Best TIMELINE!!! Finally my shafted butler got his refine!
Feb 1st or earlier most likely.
Hilda’s to me kinda references the first mock battle, because she creates a tree (which is why they chose Villager I think) that is supposed to be a thicket or forest which is why Claude is there because they both hide in the thicket in the first mock battle.
Man of culture and this anime was amazing!!!!!
Story story!
Glad my main team is a tactics team.
Lots of people say he sounds like Joe Zieja but I mean would be weird but not impossible.
It’s Chrom and Robin year, sorry Marth.
It can’t be the third, the 2nd is the anniversary. It’s tonight or tomorrow night without fail. There was a surprise FEH channel last time without any announcement last year.
People are, but I don’t care she’s always the female Sasuke of FE to me. Very hated yet, very popular regardless.
He at least made it in the Top 100 I believe only a few away from Lorenz.
Another trash week for a trash mode.
Whatever. At least some of the units this time don’t all have fucking FS SAs that activate instantly with no cooldown.
No wonder this game sucks.
Save and wait my friend.
Embla Camilla!!!!!!!!! Please!
I managed to somehow. Bambietta was stronger.
Fully awakened as in 5 star equipment? Nevermind it’s just 3 star, but I mean that’s still decent but not for that price.
Genji ult is probably one of the hardest things in the game to pull off, you need massive support. I think that takes major skill. Unlike a button press.
Yeah cause healers are supposed to kill flanks.
Hello!
Junk rat is pretty easy too but I will give him credit with trap and mine placements.
Needs support unfortunately. Nano blade will give you best killing potential. But killing squishies is what you want mostly. Use dashes to get to the next target after each kill it takes a lot of time to practice but you’ll get better.
I killed an Ana, McCree, and there was still a Zen, Reinhardt and Orisa on point, and I swear to god I swung at Zen like three times and yet I killed the Orisa instead. What the fuck?
Exactly.
Skipping specials might help.
Anniversary tends to change patterns. Granted we didn’t have CFYOW before so you could be right. CFYOW would literally have to blow my mind though, and SP Tokinada, Aura, and Bankai Shuhei would be the best banner to do that. (If Burn the Witch ends up anniversary though I’d lose it all on Noel) But BtW sounds more like a November thing.
I’m aware of that, I just mean DPS isn’t your main target. Like obviously deal damage to low enemies to pick em off but don’t go off and try to solo em is what I’m saying. Plus Moira shouldn’t be able to pick off flanks like that so I’m glad she got nerfed also punishes DPS only Moira’s.
And hotter.
That sounds like trash.
That’s what I’m thinking.
I mean Ginrei happened so... anything’s possible.
Blue is good, but not fodder wise except for Chrom in Close Counter.
It might work. Then we’d have a DR/Lifesteal debate but I still think DR might win out until we get more of this trait.
Can’t steal HP if your already dead. XD
It’s called Lifesteal in some games, it sounds better than a Pokemon term.
GQ could be interesting cause you’re going to take damage anyways if you don’t have freeze/stun lock characters. If you go full Senkaizen that extra 60% damage could be the difference if you could heal back up yourself.
Ah right that’s a pretty good skill.
Yeah that’s what I’m saying I’m more inclined for Robin but anything’s possible.
I want someone who’s not Ichigo.
Gremmy should kinda be OP ngl. He’s like better Yukio.
As Nodt
Yeah flurry as canonical it is, would be a big waste with good SAs like that. Not to mention his freaking special I think they could get rid of bombardment over Frenzy or be crazy (and fair) to give him both since we’ve waited this long.
Red Demon Meliodas is also a worse Blue Demon Meliodas and a CS unit you can get at any time. Green Lilia is just okay. Just an outfit swap. Blue is just miles better. Valenty is just a bad Red King, she has to be deployed to be useful whereas King just has to be in the sub.
This why I hate POTG, and wish they could just add an option to skip it like kill cam. Then I’ll never know who got POTG and can go on with my day. Now if you did get POTG yourself just let it show in your highlights obviously. Whether good or bad.
I’ll say it again. Trash week for a trash mode Nothing new.
Nah just another trash mobile game to get your money just like most of the rest. The only successful one I stuck with was Grand Cross.
Damn how come Klab lets you get two FB Ichigos? ~~it’s fine I’ll have him soon enough in just a few months~~
When BBS gives us 150 orbs every week of PvP then we’ll talk.
Please no. I won’t use her if she’s NAD.
Red king doesn’t have to be deployed unlike Valenty. He can just be a sub she however has to be in the fight to be useful.
They censored the story mode version, not to be a downer but why wouldn’t they just use that version?
Is red Merlin worth maxing with dupes? Just pulled two of her.
I hate PvP. I think I’ll save them for green and Gowther, though I’m trying to max Gowther first.
I think weekly rewards should be revamped, sorry Klab one frenzy ticket doesn’t count for a 5* ticket. We should get a 5* ticket every month, most games give us some sort of 5* from logging in everyday and BBS... while the orbs are decent they don’t give anything substantial like potions or scrolls. While the droplets were nice I can easily farm those if I need to. Potions and scrolls? I can but it’s tedious.
Yes monthly I meant, my bad.
Who wouldn’t?
Also Gin and Mind Ulquiorra.
Kingbram is definitely went PvP went down, Gowther and Galland was bad but at least Galland can be dealt with just don’t use rank up until he’s dead. I did learn that the hard way unfortunately but fuck Kingbram teams.
For real though.
Yes. When CS Escanor and Mono red teams shit on Valenty teams.
They better give her that ab game though.
She boosts speed units attack stats by 10%
Guaranteed at 10th step save your gems now.
Why is it so fucking hard to give units Frenzy? Do they just not care? I mean come on if this what next level characters are then I don’t see the fucking point anymore. The links are pretty cool aside from Rukia. Yuck.
I just wanted Frenzy on Rukia...
I swear they always shaft Rukia/Byakuya. Thankfully the newer units have been muuuuch better.
She’s gonna be in part 1 SSR tickets and featured later in banners. She’s not going anywhere.
You might be right but that’s what I’ve heard, she could be coin shop too because that’s what it says on the banner.
Jamber is a bbs youtuber. She’s known for loving Aizen.
I’m still holding out that it’s Burn the Witch characters as a dual unit. Though Aizen, Rukia, or a dual unit of Ulquiorra/Ichigo or Aizen/Ichigo would be a possibility.
Indeed it is.
Seriously as someone who collects Merlin I want all three on a team...
Sate sate sate
I’m thinking B! Lilia, B! LizHawk, B! King, and B! Jericho.
Smash it
Cute
What if I don’t have escanor?
Okay well that was solved. My Gowther is my best unit.
I see I’m not the only one that makes her wear that outfit... 👌
I’m sure Meliodas has something to do with that.
Ah shit... here we go again
God I wish there was a bottomless pic of this.
I play Jericho with her initial outfit because she’s a great nuke... I promise.
Because I want to see tits and ass on my pixel game.
Please no.
Lol the art. XD
Me until I pulled him on this Merlin banner.
Rip anyone trying to get last two years Parasol units...
Remake the Zanpakutō while they are at it.
Petra alt, come on she loves the ocean.
She looks really good with short hair... I don’t blame you.
Hopefully the balance changes fix this stupid mode.
+8 at the moment. She’s still amazing!
Gowther or King would love this.
Definitely Hilda, and Bernie or Marianne.
That’s awesome you don’t have to have them deployed now I can just farm in peace.
Wow these are extremely underwhelming.
That’s rich coming from a Tellius unit when we’ve had nothing but Tellius alts. She isn’t even the main unit so she doesn’t count.
I don’t even count it, this is just Marth... that’s not my Lucina.
This is the fattest skip if I ever saw it.
I guess I should be glad, if Lucina was just the back line for Mia I would have thrown my phone harder. Fuck Tellius man.
I’m sick of Tellius.
I can admit Mia is kinda cute but my god is she a boring character.
I hoped we wouldn’t get Tellius period.
Camilla better be main unit, Loki will always be secondary compared to her.
That’s just Marth.
Hmm well it’s close.
Red teams will shit on her.
Nice
If you care for guild quest, max out a speed character first.
Was not expecting those kinda poses with Mia and “Marth” of all people.
Why wait? She’s a 4* focus.
When does Gowther’s UR gear come out? I’m patiently waiting but any JP players know?
Fairy tail would be interesting. But Black Clover would be pretty epic too.
Blue or Green I guess. I still want Summer Tiki.
I think I wanna go Blue or Green, but I’m leaning towards green because units I wouldn’t mind, great/decent fodder and skills and Summer Tiki. Green &gt; Blue &gt; Red &gt; Colorless.
Wait so this is after the 10th step wth?
Ok I should get to 15th step no problem.
Don’t, Lilia is mostly support The only support ults you should 6/6 is Gowther and Blue King
This would be amazing. Though Lucina in the back would be a huge blow to Lucina fans, myself included.
All purple units are best units.
Both
I like the way you think.
This needs more upvotes.
This looks very interesting despite it being “P2W” or whatever. I mean 23 bucks to get a non shit monthly log in bonus? I’m down.
Got that dummy cake
Yeah it looking like Riruka/Nelliel/Nemu are getting resurrected then.
So can I get missanga with recycling now?
Which difficulty?
I think you can get away with BDM only if you have Blue Lillia. But yeah Escanor is a no.
Exactly why I use him.
Maybe this time we’ll get parasol fillers.
What are the resources?
That’s why I don’t play this trash.
Imagine if Rukia had tits like that... ❤️
Well I see a fan of red/pink here.
This is what I’m doing.
GHB Cornelia please.
Noooooooooooo you can’t just defeat my 98 attack unit with shitty defenses!
Oh.
Cool!
Exactly why Chrom and Robin work well with this. Bonds also give them strength.
I heard CS Estarossa and Escanor are good too no?
Not a person of culture clearly. Always gotta summon for the Deireri.
God seeing this art hurts my soul.
Ugh I know. Sad reality but Klab will just be missing me until they release Swimsuit Ulquiorra.
Literally those three would be a banner. And I would love nothing more to summon on that. Unless they’re garbage.
I’m sure she was going to but my god they scraped them and I’m kinda sad.
Don’t remember wins but I know I’ve lost like 8 or 10 matches.
Male Robin. It’s time... to tip the scales!
Definitely not before Camilla that’s for sure.
Me but with Escanor.
Don’t have one. Transcended at least. Closest is TYBW Byakuya and Anniversary Ulquiorra. 3/5 all 10 slots. Followed by 2/5 Mugetsu. all 10 slots.
Camilla lookalike is added into FE Echoes remake. /s
I’m curious to see what kinda 3H alts they’d do for it.
I too want his original look because it’s just so badass. You should have time to decide after the next Legendary drops in August. Whether you wanna go for CYL or Legendary.
I’m actually indifferent to both styles, I tend to go for ponytail cause it matches better with most of the DLC outfits. Pre-Timeskip was the best fight me.
I just wanted the path with Hubert and waifu Dorothea honestly and I love every single BE, so I went with Edie’s gang unfortunately I didn’t get to experience it first hand cause I didn’t know that I had to talk to her before the route split so my first playthrough was Silver Snow and I’ll never forgive myself cause Hubert was the main reason I stuck with BE.... But slowly I grew to love Edelgard. Despite her controversy.
Only reason I keep Byleth the Enlightened One or just flat out make him a mage, just so he can use both.
Anniversary Byakuya potentially? Rip orbs.
This is why I think it’s Rukia.
Someone’s spreading fake news then, cause some are pretty set on it being two characters. I originally thought it was just one but now I’m not sure anymore lol.
Well even if it is Rukia we don’t know how she’ll look yet. It would be really cool if she was in her Bankai form or maybe like some people would like to see is hollowfied Soul Reapers. That at very least would be pretty original but yeah Ulquiorra was so badass. My favorite anniversary.
I’m glad the red one is in coin shop I like her art better, so I will happily skip this banner.
You shouldn’t spend any for the anniversary usually, you want to save for Round 2 because the anniversary character can be pulled at anytime. Though that’s entirely up to you it’s worth it if you don’t have any of the fillers too cause you make orbs back from them, but dip if you get the anniversary character.
3H Summer confirmed?
Rukia is one of the most popular characters in Japan and Ulquiorra got an anniversary character before, I know it’s your opinion but I don’t think you should underestimate them.
I want after-fight Byakuya, with him bandaged with his hair down. (Ichigo vs Byakuya) Or Hollow Byakuya.
I’m biased towards any Ulquiorra.
Idk how that would work, if anything just make them mind or speed and give them power/heart potions +5 instead. But I know one if the swimsuits is mind or speed.
There is supposed to be a trailer that gives a better hint tomorrow. This is just a teaser.
I hope they both SP units or just an SP unit if tag team. Just don’t make another FH Ichigo mistake.
Fair point though I think Ulquiorra has a chance if Ichigo is with him.
Yeah I know in other video games there was a tag team ultimate with SE Ulquiorra and FH Ichigo. Though another FH might be a sleeper for me, I’d like to maybe see something crazy like SE Ulquiorra and 2nd Anniversary Ichigo together. (Basically a collab of the 2nd anniversary round 1 and 2 for JPN.) Though I think Ulquiorra and Aizen have a high chance since they released FH Ichigo who fought Ulquiorra, and Mugetsu who fought Aizen.
This is cool! But I’m still waiting for Camilla’s resplendent...
I already bought the pass But if I didn’t Camilla would be the one to break me.
That just means more FE characters.
I turned em off I don’t want a low chance for orbs sorry.
They won’t stop at the five attributes, look at No Affilation killer. They will milk this pot skill forever. Which is fine just means more units (and better units) will get it. I’m looking at you Riruka and Kenpotrashi.
Got Riruka and Kenpotchi. Feeling is mutual I almost strictly want at least one unit that can clear because 4 of these units is a chore that I don’t care for the extra pots and just auto it.
I would love a Shinigami Ulquiorra personally but that’s interesting.
Thx
Yeah no problem, just have fun with it. That’s what I’m doing atm. I don’t have transcended units except for maybe three-four I’m really working on but I need dupes in order to make them worth it. It’s been working for almost five years. Maybe even save for anniversary, maybe they will release a character you’re after :)
Also we kinda have a list of characters this time. So Hikone is out.
Swimsuits baby.
Outdated but he’s still playable and a fantastic link for PvP, he has Frenzy and a vortex too. His resurrection isn’t too far off too, so he’ll be a great link or potentially a decent unit afterwards.
He even had an orisa shield at last second I can’t believe he didn’t see or hear him.
Mommy’s here
Ironically pot characters besides Rukia make IZ slower. Unless you got 3 and a clear unit then that’s different. But I know what you mean I just think it’s funny.
They miiiight not have Makoto, Retsu, Shūsuke though so keep that in mind, but more than likely Ginzuru and Toshiro will be in, if not in the anniversary fillers. And the seasonals might end on Desert Society (since no Parasols) then you can try and nab that Rukia if you don’t have her.
* 5* ticket login * Choose a five/six star ticket(s) (since we got those for COVID-19) * Orbs for logging in * Free Daily Multis (First and Last Step 5* guaranteed.) Might be premium or seasonal (I’m thinking seasonal cause that was last Global anniversary) * Bait Banner alongside anniversary (don’t summon ever) * Free multi and single, then discounted steps afterwards up to hopefully 8-10% (Rewards might be a random/rainbow special move source) * Round 2 is likely TYBW 10 and more than likely more Sternritters.
I would trade my Ichigo for Rukia in a heartbeat, plus I just want an actually good unit for farming IZ... I’m looking at you Riruka and Kenpachi...
Maybe for Round 2 since we don’t know what the list will be. But not Round 1 sorry.
They will get different variants, what I was saying is you’re mistaken if you think they won’t be Timeskip, you know the TS versions won CYL? Why would they do the past timeskip it makes no sense.
Great link and a pretty decent unit he seems fun to transcend.
Only difference is Rohan ended up being one of my favorite characters. Mayuri not so much.
I’m still saying it’s M! Robin. Also please no I want the damn trailer now.... Wait a minute.... You know what character they did this for? Legendary F! Robin... No way it can’t be coincidence.
Haven’t we been getting them early recently?
What a sleeper. My orbs are safe. Watch her be in a string bikini and spend on her anyways. EDIT: Too late that individual of hers is too much.
In due time he’s coming... But I’m happy for Grim fans :)
Gotta see that Halibel art before I decide. But holy hell her individual is too good to pass up. I’ll know the anniversary character before I decide too so GG Klab.
I’m surprised she’s not the potion character too. They would have got everyone suckered into her.
Riruka has two VD units if you count Cacao/Machine as one.
Hime is the biggest offender because she literally was back to back swimsuit.
Not in game yet unfortunately.
I just finished my first SSR set but my god I want to give it to Gowther who is my favorite character in the series/game. But Lilia is tempting...
Damn I haven’t hit that 40k yet but I’m 39k.
Going for attack/defense set?
I hope they implemented that update where you don’t have to deploy bonus characters. That roster is... not desirable.
Gowther is underrated, and glad we see eye to eye. :)
Hopefully next 3H banner. I’m waiting for Lorenz personally. Felix is my second most wanted unit though.
That skirt is ruining my view.
Honestly she’s going to be armor and I’ve accepted that fact at least I have a reason to take off Armored Boots of B! Ephraim who is collecting dust.
Excuse me? I hope Robin is next and you can eat your words.
Vote for in CYL
She steals her father’s axe from his corpse too.
You’ll get there! Just need a lot of gold, stones, and awakening materials.
I’m still waiting for Gowther to be added to engraved. But Lilia is very tempting honestly to give UR gear though I don’t play much into PvP.
So Duma, Grima, Bramimond?
New Senkaimon is coming so more than likely (if they decide to do it after/during anniversary) they will have the 5th anniversary character(s) in the pool alongside new additions from the old pool. You can pull them from Premium, Brave Souls, 4/5* tickets, 5 and 6 star tickets. They will also be featured a lot so watch for banners.
It should be the 28th from what I gather.
Well I know that they already confirmed the 4th anniversary tower is coming back and that takes place of Senkaimon. 5th tower will be around end of July or early August. Then the new Senkaimon should be after anniversary.
Thanks I wouldn’t mind a new unit with it too.
You say Edelgard has been a while that’s why I’m still saying it’s Robin. Chrom was back in February. I’m fine with Claude but my orbs want Robin.
Legendary Camilla should happen before TMS gets any legendary status. Sorry.
M! Robin
Honestly with how many premium banners we got they should but I know Round 2 of anniversary might put in TYBW/CFYOW fillers. (But most likely just one of each if anything) 4th anniversary Round 2 was the first banner to have limited units as fillers. Round 1 TYBW was merged with Round 5 units which was crazy and (I wish I hadn’t spent so damn much on a Mugetsu) cause I could have got more Byakuya dupes and or new TYBW characters.
Ah my first 6* at least he finally got Frenzy. Need a remake of this BAMF ASAP!
Julia has a legendary. Or are you talking bout someone else?
L! Camilla should be a red bow to finish the Too Many Damn Alts Trio.
Damn was hoping for Robin. Oh well my orbs are safe again.
Now we just need Ignatz
His chances at CYL have diminished now, but Sigurd might be pushed up now.
Grima. She’s trash too.
No Male is more popular, female already lost her chance so she doesn’t get one unless she wins CYL by a miracle. Levin Sword M! Robin, first ranged melee in the game. If it’s not Legendary then all my votes for CYL are for him.
God I want Chrom or Robin to win so bad. But I think I might join up with Robin Gang. To give him his grandmaster alt.
I mean the better Gen 2 units. Besides the dragons anyways.
Ah yeah my SSR one is 1/6. But I do have Blue Guila 6/6.
Oh wow.
This is who I’m using. I think I need to max out her SP slot though to clear it more efficiently.
Fake news
Mono red is coming bois.
Much obliged
Where is this? I don’t believe this shit.
How come he’s in chapter 982 though?
Thank you someone actually helping.
I know him but clearly he’s trolling when he made a video that Bakugo dies so I knew I had to do some research cause that’s some bs.
