It was cooling until it got debunked, then warning until it got debunked, so now it’s “change” which is more challenging to debunk. It’s a money grab for investors in “green” business. If it was a real threat, Al Gore wouldn’t live in a mansion on the coast.
For the past 50+ years, every year someone says the world will melt, cool, be destroyed within 10 years. They are never right. It is no different than the doomsday lunatics. Who is nuts? The guy who wants evidence, or the guy who blindly believes the world is coming to an end (over and over and over again). FYI - I do believe the climate is changing, but that a tiny chunk of that is manmade, and that there is no concrete evidence that it is an immediate concern, nor does it have a definable timeline.
What are the adverse affects to weather patterns and ecosystems?
I agree no respected scientists can prove there is a danger that we can alleviate by reducing manmade influence.
Yes, what she doesn't understand is that we are not calling her a shithole, we are calling her country a shithole, which she has proven by seeking America over the opportunities in her shithole country
Yeah. Bye Felicia
Again, I’m not denying the climate is changing (in a potentially adverse way). I am arguing that manmade influence is a tiny fraction of the cause. There is also money to be made on pushing climate change, just as much as money to be made from lobbyists denying it. It’s muddy waters, and there’s no definitive truth about how much fossil fuels, and human behavior, are to blame vs the natural evolution of the atmosphere
They’re the worst. They do nothing, make $174k/yr, and have the gall to fight for a raise
She looks like an old man with purple hair
Seriously. Or buy a helicopter. What are these people’s problem? So annoying
This is a reminder to get out and bash the fash today. We must resist. Capitalism has failed. I am done with crying everyday - this must stop now! Why do the Republicans think it is ok to literally kill liberals? AOC and Tlaib must impeach. Believe all women. One love.
AOC and Tlaib were on the Morning Joe this morning talking about exactly this. Their staffers are putting together an impeachment proposal on the grounds of inviting collusion with foreign adversaries. Supposedly, Pelosi is ready to approve and move forward with the impeachment proceedings as early as this coming Monday. We’re getting close, folks
Or he’s saying this so the left loses their shit about oppo research from a foreign entity. You know, like how Hillary and the DNC paid Christopher Steele for his fake dossier. You are a hypocrite.
Why do you lunatics think this is an impeachable offense? Are we convicting on thought crimes and the probability of committing a future crime?
Amen. Celebrity worship is a major issue
Cops are usually based, it's just the liberal mayors that neuter them and allow the literal shitshow to go on
Sure, between two adults
I agree. We must reward those with the most debt. Working hard and sacrificing other expenses to pay off loans quickly is a sign of the White male patriarchy. Resist, Impeach. Believe all women.
Perhaps don’t take out a loan that cannot be paid back with your desired line of work?
Everybody loves raymond noodles
You can get a degree from a community college or an affordable in-state university. You can work while in college and/or have a summer job while teaching.
You need to understand the risks associated with taking out a loan to pay for college. Going to college is a financial risk.
Serious question: what rights do gay people not have?
Yeah not here to debate, just trying to be informed
Thanks
Ok figured you made it up. Thanks
I can’t google it because I don’t know what school you went to. I’m not arguing tuition hasn’t risen exponentially over the years - I’m challenging your claim that tuition doubled while you were in the program, which is likely false.
Truth. And the western idle activists simultaneously support Islam, for fear of being labeled a racist/islamophobe for calling out their treatment of women and LGBT
I haven't done or said anything bigoted. You're just fantasizing so that you think you're defeating some internet villain. Have a good one. Cheer up.
You realize it is possible to be conservative and not be racist, homophobic, etc, right? And how is Trump anti-gay? I really only care about low taxes and a strong border, but go ahead and paint me in whatever light makes you feel better.
You're very wrong about the conservative/Trump base, but I'll agree to disagree. Have a great weekend
Exactly. First they colluded with UK/Russia to get the dossier created, then abused the FISA court to obtain fraudulent warrants, then they spied on their political opponents. This war against fair and free elections must stop!
Thanks
What is your definition of “concentration camp”? And how long has the policy of immigration detention existed at the US/Mexico border?
Yeah lots of shitheads out there
Would you feel comfortable wearing a gay pride shirt in an Islamic state under Sharia law?
This is a conversation about gay rights. What % of Palestinians do you think support LGBT?
I see your point. I may be misinformed, but I am under the impression that practicing Muslims are adhering to Sharia.
But somehow implying that she didn't choose to let him nut inside her
Sadly, kids will just take out the necessary loan to cover it
So you're less excited?
That is absolutely fake. There are no ex-conservatives, there are no ex-Trump supporters.
Seriously. That blumpft is such a dummy
2008-2016: No one said a thing about the camps because criticizing Obama is racist
Yeah same. I am looking for a candidate that will wipe my debt clean, but I'll take anyone as long as they abolish ICE
I thought you were fucking around, but it's actually true
I completely agree. What I can't understand is the neverending line to come into these camps. Makes no sense. Can't we help by spreading the word to potential immigrants that Trump is trying to hurt them?
Just continue to resist and believe all women, brother. We must harass. We must impeach.
Obviously these are black white supremacists
Identify as black just in case
Win. Win, win, win, win.
Don't they enter voluntarily, and are free to go back to Mexico at any time?
What can we do to warn the migrants, and tell them not to come?
Ok well we need to help advise them on how to properly file for asylum. If they don’t file, it’s impossible to identify who has a legitimate asylum claim, and who is abusing an overwhelmed border
Are all people that show up at the border asylum seekers?
So then can’t anyone (in a crisis or not) claim asylum? Don’t you think that is being abused?
Do you disagree with my comment?
Nowhere within Central America or Mexico can protect these people from death? I find it very hard to believe that none of these countries have areas that are safe. Do you have a source to prove they are not allowed to bathe, brush teeth, or have water? Are there best practices we can learn from other countries that are experiencing the same volume of asylum seekers?
Yes they should get water
Yes, as I originally requested, I’d like to read about them not getting water and basic hygiene
So you have no proof of your claims outside of it being argued in court, and the one off allegations of a migrant. I’d caution spewing that Trump and his administration is not providing water and opportunities to bathe. You’re jumping to your desired conclusion and stating it as fact. That’s called propaganda. If you had a source of an inspection or investigative journalism, your argument would be much stronger. I’d also argue that the state of these camps are similar to the previous decade, but you didn’t care until Trump. Have a good one
Ok yeah they don’t want to foot the bill, which would require passing that cost onto US citizens - that is not evidence that they aren’t providing it. These migrants are getting better treatment than the millions of homeless Americans
Yes I agree to standard level of care, but I believe this is a capacity issue, not some evil tyrant trying to inflict damage on his prisoners. At a certain point, there are too many people for the amount of resources. There has to be a limit
Fair enough. I believe (hope) 6 more years of these policies will yield significant results
Settle down
Yes, I think a lot of liberals have been brainwashed to think anyone disagreeing with them is a "nazi"
I agree, but many liberals assume supporting conservative values means you are a "racist nazi"
Yes I completely agree. I am referring to the extreme ends of the spectrum - the ones larping in the streets, sucker punching people with red hats
Who is “they” and how are they “not upset about it”?
Agreed.
Had a feeling you were going there, and assumed you didn't actually read the full transcript. Here you go: "and **I'm not talking about the neo-Nazis and the white nationalists, because they should be condemned totally.** But you had many people in that group other than neo-Nazis and white nationalists. OK?" [https://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-trump-charlottesville-transcript-20170815-story.html](https://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-trump-charlottesville-transcript-20170815-story.html)
There were non-violent, non-nazi, non-white nationalists, that were protesting the removal of historical statues. You have a quote of him saying he does not support nazis and white nationalists, and your conclusion is that he supports nazis and white nationalists?
Ok well your first example was literally a quote stating the opposite of your claim. Yeah "nationalism" just means a love for one's country, and a distaste for globalism. Nothing to do with racism. The media and liberals just attached "white" to his line about being a nationalist to paint him as a racist. Either way, just think critically. Look at the actual quotes, not the twisted interpretations presented to you by our left leaning media. Wish you well.
Any race can be nationalist - it is not inherently racist. It is simply favoring the interests of your own nation, and supporting all races within your nation.
No. Nationalists simply want their country to be taken care of first. You are making up your own definition when you throw in race. Nationalists want legal immigration regardless of the race immigrating.
Ha and we come full circle to you calling me a nazi. Perfect
Ok lady, I get it. We're not going to agree here. Have a good one
Learn what words mean before you throw them around and look stupid.
America is a country of many races, so if I am an American nationalist, I stand for all of those races.
No, they are in the retarded camp due to inexperience
all night long!
How do they verify blackness?
They are held because they are being processed for asylum and or illegal immigration crimes. If Vlad from Russia jumps the border, he's going into the camp too.
Reddit is clearly run by alt-right Russian Nazis
Never said that, and no I do not believe any accusations without evidence
Or conveniently immediately after 2020 campaign announcement/rally
Ah ok gotcha
Here's your totally not insane, totally not lying, latest accuser: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AL3Y2NYBhw
This is awesome. I have a sizable mortgage and student loans, and it looks like it'll get wiped out. Go Liz!
That’s fake. This always occurs in the most Liberal, junkie-friendly areas. E: Show me an area that offers controlled heroin use centers, and I'll show a town with a littered needles problem
Ha seriously. Great work by the artist, but thinking this was a photo? cmon
Yes. FISA abuse and spying on political opponents has no place in America!
Why did Mueller concur with Barr's findings?
Mueller stated that he had no issue with Barr’s summary
“When Barr pressed Mueller on whether he thought Barr’s memo to Congress was inaccurate, Mueller said he did not but felt that the media coverage of it was misinterpreting the investigation, officials said.” I.e. Mueller took issue with how the media interpreted his findings (or lack thereof), not the way in which Barr presented the key conclusions.
Sounds good, brother. One love
I’m with you, dude. We must resist. We must impeach.
The only thing broken is my heart
Ha you kidding me? This is what they have wanted all along. The republicans have been itching to grill Mueller on his shady report
LMAO that was so fucking funny! Fuckin drumptft
Why do you say that? And why would he leave those details out of his report?
Anyone tell what? I’m saying we need to open our homes to the migrants
Yeah it'll be interesting to see how hard they press on how much the dossier was leaned on to open the investigation. Comey called it "salacious and unverified", yet McCabe stated that there would be no investigation without the dossier. Should be a good testimony.
Californya nya, super kew to the homeless
r/politics sucks the teat of the Big State, so they won't be touched
We've skipped over Europe and gone right to the China model
Source?
Censorship needs to stop!
People who aren't sheep fight against censorship. Sure it is "legal", but that doesn't mean we're not headed in a very scary direction
Are you pro-censorship?
I know that the site itself has been censored by Reddit, but I thought that comment was stating that the\_donald was censoring content within the sub
Seriously. I'd rather the kids sleep on the floor than a corporation make money on the deal. We must resist capitalism and continue to believe all women!
Because it is big tech in general which essentially has a monopoly on content.
Yes we could also use taxpayer funds to use the government as a middleman to then hire the company that makes a profit, but that is more expensive and inefficient. Or I guess we could ask a company to donate hundreds of thousands of dollars to placate the liberals. Those options don't seem likely though.
Yeah you're right. Google, youtube, twitter, facebook...they all have legit competition. You win. LMAO hahahahah
What was my lie?
It's easier to joke than come up with a viable idea huh? Complain about the issue, and offer no alternative. You're adding a lot of value.
Start reporting everything you see. Not that it will do anything, but at least it will be somewhat cathartic
Ok so you have no ideas or solutions on this matter. Got it. Keep shrieking, keep resisting
Again, if I go post in politics that someone should kill Trump, should their sub be banned?
Where’s the evidence that t_d mods were knowingly allowing this to happen? The only statement the mods have issued is that they were quarantined before being made aware of the comments
Well then there should be no reason to ban/censor/demonetize conservatives voices across major platforms
How is net approval calculated?
What’d you ask?
I don't really see any evidence outside of a third party telling me it happened.
Seriously. What a glorious day. Such a hateful sub. Now let's get back to encouraging people to throw milkshakes at people they disagree with
Why wasn't she protesting this in 2015? Answer: She doesn't give a shit unless it benefits her politically.
Yeah right! Beto all the way!
Thanks
That's fair. As much as I disagree with Bernie on policy, he seems like the most genuine/passionate about his ideas. Warren and Biden are classic power hungry politicians that will flop on their stance depending on current political climate.
I have no evidence that they are
Instead of sending me on a vague adventure, how about providing proof of any of the instances that have already occurred? If you were banned, you have the message in your inbox. Take a screenshot
Ah fuck that. I’m going to vote conservative then
If Dems aren’t wiping out debt, I’m not interested
I mean, I get that we can’t be inciting violence, but there’s a difference between calling out a time, a place, and an explicit directive vs people saying he should hang for treason. I don’t look at these comments and think “oh gosh, this guy’s life’s in danger”. I’m a bit biased because I think what he did was very bush
Got an inbox screenshot?
Fair. Thanks. I don’t stand for censorship, even if I love that sub
Yeah I don’t like that. Ultimately, it comes down to the person reporting and/or the mod. I’m an individual, so I love t_d and do not support censorship/banning. Let the free market of up/down votes do the banning
The camps were the same under Obama - only now we have a volume/capacity crisis. I’m not arguing that these camps are less than ideal, but the hypocrisy on the left is incredible.
It’s not dissimilar on the liberal subs. For example, I can only comment once every 10 min on politics because I had posted in t_d. Which may seem like nothing, but is a major pain in the ass when I’m trying to have a dialog with multiple people. Free flowing ideas, even those we may despise, must be allowed to exist
Even Obama preached to not bring children to the border. At what point do we hold the parents accountable? If you arrive at the border without notice, or are caught jumping illegally, you’ll have to be processed. The border facilities are overwhelmed, not evil. The latest charade with Wayfair just shows that Dems would rather block a Trump-backed solution than actually remedy the situation.
Which class are you talking about?
Yeah I don’t know about those claims, but ultimately the argument was about providing a better situation for detained illegal immigrants, so a company was to provide beds. For some odd reason, there was uproar that they weren’t doing it at cost. What’s frustrating is that 2-3 months ago we have CNN screaming there is no border crisis, and that Trump has fabricated an issue to declare a national emergency. Now they’re screaming that there is an emergency at the border - this time calling the decades old camps “Trump’s Concentration Camps”, but then protest a step to remedy. They’re not arguing principal. There’re arguing anti Trump
That sounds like fluff to avoid my question
Fair. And there are violent liberals too. The last school shooter was an anti-Trump trans kid. The point is that there are plenty of violent, unstable folks on both sides. Banning a forum that hosts conversations that are 99% civil/humor is not the answer, for either side
Very disrespectful. Non-Cherokee whiteness protruding
We must believe all women
Financial markets love Trump. Both his policies and the ability to buy his tweet dips
Beto all day baby. Dude is smooth and so much sex
Seriously. He is orange and bad
My favorite part was when Robert Francis O'Rourke started speaking in spanish to pander to the latino voter base. Came off as so genuine and heartfelt. I am with Bob O'Rourke.
Isn't it weird that after being raped by Trump she loved watching his show? Props to this woman for being able to forgive and forget. We must believe all women. [https://imgur.com/a/kUtgW9a](https://imgur.com/a/kUtgW9a)
Thanks for your thoughts
Looking at allegations critically, and not blindly believing everything you hear, is not being a rape apologist.
I’m not talking about the hearsay comment, I’m talking about you calling OP a rape apologist for questioning her very shaky story
I agree with you, but we’re in r/politics and this is a headline from mother jones. So of course the Dems must be jerked off
Amen
Chicago pede here, who actually frequented this place. Just emailed them that I will no longer be booking our corporate events there.
Ha yeah, I am kidding. Beto came off as a total idiot. The whole "debate" was atrocious
Netflix would never shine a light on Clinton crime
Did you care in 2015?
This is on Trump for not updating and improving Obama's concentration camps
Ah ok cool. Glad they got the beds. An unplanned donation on an order that large could cause a miss to Budget, leading to potential headcount reductions. Good news all around
Real
Not surprising because at that time she didn’t know she would be lying for the DNC
You’re categorizing this as kidnapping to help your argument. In reality, their parents have been caught committing a crime, and there is processing and holding of the parents until things are sorted out. When the parents have been processed (either receiving asylum or deported) they are reunited with their children. What is your solution? Fully open border? Children and parents held in the same criminal processing center?
How did they deal with families at the camps in 2015? Can we take any best practices?
I’m just curious about what exactly is different, and how things were better before Trump so that I can intelligently argue on the issue. Do you have a before and after for me? For example, did Obama give them beds or did they sleep on the ground with foil blankets? Were children separated under Obama? Etc My whole point is that there is an issue at the border, but it’s not a Trump-creates problem. It’s just now that liberals care
Thanks
It’s mentioned above that Bill Clinton was a client of John of God
You didn’t convince me of anything. I said thanks in regard to the information you provided
Thanks, I think we fundamentally disagree on credibility in general
Sword swallowing and bearded ladies coming soon. Time and place tbd
We need a Trump protege asap
Jeb crushed tonight
It certainly would help them look less insane
There is no malicious cruelty. This current system was handed to them. It sucks. They are overwhelmed. We need to secure and enforce the border so that those immigrating legally are not held up, and so that those that are entering illegally are limited so that we do not have children put in this situation
Yes that's exactly what I'm saying - they would never run a doc that accused the Clintons of wrongdoing. I'm not arguing the evidence here, just repeating what was explained in the post and my opinion that netflix would never run anything damaging to liberals/globalists
That was sarcastic/baiting
No, you'd be numb to not laugh
Biden has to stick up for his butt buddy
This woman has to be a Trump operative
Yep. Reasonable immigration policy/border security, and low tax rates are the telltale signs of a full blown nazi
Oh I know I'm already paying for it, but that doesn't mean that a large inflow of illegal immigrants being covered won't exacerbate the issue. You cannot have a welfare state and have open borders. That is a recipe for disaster. And I've been hearing "recession around the corner" bs for 3 years now. Shit, back in 2016 half the talking heads said the markets will tank if Trump wins. There may be a recession coming, sure, and I am hedged to mitigate that risk. For now, the US economy is humming along, and I'm glad I have been invested and reaping the benefits. Are you sure you're not just rooting for a recession because you desperately want Trump to look bad?
The hell are you talking about? I never mentioned private prisons. And I don't even know where to start about your claim of my 401k growing more in the Obama years. Have a great day. Wishing you well.
You understand that receiving a smaller refund means they paid less in taxes throughout the year, right? Getting a refund means you paid too much in taxes, it's not a gift from the government. &amp;#x200B; Here you will see that every tax bracket saw a decrease in their tax rate: [https://www.hrblock.com/tax-center/irs/tax-reform/new-tax-brackets/](https://www.hrblock.com/tax-center/irs/tax-reform/new-tax-brackets/) Here you will see that, yes, tax refunds were down, but that was easily offset by a lower amount actually paid in taxes: [https://www.hrblock.com/tax-center/newsroom/irs/tax-law-and-policy/tcja-impact/](https://www.hrblock.com/tax-center/newsroom/irs/tax-law-and-policy/tcja-impact/) " With tax liability down nearly $1,200 on average, but refunds up just $43, an average of $1,156 went into paychecks during the year, or about $50 a biweekly paycheck starting in March of 2018. The impact of the withholding changes will be amplified in 2019 because they will be in effect all 12 months of the year. " &amp;#x200B; And when the hell did I say I am ok with foreign companies getting a tax cut? You just threw that into the conversation.
Thanks
You’re going to take my thanks and like it.
Sure, but right now Vegas thinks that will be Trump vs Biden
So you make the realization that you are mesmerized by superficial qualities, which causes you to overlook competency and policy, and you continue to vote this way?
Seriously. Between kicking off his campaign, attending the G20 Summit, and meeting with Xi to negotiate a major trade deal, I bet this is all he's thinking about!
Ha yeah I think we can muster up a few! We're gonna get that Blumpft
Could be an inside job prank from a lower level employee, like the sum ting Wong guy
Ha you seem so upset and confused
Ha seriously. I love Bernie, and right now it's between him and Booker. Rooting for Booker, but would be totally fine with Sanders
How do you know it doesn't?
Haha no doubt. The guy is a total numbskull. Such a dummy that Trump, lemme tell ya
You nailed it. I protested the awful conditions of border camps in 2014, and we didn't get any traction until we got a few big donations from anonymous donors.
Yeah was going to say this tweet all but solidified him as a Russian Nazi
Part and parcel of living in a muslim-invaded land
Clown. World.
No, bay
Nice try with the whataboutism, pal.
That’s what we call a bubble that is not representative of the US as a whole
Basing this on?
What physical qualities do you look for in men?
Correct
Not. A. Democracy. Minorities get screwed in a democracy. It's why we have a representative republic
How are they screwed in a rep republic?
Lines, yes. Obscene taxes, no
Muslim Terrorist: I hate women and gays Progressive lib: Do you hate America? Muslim Terrorist: Yes Prog lib: k love you
Exactly. This impeachment is a political hitjob, and timing is important
Pelosi said Trump is an immediate threat, so her withholding the articles is allowing Trump to continue his dictatorship. Pelosi is on Trump's side. Wake up
No we need him out of office immediately, and she is only enabling him. They’re on the same team
I don't buy it. They said the evidence is overwhelming. If it's a spikeable case, they should have never voted for it in the first place. She's working with Trump behind the scenes here.
Someday you'll understand that you can name your group anything you want - doesn't mean anything compared to their actions, which resemble actual fascism.
They're actually overwhelmingly white and male
The guys in masked militant clothing, fighting anyone they disagree with are against fascism?
Any proof of this actually happening?
Too late. 99% of Reddit is now just an unfunny orange man bad shithole
Sick dude
Or coordinated to push an agenda?
&gt;somebody Way to downplay him. He's been labeled an international terrorist for decades, gave orders to kill his own citizens, and was escalating tension by ordering the attack on the US embassy. But yeah, just somebody.
So no sources to back up your claims. Got it. Thanks
She should have done a better job putting together an airtight case then. Instead, she rushed it, had to drop bribery from the charges, and instead has fluff nonsense charges. She blew it, and it is going to cost us. No way she's that dumb. It has to be intentional.
Cool gotcha. Thanks
Yeah impossible to know, so pointless to speculate. Bottom line is that this guy has a long record of human rights violations, terrorism, and just recently orchestrated an attack on a US Embassy. Why are we acting like he is some martyr?
Great point. Thanks
Why should Bandy Lee's opinion, without ever meeting the subject, matter? Mental health is not something that can be diagnosed from a distance.
I was just making fun of your immaturity, thinking you'd gain respect for saying you'd vandalize property to stick it to Trump.
Did he attack the embassy or kill an American during their terms?
Amen
Exactly. Brainwashing is very real
Again, just making fun of you. Settle down.
Just name it something like "legislative heroes fight against Trump". The AI will recognize that as rightspeak
Ok well then shame on those presidents for not taking action against someone who was killing Americans under their watch.
thanks
Yes indeed. Stay safe out there in clown world
I suppose this hinges on if you believe an attack on an embassy is an act of war
For sure. No problem.
"Article II of the Constitution gives the president the legal authority to use military force overseas so long as (a) he does so pursuant to important U.S. interests and (b) the operation in question is limited enough in nature, scope and duration that it falls below the threshold of what requires congressional authorization under the Constitution. " [https://www.lawfareblog.com/did-president-have-domestic-legal-authority-kill-qassem-soleimani](https://www.lawfareblog.com/did-president-have-domestic-legal-authority-kill-qassem-soleimani) One could argue that the assassination was "limited enough in nature, scope, and duration. Really depends on what happens next. It'd be hard to argue that we are currently at war with Iran.
Sacrificed babies to Moloch
Ha "roasted them too hard". She's unfunny. Her show just got cancelled too
Is this fanfiction or do you have any sources?
awww thanks bot
Yep, either way I agree this is a man made disaster
See our policies are reducing crime!
college?
He’s also not going to sit idly and watch Americans get killed
Takes action: wtf! Takes no action: wtf!
Yes
Seriously. It’s ridiculous how many anti-Trump bots are set up to immediately comment
Probably tons of people that lurk and don’t want to set anything up
Fuuuck. I knew “All of My Love” was about his son, but did not know this context. Thanks
I just Qanoned in my pants
Umbrellas are like 5 bucks
Yes but these interns are just vapid yesmen
Do not let Greta see this
You’ve identified the issue, now make the change. You got this
At the end of the day, so many people just suck
Close, but you forgot to divide by pi
i apologize for the micro aggression. i need to be aware of the systemic racism behind capitalizing letters
Is Trump in control of those who plan false flags?
She's got a face for voice overs
I agree with all your points, but they have a large influential NBA audience
Eh worse to be butthurt and mope
"I totally kicked this guy's ass"
What about compared to their % of the total population? Absolutes mean nothing
Racism against white people has been normalized, and men in general are painted as toxic rapists
I’d give it the 48 hour rule.
It doesn’t bother me, and it’s not just on social media. Just pointing out that it is the case.
Well as long as nothing happened to you, I guess nothing happened to anyone
Forrest Gump
I can't believe how much our climate changed that day
Wonder if any of these progressive atheists would dare make fun of a girl in a hijab. We all know the answer
It’s a joke
Or by a bunch of people who want lower tax rates, border security, and no stiff political correctness
Ok but in terms of tax rate by bracket, it was decreased across the board. That's the only point I am making. In total, the middle class paid less in taxes after this tax cut.
Well of course the wealthy saw more savings - they have more income, so the rate decrease results in higher absolute dollar savings. It’s a lie to say the middle class did not benefit from the cuts though
I scanned the article, but what rate did billionaires pay and what rate did working class pay?
China is asshoe
This is in Miami...
I think it's naive to think this is anything more than an orchestrated distraction
Aye is to kill the motion to subpoena additional white house documents
The wrong mentality is being afraid to call 911 despite someone desperately needing it
That's long exposure to Schiff. You need to get checked for AIDS
male pattern baldness
Yes, but the more time and attention Biden gets, the worse he appears
I think that could be by design to turn off viewers before they see the defense
Saw in another comment she was fine. Landed on some rocks below and broke her hip and 3 vertebrae
They should have cropped out all of these clowns
Here's the entire Trump defense team's opening statements from earlier today. It's all worth a watch, but Philbin starts at 1:49:44 [https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2020/01/25/watch\_live\_president\_trumps\_legal\_team\_begins\_defense\_opening\_statement.html](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2020/01/25/watch_live_president_trumps_legal_team_begins_defense_opening_statement.html)
PC lemmings vs independent critical thinkers
Yes the virus thrives on communism
"asian"
So you’re saying Trump and Obama are on the same team?
He has followed through on campaign promises more than any president before
Financial/Economic metrics have drastically changed (improved)
Why does it anger you that someone posts a theory? If you don’t like it, downvote and move on
Everything seems like an accident at the surface
You speak with a certainty that you don’t possess
I think the slam sent him to la la land
Who goes to a conspiracy sub and gets worked up about disagreeing with a theory. It's good to think about it, even if it is far fetched,
Your comment adds zero value. This sub is meant to make people think, no matter how ridiculous something sounds
They did cry though
Rumor has it they are still fighting to this day
Take profits out of healthcare, and you take the talent out of healthcare. No one is going to spend $200k-plus, and god knows how much time, to pursue a career that isn’t financially rewarding.
The only people that will be embarrassed are the Democrats. They weaponized impeachment as a partisan attack, and have been exposed in the trial.
These days, I’d say a vast majority
Isn't it possible to say his disgusting behavior in the past is irrelevant to his arguments against impeachment?
Dude is going to be a serial killer. What's done is done
Chill, brother. Everything will be ok
Is Ukraine lying when they say there was no pressure?
Because it was still a weaponized impeachment that should never happen again
Of what?
Because outside of the breweries and nature, Portland is a politically charged shithole
I said that’s how they should be. One example might be the pussy hat march. They got permits to close certain streets, they marched along those streets, and it remained pretty peaceful
Because a large chunk of the “protestors” are just opportunistic violent thugs
Fuckin white people. Just let us destroy the city
You had a permit to block the freeway?
Fair enough. Thanks
Ha it’s a fucking video
You know you’re brainwashed when a watermark of the media outlet trumps what your own eyes are seeing in a video
Great. I’m talking about the DNC, and all the actual looters. This woman is an anomaly
It’s a video. What’s the spin or narrative?
Title says rioters light his stuff on fire. Video shows rioters lighting it on fire. No need to overthink this
No one said that isn’t what’s happening. Just a video of a homeless guy getting torched - you’re making up that narrative
Gang members killing gang members in a democrat mayor city, in a Democrat governed state, is Trump’s fault how?
Yes these magically appeared and no one paid for them
Just substitute “anarchists” if it makes you feel better
Ha fuck the peaceful diners. Hooray to the violent rioters. Get your head out of your ass
Well like you said, if the group doesn’t exist, then no one has anything to worry about
Who is getting profiled? People looting and vandalizing?
Answer the question
What’s missing is leadership at the IL level. Why did Pritzker refuse to use the national guard as the city was being ransacked? The issues at the state level are the responsibility of the governors.
This family might be peaceful, but that family knows damn well these are all turning to violence (from cops and vandals). Don’t put your kids in that situation
People want safety. Dems sympathize with criminals. This will sway moderates to the right
Governors are responsible for the law and order within their states. They are being pressured by Trump to be tougher on the looters and vandals. Meanwhile, Biden’s team is bailing looters and vandals out of jail
Yeah we’d hate for these protests to escalate...
Police aren’t stopping looters and vandals because they don’t have the numbers and resources. National guard would help support their attempts to arrest the rioters
We do not live under a dictator. He (constitutionally) delegates responsibilities to the states. Why aren’t you saying the mayors and governors are worthless and weak? They are the ones responsible. The second Trump orders anything on a national scale, the same people calling him worthless will cry that he’s abusing his power.
Got it. Thanks
Cases up because testing is up. Death rate, which is all we should care about, is wayyyyyyyy down from initial estimates
Cases don’t mean hospital visits. Source on increase in hospital visits?
Cops are afraid to apprehend someone for fear they will be mobbed. National guard adds numbers to the arresting side
Such a pussy. Just let our cities get destroyed.
And they’re not getting it done as our cities burn and our businesses close
Thanks
If there’s 50 cops at a scene with 100 rioters, do you think they’d be less afraid to enforce the law if they had national guard evening up the numbers? Are we really arguing whether numbers matter in these circumstances?
But why in broad daylight in front of a crowd? I assume it would be very easy for a cop to kill someone, or put a hit on someone, quietly in the night
Not a troll. It’s no one’s responsibility but the governor and the mayor to maintain law and order at the state level.
Yes he tried to stop them from peacefully ruining the business
Please do. There’s 40M unemployed folks that would love to take those jobs
What exactly is a president to do when governors and mayors can’t maintain law and order at the state level? Would you rather have all of our cities turned into scorched shitholes, or have the military restore some semblance of peace? I’m not for martial law, but what’s the other option?
Easy big fella
Not the army
Jesus christ you have no idea what you’re talking about E: apparently people think mayors report to the president
What does that have to do with Gavin Newsome deploying the national guard?
You’re the one calling out a “side”
When you say “American citizens”, what you mean is “American citizens terrorizing neighborhoods with looting, vandalism, and violence”
I’m pro-opening, but if we’re to take this virus seriously, how on earth can we expect to be in a good spot given the protests high likelihood of mass spread? We were chastised for going to bars on st paddy’s, and now we’re acting like these protests had no impact on virus containment. The issue was, and remains, Lightfoot’s transparency and consistency
Calling someone who allegedly abused and killed a puppy “subhuman” “stinks of a nazi”?
What issues are you actively protesting? I’ll assume you support anything not on the list
Thanks. You omitted a lot of awful things happening in the US and around the world. Your silence makes you complicit in the continuation of these heinous problems. You should be ashamed of yourself
Thanks brother
Did he say anything about kneeling? And if kneelers aren’t disrespecting the flag, he isn’t talking about them
Well if “change” means destroying black neighborhoods, maybe a new approach is needed
This kind of thing is always happening. The conspiracy is when the media chooses to amplify this activity, and prop up BLM
Nurses are outside applauding protestors. About a week after pleading with the population to stay home and not overwhelm the health system. The whole thing’s a sham
So it’s Fox’s fault, not the actual people looting?
What were those numbers at last report?
They fought systemic racism by destroying black neighborhoods
Normal is wanting safety and strong economics
This virus is very smart. It knows what you’re doing, and will not infect you if the gathering is for a good cause
You’re arguing for a new world order?
Regardless if it’s being followed, who are these clowns putting this out there as serious policy
Why are “social gatherings” capped at 10, but protests with hundreds, or thousands, allowed?
Right. This virus is woke
It’s a deterrent, of course you don’t get to everyone. If the police department says protesters will be fined $500 for breaking social distancing rules, people would be less likely to show up. By the way, I don’t think we need to worry about this virus, or social distancing. I just want some consistency from these hypocrites
Health “experts” are now claiming mass protests are not a risk to increased spread https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/05/health/health-care-open-letter-protests-coronavirus-trnd/index.html
1,300 medical “experts” just signed an open letter stating protesting is not a risk to increased spread. You think they’d say that if this was still a serious issue?
Are you able to address the issue of indoctrination without getting butthurt?
Added the link I forgot to include. They are arguing that virus spread from protesting depends on the cause. Absolutely ridiculous "However, as public health advocates, we do not condemn these gatherings as risky for COVID-19 transmission. We support them as vital to the national public health and to the threatened health specifically of Black people in the United States. We can show that support by facilitating safest protesting practices without detracting from demonstrators' ability to gather and demand change. This should not be confused with a permissive stance on all gatherings, particularly protests against stay-home orders."
They do not believe they are risky for covid-19 transmission. If thousands of people packed in the streets is not risky, nothing is
So we’ve got to a point where health advice hinges on the political beliefs of the doctor. Great.
“We do not condemn these protests as risky for covid-19 transmission” then they go on to say they do not recommend other gatherings. They are allowing their politics to get in the way of objective health guidance. When all of these protestors spread the virus and inevitably kill people, should the victims happily acknowledge they died for a good cause?
Believing that these protests will have an impact outweighing the spread of a virus during a pandemic, yes. One could even argue these protests are worsening race relations and racism. They are assessing the risk of a virus based on the subject of the protest
What data supports their claim that these protests are more important than containing a virus? How many lives, and in what ways, are saved by protesting this issue? This is a subjective opinion, not scientific guidance. It is their political opinion (data shows otherwise) that incidents like this are not anomalous. Who ranks the importance of protest issues so I know exactly which I can attend?
I’m influenced by data, not opinions
Yeah I don’t give a shit about CNN - I’m taking issue with these so called medical experts. How do they assess which protests are justified right now? They work in science so they should be driven by data. What data shows these protests are worth the spread of a deadly virus during a pandemic?
So are we to believe people are at more risk from police brutality than this virus? Is that their medical opinion?
Ok well the virus has killed 22,000 black people so far, and roughly 200 black people are killed by the police each year (and that’s including all deaths, not just “police brutality”) Deaths from police by race: https://www.statista.com/statistics/585152/people-shot-to-death-by-us-police-by-race/ Deaths from corona by race: https://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local/ucla-releases-covid-19-dashboard-tracking-race-and-ethnicity/2375166/
Source on total number of police brutality cases?
Why would a health expert acknowledge the event will accelerate spread of the virus, and then justify allowing the protest? What data is guiding these scientists to believe the protest is worth allowing?
You can be part of a field and not be an expert in that field. And I personally don’t believe any health expert would justify a protest in the middle of a pandemic
Thanks
Yes
Ok but my point is they’re not citing data or scientific research
They should have that attitude towards all protests
Yes and I think it’s a dangerously slippery slope when health officials are giving health advice based on their thoughts on social issues
How are you getting to that millions of lives number? And what other causes are justified so I know which protests to attend or avoid? And when these protesters inevitably spread this virus to doctors/nurses, overwhelm the hospitals, infect and endanger vulnerable elderly populations - should we all accept it as a consequence for the greater good?
I would say the protesters, but that would be racist and unwoke
It mutated to being very woke
No. There’s been no switch. The issue isn’t the protest, it’s the hypocrisy that this protest is allowed and encouraged, while any other social gathering has been condemned
Hugging and kissing?! Did you call the police?
90% is the perception. It’s more like 50,000 in cities of millions
Thanks. Not many people understand the protesters are the small minority
Yup
Man you take a cut of everything
The governor and the virus came to an agreement that the virus would take last week off
WE NEED LAWLESSNESS!
Ha
Yes and restaurant owners bribing aldermans for these policy favors
Someone within the next 6 months will die!
Rage with the machine
2-0 bears
Then don’t sign the contract
Yes. They weren’t forced to sign. If you don’t like the terms of a contract, you negotiate or refuse. You don’t sign then complain
*supporting small businesses
Why are they signing bad contracts? Again, take your talents elsewhere or negotiate the deal
Why can’t you understand that it’s the responsibility of the person signing the contract?
They were reporting on CHAZ, and showed a clip of a Chazanian berating an intruder and telling them to “Kill yourself!”. The closed captioning is just delayed
Hit “save”
Handful as in the thousands of protestors?
Yeah I support both protests right to assemble. I just think it’s hilarious watching the mental gymnastics of someone pro-lockdown and pro-protest
I blame the brains of those individuals
I agree. I just don’t respect people that can’t think for themselves
Also only deployed minimal national guard. If the cops couldn’t handle it, the mayor needed to call for reinforcements
But why is he the common denominator when these issues are occurring in cities run, almost exclusively, by democrats?
I wasn’t talking broadly about “racial tensions”, but rather the specific instances in Minneapolis and Atlanta that have sparked the riots we’ve seen over the last few weeks.
Exactly. That’s the problem
Defund: prevent from continuing to receive funds What do you think happens to organizations that have no funding?
If you defund, you disband. I’m not arguing priorities, just the definition of defund E: Ha defund means stop funding. Are you mad about the definition?
Look up the definition and get back to me
That’s not what “defund” means. Not saying that’s what they want, but they keep using the wrong word. “Defund” means stop funding. What I hope they mean is “restructure”
Yeah I’m not saying anything other than “defund” means cut off funding. Catchy or not, they either mean disband the police, or they’re using the wrong word
Ok so “defund the police” doesn’t really mean defund. Got it. Thanks
Yes they should wait until they’re dead or wounded
Doesn’t change that “life without the police” sucks
This is an argument that more police, not less, is needed. But sure, “crackpot conservative narrative”
Ha says the guy who cannot understand a very straightforward definition. Have a good one
Reform Police
Thanks. Again, the only point I wanted to make is that defund means stop funding. That’s it. The motto sucks if you have to constantly explain what you actually mean
Mine is way better. Actually makes sense
Ok well everyone thinks they want to actually defund the police, which is not popular
Ok enjoy your lawless dystopia
“We don’t take a profit, I just pay myself $25M a year”
I agree it’s a terrible slogan, because anyone that knows the definition of the word thinks they want to remove all funding. It’s not propaganda to have a vocabulary
Fair enough. I just think most people want a quick response when they are calling in an emergency. Less funding means less cops means slower response
Fair
Sounds good. Thanks brother
Hot dogs are $2 retail. I imagine an order that large would get a bulk discount to below $1/dog. Who the fuck needs 65,000+ hot dogs?
The White House has a huge staff and is certainly not shipping in servers and cooks. I will also eat my shoe if the whitehouse didn’t have buns, fixings, and drinks
People here want stats, not emotion and hysteria
Expires July 31
Imagine getting this email from a family member? Who talks about kids this way?
Never has a grandparent been notified about their grandchildren being entertainment in the pool
Yup. That’s when shit will get even crazier. Buckle up
GPs know more than we could ever imagine
When it comes to coronavirus, yes people here want stats
There is an epidemic of not knowing what “defund” means
Thank you for your advice
“Yoink” c. 2020
Omg did you call the police?
And while we’re on the topic, why the hell is the Facebook like symbol a white thumb and not a thumb of color? I’m fuming over this
Yeah no shit
Or graduations, birthdays, etc are doing things like this in lieu of a traditional gathering
Yeah it’s probably not the only driver of these results, but it’s also an unprecedented time in which summer parties are essentially not allowed
I don’t know the answers, but it would only take a tiny % to reach the amounts in the graphic
Ha ok. Thanks for “debunking” my guess
You’re able to afford a phone, WiFi, and have the time to yap all day on reddit. You check your privilege
Essentially, yes, but it’s not technically official until the convention
Bubba was on CNN after the FBI/NASCAR doubling down that it was a noose
Bubba was on CNN after the FBI/NASCAR finding, doubling down that it was a noose
Ha no it was a rope with a hand tie used to pull down a garage door. It has been there since October 2019, before Wallace was assigned the garage.
I agree, but the question is “how do tptb profit from all of this?”
Thank you. I definitely agree eugenics and depopulation are the basis for many of their actions
Let’s not act like “noose” doesn’t refer to connotations of an action more than type of knot. The point is that this was a non-event that the media pushed as a racially motivated attack
That’s totally fair. I always assume money=power so in essence I suppose my question was both about wealth and power/control. You’re right that the wealth disparity is so vast that their main concern is protecting that wealth rather than accumulating more
Is the virus unable to sneak out the sides of masks?
Interesting. Crazy little virus we have here
So it was like the flu?
I would just appreciate if someone would admit the protests contributed to the spread and the new cases we are now seeing
Yeah it became horrifyingly apparent how many anti-vaxx people were out there when there was so much push back on injecting disinfectants for coronavirus
Sounds these articles all use contract tracing findings, and general assumptions about transmission. How do you feel about contract tracers being instructed to NOT ask if participants attended protests? Puts up the blinders no? “No person will be asked proactively if they attended a protest,” Avery Cohen, a spokesperson for de Blasio, wrote in an emailed response to questions by THE CITY. https://www.thecity.nyc/coronavirus/2020/6/14/21290963/nyc-covid-19-trackers-skipping-floyd-protest-questions-even-amid-fears-of-new-wave
To believe Medicare for all is a good idea requires believing government runs efficient, high quality programs
Brb gonna go accumulate trillions of generational wealth
Identity politics is cannibalistic. Straight women are no longer strong contenders in the oppression olympics
Sources?
Completely agree, but it seems like the liberal approach is to just accept that it’s permanent. I don’t know what the answer is, but I know the Democrat approach isn’t working
Sad but true
Yeah it’s mostly CYA for liability purposes. These places are dying for business and will not turn it down. At least mom and pop
This whole video is racist against the black guy
The CDC has said positive cases can include those with a common cold, not to mention false positives. Don’t buy the hype of a second wave due to a rise in cases E: https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/testing/serology-overview.html See “what do your results mean?”
https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/testing/serology-overview.html See first bullet under “what do your results mean?”
Partially, yes, as well as other “coronaviruses” other than Covid-19. Also we are testing much, much more than before, so it’s more likely we are identifying more cases rather than there being more cases than before. And false positives. All of which are contributing to the “rise” in cases. It would be great if our tests could isolate Covid-19 from other illnesses. Until then, the numbers are suspect
What is dumb about saying that back in March/April we didn’t have the mass testing we have now, and thus many cases were not diagnosed? The case count was artificially low then. Now we are IDENTIFYING more cases, and deaths are on the decline. That is a good thing Case count is clinically irrelevant without corresponding mortality rates (which now no one wants to mention since it is far lower than initial estimates that caused the lockdown in the first place)
Spez’s brain explodes
It will be looked back on as a completely irrational, illogical period of human existence
What if the firework people are protesting?
