What’s the reasoning behind Amulet of Vigor? Unless you play against a Blind Obedience-effect heavy meta I don’t see it being super useful for dragons.
What movie is this from? I see the gif all the time but I’ve never seen the film.
If he’s the progenitor of the Azorius, what’s he doing in Ixalan?
Interesting. Thanks.
Doesn’t non-Dragonlord Kolaghan give +1/+0 for *each* attacking dragon?
What helmet is that?
If you’re running queen, Mana Echoes makes an infinite combo with her. Just get haste and some sliver pumpers and swing for big. Edit: other suggestions include Wild Pair, Lurking Predators, Armageddon, Paradox Engine, Cryptic Gateway, Kindred Discovery, Mirari’s Wake, Asceticism, and possibly Intruder Alarm.
Wouldn’t this require you to have enough lands to produce over 9 mana? I’m not entirely sure what the point of the 1 mana creature is.
Oh Curio requires a second permanent, that makes sense. Yeah that would be necessary for infinite ETB triggers but if you have instead 11 mana available, Zacama can make infinite mana which you can then use with him as a semi-boardwipe or combo off via other methods.
What stereotypes did Jar Jar play into? And there were others?
The OT had almost no world building either and they’re pretty popular.
Expropriate is abhorrent.
One of my friends (playing GAAIV control) got upset with me for beating him down with my 1/1 Yidris and helping others remove his [[humility]] because he was keeping the Sharuum player “from comboing off and winning,” despite the fact that Sharuum’s graveyard was empty and his hand was hurting. Humility turns you into a target. I was taking a risk and I acknowledge it because I’ve got answers to Sharuum and others in my deck. Don’t play Humility if you aren’t ready to get humiliated.
I’ve been modifying my Breya and looking for places I can make changes. Got a list I can take a look at?
I don’t know how unpopular this is, but [[Perplexing Chimera]] belongs in almost every non-cEDH blue deck.
It was actually explicitly banned by the RC
In some artifact decks it could possibly lead to death. On a more serious note, I’m not entirely sure.
Ugh those subtitle effects are so distracting it really takes away from what’s going on in the gif.
Home vs. Away skins.
Can we fade the Dragons flairs now?
haHAA?
That's most of Seoul.
Man I can't wait for the Mercy patch.
2CP is such a great game mode.
You can only swap for maps, not for points.
Seoul 9
xQc's Rein is looking better than Miro's.
The rare double C9 PogChamp
It's tough to justify swapping out Taimou or Effect for him.
3-2
Someone near the mic really dislikes Fuel.
It's rough being Winston in this meta.
Seagull mainly plays DPS. Effect is a really good carry on EnVy (DPS) and Taimou (DPS/Roadhog) is the main shotcaller so they can't really justify bringing in 3 DPS.
Counter counter point, Envy and Rogue have both won tournaments in the east.
Hate is stronger than love.
You can't play Roadhog every map in pro OW.
A c9 is when a player on any team either touches their keyboard, mouse, or controller. That should help clear things up.
Munchkin is good.
There were four. Junkertown, Anubis, Ilios, and Numbani.
Are we gonna get some 4-0rida Mayhem today?
Oh shit I’ve been to that escape room!
"Taimou's overrated," "Bench Taimou," "Washed up DPS"
That's just Junkertown.
J U N K E R T OMEGALUL W N
Can we remove Junkertown from OWL rotation?
Cocco in for Seagull on Genji
Honestly though, how do you defend Horizon and Junkertown?
Since we've already seen Junkertown and Horizon three times on attack and defense, can we just skip them for the next games?
They played through Junkertown *three times.* Pirates, man.
I can't wait for those stupid Mercy nerfs already. Kariv and Chips deserve better.
Did we watch the same Cocco? It looked like he was dying IRL.
You trying to tell me running through Horizon and Junkertown three times aren't close games?
This is the most /r/competitiveoverwatch post that ever was.
So now that we have a massive amount of data (two games) under our belt, can we say for sure that SHD is gonna 4-0 Dallas?
Bench them all, bring in Kyky and Tazmo.
Definitely the case. IMT didn't look super hot during Contenders and people super underrated them for that. Lots of folks here were putting Valiant in the bottom 4.
It hurts to live, but I'm happy for Valiant. So many people underrated them.
Good, get them bandwagoners out of here.
Logix is over his LAN jitters, which is good. It's pretty much the only good thing about Mayhem right now.
Depends. Do you like Valiant?
Dallas still too high tbh. Taimou is trash, xQc is silver, and Mickie is bad.
Tviq's reaper has been... questionable.
But you know who will never get memed away? TMOBILE
The first two maps were incredibly close then things fell apart.
At least there is no Mercy involved. I'll take triple tank if we get rid of Mercy.
How long do you think it is before Tviq snaps and ends up on /r/floridaman?
Mayhem can't even one-trick Eichenwalde anymore.
If you told me a year ago this ragtag Boston team would 4-0 Misfits, I'd have laughed at you.
Yikes
I think that's a side effect of consolidating all of the talent into a few teams.
I wouldn't go that far. SFS is also pretty meh.
Is there a clip of that floating around somewhere? I missed it the first time :(
Oh my god this is so plat.
Do you like comedy? Then this one. Otherwise the first two.
SFS just got full held on Horizon ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Shanghai, uh, finds a way.
FeelsBadMan
Womp womp
That reference may have gone over most peoples' heads, but I cracked up.
Good bot
1.379 billion people and this is the best you can do?
Those Youtube content creators are gonna have a hell of a time coming up with a highlight reel for this game.
It's just the NRG support curse.
Not with those skinny arms and legs.
That's one way to put it.
Toxic.
I meant those teams are so bad the punishment is cruel and unusual.
Knowing the Overwatch fanbase, probably isn't.
You think so? This didn't look hyper-dominant, but then again it's hard to draw conclusions from Junkertown
Yeah cuz Twitch chat, ranked, /r/Overwatch, and /r/competitiveoverwatch are bastions of rational thought and discourse.
He JUST got it too
Nah, it'll be fun.
Long have we awaited SDB Blade still not activated
That's so sad to hear.
"Dayfly is their best Mercy" :thinking:
That's more of a league limitation than a team one.
He's waiting for the trans.
I dunno, for a team of Koreans NYXL has been killing it with their community outreach. I just think teams like Spitfire and Mayhem aren't doing enough.
I never said it was done well.
Don't remind me of that dark time.
Can't underrate that badonkadonk.
Junkertown, Horizon, Ilios. The best maps for determining team rankings. EDIT: Yes, I'm incredibly bitter.
BaebyeolBae
Put money on Houston?
Lots of good Junkrat play, but not much else.
But he's up against SBB, Pine, and Jjonak
Nah, Clockwork did way better today.
When your partner is popping off like Pine, there's not much other damage to do.
Yep, all things considered he did much better.
Flame isn't making those decisions now, it's Tairong.
That's the thing, Clockwork's Soldier and McCree are way more solid than his Tracer.
I think they did pretty well considering who they were up against.
It's nice that he had a bit of redemption though.
He had a good minute as Pharah. I think the issue is he's just really hot-and-cold on everything that's not Junkrat but he's been more cold than hot lately.
The excuse is it's NYXL.
OH MY GOD JUNKERTOWN, JUST FUCK OFF.
JUNKERTOWN FUCK OFF
I think so.
Junkrat DansGame
Probably LAG.
Funny how Junkrat's good at so much.
It's been around longer than that.
Junkertown is the most NA map. Ironic, considering it's in Australia.
Blizzard never cared about pushing patches in the middle of tournament seasons before.
Junkertown as usual BrokeBack
I dunno, I think Anubis &gt; Horizon. At least you can defend Anubis.
Fucking delete Horizon and Junkertown already.
Fair enough. I’m really in hate with Junkertown and Horizon right now. Ilios and Numbani are close behind.
Week 1 of OWL has been fun except for all of the Junkertown, Horizon, Ilios, Mercy, and Junkrat.
Needs more Junkertown, Horizon, Ilios, Numbani.
It happened a couple times in the preseason.
You could say that out of a lot of pros on other teams. If winning multiple tournaments was required to be in OWL, we'd have Envy, Misfits, Rogue, and Lunatic Hai.
What other player from NA won anything of note? Are you implying we should simply drop all NA players?
No, like physically dying. He's been sick.
Boink and Bani are good, just not at Mercy.
MINE MINE MINE
/u/xQcow
MrBleeple made his name shattering shields, but little did we know he was only practicing for his destiny: shattering records.
PLEASE, BANI’S MERCY POSITIONING IS SO POOR EVEN CLOCKWORK COULD KILL HIM
JUST LIKE THE BRITS IN SHOOTERS.
SDBface :|
A certain *je ne sais quoi*
Wow, the throws.
And Philly threw harder somehow.
I missed the first part. What was the interview?
POKO ROBBED
However much time you have left over you get for your 2nd push. If you have 0s and they have more than 1m, you don’t get a 2nd attack round. If someone has more than 0s but less than 1m, they increase the time on both sides equally until the team with the least time has 1m. The team with the least time attacks first. Since SF finished with no time left, they would only get to attack again if Philly completed the map with less than a minute left, then they would add a minute to each team's time bank. Since Philly completed the map with more time than that, SF doesn't get an attack, so the two outcomes are a) Philly gets 1/3 of the first point (win) or b) Philly runs out of time on attack (tie). Philly wasn't able to get the first third of the cap, so it was a tie. Clearer now?
The Seoul B-team :thinking:
True, I realized it could have been taken in a judgmental way. I just wanted to know if I had to explain things like timebanks (played OW before but not comp) or objectives and payloads (no experience with the game). I just want people to enjoy OWL!
I feel bad for Tviq. But also they've had so many chances to change things up but they just haven't, so it's really kinda their fault.
Yep, Eich was a draw so nobody gets points
I remember when the big 3-way trade happened with Rogue, Luminosity, and Misfits I thought Misfits got the best end of the bargain and Rogue got shafted. The wrong team got into OWL.
Lucio? That's gonna be a hold.
They aren't playing on a patch with the nerfs. That's why Mercy and Junkrat are still popular in these games.
This is a thonk comp.
Old LH used to have some real thonker matches but I don't forsee this Seoul roster having the same issues.
Yeah there's just no comparison.
They have a single coach. Other teams have multiple coaches, managers, advisers, etc. Mayhem's doing the bare minimum and the results are showing it.
"Questionable" is extremely charitable.
No
YEEHAW
:Thonk:
Outlaws flair, checks out.
Doa flubbed his words
He can also play Soldier and Tracer to such a high level he can go toe-to-toe with the players from SHD.
He can also play Soldier and Tracer to such a high level he can go toe-to-toe with the players from SHD.
That’s the joke.
Mendo has a puppy?????????????
Here comes the boink
D'awwwwwwwwwwwwww
Bani looks like a Mii IRL
Now that’s an obscure reference if I’ve ever seen one.
The character really warped the meta and all high-level play revolves around her, so it’s pretty understandable that so a sub dedicated to discussing high-level play is sick of her and wants her gone.
Because she was still incredibly meta in lower-levels despite being a subpar healer. It was either “ugh, Mercy is everywhere on ladder and isn’t even good” or “ugh, Mercy is everywhere on ladder and in pro play and she’s way too good.”
Probably. I’m just saying it’s understandable because she was a poor design choice and Blizzard doesn’t seem to be able to balance her in any meaningful way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBkDdYO55TQ
I am (was?) an xQc fan and I’m pretty sad about this clip. Hopefully he actually apologizes for this and doesn’t try to deflect. Bantz are bantz, but that was a line you don’t step over. Silver lining: hopefully Blizzard responds appropriately and people can actually address some of the darker side of video game culture.
I don’t know if anyone has ever accused xQc of being brilliant, if that answers your question. He plays Overwatch well, he should be glad he can get paid for it because I don’t know what else he could do.
Not till mid-season pickups though, plenty of time to learn Swedish though.
🤔 🤔
I’d be shocked if the GM didn’t stand up for his players.
There’s nothing wrong with liking players on the Outlaws while rooting against them. I want them to succeed, just not against my teams.
I’m not familiar with him being homophobic to Muma before. Please enlighten me.
DFuel and maybe xQc fan here. Seems fair, even lenient. I wonder if there will be any official Blizzard action taken.
True, but it’s still not a very good excuse. A one-game ban is pretty mild all things considered.
Like Rogue in Contenders
Most likely. But r/cow is very reactionary when it comes to a few bad performances in a row. EDIT: I’m sort of confused what I said that’s so controversial it’s leading to downvotes.
They’re against Shanghai, so it’s not super scary.
I worry that maybe they’re homesick. Some of them are skin and bones, do they even have a proper cook? With all that NRG money surely they could afford someone who can cook legit SF cuisine. ^Kappa
I would be honored if they were.
Poor Uber ran through almost all of his round-finishing one-liners there with Uprising barely coming back in to stall.
That’s a good idea, but I’m on mobile. Feel free to do it yourself though.
For reference, OP also cut off the handle of the guy who tweeted it out. https://mobile.twitter.com/jrbsfx/status/940422820030332929
Credit: https://mobile.twitter.com/jrbsfx/status/940422820030332929?lang=en
I guess I’m putting off placements for another ~~day~~ ~~week~~ season.
I’m 100% sure that once Mercy and Junkrat get the nerfbat, DVa and her missiles are next up on the chopping block.
Playing worse to make others underrate you/hide strategies
Oui oui sacre bleu croissant Brie omelette
Ouch
That first sentence is a few ironic misspellings away from being a top post on /r/overwatchcirclejerk. Mostly people just hate what Mercy has done to the game.
The Mercy revamp had a huge effect on all tiers of play. You can’t just say that she’s been popular with the fan base and ignore what has actually changed in the game balance-wise.
But she never warped the meta as much as she has in the last 4 months. Mercy was always popular, sure. But before her rework she wasn’t overpowered.
So is Zuppeh the most carried player on Mayhem?
That sounds like something someone would say mid-meltdown.
I had to double check your name to make sure you weren’t WaPo.
This Reddit trend of trying to make subtitles as fancy as possible is a big pet peeve of mine. I’m trying to read them quickly and efficiently so I can also follow along with everything else on the screen, stop making them move and shit.
Fun fact, there are no more “90s kids.”
You’re not a kid anymore.
Are you ever not a complete asshole?
Honestly I think Fleta &gt; Libero on most of Libero’s meta heroes but Libero’s doing the big brain and outplaying him. I’m pleasantly surprised.
Damn Fleta was pretty clutch there.
AngelThump
A bit of both, it seems.
Time for NYXL to reply with Saebyeolbe.
*Shrieking intensifies*
Just your daily dose of Saebyeolbe wholesomeness https://gfycat.com/VariableImpressionableFoal
Neptuno is Shanghai’s MVP right now.
A little bit of both. It’s hard being a Winston in this meta.
That’s how we do it in Philly
Saved.
Whatever they’re paying Effect, it’s not enough.
Anyone who says Elo Hell isn’t real isn’t watching Effect in this game.
Wait, how left is Attila anyway?
Some people on this sub get really toxic when it comes to Dallas. It’s a bit of a yikes
Probably the most SHD thing ever.
Junkrat OMEGALUL
Damn, I feel like the momentum could have been different if it started on Control Center as opposed to Garden
Zebbo*sigh*
He’s French, he looks appy.
Nobody
How about ziggur-not?
Was that before or after the Valkyrie rework?
Oh yikes. It’s not that Mercy is bad. It’s that she’s too good.
Everything’s bigger in Texas except for the Koreans it seems.
Some people on this sub are convinced Blizzard is conspiring to help Fuel. I remember when Mercy was first buffed people were saying it was to make EnVy even more dominant because Chips was a god at Mercy. Now since they’re nerfing Mercy, it’s also because they want Fuel to win more.
MeRcY rEqUiReS gOoD GaMeSeNsE
Who’s the homophobic one? I wasn’t aware of that.
Crusty and Aero deserve better than this. The strats are good but the execution is lacking. It’s like I’m watching Aero and Crusty try and play chess with only knights
Leaveland.
Welcome to the game! Watch OWL, it’s fun.
What are you doing here
Do you ever use Titans?
Oh so you’re saying you have 2112 in a single fleet, not two fleets of corvettes, one fleet of destroyers, one of cruisers, and two of battleships
In my previous run I used homogenous fleets segregated by ship class/speed and I found that the most efficient fleets were battleships with a titan and then corvette swarms. I’ll have to try integrated fleets this time.
RIP. Crusty came too late.
Mayhem has sort of regressed lately I think. I don’t think it will be close.
Time for Shanghai to get rolled. Thanks, Bren.
*6 minutes.
&gt;stage 3. 2-2. &gt;322 *Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm*
The only winner to come out of that match was Twitch chat.
Certainly clap. I wouldn’t say EZ though.
Diya should feel like the king of the world after that match. He had Linkzr’s number for most of the games, he was awesome!
I try not to judge you guys based on the trolls. But it can be hard with how shitty the trolls sometimes are to others.
Again we rise
That’s not very Roman now is it?
Is the current meta pure autocannons or is there plasma cannon mixed in there too?
What is the benefit of disrupters?
Oh duh, I completely forgot how neutron launchers aren’t torpedos or missiles. Does the AI use missiles/carrier spam enough to an extent where PD is important?
Caligula
It’s silly how people do nothing but complain about Rose hurting the Resistance but completely ignore Jarjar granting Palpatine his imperial powers or Lando selling out Han et al. Not targeting this at you, just Star Wars fans in general.
Weird, I thought people hated it when players yell at the refs? Why does Lebron get to do it?
What do you mean? Plenty of folks in here are whining that the refs are bailing out the Warriors.
Is that it? I thought it was Draymond’s finger in there.
Oh god I remember that. People were so mad.
I think the tooltip makes it pretty clear that the “defensive” auras target only the fleet the titan is in, but I didn’t know about the range part.
“No” doesn’t mean “no” to Fallen Empires.
Well he had to announce the series where the warriors sweep the cavs, so in a way he did.
So and so died under suspicious circumstances. Died attending to “chamber business” Died old and infirm In general any of the executions https://ck2.paradoxwikis.com/Execution
Now that’s a controversial opinion in this sub.
Synths make better leaders but machines are immortal. For that reason Driven Assimilators are pretty great. You get the best of both worlds.
If you're using ion cannons, make sure you have the 50&amp;#37; range increase addon for your fortress. It's usually enough for me to force any interlopers into combat.
Is it the Exterminator perk?
IIRC that scene was a joke about how the various liberal/left factions in Great Britain were too busy feuding with each other as opposed to actually taking on the conservative government. It actually represented the Jewish resistance pretty well, there was always infighting.
Huh, I guess I got lucky that the AE actually saved the galaxy.
What’s the wecommended amount of dedotated wam I should have to an exterminator?
What’s MEM?
TIME TO WATCH MY BOY TLMO REDUCE HIS BUFFERING
[Oh noey](https://clips.twitch.tv/RelievedMuddyClipsdadFUNgineer)
See haters? Dallas was just sandbagging all season like we said. Now that it’s playoffs, we will see them back at it in full force!
Much like the Cavs, I fully expect to get swept in playoffs.
Jesus you guys. Houston fans can be major assholes, but honestly I don’t think the players themselves are deserving of hate.
As cocky as Outlaws were in Stage 1, I feel like people use their cockiness as an excuse to hate on them rather than just hate on the cockiness. Lots of players/teams have been cocky but none get the amount of shit the players from Houston do.
Don’t question your loyalty until the playoffs are over. One 3-1 does not a Dynasty make.
Seoul never looked as bad as Dallas did. They’ve definitely had higher highs.
I totally didn’t notice it the first time watching this, I was too focused on the payload. So I can understand Semmler missing it.
Also the desk predicted GLA. That is how GLA loses.
BZZZT, ERROR: SUBOPTIMAL FUN DETECTED. INSTALLING LATEST FUNWARE.
Do you use Colossus for the free total war CB? I haven’t found much use for it otherwise.
The Gravitators.
I’m seconding that recommendation. Mike Duncan is pretty great.
Excellent idea.
So I have a bit of a loaded (hah) question. This guy in my group refuses to make any decisions on who to attack. It's pretty annoying. Even when someone is far ahead in the game ad the *obvious threat*, this guy leaves his attacks up to a roll of the dice. So whichever person's numbers come up get hit but then if we try to take revenge by swinging at him, he takes it very personally and makes a big stink about it and how "you can't blame me, it's just the way the dice went" or "why not attack so-and-so, they're a much bigger threat!" It's even worse when he plays blue decks because he ignores obvious threats and just focuses on screwing over the person who took a swing at him after he took a swing at them. "That guy played Consecrated Sphinx? Ok. You play Kodama's Reach? That's getting countered." The only time he doesn't get mad at people for attacking him is if it's as "random" as when he attacks them. So my question is this: Would it be legal for me to use a loaded die to "randomly" choose my attacks such that he gets it every single time?
Probably. I’d also recommend running a [[Sunforger]] package.
I feel like if you’re playing Ruric Thar and not equipping him with [[Grafted Exoskeleton]], you’re not saying “stop that” firmly enough.
FWIW, I don’t foresee them coming down significantly in the future. When they’re standard legal they’ll be expensive because they see play and when they’re not standard legal they’ll be expensive because they see play in a lot of other formats and are not currently in print. They’ll probably come down below $10, but I wouldn’t hold my breath for below $5. Fixing my Ur Dragon deck’s manabase was not cheap. In the meantime, I would advise you to invest in Khans of Tarkir fetchlands (allied colors, probably not going to be reprinted soon). After that, checklands are currently in standard so pick those up in the meantime. Then when the new Ravnica block rolls around, keep an eye out for the shocklands.
Second this one. Only monocolored spells allowed, thank you very much.
It looks like you forgot the link.
I feel like [[Chainer, Dementia Master]] would make a good lieutenant for Vivi.
Could I see your list?
You could do Atraxa with weird counters. Think energy counters, maybe experience counters, level counters, the various ____ ascension counters, time counters (vanishing/suspend), sunburst, storage lands, [[Altar of shadows]], [[All Hallow’s Eve]], [[Armageddon clock]], [[Astral cornucopia]], [[Azor’s elocutors]], [[black market]], [[celestial convergence]], [[coalition relic]], [[spite of vengeance]], [[darksteel reactor]], [[descent into madness]], [[discordant dirge]], [[diseased vermin]], [[divine intervention]], [[djinn of wishes]], etc.
Yeah, any additional incremental lifegain makes him scary.
Ah, I thought "that" was referring to keeping your commander in the CZ.
It would be cool if the different star types had different effects on the system too.
But remember, Amy Schumer is an unfunny cunt because she talks about her vagina.
How the hell did you get elected to the Byzantine throne as a child?
Here come Dat boi.
Wait you can search for artifacts? Sven, prepare the longboats.
Huh, if you buy favors can you force vassals to vote for your successor? Does it ever expire?
Being born in the purple does very little to offset the -100 modifier for being a kid
Okay, this is mundane
Imperial lets you hold cities now? Aw shit.
DAE SUBSCRIBE TO PEWDIEPIE?
Wait if you duel the enemy commander you can save your cat?
Seems like an easy choice to make.
Oh man I was waiting for this. Thank you for this bountiful feast.
Her power is maximum.
Meme wars or sub wars are stupid, but so is using “gay” as an insult.
/r/nicegirls also used to be a nice Yang to /r/niceguys Yin but lately it’s been getting awfully MGTOW-y.
Probably not. If it came down to either mentioning them in the SOP or mentioning them in the online application form, I think talking about them in the SOP is preferable.
NO
Given how the tail is thrashing, I don’t think there’s much patience left.
Let’s do some napkin math. Assume you want to be able to have 1m resolution on the Proximate planets. The Proxima system is 1.3 pc (~4x10^16 m) from the sun, so the angular resolution required would be about 2.5x10^-17 radians. If we want to see the beings on this planet, let’s say we’re working with visible wavelengths (lets just stick with an even 500nm). The angular resolution through a circular aperture is equal to the ratio of the wavelength of observed light to the diameter of the aperture multiplied by 1.22 because Bessel functions. When all is said and done, we would need a circular aperture of roughly 25 million km. This comes out to about 35x the radius of the sun, 1/6 of an AU, or 1.5 lightminutes.
If we were to do something like a telescope array, the L4/5 Lagrange points would probably be the best options as they’re 1 AU in either direction along the earths orbit, though they are stable orbits so junk would tend to accumulate there. Does the technology exist? So far we have only put objects in L1 and L2. Could we put things in L4/5? Perhaps. But that is further out than we have placed any space telescope before AFAIK.
Oh right. Doesn’t the Necronomicon only increase your chances of lunacy though?
This hole... was made for me!
Staken
I fucking hate those massive balls of fuck you.
You’re thinking of /r/PeopleFuckingDying
That thread made me sad. I need to go hug my cat.
I don’t think she’s a Mary Sue though. She was an interesting character at first but now she’s just bland.
Now that’s a blast from the past.
And repeats the same lines
Stuff from DFM is generally funny enough for /r/funny. That’s about as high as the bar is.
I’ll just go ahead and say that if you didn’t do well in 21D you should definitely pump the brakes on signing up for 9C. A lot of the material in 9C assumes a good understanding of multivariable calculus so if you don’t have a strong grip on that you’re in for a pretty rough time.
That just makes the person who goes second the new first.
Then the person who goes 3rd gets the biggest advantage. &amp;#x200B; I'm sure you see where this is going.
&gt;No thanks. Bruh, look at this dude. &gt;A garbage team like Outlaws would ban Tracer. Ooohhhoohoo, wait 'till you see the... &gt;Hero bans is shit when you have so few heroes. Oohuhuhohohoo no no no no nooooo &gt;It just promotes teams with shits for skills to gain an advantage. Ooooooo^oooo^^ooooo^^^ooooh &gt;I'm glad Outlaws Tracer weakness was exposed and the nepotism of Flame as well. BHHHHHHHHAEEEEAAAAAAAHAAAAHAAAHAAHAHAHYAHYAHYAHYA AAAAAAAAGH LOOK AT HIS PREVIOUS COMMENTS &gt;Dafran is better than every other player in the league by a mile. DHHHHHEEEEEEHAHAHAHA^A^^A^^^A &gt;I said it. I don't care give a flying f about the downvotes. LOOK AT HIS POSTS &gt;Never mind. Go play DressupWatch. Good luck finding a game more balanced than Quake Live as a competitive FPS. BGHHHHHHHEHHEHHHHHEHEHHHH
My hot take: most of EDH is fine but I do think the 4c partner commanders opened a few too many possibilities, especially Thrasios &amp; Tymna. Also ban Flash. People need to run more artifact and land hate.
I played it a few times, but my playgroups quickly realized that you never, ever let them flip from the library.
Greek
It doesn’t miss
It does actually work in the Menagerie. It still counts as being on the Leviathan.
ShOcK jUsT dIdNt PrEpArE
Hello darkness my old friend
Even at the OWWC before S1 people were hyped about China. It just so happened a lot of the top tier talent was &lt;18 or not picked for the roster. If it’s China vs. SK in the finals, I’m rooting for our Sino overlords.
The subreddit was only closed *ironically*, can’t these guys take a joke?
I think you just Poe’s Law’d yourself there, amigo.
Imagine wanting more 3-3
Are the gift cards still going out?
I still haven’t received my gift card, so that’s a little worrying.
What game is this?
From all Dallas fans, thank you Outlaws for taking the spotlight off of us again. We owe you one.
I’m pretty sure everyone knew it was Houston overpreforming.
I CAN’T BELIEVE WHAT I’M SEEING
!tmobilemvp xQc
This aged poorly. Just like Chips.
It’s the NA/KR paradox. When a team loses, it’s because they’re NA. When they win, it’s because they have players from KR.
It seems like both Seoul and Dallas burn through players like crazy.
THEN WHO WAS DOOR?
Coolmatt.
I’m here for this historic moment. Will this be SRD’s top rated thread ever?
Hasan’s mods aren’t bad folks, but they don’t do their jobs and there aren’t enough of them. He 100% needs more.
Onslaught also increases reload speed based on Rampage stacks, there’s no Feeding Frenzy.
I also liked his opinions on Camel-a
THIS IS NOT A DRILL, MANGACHU HAS BEEN SIGNED TO THE OVERWATCH LEAGUE. I REPEAT, THIS IS NOT A DRILL.
That was uncalled for.
It’s Monte. Vindictive is what he does.
Neera Tanden in the replies defending assassinating foreign political figures. Imagine my lack of surprise.
Life is political. You can’t just avoid it.
IMO meme posts like this don’t belong here.
The best thing Tony Stark did was die.
I’d agree with Stalin more if he just wasn’t so damn *tacky.*
Apparently in the book Frollo’s not really the bad guy, the villain is actually the captain of the guards (you know, the guy who gets the girl in Disney’s version).
This is the epitome of the classic Reddit “well ackshually...”
At least with no new marvel movies coming out we should have a brief respite.
It’s pretty astounding how anti-astronomy this subreddit is when it butts up against Musk.
NO STOP
FYI I am an astronomer. The Star link launches and constellation is awful for large-scale imaging surveys. It’s not stupid or ignorant to recognize the impact this will have on the field of astronomy and calling it a strawman is ridiculous.
Did this not happen?
They’re visible after astronomical dusk/before astronomical dawn when we are still able to take data because they’re in orbit and reflect light from the sun. Clouds are frustrating to deal with and have basically the same effect of wasting time on a telescope since they obscure the sky, but luckily clouds are (relatively) rare at the elevations where these telescopes are. I’m not aware of any airlines which fly over telescope observatories, but I would lump them together with meteors in that they are sufficiently rare they would not have an immense impact on astronomy. Starlink has so many satellites in its constellation they are *always* overhead so any type of wide-field long exposure is going to get contaminated near the end/beginning of the night. Cosmic rays are easily interpolated over during data reduction and their size (basically a pixel) is nowhere near comparable to a satellite trail. If Starlink was just a few satellites like Iridium’s 66 satellite constellation, astronomers would be fine with it. But starlink is putting up **12,000** satellites and have proposed 30,000 more.
What if I can’t even afford the doctor for myself?
The mice and cockroaches haunt my nightmares.
Normiesreeee69, the fastest clip in the west.
Wouldn’t you be if you had that username?
Commenting here so I can come back later thanks in advance for the cringe.
Amber.
Or “I AM LORD VOLDEMORT”
It worked okay for Seoul IIRC, but Valiant never really invested much time and effort into their b team so they got stomped pretty bad.
Traveling from the US to Canada is wayyyy different from traveling from the US to Europe or East Asia.
You can actually get better optical and near-infrared imaging from the ground with adaptive optics nowadays. Additionally look at the aperture diameter and cost of space-based telescopes then compare that with ground-based telescopes. The whole “just build more space telescopes” argument goes nowhere.
It’s not, it only dims them by about 3 magnitudes. Just 3 magnitudes is not enough.
Time is a flat circle.
You are so close to /r/selfawarewolves material.
The agenda was about the personnel.
This is exactly what I thought of.
Authoritarianism is when you protest and the more you protest the more authoritarian it is. -that guy, probably.
Something something poop sock.
Every thread, like clockwork.
Big Destiny 2 streamer. He’s been going insane doing this community puzzle thing and his community is gifting tons of subs.
It’ll be more clear if you use both hands to type.
I saw this so I upvoted it so you have to see it now too.
This isn’t bad science though.
HE DIDN’T GET AWAY WITH IT
You had me until the other commenter pointed out the name. Good lord.
Because America is the most just and free country in the world.
That was me :)
I was being sarcastic. Unfortunately it doesn’t carry through over text.
But Biden *has* talked about wanting to cut or freeze spending on social security in the past numerous times. It’s on video!
HE CAN’T KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH IT
Someone said she got like 200 more or something. Good job, LSF. You sure showed her.
I’d disagree, Glenn Beck knows exactly what he’s doing and is 100% not a good faith actor. He pushes his ideology of white supremacy very purposefully. Joe Rogan’s just a musclehead dudebro who likes listening to people (who he thinks are smart) talk. He doesn’t have any ideology. He’s just Joe Rogan.
They’re referring to moderate bougie Dems who still see illegal immigrants as subhuman.
It’s a stereotype, the type of person to go to Panera every day for breakfast and shop at J.Crew. Not super rich, but well off enough they see themselves as “middle class” and don’t associate with the poors.
Sounds like you’re exactly the demographic for the sub.
Good, so just apply the logic you used for mean commenters for police who murder and now you understand why “all cops are bastards.”
Alright, so here's what's going on. Someone posted [this image](https://i.redd.it/haxa30jog4c41.jpg) in the sub ([this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Racistswhoarefragile/comments/et0na1/someone_posted_on_rfragilewhiteredditor_with_a/)). While by itself it doesn't seem like really anything to write home about, the *context* is important. Specifically, /r/unpopularopinion frequently has *REALLY RACIST SHIT* upvoted onto the front page. So the fact that the general community of /r/unpopularopinion doesn't seem to have a problem with racism against black/hispanic/Asian/etc. people, it seems a little sus when all of a sudden they get so worked up over racism against *white* people. Almost like they're being fragile, white redditors. Basically, FWR users are calling them out as hypocrites. Your comment that "they're right" is completely ignoring the context and, quite frankly, the sort of shit that trolls typically post on the sub. If it's an honest mistake you can try making your case to the mods. However, given the amount of brigading and shit FWR deals with and how you immediately went to post several threads about how awful racism against whites is here on reddit, I can kind of see how they might see you as someone just trying to stir up shit and controversy. EDIT: Also lmao the guy who posted the image complaining about racism against white people posted [this](https://snew.notabug.io/r/unpopularopinion/comments/eb2ad7/we_should_say_niggete_when_the_nword_is_used_to/ff6i2on/?context=3). Totally not racist, nope.
Same with /r/politicalhumor, just boring lib boomer memes. Yes orange man bad, but Jesus Christ it's not because he's orange!
Do you honestly want examples of how Tucker Carlson is racist or are you here to whine about censorship?
[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umRRGXS2LG4) are some racist statements by Tucker. [Here](https://twitter.com/ndrew_lawrence/status/1158896220309512192) is Tucker saying white supremacy isn't a real problem in America and a hoax. [Here](https://www.mediamatters.org/tucker-carlson/tucker-carlson-democrats-want-demographic-replacement-flood-illegals-create-flood?redirect_source=/video/2017/12/20/tucker-carlson-democrats-want-demographic-replacement-flood-illegals-create-flood-voters-them/218922) and [here](https://www.mediamatters.org/tucker-carlson/foxs-tucker-carlson-rants-about-invasion-refugees-are-changing-europes-demographics?redirect_source=/video/2017/04/17/foxs-tucker-carlson-rants-about-invasion-refugees-are-changing-europe-s-demographics/216055) are Tucker pushing the "great replacement" conspiracy theory. [Here](https://www.mediamatters.org/tucker-carlson/tucker-carlson-fearmongers-about-id-cards-given-immigrants-foreign-citizens-will-be?redirect_source=/video/2018/02/28/tucker-carlson-fearmongers-about-id-cards-given-immigrants-foreign-citizens-will-be-electing-our/219527) and [here](https://www.mediamatters.org/tucker-carlson/tucker-carlson-conspiracy-theory-democrats-encouraging-non-citizens-vote-win?redirect_source=/video/2018/03/07/tucker-carlson-conspiracy-theory-democrats-encouraging-non-citizens-vote-win-elections/219579) are Tucker presenting racist anti-immigrant lies about how foreigners are taking over American elections. [Here](https://www.mediamatters.org/tucker-carlson/tucker-carlson-guest-defends-white-supremacists-and-claims-hispanics-arizona?redirect_source=/video/2018/01/18/tucker-carlson-guest-defends-white-supremacists-and-claims-hispanics-arizona-represent-end-american/219106) a guest on Tucker's show talking about how white supremacists are American citizens and it's illegal immigrants that are actually the problem (with absolutely NO pushback from Carlson). This was after just a couple minutes of googling. He's got a problem with pushing a lot of xenophobic, anti-immigrant, anti-poor, and frankly pretty racist views.
Look, I'm not the one who has some problem with Panera. J Crew is a big clothing retailer which is generally a good indicator of how "good" they are (hint: [not great](https://goodonyou.eco/how-ethical-is-j-crew/)) but you know what they say about ethical consumption under capitalism and yadda yadda yadda. I'm just trying to translate what the above person said: CAP didn't want to talk about immigration in the midterms because they were worried that it would scare off the nonpolitical moderate center-lefts. Also lol @ complaining about "fashion bigotry" in a discussion about how CAP didn't want to talk about *concentration camps run by ICE on American soil.*
Not even the fact that the person who posted the thread said [this](https://snew.notabug.io/r/unpopularopinion/comments/eb2ad7/we_should_say_niggete_when_the_nword_is_used_to/ff6i2on/?context=3)?
Do you think jokes can or cannot be racist?
Do you think it's possible for jokes to be racist? Or are jokes immune to racism?
If someone with gender dysphoria told me they were not the gender they were assigned at birth, what gives me any right to dictate their decision for how to live life? I'm also more likely to trust the advice of medical professionals, but I'm not the one making the decision. Severe depression and suicidal ideation is completely different from gender dysphoria. Conflating the two is not only a false equivalence, it's pretty disrespectful from people who suffer from one or the other.
Oh fuck you got me
Grandma supports a dictatorship of the proletariat.
It’s practically all you could find on Amazon in the crack cases section.
I’ve noticed that there’s been a lot of sinophobia in specific lately. Like racism directed at actual Chinese people.
Lou Dobbs’ hair is so fucking awful. Why would you think that’s a good idea? Also he’s a lizard person and human scum, but that’s besides the point.
Done it once. Never again.
Congrats on knocking down that strawman.
Have you ever tried, you know, not being occupied?
What one time?
Classically, an electrical point charge does not interact with its own electric field. Similarly, a point mass does not interact with its own gravitational field.
Python is a necessity for daily life. I’m a grad student.
Did he really get ratiod for that? That reads like the type of means-absolutely-nothing sentence I’d expect to read in a high school essay.
I remember being told, “wait for the other side of the story before you side with the players against the org.” I didn’t expect the other side of the story to make the org look even worse.
Look I know you may think you black people may be having a hard time right now, but a guy called me a cracker on the internet and I think we really gotta stay focused on these issues.
I certainly hope people can tell the difference between a professional, trained, armed force with a chain of command which is regularly overly violent with the people it’s supposed to be “protecting and serving” while subject to virtually no accountability and an unorganized group of protesters who are protesting said violence.
There is a legitimate concern because “antifa” isn’t a real group and Barr used the term interchangeably with “left wing activism.” If you can get charged with domestic terrorism for being a member of a group that you’re not a member of, I think that’s cause for concern.
From the page on desktop: &gt;If you aren't getting involved in the community like this guy youre part of the problem https://i.imgur.com/0yEurxi.png &gt;Dont modmail its blackout tuesday
To be fair, the cop was peacefully pointing their weapon at an innocent bystander until the violent antifa terrorist came along to move it. Maybe instead of trying to protect the journalist, that thug should have gone and voted!
For context, the [official Reddit twitter made a post about their opposition to racism](https://twitter.com/reddit/status/1267643352851247106). People aren't really buying it. Can't imagine why. ^/s
Honestly having trouble putting two and two together here. Google is only pointing me to a YouTube film critic or something.
I’d put /r/hockey above the NFL sub just because of how intensely white hockey is as a sport.
Not really for the same reasons, though.
I might just be a little paranoid, but with the current state of government and private surveillance I’d be careful about sharing personal, potentially identifying info on social media.
Fuck you I love mods. Those posters had it coming.
I wear my thin wooden line shirt PROUDLY.
Jon Schaffer writes great music but as a human being... well, I’ve heard some not-so-great stories about him and he does wear that confederate flag bandanna.
And yet if a logger cuts down a tree and it falls on and hits a person, he gets punished. When a policeman shoots and kills an unarmed black man, he gets a paid vacation.
People use “it’s a hard/dangerous job” to explain away police unaccountability, violence, and extreme militarization. I’ve never had Dominos delivery come in an MRAP then the driver ends up shooting my dog because he feared for his life.
Unfortunately r/CTH isn’t cool enough to actually do this. Seems like a troll. Wish it was true though.
You also have a lot of folks denying the underlying class issue driving BLM and the protests. It’s not exactly a coincidence that there’s a massive disparity between the socioeconomic conditions of white people and black people, but according to moderate liberals the problem can be solved with sensitivity training for the police and shooting suspects in the legs instead of the heart.
Imagine being on an RPG design subreddit and defending Varg. Not only is Varg a racist piece of shit, [his RPG](https://www.metalsucks.net/2015/08/21/advanced-discrimination-dragons-critical-look-varg-vikernes-myfarog-rpg/) is a great example of how *not* to design a tabletop RPG.
Metal fans are very frustrating when it comes to recognizing the undercurrents of racism in the scene, even when some bands really go mask off. “Separate the art from the artist” works to an extent, but when the art is also messaging about the virtues of European Culture™ and how the black and brown savages need to be cleansed from the earth, what’s there to separate?
The hilarious (or depressing) part about this is how it will basically change nothing.
Why did you make me do this.
I don't know about that one, chief. We're all pretty bad about memory-holing the sins of our nations' past.
ABAB
Do you ever wonder *why* no girls wanna fuck you?
Is that one of the classes police have to take?
Imagine being so bad even GC considers canceling you.
It’s the exact sort of meaningless performative “I see you, I hear you, you’re valid” motion I expected Reddit to make while still profiting from hosting incredibly racist communities.
There’s a reason modern left wing movements in the US are decentralized without figureheads. Look at what has happened to those figureheads in the past.
This post is chock full of handwringing over how people wish they could just support BLM but they’ve got *such* bad optics and why couldn’t they get a more charismatic speaker to represent them like MLK.
While the FBI has cleared themselves of any wrongdoing, there’s a lot of questions about the deaths of Malcom X and MLK. Even as recently as a few years ago, there have been several [suspicious deaths](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/puzzling-number-men-tied-ferguson-protests-have-died-n984261) in and around Ferguson following the protests. Again, since the police are the ones investigating, we will probably never know. But there is a very real reason why activists are scared of putting too much spotlight on themselves.
This sub and /r/circlebroke2 sorta switched places.
I feel my brain growing.
&gt; -Do you agree trans people deserve basic human rights? I dunno, sounds a little too political for me.
All cops are babies. NYPD shrieks about how much Bill deBlasio is trying to march every officer to the gallows yet he had nothing but kind words for them after they *doxxed his daughter.*
Exactly. I haven’t seen teachers’ unions closing ranks around teachers who sexually abuse children.
God could you imagine? What a crazy world that would be. Anyway, that guy better get to drinking his urine after a bald dude in flannel thought a Run the Jewels album was an 8/10.
Yep, so you’d *think* it would be easier to convict him.
Yep, it’s not a coincidence that Chris Dorner, a veteran ex-cop, targeted LAPD officers after he observed his partner allegedly beating a black man. It’s not a coincidence a black vet opened fire on police officers in Dallas Texas in 2016 after several prominent instances of police shooting unarmed black men. It’s not a coincidence that when police crack down on poor, poc, and/or black people, the people crack back.
I believe at most 0% of the posts on the CHAZ subreddit.
I agree. At first I thought that police shouldn’t be able to extrajudicially execute black people, but then my evening was inconvenienced. Fire away, officers! ^/s
At the very least Snappy seems to be sentient.
There are some iffy posts but for the most part it’s a fun sub and I like it.
Armchair activism is what this sub does.
Life, liberty, and the pursuit of crankin’ it.
As long as Gab is a thing, Reddit’s safe from being the *worst.*
stop_dont_come_back.gif
Dunno, looks like a troll even back then. https://www.reddit.com/r/ApplyingToCollege/comments/b7ybiw/tired_of_people_thinking_certain_schools_are/
Same. I believe I am uniquely qualified in that I play magic and don’t grope women.
Cuz Facebook.
But *Facebook*. When you've got tens of millions of dollars, you can invest it and basically be set for life. Sure, you could go to Facebook and make more, but at that point it's kind of diminishing returns, no?
That's a pretty good question. If I had to guess, it's probably a community issue. Facebook gaming is like a subset of Facebook and you have to use your real name and it links to your real profile. Mixer is more Twitch-like in that it's pretty self-contained. On Facebook, you're Andrew Anderson who works at Safeway, posts pictures of your new dog, and comments on some video game streams. On Mixer/Twitch you're dopelord129 who's subbed to a few streamers and that's it. You get to isolate that part of your life.
You should ask his opinion about current events there sometime. He's got interesting takes on Portugal.
Yeah cuz they use it to buy MRAPs instead. Social services get cut and the police get funding increases. That’s how police militarization and overfunding are related.
Imagine being.
Considering the timing, that does not bode well.
Slight correction, the “freedom fighters” we armed and trained in the Russo-Afghan war later became the Taliban and Al Qaeda. The ”freedom fighters” we armed and trained during the 2000s occupation of Iraq later became ISIS.
The Fedator
More like Noah Badly.
Ever see Memento?
No it's okay, I forgive him. Everything's fine now. EDIT: /s
Yes.
The admins basically just banned CTH so they could say that it wasn’t a partisan decision, similar to how George W. Bush had to include North Korea in the “Axis of Evil” with Iran and Iraq so he could say that it wasn’t just an anti-Muslim thing (it was).
Left wing destroyed
