Not delivery, discovery, i.e. a place to find restaurants and search menus.
Plan to mere bhi hain crorepati banne ke par main yahin hila kar baitha hun Implement karein to kuch baat hai, warna sab bakwaas hai
Heck half the people would just do it because its Mick fucking Jagger
Styris is a riot
If tomorrow I hike the price of Maggi to Rs 100 from Rs 10, then bring it down to Rs 90, it's still unaffordable Property prices dropping make little sense because they were astronomically inflated anyway New apartments in sector 108 in Gurgaon in the middle of fucking nowhere are 1.5-2cr. there is no value in that
Dugout is the best way to listen to commentary
Imran Tahir is still the fastest man on the pitch at 41, but only after he takes a wicket 😂
DAE hate popular things?
Put your fun money into alternate investments like BTC. No more than 10% of your portfolio
We still haven't found his replacement. One of those players who you can never evaluate by their stats alone. He often got out early when he wasn't really needed. But when he was needed, he showed up and hit sixes at will.
They're doing essentially nothing. Unless your website has 1000s of pages, you don't need all the technical services/monitoring you paid for. If they aren't creating content and/or building backlinks/improving on-page SEO, they're not really doing SEO. They're doing bullshit work
There are some loopholes that are hard to catch - like paid links. Then there are loopholes like this that are stunningly easy to implement. Google as such caches every page. How hard can it be to compare the cached page when the page was first published vs the date it was "updated" to see whether the content was actually updated or not?
He's honestly "decent looking dude", not "movie star good looking". That would be Brad Pitt
BC pahaad to Age of Empires mein bhi nahin toote the
Still makes me laugh all these years later. A good meme is like a good marriage
Truly a turd world country
I've been tempted to buy it simply because it looks more athletic. Like I can't imagine just lounging around in those things, while I wear my regular gym pants around the house.
Not sure if stupid or sarcastic
Uncles are the bane of Indian existence
My friend and his entire family did. All the way from Singapore. Spent thousands of pounds. He even tried to persuade me to come and I was almost about to spring for the tickets. But then I found a great deal on a flight to Russia and I'm writing this from St Petersburg (gorgeous city btw) while he is absolutely heartbroken
They've got these self order kiosks abroad and they're a lifesaver. Everything is transparent and you can order at your own pace.
Man when India won that cup, the way Delhi turned out that night was absolutely magical. I'll never forget that all my life Hope you get to experience that in your lifetime too
Football matches are just 90 minutes. Even if its an uncompetitive drab, it's over quickly. A boring ODI lasts for 9 hours
How is that a thing? Like why does anyone even put money in the bank?
Best world cup ever lads. Edge of the seat excitement. Cricket is surely on its way to become the world's most popular sport Can't wait for a 200 team cricket world cup 2023
Deep and original
Tso pretty
I mean getting into an IITian makes things easier in life, but it's not the only way to be successful.
I freelance for American clients as a marketer. All work over email. Also run a website that brings in enough money by itself to sustain a very comfortable upper middle class life.
OP beer as your first drink will make you hate everything Have a mojito. It tastes like shikanji
I've traveled to countries poorer than India but the level of jaahilpan us northies have is hard to match
Kohli is a good captain for the single reason that he is more than willing to hear out better strategists - Dhoni and Rohit
I try to think that all Indian and Pakistani players are rational and approach the game as just a game, but then you see Hasan Ali pull shit like this and you just feel that it wouldn't be so bad if India beat the shit out of him (metaphorically). 10/10 cringe
Virat Kohli said that the first thing he'll have after retiring is chole bhature. The Delhi lad gave up chole bhature for the game Sarfraz looks like he eats chole bhature exclusively
Another big reason is IPL. Before IPL, you had young people coming into the side who had no idea what playing in big matches was like (first class games have little interest or crowds), little financial security, and little exposure to truly world class coaching and conditioning. We've now seen one generation of players mature through the IPL. These players, by the time they make it to the Indian side, already have a few years of IPL experience. They know by now what it's like to play in packed stadiums with hungry fans. They're financially secure even before they play for India. They have access to world class coaching (you wouldn't have Ponting AND Ganguly in your dressing playing for Delhi ranji team). Most importantly, they're used to the demands of playing at a certain level. The next generation of young Indian cricketers who grew up in the IPL are going to be extremely competitive
This world cup really hasn't built any momentum. Even yesterday's match with its rain interruptions never felt like it was building to something
Barring some awful form, it was clear that India, England and Australia would always make it to the semis. Only the 4th spot was up for debate
ODI averages have changed a lot in the last two decades. It's not a good metric to judge players from two different eras. The format has changed a lot, especially batting
All this shit over 23000. Probably what this cunt spends on one night out. Fuck him
It's a world cup. They always show up
Shakib is the world's most underrated player. Everyone has been talking about Warner and Rohit and Kohli and Buttler but Shakib has quietly had an absolutely fantastic world cup
I like this reporter
Gutsy lad, good Hindi, would be a fit in Ravish's team
This video was uploaded by the tiger after he ate OP
How does that even happen? Like a country that produced so many of the world's greatest artists and intellectuals turn out like that? Surely there must be people proud of their national heritage?
Tbh if something goes wrong in India and I'm with a girl, all I do is get scared and fear for her safety
I've walked alone with my wife in cities as varied as Bukhara and Singapore and never felt even remotely as unsafe as I felt in Gurgaon or Noida India ranks very poorly when it comes to women's safety in public, especially after dark
I see you there, Lord Vinay
Which is why the definition of content has to change. For years, SEOs have equated content with articles and at most, videos. But tools, full-fledged software, PR campaigns - these are all content too, and give you a far better chance of winning in tough industries. In one niche I'm targeting, I made a rudimentary downloadable spreadsheet to automate an otherwise tedious function. I've collected over 1500 emails from this one spreadsheet and earned nearly 50 links. All through "content" that no one else in the industry wants to create
The godforsaken parts of USA don't house the majority of it's people. Chennai and Bangalore and Mumbai house a tiny minority of India (and you're kidding if you say that you can walk through Bangalore at 2AM with a girl and feel 100% comfortable)
Everything is true somewhere in the world What matters is the degree.
Best part: food, family, the feeling that you're connected to the global culture and not isolated Worst part: Extreme poverty and destitution, safety, and crappy state of public infrastructure, cleanliness (or lack thereof) I'm writing this from Uzbekistan and this country is behind India on every economic indicator. Yet there is no extreme destitution and poverty as I've seen in India. People are poorer than Indians on average, but there is also no extreme "children begging on the streets" poverty that you see everyday in Indian big cities
&gt; there will be 100 more lining up to replace you Will there? I can understand that entry level workers are expendable, but highly skilled engineers and experienced managers are hard to replace. In fact, most of my friends who try to switch are immediately given counter-offers by their employers for higher salaries, which shows that they're not easily replaceable. Yet the same people work 10-12 hours, even weekends because somehow we've just accepted that as the norm
It's not a popular thought, but government doctors are some of India's unrecognized heroes. Some of the best doctors in the country work in government institutions even when they can get much, much higher salaries in private hospitals. Yet they continue to work in awful conditions because of a sense of duty. Of course there are scumbags and morons who know nothing, but there are also a lot of extremely skilled doctors who stick to the system because they genuinely care about the poorest and weakest of society
With Jet out of commission, Indians are often forced to chose this tatti airline
Most airports I've been to require that you have a ticket to enter the main area
Its more than the NSFL stories. It's the stories of extreme poverty and abandonment. A friend who recently became a doctor told me about this old man who was abandoned by his family at the hospital. Had just 30 rupees in his pocket. My friend would buy him food every day and eventually arranged for him to stay in some ashram. Just heartbreaking stuff all around
people in the comments saying that there should be work from home after 7pm to curb these incidents just goes to show that we'd rather fuck our lives than demand more from our governments
Kudos to her but everyone feeling bad after looking at her achievements, don't. You're basically looking at a child prodigy with extremely high IQ. Comparing yourself to her is like comparing your batting to Sachin's. They're gifted individuals
I disagree. It takes a lot of time and resources to find competent people. Curbing attrition rate is a massive issue for most companies. Institutional knowledge and connections are hard to build as well. If someone has 5+ years in a company, getting someone who has the same knowledge of the company's systems can be a massive challenge
My grandfather used to bitch about overpopulation but had 6 kids. My father bitches about overpopulation but had 3 kids. I'm like, you guys are the reason we have overpopulation in the first place.
Same with Delhi. All these houses in south Delhi literally have one ageing couple living on the ground floor while the rest of the floors sit empty. So many houses in my locality are sitting empty because the owners are old and don't need the money but also won't rent/sell below the arbitrarily decided "market price"
Look at Mr Moneybags here :p
Isme log kurkure ke packet phenkte honge, pakka se
Can't do it. We have to stop illegal lingerie mannequins first
I mean most cities in the world don't have mass shootings (barring terrorist attacks, which we've also had aplenty). That's an entirely US phenomenon
NYC does have a fantastic arts scene. Really the best place in the world for theater, museums, art, etc. Not the cleanest or friendliest of cities but being in NYC at least gives you exposure to the best in the world.
I've thought of moving out too, but whenever I travel abroad for over a week, I miss India way too much. I miss speaking in Hindi, miss the food, and most importantly, miss the anonymity
Most of it was just callousness and ignorance. My grandfather's eldest son was already 19 when his youngest was born. No sudden disease was going to eradicate his lineage - he had multiple kids over 10 years of age by then. I can understand wanting more children if you think they aren't going to survive, but plenty of people in that generation had a gap of 15-20 years between the eldest and youngest child.
Lmao sources are still too accurate. The media now quotes "people familiar with xyz's thinking say"
Unpopular opinion but Stokes' wasn't a good catch; it was great athleticism A great catch is when you turn a no chance or half chance into a wicket Stokes misjudged an easy chance and corrected it with his athleticism. That would have been a wicket for anyone if they hadn't misjudged things Great athleticism, not a great catch by itself
Walking is a bullshit thing. Umpires exist for a reason. If we're all going to play in good faith then why have umpires at all? Applaud people who walk, but don't shame people who don't. It's not some backyard game; it's a world cup
Morons voting for celebrities deserve their shitty governments
Booking airline tickets is really a harrowing experience. Here's pro tip though: use Skyscanner to search for tickets. Then use one of their recommended portals like Travelgenio. These are far less scummy than mainstream sites
And the way he smiles after that!
When he says "on your left" Goosebumps
I hated that episode. Shaq was being a bully throughout. His best interviews are with chefs. Ramsay was brilliant, as was Alton Brown
Gotta say, Banglabros are giving this a proper fight. They're imo the 5th best team in the world right now after NZ Aus Eng and India
That Maxi cameo is going to be the difference. 32 from 10 is massive in this game's context
Brave man OP for even daring to shit in an Indian train This is right at the top of my NOPE list
Also pro tip OP: don't use the same bottle for drinking water :D
The left one knows what's up
Samsonite luggage is pricey but so much better than anything on the market Nike's products haven't let me down so far Decathlon is great. I shop all my travel gear from there. For t shirts, look up 'next' brand on myntra/jabong/nnnnow. They're a british brand that makes basic designs. Great quality that lasts, and relatively affordable too. FabIndia had become shit but they've gone back to their old standards. Their clothes now last me years. For shoes, look at next and Clarks. If you have the cash, splurge on some Timberlands. They'll last you half a lifetime Wildcraft is also really good
Maybe because I wasn't in India the last 15 days, but this has been one of the dullest world cups in my lifetime
IPL is unironically more fun than this world cup
Nike makes some great lightweight jackets. Decathlon too. You can roll them up into a pack the size of large apple, and they'll keep you warm in 5C cold. Also for home shoes, get old school Crocs. They're comfy as hell and last forever
Minimum wage is also much higher at like $18/hour so that evens things out.
Soles wearing out is fine. Just get them replaced at local cobbler. The top part is the actual "shoe" actually and what companies truly charge for.
Imagine actually believing government promises
I was looking to get this. Does it get hot? There is no AC in my computer room
Truly honest opinion? 50 over games are going to die. You can try all you want to revive interest, but fact is, it's a 8-9 hour long even where for extended periods of time, nothing happens. It's boring. Yes, some close games are fun, but as this world cup has shown us, close games are one in ten. 50 over format is stuck in the middle, right in the meaty part of irrelevance. It doesn't have the prestige of tests nor the entertainment value of T20s. I would mourn the end of 50 over games but you also have to be pragmatic about the format
Shastri was less a commentator and more a WWE ring announcer. Shit for insight, great for building hype
You can't
More than the gear, it's the pitch that makes the game so inaccesible. So much depends on the pitch and even experienced international cricketers misread it. Preparing a good pitch requires a phenomenal amount of skill and experience. If you want to play serious, international tier cricket, you need a ton of skill, experience and resources Whereas playing international tier football just requires a ground, a ball, and a willingness to fall down at the lightest of tackles
Anyone who wants to emigrate should know that you will always be a second class citizen abroad
Good effort OP. But why not use the eraser? There are no artistic points for not using the tools given to you. A Van Gogh painting wouldn't become better if he didn't use, say, quality brushes
I used to think Yogi 2024 was a meme but the sheer incompetence of the opposition means it's almost a certainty by now
There are very few "hard" atheists in India, i.e. people who refuse to participate in any religious thing. Even serious atheists and agnostics will participate in ceremonial religious things like Diwali puja, simply because India's family oriented life means they don't want to hurt their family's sentiments
What the fuck is "digital marketing"? Anyone selling you that dream is a con because this isn't 1999 and digital marketing is way too vast a field to do a course on. You can spend a decade just figuring out SEO or social media Ditch this and specialize in one aspect of digital marketing. Pick inbound marketing or social media marketing since these have a lot of demand right now
That's a little misleading. India losing to Australia 2-3 means that they won twice already. The world cup win isn't an anomaly. It would have been an anomaly if India had lost 0-5 to Australia
England are going to choke against Australia, as is customary. KulCha is going to spin a web around England's batting order. I really doubt England will qualify for semis. Losing to two poor teams - SL and Pak - shows that they're far from the powerhouse everyone thought they were
But India's lower middle order has been in some good form, especially Pandya and Dhenier
I was talking about KL's long rope in tests. In fact he's played more matches than Rohit and has a lower average than him in tests
I was talking about KL's long rope in tests. In fact he's played more matches than Rohit and has a lower average than him in tests
I'm just saying that KL's case shows India gives a long rope to players it considers specially talented, and that it's not just Mumbai lobby behind Rohit's long rope
My parents aren't particularly religious and I would consider myself an agnostic at best. The only religious thing I do the entire year is visit home for Diwali and do the puja. My parents aren't into it big time so the whole thing lasts barely 10 minutes. I can probably refuse to participate but then I think - why give them grief for 10 minutes?
I was in Russia last week for a vacation. To tell you the truth, this hardly looked like a country that was economically depressed. Granted, I was in Moscow and St Petersburg, their economic and cultural centers. But the sheer number of babies I saw there, the amount of joy and life in St Petersburg's streets, gave me some indication that this isn't exactly the poor despotic state I've been told it was.
My family makes dal baati choorma on Diwali and no Richard Dawkins can yank me away from that
My uncle was sent to Australia by his company for a business trip. When he came back, I asked him how it went. He said it was great, except the Australians have an annoying habit of calling him "Mike" when his name is Manoj. It took me a while to understand that they were calling him "mate"
Was going to say there same thing 😂
Part of me wants Shankar to get out so I can see Virat and Dhoni run together. They're just a delight to watch between the wicket
This is why I hate coming to this place when Dhoni is batting. They all want him to hit at 100 SR when there is only Pandya to come in next
Unleash the fuccboi
a finisher's job is to finish the match, not just score fast. a wicket at that time would have exposed the tail
And this, kids, is why Dhoni played slow The next batsman after him is a power hitter, not a someone you can rely on to play 20 overs
Was that even up for debate? This has happened countless times when everyone on both sides shat the bed while batting but Kohli looked 100% comfortable
This forum is generally filled with a shit ton of haters Like the irrational hate for SanjuManju. He's a bad commentator but the way people whine about him makes it sound as if he is the greatest crime against humanity after the holocaust
to be fair to Dhoni, his approach comes off about 80% of the time. we just remember the 20% of the times it doesn't. Like everyone has forgotten how the same approach bailed us out multiple times in the ODI series in Australia recently
As the tournament progresses, it looks like Australia will lift this again. Warner is in some phenomenal form and with Smith back, their middle order looks so much stronger Fucking kill me if Australia get a 6th cup
0 * Infinity is still 0
How the hell does a tiny nation like NZ where cricket is like a third tier sport produce two batsmen of the caliber of Ross and Kane?
Kya bc kam se kam khud ke banaye hue khaane ki photo to daal Restaurant ke khaane ku photo ke liye Instagram hai
They only wanted to use Shankar's 2 dimensions today
This is honestly how I expected Afghanistan's world cup to go. Give top teams a scare, win a couple against the lower ranked teams. Hopefully they have some more juice in the tank to pull off an upset or two
Remember the name
Two ducks and three 1s in that lineup. You can't really chase 292 with that kind of batting performance
I'm glad I stayed up for that one. Heartbroken for Brathwaite though. Dude was a beast
SL's shit run rate makes it very difficult
If Morgan Freeman retires, Michael Holding should take his spot narrating movies
He has a big head which makes his shoulders appear narrower and hence, makes him look small Finch has a barrel chest which makes his shoulders wider and thus, makes him appear taller
Tbh Virat has like 10% bodyfat. A normal office going dude at his height would weight around 75-80kgs with 20-25% bodyfat
The beards don't help. They just add weight to the face and make it look larger. Especially in Kane's case
because if you write days gone, without the caps, it just sounds like some shitty grammar
Kohli is like some Pokemon when he is on the field. Almost like a satirical rendition of an overenthusiastic captain
Scenes if India reach the final and Kohli misses it
I can't remember the video, but there is a channel that reviewed the ability of different cars and different car parts to stop bullets. The less was to stay behind the front of the car where the engine is. The engine stops all bullets easily
Ancient Solutions Offer Ancient Problems
I love them and their affection but man, Indian aunties, including my mom, are some of the most gullible people on the planet
How did SA become so shit all of a sudden? Something seems completely off about their side Doesn't help that Markram is a meme and Miller is coasting on his reputation
More than religious extremism, India's biggest problem in the next two decades will be climate change led environmental issues.
It's also a little ingenuous to compare Milosevic, who would openly demonize other ethnicities, with Modi. I have no love for the man but let's be a little honest - Modi hasn't openly ever courted hatred for muslims in his speeches.
I think I know who you're talking about :)
I was in Uzbekistan recently and I was surprised by how happy people there were to see Indians. Multiple people literally stopped us, asked if we were Indians, and when we confirmed, they asked to take pictures with us. India has a lot of goodwill in the region, for whatever reasons it might be.
I mean I was with my wife and most of the people happy to see us were entire families
There's an e-visa now for $20/person
Sarfraz has nowhere near the charisma of Imran Khan though
Did they literally just ask him to dance outside his house?
The food is nice, but plav isn't to my taste (too sweet). The people are, indeed, very warm and friendly. The country has also opened up a great deal after the death of the former president. They've made tourism a top priority so you basically get the red carpet treatment as a tourist. It's also dirt cheap at the moment. I'd say go now because in 5 years it will look like any commercial tourist center
Now that you mention sex tourism, I did see a ton of Indian uncles at the airport. I didn't any of these uncle groups at any of the tourist sites
Serious question: how do you travel to Antarctica?
Haven't watched the game. Has Rashid bowled poorly or has he been unlucky to not pick wickets?
I reckon they got Walmart stock in the sale. Walmart stock is up nearly 50% in the last one year. I'm assuming that he held onto the stock in hopes of cashing out at a high (which would be about now)
Why can't players just read the subtitles and answer?!? /s In all seriousness, players should just say fuck it and answer in whichever language they want. Screw this neo-colonial attitude.
Too little. Make drunk driving a jailable offense after 1st incident
Shakib should go down in history as Bangladesh' Richard Hadlee. A truly world-class player in a team that doesn't necessarily have similar level of talent
Teenagers crack suicide jokes 50 year olds don't
I've honestly never seen any five star hotel in Delhi even nearly empty. Five star resorts, yes, but not any five star in any big city
My wife looks at me like that all the time, but 90% of the time, she is just entertained the hell out of my stupid ass antics
Personally for me, it's ODI world cup &gt; India - SA/Eng/Aus test series &gt; IPL &gt; T20 world cup &gt; Champions Trophy
&gt; Change it violently. Which is what makes it revolutionary, not jingoistic. Jingoism would be saying that India is perfect as it is.
I've traveled through countries poorer than India and with even higher population density than us, but I gotta tell you, I've never seen anything as filthy as the average Indian city Heck, even an airplane after a flight filled with Indian people looks like hell
Turnover is not profit Between the cost of the retail space, bribes, wages, raw ingredients, how much do you think he is pulling in as profit?
&gt; What changed drastically overnight in RDB? Kids who didn't give a shit literally turned into deshbhakts over the course of a few eeks &gt; is that evolutionary or revolutionary - for the villagers? Would have been revolutionary if they had never known electricity. But they went from shitty artificial light to non-shitty artificial light. That's, by all means, evolutionary Again, revolution is a word that's thrown around a lot in casual conversation, but if you're going to use it to critique anything, you should know what it actually means, not what Times of India tells you it means
Bhai if he isn't paying for retail space, he is paying money to the cops to park his cart Nothing comes for frew
Why the fuck is everyone here so salty? This guy must literally be the first one in generations of his family to make money. No one from a well-off or educated family becomes a kachori wala Appreciate that someone from a poor background managed to lift himself and his family out of poverty
Bahut frustration hai bhaya
Praise Ambani, pillory kachori walas You have your priorities right
I was promised 500 runs this world cup. They never said it would be over two innings
No way this team is beating India and NZ Semi final spot is back on the menu boys
It's not like this guy doesn't get taxed at all. Rich or poor, everyone pays indirect taxes. I'm just saying that if you're going to get your pitchforks out and burn the rich, start with the real fat cats, not the small fish
From the wiki entry: &gt; Cronje had offered him $15,000 to score less than 20 runs in the 5th ODI at Nagpur Man that's like 10,00,000 INR. So little to lose your career over.
All young people in India need to take a long hard look at their lives. So many I know fall into the trap of "Instagrammizing" their lives. They want to take vacations, eat out, party just like their peers on Instagram But so many of them have mediocre careers, not a whole lot of ambition, and no inheritance. Yet they try to keep up with people who have money
I was in Uzbekistan a little while ago. It's cooler than it is in India right now (43C in Delhi), but damn the sun there just doesn't fucking go down and it's absolute hell. It's sunny at 8pm wtf. And the sun is right in your eyes. At least in India, I don't have to deal with a godawful glaring sun after 6pm
5 acres is small for a farm tbh
I was in St Petersburg before that and the damn sun was out till like 11
Absolutely stunning shot
Sun has a pretty respectable record though. It's also not in any of the shady industries like liquor, realty, jewellery
I feel this game is pivotal. If Pakistan win this, they'll carry the momentum to the semi-final, and possibly even the world cup victory
Imagine an India-Pakistan world cup final
tbh being that large makes you a liability on a battle field, especially in olden times. Great in hand to hand combat, but you'd be too slow on a horse.
Reckon NZ can push 225 from here?
lmao that would be awesome
I understand what average means. That's just what the stats say But 442 acres is par for the course for a single owned American farm. Farm land is dirt cheap
This is where 30 year olds spend 3 months with each other then tell everyone on Instagram that they met their soul mate
Is there Uber in Pakistan?
Does it get a lot of use or more of a niche service?
The question you should be asking is: what can Williamson NOT to do?
If they had won by 7 wickets, the similarities would have been spoopy as shit
I've been to Brazil and I'll say that Indians aren't nearly as crazy about cricket as Brazilians are about football.
Police in India exists just to harass poor people
The best is when they drive Wagon Rs with a "bad boy" sticker on the back
Gujjar is what you get when you take a Jaat and reduce his IQ by 20 points
If England win even one match, they're through, right? Though England beating India or NZ sounds tougher than Pakistan beating both Bangbros and Afghanistan
Not gonna lie that entire thing is spooky as shit
Yeah, a guy I used to literally tutor maths managed to get a crappy degree from Canada. But because Canadian/American degrees are highly valued by Singapore banks, got a banking job in Singapore and now makes shit ton of money, takes 2-3 vacations abroad every year. I'm happy for him but man, I just feel like I made some dumb decisions
OP I went to Uzbekistan recently with my wife and even the hotel receptionist and owner asked us why we don't have kids yet So whatever you think is bad, can always be worse!
serves them right for being poor /s
smh loser people who couldn't even be born rich
Dunno man, but they seem more financially secure and look physically healthier at least. I've seen friends who went abroad for even 6 months come back with better bodies, better hair and far better skin.
Yeah honestly if I know it's a genuine team bhp sticker, I actually feel safer knowing that the driver would be responsible
It all depends on the kind of lifestyle they lead, but man - woman - the people I know somehow find time to hike, travel frequently within the country, visit museums, participate in sports, etc. Whereas most of my friends here work from 10am to 10pm and spend 3 hours/day just commuting.
I'm going to charge anyone who asks me about kids Rs. 100 for my future kids' education
That picture doing the rounds of Sarfraz with an ice cream kinda underscored that lack of professionalism. Virat Kohli would probably not be caught dead with ice cream a day before a huge game
Are you saying that there's going to be Prime Minster Pietersen in 30 years?
which is why I said that :)
A little meh But they love Indian people there. I was literally stopped thrice and asked to take selfies with them.
What, aren't you always guessing when Dhoni is batting? Will it be a nudge for 0 or a block for 0? You never know
Damn without Bhuvi, India's batting lineup looks incredibly weak. There is literally just the tail after no. 7
I can't defend Dhoni but man, if Dhoni gets out, Pandya literally has just the tail to play with More than Dhoni, India needs to fix their awfully long tail. None of the last 4 can be counted on to score even 10 runs
Bro, but if he gets out, the next bat is Shami. Shami coming in the 35th over means India gets all out by over 38
I hope Bumrah becomes a huge star and the future generation of cricketers all want to be fast bowlers, not just batsmen
India needs a bad match before the semis. Get it out of the system
That was an off game, not a disastrous one
I think Dhoni's batting is really affected by the long tail. If he comes in at over 30, he has to bat out 20 overs and the only batsman after him is Pandya. The rest 4 can't even bat for 5 overs His approach has always been to take it to the last over. If he doesn't preserve his wicket, the tail is exposed. Keep in mind that Dhoni's approach has always been to minimize risk
Balls are scared of his jaw
The thing is, Dhoni's batting is frustrating to watch, but we lose very few games where he does bat through the innings. As slow as he might be, he usually manages to get us a par score that we can defend Would it be more fun if he hit more and India scored 300 in this match? Sure. But if there is a 70% chance you can tuk tuk to 250 (which you can defend), and a 90% chance you will collapse chasing 300, you would take the slower strike rate
No Dhoni: 20% chance we score 300. 60% chance we collapse to 210 in the 42nd over With Dhoni: 100% chance we bat out 50 overs. Whatever score we get then we defend
It's scary how easy it would be to scan Indian people. So many of them have had zero internet safety training
I'd gone to Russia for a vacation. Uzbekistan is a direct flight from St Petersburg, and there's a direct flight from Tashkent to Delhi. I really wanted to see a former Soviet country that was not Russia so added Uzbekistan to my itinerary It's a weird country for sure. Like it's dirt poor but you still won't see any bikes on the road because motorcycles are banned for some reason. And at least 10% of the cars on the road are literally from 1970s
what the fuck is this cover design?
Definitely get Pant in. He can take the game away in a handful of overs.
A lot of poor people who come into money this way tend to be extremely frugal. They want to save as much as possible because they are scared it won't last.
&gt; debit card it can not be used internationally who told you that? I've used my debit card internationally all the time
have you ever tasted a properly cooked meat dish like a steak? even the kebabs they have in mid-east taste better because you taste the meat, not just the spices
Not only did they lose three games, they lost their to lmao-tier teams
scenes if Afghanistan beat Pak first tomorrow
None taken. My health has suffered staying in India, especially in Delhi, and I can see the benefits that you talk about.
Can I PM you for some advice?
so they're basically just crapping out numbers
What's not true? That Islam doesn't need reform or that saying Islam needs reform gets you branded as right wing? If it's the latter, you literally just proved me right. And if it's the former, you're an idiot because practically every religion needs reform
what I can't get is how people think they can ask busy senior officers for petty shit like speeding challans like, they're just fines. Pay them bc. I can understand calling your police commissioner friend if your kid was caught in a drug raid, but speeding challans? Just a few thousand bucks?
Be honest bros: is being 30 too old to make it in the music biz?
I think India was expecting 300+ run pitches, not these 250 runs ones. Rahane would have been a great addition on such pitches. Can play at a decent 80+ SR and won't get out easily
US version, but skip S1. In fact, start with season 3
easy for us to say man. We're basically Indian culture's most privileged people - upper-caste, educated, upper-class (numerically, everyone on this sub is upper-class), straight men I had the same viewpoint but I talked to my wife, and she said that the flaws for her gender are far too many to be accepted as is. She's been stalked, groped in public, and harassed at work. How can she say India culture is perfect? Ask the same of any dalit and you'll get the same response. The flaws of Indian culture have never impacted me much. So it's easy for me to accept them. But ask India's underprivileged people and they'll have a different story
I mean not be a rapper. I just like writing rap. So only a few rap songs. But I just overthink it and feel that a 30 year old rapping feels weird
I have a track recorded. Going to go to a studio to mix/master it. Will share the link here. But what about a 30 year old musician who just wants to write normal songs - mostly rock and pop? I've been writing songs on and off for a decade but I feel that I've just hit my creative stride. Yet I worry that I'm too old to be a performer
tbh Shami looks a lot older than his official age
Is this the manlet conference?
sasta, sundar, aur bikau
Pakistan is the only team that's meme-tier enough to lose to Afghanistan
Bc main RD Sharma nahin kar paaya
On the other hand I think they will lose if they score 226 in 50 overs
I used to watch all these 80s, 90s movies where the bad guy would massacre multiple people in broad daylight, and I used to wonder "hey, no one would do that in public" Now I know that the movies were just relating reality
I stayed at Hilton Garden Inn thinking that hey, it's Hilton! It's gotta be luxurious! Turns out it's just a fancier business hotel
they can still get through if they beat Bangbros and England lose both their games (highly likely that will happen)
Either Naib is a shithead or he's been in touch with Munawar
Afghanistan will never reach Bangladesh level because the team is clearly run like an unprofessional fiefdom
Amir and Afridi have been phenomenal honestly. The rest have been strangely meh
I can't see Afghanistan ever graduating to Bangladesh's level. Their board seems too unprofessional and it's clear that merit isn't the sole criteria for selection. They have talented players but I really don't think their society can nurture a corruption free, meritocratic cricketing system I would love to be proven wrong, but I have a feeling they will go the way of Zimbabwe
In terms of know how? Yes. But man the AIIMS infrastructure is really depressing and incredibly shitty
Congress is over and won't survive without a Gandhi at the helm
What does being rich have to do with it? No one wants to live next to a noisy apartment, rich or poor
The thing is, the location listed in the video isn't even some isolated backwater. It's a very popular tourist destination in one of India's most developed, most tourist friendly states. It's a little like being attacked by a tiger on your way to Niagara
I can't imagine how terrifying India must be before they all hunted tigers and leopards to near extinction and before electricity. Pitch dark and tigers all around you.
A friend told us a story of a family that was driving through this region when their car struck an elephant. The elephant was startled by the impact and immediately sat down. On the car. Literally crushing everyone to death
To be fair, tigers are often found in India and India has a shit load of people Lions can't really kill as many people because the Savannah isn't exactly teeming with 1.3B people
Bros, what are the odds now that it will be a 6th cup for Australia? Suddenly everyone seems to have come into form
Scenes if Pakistan and England both qualify and NZ get out
Call in Ashok Dinda and Manish Pandey to replace Kohli and Bumrah
Not hate against Pakistan but it is natural to want the underdog to win. And India kinda has taken Afghanistan cricket under its wings
My thinking is the same. I like to travel frugally. I'll walk and use public transport instead of taking cabs. I'll find hole in the wall places where locals eat. I'll take the cheapest flights possible But the hotel has to be good. 3 stars minimum. 4 stars usually. 5 stars if I get a deal. Nothing better than spending an entire tiring day outside and coming back to a comfy hotel room
I have pretty bad motion sickness. Not sure how well I'd take being on the sea for so long
&gt; ignorantia juris non excusat - ignorance of the law is no excuse This isn't technically true. There have been plenty of cases where people have been accused of breaking some obscure law and were let go with the understanding that ignorance of *obvious* laws is no excuse, not of obscure laws
This mentality - that you're a crook and have to show your innocence - is endemic to Indian society. Even simple things like checking your bag before you enter a store are based on this assumption
Yeah this isn't PUBG's doing. This is just a psychopathic kid. If not PUBG, something else would have triggered his rage sooner or later
ELI5 the bad blood between Afghanistan and Pakistan fans? Because I haven't seen even Indian and Pakistani fans physically fight
Indians and Pakistanis abroad tend to get along pretty well. Most Pakistanis abroad are also either Sindhi or Punjabi. Too many cultural similarities with Indians among these groups to really foster much hatred
Not this case, agreed. But the general statement that ignorance of the law is no excuse doesn't always hold up in a court
Dude I'm not kidding, you need to draft a will and make sure that someone who really knows his shit inherits your collection
OP I just came back from a two week trip to Russia (and later Uzbekistan) St Petersburg is my favorite city in the world now. Spent 8 days there and couldn't get enough of it
Kohli looks at Bumrah like "thank fuck I don't have to bat against him"
They look exactly like attendants at Indian Oil petrol pumps lol
Unfair to expect Pant to fire in his first game
Joss is going to fuck up. You read it here first
It's a superweapon. Kohli must feel so secure defending knowing his death bowler can save 5 in the last over if necessary
Same
Anything around 300 will be a tough chase for India. With Dhawan gone, this team doesn't have the firepower anymore
Pant tried falling down more than actually hitting
Yeah especially if you are not going to bowl Jadhav
Dhoni was shit but man what do we do about KL and Jadhav? And what's with Kohli shitting the bed after hitting 70? Is he hanging out too much with Root?
Bowling is too dependant on Bumrah too. If Bumrah has an off day, we're toast
Lmao who would do that? Shami kebab and Chahal? Most sides could do that because their no.8 can bat. England's no. 8 is Woakes, a proper bat India's no. 8 is Shami who is suicidal with the bat. And it's even worse after that.
Imagine being so dumb to hit a fucking tractor with sticks
I don't know what the calculation is but wouldn't that affect our NRR negatively? In the off chance that we lose both the next two games, you want to have a heavy NRR cushion to qualify.
Bring in Jadeja for Jadhav ffs. Equally good batsman and far better bowler and absolutely incredible fielder
Dhoni is incredibly risk averse. He probably thought 'what if we lose the next two games?' It might be the right thinking practically, but it is woefully defensive and negative
Last match he was good honestly. Played to the conditions
Yeah but chasing isn't the same as batting first. The pressure is entirely different, especially if your lineup after 7 is Shami and Chahal
We need Bhuvi in. I really believe our batsman would play more freely is no. 8 is Bhuvi and not Shami. Bhuvi can be counted on to stick around
It was strange batting honestly. The score after 15 overs was way too low given that we had lost just 1 wicket and the two best ODI batsmen in the world were batting But this has been a strange batting world cup. Warner is playing his first 5-6 overs like some test match. Rohit has, no doubt, been hampered by the absence of Dhawan
Yeah, India can see so much more productivity gains simply by adding more tracks instead of investing in faster trains. An uncongested, free track should easily get you from Delhi to Jaipur in 3 hours comfortably. Our current trains can already hit 120kmph. Even with 2 stops in between, traveling 250km in 3 hours is totally possible
Rises just seems so stupid and contrived once you start dissecting the plot
Oh dude the kind of misogynistic bigotry that you see among IITians will make you yearn for a classroom filled with Bihar board students. In case of the latter, you at least know its coming from stupidity
FB was a mistake We'll watch democracy collapse just so we can see cousin Bob's baby pictures
Aren't the Iranian people themselves locked in a battle with the regime right now with hundreds dead? Can't imagine the key military actor of the regime being particularly popular
What do you mean "your people"? Your people are fellow Indians. Regardless of caste or creed. Placing Hindus living in Pakistan (i.e. Pakistanis) above Indians living in India makes you sound just like the muslims in India who call muslims in Gaza "their people"
What does war even mean in the modern context? War used to be about territory and resources and people. You'd win a war and annex the territory and the people would become your subjects. You can take the resources, but to extract them all, you will need years, even decades. What do you do until then? Waste resources to deal with the inevitable insurgents? Trump said "we should take the oil". What does that even mean? Take ALL the oil Iran has? How much time will that take? Does the world even have the capacity to process all of it in one go? Where does all this oil sit while its waiting to be processed? Its such a stupid worldview that's rooted in a time that's gone 200 years. You'd conquer a land and take its food and gold. Those aren't really as valuable as they used to be, including the gold
Again, how do you expect to take control of the oil without battling insurgents all the time?
He/she looks cute :)
It doesn't even matter what other Indian players say. None of them apart from Pujara have any sort of clout in the test team anyway
Half of America simply exists to "show it to those damn libtards", so all the negative press actually helped him.
The third pacer? Akhtar
Most people I know didn't mind it until the baby scene. That was an instant walkout for a lot of them. I guess that's because most of my friends are older and either have babies or are planning on having them
Goddamn my dad was born in 1944 and people have granddads the same age
Foreign policy is rarely covered well by our media or even the media abroad. But if you read sector specific magazines like ForeignPolicy (that's literally its name), you'll find that China has been doing hostile takeovers of a number of UN agencies at the cost of the US The world order is changing before our eyes and we are mute spectators because humein mandir mandir khelna hai
Respect
Those of you who can't vote for AAP for any reason (not in/from Delhi), please consider donating to them. You can even claim it as an deduction in your ITR
I'm torn right now. I can gtfo or I can stick around. The former is easier to do but I feel like I'll be letting my country down
They're either panicking (unlikely) or this is a very carefully orchestrated escalation to implement emergency and give Modi sweeping powers. This sort of violence is exactly what Hitler did (google "night of the long knives")
Hindu hun bhai, wapas aa jaonga
Shah has gone all out on polarization since taking charge of home ministry This all in less than a year of Modi 2.0. i can't even imagine what the country will be like in 5 years
This is happening in less than 12 months of Amit Shah's regime What do the next 4 years hold? I'm scared to imagine
Bhakts cheering for this should know that they will come for you too eventually. That's the nature of every extremist movement. They keep purging out the "impure" You might cheer now because you are Hindu and BJP and upper class, but soon they'll ask for the dalits, then the sikhs, then the OBCs, until you have the old caste system back
You've got to vote this cunt out guys. Not even a joke anymore. 4 more years of this and the world will be in a far worse situation
Threatening to destroy cultural centers of a civilization that's 2500 years old is right in Taliban territory (remember when they bombed the Bamiyan buddhas?)
Why would BJP sweep Hindi belt with UCC?
I'm amazed at the confidence with which people can make absolutely incorrect statements Not everyone is a salaried employee. Self employed people pay their own taxes
Not your original argument In either case, the number of self employed ITRs is roughly the same as the number of salaried ITRs.
No its not, don't be hyperbolic
Nah, 2-3 goons will be "arrested" and "prosecuted" to assuage the public that something is being done The charges will be dropped as soon as everyone looks the other way (which will be in 2-3 days doing by Amit Shah's timetable)
Even if they pull this off, what will it solve? No way they're ever getting a majority in Delhi, even if they delay by 2 years
A lot will depend on Bihar and UP next year. If they lose UP, that's when you know something is changing
I wonder how future historians will look back at this era. "We had WW3 because people apparently wanted to communicate in 140 characters"
Why aren't you guys in the streets yet?
Isn't Premji a muslim? Or do I have that wrong?
I'm still trying to understand what was the motive behind all this. Or heck, even the Jamia and UP thing. There are approximately 40M muslims in UP. Most people in UP are broke as dirt, muslims are usually even poorer. They don't really have anything to lose. Same for a lot of people at JNU. I know far too many people there are way too many of them are from dirt poor villages in some corner of Jharkhand/Bihar/Orissa/Assam. You can't really push these people. They don't have careers to care about. They'll just push back or stubbornly refuse to move. And no, you can't purge them either. 40M people are impossible to purge in the modern age. So what is the long term objective? Keep them scared? But that won't work on them.
Land of the free where you can't afford to own a house
The only silver lining to this entire shitshow is that he is old and won't likely be around for another 20 years dragging his smelly old man fingers into every mess
The problem is that Trump doesn't own most of his properties
A bunch of popular food bloggers (The Food Ranger and Best Ever Food Review Show) recently did episodes on Iran The average American just has to see one of these videos to know what us non-Americans have known for years: Iran is not Saudi Arabia. Women aren't covered up and locked away there. They might not have the clothing liberty they have in the west, but they hold jobs, hang out with male friends in public, and get advanced degrees. They're muslim but they are also Persian.
Because Accenture operates globally and they likely don't want any political associations that might be seen negatively
Oh look another reason to rewatch Gangs of Wasseypur
Bhai I can understand anti Muslim tatti that BJP regularly spews out - it resonates with their base. But I highly doubt their base even understands what Left is and why they should hate them.
Right said friend. Only a true peaceful visionary like Yogiji can solve this
Bhai CAA support karo, NRC kyun kar rahe ho? You don't burn down the farm to catch 2 mice
I don't know man. I think people like us underestimate the amount of hatred average Indians have for muslims
Don't pay attention to these polls. They can make you complacent. Go out and vote if you can. If you can't, donate
The literal child's voice is more important because the child will have to live on this planet long after the octogenerians making climate decisions are dead Old peole need to get the fuck out of the way of decisions that won't impact them but only future generations
I heard that. Even with my computer on mute.
Disregard any NRI's opinions on India and its internal politics.
I've often found that the poor and uneducated in India are more open than educated urban youth. You'll hear less crap coming out of your paanwala's mouth than your average TCS worker
All these bhakts talk about how Modi is bringing out country forward... What evidence are they basing this claim on? What concrete steps has he taken to promote science, industry, and economy?
Bhaiyaji the fault in your argument is that bhakts are totally okay with India becoming a theocracy. They don't care about your right to protest because they don't care about democracy
Tbh you have to remember they attacked the embassy. Embassies are foreign soil
Man I'd really recommend cutting some cash elsewhere and springing for better hosting. Otherwise you constantly worry whether your rankings aren't hurting because your site is too slow or inccessible. The peace of mind and ability to focus on other issues is worth it
If you can't even abuse your leaders then what's the point of democracy
Since you seem to know history, what was the mobility/citizenship like during this time? Could a man living under the Nawab of Bengal in then Kolkata freely move to, say, Pune? Was there free trade and commerce? Or were the provinces more like nation states, a la Europe?
So there were no clear borders, legal jurisdictions, and other hallmarks of nation states? Is there any good book I can read on this topic?
A sensitive, choti pee-pee government isn't going to achieve much if it keeps acting on every little insult
Air India has been chronically mismanaged and I'm surprised that the people calling for Congress' ouster are not questioning Air India's performance under BJP. They've both been shitshows but for a party that promised to correct the ills of UPA-II, BJP has done little to reverse anything, and the supporters somehow don't even care.
BJP 2.0 isn't even pretending to not be a goonda party
People who support murderers and criminals are accomplices I don't want to be friends with criminal accomplices
For me, its always Agoda (India and SE Asia), then Booking.com, then MMT/Ibibo.
You can easily beat higher DA sites by creating better content Btw know anyone good who understands digital PR/SEO outreach? Looking to hire
He is being wasted in CPI. He needs to join a mainstream party
Behind paywall
That'll pay for like 5 developers for a year in SF lol
Don't leave us hanging like that
This was entertaining as hell. Even Sinha couldn't help but smile several times
As Juhi Chawla said, we must question ourselves not the government
No one knew who he was since he put on a mask
I think SS has realized that there is a massive vacuum in national level leadership. Northern states will never accept a south Indian politician. Uddhav Thackeray, as CM of a very visible state, has the potential to fill the space vacated by RaGa I think he has also realized that SS' current brand of politics will forever limit it to a Mumbai-only party. If it wants to expand its voter base beyond Mumbai and Maharashtra, it will have to do something new Whether this works or not time will tell
Because most people aren't truly opposed to CAA. Its NRC that they worry more about
Can't point to any specific source but it is common knowledge that Jaitley was very media savvy and had good relationships across the board. He was also a very senior leader within BJP. Both him and Sushma gone means that this BJP has no real connections to the BJP of old.
Amazed at the people who curse police every single day for being corrupt and incompetent are suddenly treating Delhi Police as some sort of elite, incorruptible force
Even BJP guy was cracking up several times
I'll get 15 lakh before Delhi Police prosecutes its own
I just loved it because it had Naseeruddin Shah and it was almost impossible to see an Indian guy on screen at that time
What is it about LotR that if I catch even a 2 minute clip of it, I feel like watching the entire series all over again
If there are protests and democracy in this country, its because of the values Gandhi left behind
Wasn't Rahul Kanwal a big Modi supporter? I remember him palling around with Modi during the 2014 polls What happened?
Isn't Sardesai with India Today now? If they've hired him, it's a signal that they are turning left
This will fall further because rising fiscal deficit means government can't spend as much At the start of the year, growth was projected at over 7%. Ended up at 5 For 2020, they are projecting at 5%. What will it end up as?
My aunt is close to a bhakt. But she knows her field inside out and can spot the fake news in it.
Bhaiyaji itna khudai ke liye JCB bulwana padega Aur agar JCB aa gaya to log usko dekhenge, NRC nahin lagayenge
Main kaagaz nahin dikhaonga if NRC comes into the picture
Ragnarok's magic was more in the script, direction and art direction.
Bihar too. Eventually, it all comes down to money. People are broke. As facts are now coming out, DeMo killed Indian rural economy. People will only be angry at their neighbors for a while. After some time, they will start asking questions to their leaders
will lose massive respect for him if he does that.
I don't know what CAA-NRC and the muslim crackdown is supposed to solve. It doesn't earn him any new bhakts - the ones who wanted muslims to be "revenged" upon are already BJP supporters. It just makes the centrists uncomfortable because they want rule of law above all else
nice wordplay on "nursery" (which is where you grow plants) and "shakha" (branch in hindi)
This was what Modiji was counting on and the muslims are giving him exactly that.
India should honestly have no states with more than 50M people
Government won't bend for CAA. It might for NRC
but bhakts can't afford Apple and can't understand Linux
America benefitted greatly from immigrants. Mostly because America got out of the way and let everyone - immigrants included - be entrepreneurial. Time we ask ourselves why we're getting in the way of our entrepreneurs, immigrants or local I've always believed that immigration is good. Anyone with the courage to move to another country has already shown they they have an ambitious, forward-thinking mind. Such people, given the right tools, will always excel.
If I can't prove my Indian citizenship, will my vote by discounted? And if I'm placed in a detention center, will the government refund my tax money?
BJP doesn't understand that doing shit like this just produces meme fodder. Now this video will spread far wider than it originally would have
Man I've had no marked difference in my lifestyle at this income. After a while, your lifestyle is limited more by time and energy than by money. I could theoretically just pack my bags and travel to Europe, but I don't have the time or the energy for it
I had about a 20% drop on the 7th. Had the update gone live by then?
I'm dead sure Pulwama was a false flag. It was too conveniently timed. Easily swung 40-50 seats BJP's way
What's the most richest, most powerful country on the planet? Can you build a temple there? The answers to these questions will tell you whether a theocratic nation is worth pursuing or not.
A comment in favor of CAA would probably see Microsoft skewered by his liberal customers in the US who are likely far more important than Indian customers
I studied for 2 years in Lucknow way back in the '90s. The school was Christian, we had approximately 40% muslims, and any group had a mixed religious distribution. My group had three Hindus, two muslims, and one Christian. No one cared about religion back then.
They tried doing the same to Anand Mahindra as well lol
What will shake up BJP is if the SCs join the protests. Which is wht Chandrashekar Azad protesting at Jama Mazjid was so important (and why they hurried to arrest him). BJP never had the muslim vote, but if you get the muslims + SC/STs together, you're looking at nearly 42% of the population
Twitter is a publicly traded company that can't get a functioning media player. Shameful really
Maybe. But Lucknow had a sizeable liberal muslim population. I moved away but in my old gang, they're all still best friends
This should serve as a reality check. The masses are hopelessly brainwashed into Modi love
SEO can earn you the kind of passive money web development can't easily do. I'd never get a job as a SEO as long as affiliate marketing exists.
This resistance wouldn't have happened either if the economy wasn't in the gutter you can make people chutiyas if you're making them rich (see China). But if you make them chutiyas while also selling them pyaaz for Rs. 100/kg, they will revolt
True. You always feel that you're selling someone else's creations, not creating anything of your own
Yeah but this cheap labor has no protest power. If they quit, Microsoft will find more cheap labor cheaply. If their VPs sitting in America protest, they'll hurt. In any case, Microsoft is an American company filled with immigrants. I really don't think being anti-immigrant is in their corporate DNA.
At least I'm loyal to an idea, not a person What name will you shout if Modi were to disappear tomorrow? Godse? Or Savarkar?
Am I being complacent if I believe that India will always resist fascism because Indians, as a people, are largely non violent? That their is a strong strain of pacifism and "jio aur jeene do" mentality in the Indian psyche, and has been there for hundreds of years? Nothing else can explain why we've always adopted and assmilated outsiders and their ideas
This is why I can't understand the idiot bhakts who put banners of "I stand with Delhi police". Cops in this country are worse than criminals
I went to Vietnam in 2017 when there were no direct flights. What surprised me the most was the energy among the people. They were hustling day and night. We partied until 6am one day. People were running around at 12, and they were running around at 6. All those little scooters zipping about. I knew then that this country would do great. Also, Vietnam is now dirt cheap to reach. VietJet has direct flights from Delhi for as low as 13k
Poor excuse. India is a federation. States have substantial control over what they spend money on. Nothing stopping states from building better schools for instance. They just don't have political will. See what Kejriwal accomplished in schooling infrastructure with political will. Why can't every other state do the same?
Ask them to point out where it says that eating beef is a sin in the core Hindu text (Hint: there is no core Hindu text)
I always ask these people: muslims ko kahan bhagayenge? Aur kya 200M log shaanti se chale jayenge? Aur kya poori duniya shaant dekhegi? Even ardent islamophobes have no answers on how they will execute their grand plan. Bas ek naara hai
Peak Dhoni was an outlier. There has only been one WK-batsman of his caliber in world cricket in this century - Gilchrist. Indian fans need to reconcile themselves with this reality. Don't expect Pant or anyone else to do those insane stumpings AND score 15 off 5 balls in the last over.
We would Tataji, but inka vision is a Hindu Rashtra with Manusmriti instead of constitution
Wait, so you were trying to buy a pirated version of a course? If yes, then not sure who is the scammer here
He isn't wrong
My friends and I recently made a product. We handled the tech part, sourced some parts from Bangalore, some from Jaipur, some from China. Initially planned to sell via our site but on Amazon, we keep getting sales without even doing anything. Not a whole lot (have just one SKU) but enough to give us confidence in the product's viability. All three of us have full-time jobs. We do this on the side while living in different cities. Amazon handles all shipping and handling. Not saying that Amazon isn't without flaws, but it also offers some fantastic opportunities
I'm biased but everyone who intends to eat less meat needs to master Indian cuisine. No one does more justice to vegetarian food. Learn a good dal makhani, some chole masala, and eat a pav bhaaji and you'll never miss meat
An app-enabled productivity focused smart notebook. Won't share link here though
Last I checked, some 3% of Indian marriages are love marriages. Which means the vast majority are arranged. Arranged marriages are almost always within the same caste
I hope he is "ex-president" by then
Respect. People like him have a lot to lose
I'm pretty conflicted about the beef issue On the one hand I'm all for freedom of choice. At the same time, I'm under no delusion that eating beef - or any other meat - is a benevolent act. Eating beef becomes even more problematic when you consider the environmental impact of raising beef cattle I really don't know what side to go with this issue. Freedom or environmental benevolence?
This will be disastrous for everyone involved. People who work such jobs are financially really weak and can't afford to deal with regulatory bullshit The government should helping these people instead of getting in their way
consider yourself lucky that you got to know this before the wedding.
This is not a shitpost. I'm disappointed
Modi elected to bring development, ends up being the worst PM for development in three decades
This is actually an old tradition. People who prepare the budget are locked in a room a few days before the budget is announced. They are forbidden all outside contact, even with their families, lest the budget details leak out (and influence markets) This halwa ceremony is essentially a feast before this voluntary "house arrest". These people would be deprived of home cooked food for 10 days. Halwa is like a way to compensate for it.
You're an idiot who needs to know the reason behind this before blabbering
If these protests make BJP not implement NRC, they have done the job. CAA is something most people don't have a fundamental problem with. Its NRC-CAA combine that's problematic.
I drop like a pillow even on paracetamol. Super low tolerance. With something super strong like heroin, I reckon I'd be out for 5 days
They should print your comment on anti drug pamphlets
Bhai hamari class ke logon ka kuch nahin hota. They're completely detached from ground reality. Ye aadhe American hain. Thankfully, this class is numerically a tiny minority At least the Islamophobia of someone from UP's villages might be rooted in lived experience. Indian upper middle class walon ne to Muslims se 3-4 saal se baat bhi nahin ki
Bhai ab potato prices have skyrocketed. Paid rs 60/kg. For potatoes. This shit sells for 10/kg otherwise
Why? You're not going to remove religion from public life. If you're going to have religion, shouldn't you standardize and streamline it like every other field?
So you're saying that sex education shouldn't be a part of curriculum?
Imagine actually defending billionaires you've never met and who would never give a shit about you
Is bande ko sun kar dil mein hope aati hai Lagta hai kuch future mein accha hai. Modi ko sunta hun to lagta hai future mein bas civil war hai
He is, simply because there is not a single national level leader.
BJP will milk this for as long as possible. Why? Because the mandir issue is now settled, as is Kashmir. UCC, if pursued, likely won't meet as much resistance. How does the BJP keep its base energized and build the "hindu khatre mein" narrative? By dragging out NRC as long as possible. It's the perfect issue too. They've got nice imagery of "ghuspaithiye", they've got economic anxiety tied to it, and they've got something that is very litigious by nature. It will drag on for years and years, just like ram mandir. Keep in mind that BJP came into power on the back of Ram Mandir. Now that it's not something they can fight for anymore, they need a new "Ram Mandir 2.0" to stay relevant
Bangladesh will have a $100B export economy in 15 years. Mark my words. They've specialized aggressively in garments and will take all our and Pakistans business away
Tiktok reminds me of the early days of YouTube when people were happy uploading videos of themselves dancing and singing with 240p cameras and shit lighting. There was just this joy at the idea of being able to create and share. Instagram is just plain cancer
Government's hands are tied. Fiscal deficit is higher than reported (this figure is always fudged by every government) which means they can't spend much. It also means that it can't give more freebies to corporates for setting up factories. Fundamental issues like lack of jobs can't be fixed in the near term. Even if you roll out the red carpet for manufacturing, it takes years for any plant to become operational and employ people. The core pillar of Indian rural employment in last two decades, construction, has collapsed. Realty isn't coming back any time soon. There is an oversupply in most major markets. Honestly, it looks pretty bleak. The fundamentals are fucked. Direct tax collection has actually fallen. Unless government expands its tax base, expect even more tax squeeze to eke out whatever the government can from existing tax payers. Which has the converse effect of killing demand further, affecting GST revenues. I'd be short on India right now. The only thing that can change our fortunes in the long term is investment in human capital but I don't see that happening
Money isn't free. It will come back to bite you later. UPA's free hand during 2008 crisis led to corporates overborrowing on easy credit terms which eventually led to our current NPA crisis.
If Pakistani and Bangladeshi muslims are here legally on visas, should they be thrown out then too?
I often feel like gig economy is like modern day slavery (remember: slaves were also paid in kind - food, clothing, sheltrt - if not cash). You have underpaid workers working unnatural hours lugging heavy bags up stairs just so I can get chole bhature and cheap deodrant from Amazon. They have no protection, no safety equipment, no insurance, no maternity/paternity leaves. Just a modern whip of an arbitrary rating on an app. And they have no choice but to comply because this is all the work they can find.
Ideological purity is the reason the left keeps losing Meanwhile the right will give tickets to literal rapists if it helps them win We can find a balance And also, its not a crime to be rich
Kya bc main bhi gaya par mujhe to paise nahin mile :(
Bhai why wait that long? UP elections are just around the corner.
You just ask NRC supporters if they are happy knowing some sarkari babu will decide whether they get to live in India or not. They have no defence for that
I would have said that Kamra was being a dick But let's be honest, it's not a battle we're going to win by taking the high road. They're frothing at the mouth for violence. We can't turn the other cheek
If Kejriwal somehow loses Delhi elections, then we need to storm EC. Because there is no chance in hell that BJP can ever win Delhi legitimately
Air India is a great airline if you want to reach somewhere 3 hours late
What's stopping anyone from saying they are Hindu on an Aadhaar card? They don't ask for any proof at all
They're just itching for riots, aren't they?
He is a rich brat who went to Modern Barakhamba and has no contact with the ground reality of this country. He stokes fires because he knows him and his kind will never be affected by it.
And then we wonder why Vietnam and even Bangladesh are beating us
They don't want to do NRC/NPR. They just want an issue they can drag out for years to win elections. Ram Mandir issue is settled. What else will they now use to divide society? NRC is perfect since its a litigious, slow exercise by nature. BJP can drag it out until 2030 easily
India: Ram Kumar Middle-east: Mohammad + local last name UK: John Smith
Lmao
Seifert is playing for India lmao
bhaisahab 200M vote lekar itna mat uchlo Itni goliyaan nahin hai sabko maarne ke liye
Yeah this too. There are all bhakts in my group of school friends and they know I am extremely anti Modi. They all accept that that is who I am.
If AAP loses Delhi, then I'm out of here. There is no point living in this country anymore. I've fought here, been to marches, been active on social media, talked to people, even donated to AAP several thousand rupees. If Delhi also decides to vote for such clear bigotry, it will just break my heart and after that, I'd just emigrate to Canada or Australia and not even bother being an Indian citizen
No, I understand on page SEO and the role of Yoast. I'm more concerned about speed and Schema implementation. For instance, a number of people got warnings in Google webmaster recently about using data-vocabulary.org to implement breadcrumbs structured data. Google doesn't support it anymore and wants people to switch to Schema.org, but a number of themes continue to use data-vocabulary.org So my main concern is a theme that stays on top of these changes
I'm Indian man. I know my country. Money from gulf region has transformed entire states here.
If this is happening in broad daylight in Delhi, I think it's time to start calling India a basket case and club it with Pakistan and Afghanistan as failed countries. Regardless of your political affiliation, utter failure of law and order in the country's capital is a shameful sign
The time for taking the high road with these cunts is over. Fight them
This was likely done intentionally by BJP for some sinister end.
It's one of the greatest tragedies in sports that Bradman wasn't around when we had access to modern cameras. But maybe it's also the lack of videographic evidence that makes him all the more mysterious and alluring?
Tbh India playing in Pakistan is a massive security risk
we need to get together and sue Google. They're basically stealing content at this point
I've found that Ahrefs DR is most consistent with actual traffic to the sites I control/oversee. Moz indexes fewer links and doesn't get updated as often
Take the high road and keep losing.
Shoutout to Indian pharma companies in general. Everyone keeps harping about IT, but India's pharma industry is fantastic. A dog bit me yesterday and the foreign-made immunoglobin shot for it would have cost 30k. The Indian variant is stronger and costs 1/5th
UFO = Unidentified flying object. Not alien flying object
Indian here and I'm not worried about India vs China either. I don't think either of the two countries have particularly trigger happy leadership. India is perfectly happy being left alone at the moment and building its economy, same with China. Historically, India and China have coexisted as ancient civilizations for thousands of years with little to no aggression between them. There is no historical hatred or precedent for conflict. Indians don't hate the Chinese and vice-versa. India and China are also major trading partners. I'm sure China doesn't want to lose a $80B/year trading partner, not does India want to lose a massive source of funding and raw material for its industries.
China and India aren't going to engage militarily. Neither side gains much from it. China will move towards Taiwan. China has always maintained its right to Taiwan and the country's continued existence is a serious threat to Chinese legitimacy. They've already taken over HK. Taiwan would be next
Koi na, hamare celebs will still tweet about #JusticeForGeorgeFlyod and ignore scum like this
We can live without phones, but we can't live without medicines Guess where all the raw material for the pharma industry comes from
My RWA is filled with old uncles and aunties who have closed all the locality parks since March and refuse to open them up Fuckers are going to die of diabetes if not covid
&gt; the culture of truth, accountability, proof &amp; scientific temper is horrendously eroded - not just for us, but world over. Just today there was a video on ndtv of a python trying to eat a deer and a man "saving" the deer. Literally dozens of comments on the video are cheering the man for showing kindness to the deer! That's just the tip of the iceberg as far as the erosion of basic scientific values go. Social media has turned everyone into emotional animals who are swayed by whatever visuals can be paraded before them
People who dream of decoupling from China live in bubbles. They have no idea how much we depend on China Sure, you can maybe stop importing smartphones from China, but what about medicine? Majority of our medical raw materials come from China. How long will you live without medicine?
I really don't understand what celebrating any covid success or lamenting its failure solves. It doesn't matter whether your country has 100k cases or 10. Fact is that as soon as you open the international borders and ease lockdowns - and you will have to do that eventually - you're going to get cases. No, you can't screen all incoming travelers. Doing that would basically means sacrificing 10-15% of your economy, and no one is ready to do that. If your city/state/country has few cases, great. If it has too many, also great. Because once the economy goes back to normal, it wont matter because the disease will spread everywhere anyway. Our modern world is simply not built to fight something like this
Contact tracing is practically impossible in a country like India. Even South Korea, the frontrunner in Covid control, now has cases going up again and has shut down all schools. The point of the lockdown was twofold: understand how to treat the disease, and build up a supply chain of PPE, tests, and other equipment. We've accomplished both of these. Beyond this, there is practically nothing to be done without massive, lasting damage to the economy. The Spanish Flu spread to 1/3rd of the world. And that was at a time when travel was limited and people could actually survive in isolation for years on their farms. In our city-dominated globally, consumer-oriented modern world, containing it through extended lockdowns is a foolhardy endeavor
My FIL is also a doctor actually in charge of procurement at Rajasthan's top hospital. He says they have so much PPE that they're giving it away to hospitals and medical colleges. In his own words, a lecture hall that seats 250 people is completely filled with PPE. Things might be different elsewhere but at least that's the situation in Rajasthan
I still think it's a society changing big deal But I also know that not everyone can do what I can: work from home The rest of the world has to move on. Else they risk dying of hunger
"world" cricket would be just about 5 countries playing each other
As someone who runs a somewhat popular site with strong DR, I get multiple emails every week asking to run sponsored links. It's tempting to say the least. Do nothing, pocket a few extra Gs a year
And still a smokeshow! This was my favorite video in years
Billy Boyd's singing at the end got me
You can feel that through the movies. They have real heart and that's something that can't be planned. It's very clearly the product of a team that was completely in sync with each other. That's capturing lightning in a bottle. It's incredible that we have something so nearly perfect to watch a million times over
I hope no one from the Trump admin who has defended his vileness ever gets a job again
Trump's team has done a great job of discrediting anyone who opposes them as a "pedo elite deep state shill" You can say whatever you want but they won't listen to you because in their minds, you're a "deep state shill"
ye kaunsa aasaan hai?
Tbh none of the places I can afford to eat in have silverware worth stealing
No tests were available. People forget how things were like in March. Every country was shutting down. We had no domestic test manufacturing capabilities. My FIL was directly involved in test procurement. Our two leading manufacturing partners are China and Germany. Germany was not selling any. We bought 1.5M Chinese tests which were discarded because they had a &lt;10% accuracy.
The government basically gave an open wallet to buy whatever was needed. Keep in mind this was in Rajasthan so things might be different elsewhere (there was tons of corruption in the procurement of course). Wouldn't have needed so much spending right now if they hadn't cut spending before this though. All supply chains were fucked. My FIL's department had placed an order for a machine from Germany. The machine was transported from Germany to Singapore, but Singapore wouldn't allow any air cargo to leave its ports. So the machine was moved to Dubai, from Dubai to Mumbai, and finally to Jaipur A 10 day exercise took over 40 days
While this government has been abysmal in healthcare spending, we should keep in mind that these countries don't have two belligerent nuclear powers as neighbors. A lot of our money is spent on military, something that Kenya doesn't have to worry that much about
I have a feeling America will show us how a third world country really deals with a pandemic
Man that picture alone gives me anxiety
