I think you've got this backwards...
Even I'll give credit when due. That's the loudest Winter Classic crowd I remember. And surprisingly, I didn't hate the country flavour of it. The Dallas staff actually looked really sharp in the cowboy hats and letterman jackets.
I can't wait for our jerseys to look exactly the same.
Pittsburgh would be the natural choice, but why not go Carolina, since both teams are newer and don't *really* have strong rivalries.
Haha this was my theory. At least we turned Galchenyuk into Domi.
FYI there is a large Canadian ex-pat population in Taiwan.
And that about wraps up our season IMO.
F
Fleury, Romanov and Primeau *could* turn out to be excellent players.
It can't help the tank.
Yeh the tank is on. So why did we trade for Scandella?
Yeh. It's so hard to though.
I mean this is the reality of an expanding league. Odds change.
You should trade us that pick back just for the memes. But in all seriousness, I'd be shocked if someone took Alzner off our hands.
I always take my foreign friends when they're in town - especially those from non-hockey areas like Australia, UK, Asia for example, as I can get away with taking them to see less-desirable opponents for cheaper and still get the same result lol. You HAVE to see the NHL live at least once in your life to truly appreciate the sport in all its technical glory.
Agreed.
I think the fact that the NHL *conduct the lottery* behind closed doors and simply present the order with cards is highly untrustworthy. The fact that NBC sweethearts jumped in the order last year kind of seemed suspect. The fact that the Pens, a team on the verge of bankruptcy, won the "randomized" lockout lottery to be gifted the most hyped prospect since Wayne Gretzky was also highly suspect. This being said, Arizona hasn't won a lottery despite being pretty low in the standings at least the last 5 years. And Edmonton won the lottery how many times in the last decade? Let's put it this way, if we "won" the lottery this year, I feel it would make the NHL look extremely sketchy. But they still owe us for burying John Scott, damnit!
Yeh 6-3-1 in L10. This pleases Le Tanque Gods.
Congrats. You can have our spot in the standings, as we no longer require it.
Luckily half of our forwards have decided to take an extended break now so it won't look purposeful at all.
Lol this was my takeaway too actually. As a Habs fan, I should of known this.
Same in Apollo mobile.
Whoa...
Also with the Habs losing bodies faster than the plague, our AHL roster could surely use a forward or two right now.
I missed the game, but I heard the Laval Rocket played well. Most at r/Habs are happy with the performance from the kids, whilst also being awarded 0pts. It's tank o'clock.
Habs fan here. Accurate take.
I've heard this story before, except the promised rolex was never delivered....
There was never any chance of us making the playoffs this year. At least we're tanking properly, with a silver lining of some decent prospects for once.
Nice, TWO Habs make the list.
Would you say the game went *swimmingly*?
How do I delete someone else's streak?
Well what we've done since 93 hasn't exactly worked out for us in the slightest, has it? They say the definition of insanity is repeating the same thing over and over, but expecting different results. The reality is we were never going to make the playoffs this season. Why not win the sweepstakes as consolation?
I've been saying this since our first skid this season. Time to trade my favourite hab, Carey. His value is only going to start to drop. We aren't winning a cup in the next couple years. He deserves a chance elsewhere.
Armia protected because he has potential to become a 25-(maybe 30)-goal scorer IMO.
I have no idea why Adidas didn't follow the retro trend and go with the turquoise East and purple West jerseys from the 90s.
This situation has Colorado written all over it.
Price to Colorado.
I highly disagree. First, the Habs brand sells itself. A monkey could turn a profit. My two largest gripes are: 1) Merchandising. The Merchandising sucks. There is no creativity whatsoever. We RARELY get a 3rd jersey for starters. And when we do, it's the barber pole that gave me seizures. The outdoor classic (I think?) was a sweet jersey. Why aren't we rolling out something like that as a 3rd every year? I understand that we are the "classic" franchise; but if we're so steeped in tradition, why hell don't we re-hash one of our historic designs more often? Also, the clothing is atrocious. I'm not going to the golf course and I can only have so many pairs of pyjamas. I haven't bought anything in over a decade. Sure this may be my personal opinion, but case in point, how about some variety? How about something a little more edgy? Second, the on-ice product sucks. As such, I'm not personally attending any games this year. I vote with my wallet. The team is falling apart. You've lost my business. *just a disclaimer I'm not butt-hurt about this season. I wanted to tank from day 1. Just making a counter-argument.
The thing is, it's clear to me that the unused cap space has been saved to pay for a gamebreaker that we have been unable to lure to Montreal thus far. I believe bergevin has the pieces in place for solid lines 2-4... It's the first line that needs work.
They've really turned it around since Hall left. And Arizona is scoring a goal per game more since his arrival. Seems like everyone won that trade.
He's been awesome since all the injuries.
Come home when that contract expires bb
Neat but I still won't ever care about the ASG until they do it like MLB and make the winning conference the home ice team in the finals.
Maybe he is showcasing him and trying to pad his stats to shop him at the deadline?
Wait what? I thought he had a Quebecois accent? Maybe I'm thinking of another coach interview (?)
The bell was the perfect touch. I love it.
Why?
It's a message from dog.
As a fellow carpenter, terrific design.
I mean, there used to be a rover position...
Just do what the kid said
I think the Habs logo is one of the most iconic in all of sports.
Those are what you'd call *mugs made for radio.*
Gritty is the best thing to happen to hockey since the abolition of the two-line pass rule. Can anyone share insight into how the eyes are constructed? It seems like the pupils protrude, yet there is no clear plastic casing??
But what if we don't want to win?
How do I delete someone else's comment?
In case you haven't noticed, that's kind of our thing this year.
Well no. Blackouts are regional. You're not going to get STL Blackouts in Melbourne, Australia for example.
Yeh, it literally couldn't cast from my android phone. When that phone suddenly crapped out I got an old iPhone6 from a buddy and it streams perfectly now. Also, blackouts are regional. I can watch every Habs game here in Vancouver.
To add, when you live around the world, watching games on delay its vital. I had to get up at 4am on a weekday to watch the Vancouver Winter Olympics gold medal game in Sydney Australia.
Lol. Classic summer recipe. I'm on *Whatever's in the Fridge* stew right now though. Coldest week of the millennium here.
Depends. When it was a British/Canadian pig that wandered onto US soil, it started a war. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_War_(1859)
How do you know it's a woman?
I have in previous years but it's been fine this year. Maybe try un/reinstalling the app if you're on mobile.
Do you think Kubalik is here to stay? I'm considering dropping Voracek for him. League stats are G, A, P, PPP, SOG, HIT, BLK. Thanks in advance for your advice.
Nailed it!
Absolutely. I bet we draft him.
Montreal: 1994-Present.
Meh I don't mind. I'll never come in contact with those people ever again. That shit would trigger my OCD for hundreds of hours.
I thought that was the point, no? I interpreted it as a *had me in the first half*-type joke?
r/hawksfanfics
Yes, Americans still call First Nations/aboriginals "Indians". It confuses me every time.
Different bands vary on what they identify as. Most go by First Nations these days. Aboriginals or Natives are also used. The term aboriginal is used all around the world, not just by us Aussies.
Holy shit I forgot Niemi won a cup. I have this series on dvd somewhere as I had moved back to Australia after 25 years in Canada. My boss recorded it for me on as he had it on his extra extra sports channels. Memorable series for myself personally.
I would absolutely rock that Habs jersey. Take my money!
This thread is hilarious. Plenty of water here in BC.
This is actually pretty good. Except for the actual attempt though.
Now THAT'S an ASG weekend event I would actually watch!
Hey whatever happened to that guy anyway?
Lolllll... You're alright, for a Leafs fan.
Omg I'm in tears
TBH the stick-on eyebrow used as a moustache completely threw me off...
Oh.
Or possibly a hex
I also appreciate the fact that all the cards have a metallic sheen to them as well. Great attention to detail!
Jean shorts actually. He's a never-nude.
I currently live in Vancouver. The fans here are over the top fairweather IMO.
Did he try to spear the first guy coming at him too?! Jeez.
Hopefully a fire sale.
I don't get it
TIL. I thought it was a potion.
No. Habs finished 31-31-9. That's 31 wins, 40 losses, for .437.
I argue that we are the one of the teams that got fucked the most in this format. We are forced to play in the playoffs for the sake of rating$, diminishing our lottery odds. We aren't going to win this series and it's a waste of time in my eyes.
Dude. It's easier for an east coast audience to watch a 10pm game than a west coast audience to watch a 2pm game, plain and simple. Source: I've lived in Toronto and Vancouver.
I've heard rumblings that Byfield might actually be viewed as the best kid in the draft now, so I don't think he's under appreciated by any means.
I'm surprised they didn't riot when booze sales were banned tbh.
I found these in the jungle in Costa Rica. Never knew the name!
Ha very true.
What's your point? Did he not just stop to think?
Why are Canada and Europe confused? And why does Australia talk like that? This is shit.
Where does he find all that sanitizer? Jokes aside, great donation.
Yeh I've taken girls to Canucks games who have brought purses. Pretty sure I've even brought a backpack once or twice?
What? Lol... Canuck is to a Canadian as Yankee is to an American, Pom is to the English, Kiwi is to a New Zealander, etc.
Has not been announced. I believe I recall the NHL *hoping* to start training camps in July.
Great example of more money than taste.
Is that all houses cost down there? I live in a 120yo dilapidated house here in Vancouver. I can only use 1 appliance in the kitchen at once. Most of the windows don't open. All my walls are poorly patched at best. Water damage in ceiling. Swampy back yard with no light (or grass plot). And my place is valued at more than that. I really gotta leave this city.
Fu dogs on every other house here in Vancouver. Hundred percent this house was built or is owned by mainlander Chinese.
Cool. Would be good to know WHERE these events take place (I mean, obviously northern hemisphere, but that doesn't say much)....
If the Leafs won, that would make us the O6 team with the longest cup drought... unsubscribe.
I mean, similar recent respiratory viruses thrived in places like the middle east in the summer, so yeh...
To add, I saw a report a couple weeks ago now one of the maritime provinces (NB or NS?) would not allow seasonal workers from Mexico and Jamaica to come for lobster season, and NB is down to like a dozen cases. Second, first wave of Spanish flu killed 3-5MM, second wave killed 15-20MM. It pays to stay vigilant.
Seven stars, we draft 8th. Book it.
Tweets like these make me wish we weren't forced to play in the first place with reduced lottery odds. We got fucked for rating$.
Wow that is a crazy diverse mix!
For the love of God I hope the Bruins still manage to match up with the Leafs in round 2.
I've been on here a long time and this is literally the first time I've seen it.
Anyone who argues there is an asterisk is an idiot. There's no asterisk next to the lockout-shortened season, why one where 70ish games have been played and there's an EXTRA knockout round? It's illogical to argue the validity of this gauntlet to be.
Did Cheveldae ever win with the Wings? Also Osgoode wasn't spectacular. Also Fuhr and Ranford.
Without being able to read this, I'm guessing this writer has not done their homework. NBA was going to do the same thing.
Been saying it for a decade...Winning conference gets home ice advantage in the finals.
We're pretty bad at overrating our prospects too. Although we are also probably one of the worst in the league at development...
*wandering.
I mean this looks not unlike my childhood of the 80s. I don't recall ever hurting myself. Just don't be an idiot.
My fav.
I mean some are probably partners or family members who have spent quarantine together anyway....
That is an extremely tiny sample-size to make such a statement. You need to travel outside the US for starters...
I've been pretty much everywhere in Washington. It's sad and scary.
Absolutely.
I was thinking with a choke and pull-cord like a lawnmower.
There is also a (vice?) documentary of Mexican towns doing this to what seems fair success.
Goddamnit.
Yeh I think someone proved this when this originally happened.
*Cue
I usually don't last very long in relationships with girls who project.
UK/EU XXL, US Small.
Pretty sure alien invasion is scheduled for June though, no?
As a non-American, I've been quite surprised that hasn't happened yet.
Not to downplay the cause by any means, but Portland has like half a dozen parallel bridges within a very short distance, just for context.
Ya so did I. Took me a minute zoomed in to realize. This is the most impressive computer case I have ever seen. Just spectacular.
In Canada we get paid time off to vote.
Why do we want to double our population exactly? Seems like we're doing quite well just where we are currently. Especially in comparison to anywhere south of the border...
It gets to like 45C there in the day time sometimes. Can't imagine cooking my bits on that thing!
Also we were way better not in our own rink this year. Still though...
Oh I misread and didn't register the "PA" part. Well this is non-news then....
America in general. 40% of Canadians don't want to open the border until the end of summer. Another 40% don't want to open up until there's a vaccine. America is a fucking dumpster fire.
I had to stop reading it was hurting my brain so much. It boggles my mind how people that stupid manage to survive until adulthood.
You finished it! It's amazing! You're very talented!
Fight Club
Great advice. Why not travel when your country is in the middle of a pandemic! This is why you're in the mess you're in to begin with.
Yeh I'm gonna need more proof.
Insurance fraud
Travel Quirkle. Always gets brought on camping trips. I feel like I paid less than $20 for it.
Ya I'm shocked considering how many guns there are in America. Or that nobody has thrown a Molotov yet (that I'm aware of).
It's obviously not real.
Are you suggesting that unemployed people moved to Vancouver due to CERB?
SNL is filmed in NY, not LA.
I dunno. I hate my gfs blanket cuz it always ends up on me, waking me up in a puddle of sweat, when she decides to discard it in her sleep....Still... I tolerate it ...
He's also an amazing poet and illustrator. [Lithgow on Colbert](https://youtu.be/ZHVrdAtyjNc)
Finally. Thanks. Want to check out more production and had to click through a bunch of reposts to find this info. Also this isn't techno.
Who the fuck is this guy? Seems like a douche just based on that photo. "Quick, get a pic of me intently typing away with this anorexic girl in a bikini casually standing by."
For everyone questioning the number, I assume he meant 30-something beers each.
Great post. I agree with all of this.
The new kid ripping on an O6 team SMH...
His body was never recovered though.
So what you're saying is the protests are working....
I used to do drugs. I still do drugs, but I used to, too.
r/bettereveryloop
Some amazing hikes in Tassie. Hear the south coast is amazing.
Nah cheesymite on toast fixes everything (especially hangovers).
&gt; and they don’t even have to know if they are enforcing ... something they made up. Is it just because I woke up, or does this line make no sense?
Dope causally racist joke.
Depends where you live. They're one of the most popular brands in Europe, so parts and maintenance are surely cheap. Not to mention at least the 90s models were tanks that would run forever. Shame about the emissions lies though.
I worked with a bunch of Vietnamese dudes once. None of them had licences and they all had vehicles. Said they just used their cousins' licences because us white people couldn't tell the difference. So apparently licences are *really* easy to receive sometimes.
Aussies nickname everything. You just need to get used to it. My Melbourne crew is literally 50-people strong and every.single.one.of.us has a nickname. Towns have nicknames. Careers have nicknames. Products have nicknames. Everything. It's just Aussie culture.
I've never heard of anyone dying from being pepper sprayed before.
I think you're sorely mistaken if you think there is going to be a lull after Trump gets re-elected. Christ there were protests after his inauguration - before becoming the worst president in history. Unless you mean suppression due to martial law, I believe your plan is massively flawed.
Copy pasta
No. Southern teams are there so the NHL can reap the TV contract rewards for a *"National League."*
I have been crying for an alternate for a decade. But I would be adamantly against putting a "world" on the jersey. First, it's not great aesthetically; second, it's considered bad luck.
FINALLY. I want something new. If it *has* to pull from history, why not Christmas jersey but switch the colours up?
It's really gonna be a toss-up this year. Although I believe Blues, Pens, Bruins, Caps all have a chance, for the sake of wishful thinking for something a bit different, I'll go with **Avs-Bolts**.
Also 1992-93. I wish I was a bit older and a bit less fresh off the boat so I could of enjoyed it more though. Especially considering it's been 27 years and we're still not close to winning a cup.
Now that you mention it, perhaps it is.
Bruce McNall was the former Kings majority owner/president and chairman of the Board of Governors. He defaulted on a $90MM loan and bankrupted the Kings. He pleaded guilty to five counts of conspiracy and fraud and was sentenced to 70 months. Got out after 13 months for good behaviour.
Jesus talk about holding a grudge.
Roy, Theodore, Price, Primeau
Worst Habs jersey ever. That thing gave me fucking seizures.
As much as I love our tradition I'd like to look *forward* for once And think outside the box. For example, black jersey, red and blue piping, Christmas jersey logo in red.
No to mention the tax breaks and large Russian population in Florida.
I dunno. The Florida Keys and the Everglades look beautiful. And everyone I've ever talked to whose visited or lived in Miami says it's a blast. I can list several states I'd choose Florida over.
What. The. Fuck. Time to start a blockade.
Because stupid people believe material possessions are status symbols.
I have drivers licenses for countries that drive on both sides of the road. I'd MUCH rather shift with my right.
But why? I can't think of a single reason to do this.
And this is why I dropped out of economics.
You sound like me 20 yrs ago. I'm now happily a carpenter lol.
That's a ridiculous thing to get banned for. Plus they are...
Or any of us first world countries.
NGL that was my first though. You have more courage than me to *say* it though lol. All jokes aside, it was a sweet jump.
As someone who has worked in landscaping, I also agree.
Seriously? The poor job triggered my OCD.
But why?
That's what we learnt in school in Canada 25 years ago.
Yeh that threw me off. Like, the massively racist creator worked with a Japanese person one time and they were a good worker or something.
Yeh super lame and very off-putting
Wow I am impressed with such in depth scientific explanation from a potter. You must be excellent at your craft.
Definitely the behaviour of an innocent government.
Right. America is obsessed with the military/national guard. Can't they just take over until a new force is trained? Honest question.
Under popularity - Perth, 1980s. I was a child there then and have never heard of this game nor seem one of these "pits". Interesting. Very close quarters for a Dodge ball type game.
r/scriptedasiangifs r/whyweretheyfilming
Yes, 9/10 of the US population; in other words, roughly 4% of the world population. This model is Italian. What a terrible point.
You guys were only there for the last 7 weeks anyway.
Yes of course, the remoteness helps. On the flip in live in Vancouver, an international hub. We've been under 100 active cases for a week with no new community spread. We acted swiftly and followed protocol when it mattered. It was worth not getting a haircut in order to have a fairly normal summer. I'm really interested to see what the second wave in the States will look like in the coming weeks. Hopefully it's not worse than the first.
*you're
I hope you're being sarcastic but honestly I don't even know with Americans any more.
Same in Vancouver.
Completely agree.
And simplify their logo to just white. Like... How much closer can you get???
You guys are. We're down under 100 active cases in Vancouver.
Not to mention the mis-reporting of number of cases by right-wing states for propaganda purposes.
So are we in Vancouver. And being an international tourist destination, we have the infrastructure and amenities required.
I know Vegas will be picked over Vancouver, but it will be the wrong choice. Down to 183 active cases in the province, which suggests &lt;80 active cases in Vancouver. I'd say there is a good chance we move to phase 3 by training camp.
That video was fucking mayhem.
I'll admit I could of been the captain of team tank, but I can't not cheer for my boys. If training camp is 2-3 weeks as expected, I get to watch hockey on my birthday for the first and perhaps only time in my life!
We've done fuck all
It's pretty nice. I caught a dungeoness crab with my bare hands there.
Fuck them. CLOSE THE BORDER. For real tits time.
*Friend.
The last one, both hilarious and oddly specific.
If I may also be nit-picky, you failed to account for undocumented immigrants, which iirc, was estimated to be around 12-20MM in 2019.
I've heard personal stories. This isn't surprising.
Of all people, I met Lindros in 94, and he had a body guard.
Omg I didn't notice them. That takes it to a whole new level of terrible.
It's common sense amongst gardeners at least.
The US just deployed three aircraft carriers and accompanying vessels to the area. They are currently en route.
There is a (CBC?) documentary on YouTube about this guy.
This might be the silliest thing I've ever seen on the interweb. WA this an actual game just patched?
I'm guessing half of them are coming here to escape the covid in their country.
No. It's not all good. They shouldn't be allowed in the country. Period. Fly to Alaska and rent a car if you want to go so bad. But keep your diseased, non-social-distancing asses out of Canada until this virus is under control in yours.
You should choose more intelligent friends.
Canada is the second most expensive country in the world for mobile data. You can thank the telecommunications oligopoly for that. But our home internet is pretty cheap and good quality with the right providers.
Animal abuse. Hilarious.
The first "thier" bothered me even more.
Hope you have learned to double-check things after this experience.
Depends what your career is. When I worked in offices, it was morning showers. Now in trades, and evening showers are both heavenly and essential.
I'll scold anyone I'm shopping with that just drops shit anywhere when they don't want it. PUT THAT SHIT BACK YOU LAZY FUCK!
A
Weird, I didn't get a paywall...
&gt; China’s foreign ministry reiterated its longstanding position that it never seeks to interfere in the internal affairs of other nations. Farcical.
It'll be Dreger for tsn. Freidge will become THE insider though. Too bad he's on sportsnet.
We have the worst development in the league, hands down.
I approve of this friendship. There's even a Habs bar at Main &amp; Broadway here in East Van.
Imagine having Eichel and Dahlin and not thinking the team has struck gold already. They need better asset management. Maybe 14 top-6 D was not the way to go, for starters....
This is the silliest bird I've ever seen. Love it!
Nice stuff. Like the "1996" one, but FYI this type of pattern was more predominant around 1988-92.
Surely a child did this.
When I was young, the 92-93 Upper Deck WJC set was one of the best sets period.
Don't think Bettman fixes it this way this year.
Nah, NBC chooses Detroit, with NJ or LA jumping up to 3rd.
I mean if you can't do better than us with Eichel, you don't deserve to be in the play-in. We are hot garbage. Edit: we had TWO eight-game losing streaks and got swept by the Wings...
Eriksson only has 2 years left on his contract. I can see Van trading him plus picks to a rebuilding team that would want to acquire picks and can eat that cap.
Politics and pandemic aside, the fact that it's take *SO* long may be because they're trying to go with Totems, therefore speaking with band leaders to get the go-ahead. Just spitballin'.
The gear is cool, the "tail" looks like it's trying too hard and could use some work.
In comparison to them losing and being 3pts back. Shoulda couldas. Their pct dictates they were worse than a team that got swept by the Wings and had TWO eight-game losing streaks. They don't deserve to play again this season and neither do we.
It was announced that we're finally getting a third jersey. I expect it to be of little variance from the home/away versions, cuz "tradition".
Just do it once you retire and no longer collect income.
There's been weed dispensaries here for like 7(?) years now. It's so foreign to me now to even imagine getting fined for it.
Although it's a moot point, if by "second richest team" you are referring to franchise net worth, Habs are third behind Leafs and Rangers. Just clearing up facts :)
Wings are years ahead of us in this department.
It'll be some good experience for our kids, even if (when) we get blown out. Experience aside, Bergevin has already come out and said anyone who doesn't want to play for health or family health-related reasons doesn't have to if they so choose.
Hi friend. You look for mine and I'll look for yours, alright?
I wonder if they go after Holtby.
Yeh it's going 5 games for sure. IF Price goes Roy-mode, we could have an interesting series against the Pens. Also Chi-Edm and Van-Min have potential to be great series'. Can't wait!
Errrrr, perhaps Oregon is searching for the ducks university team, no? Also, fuck Boston.
Wait what? TIL.
Those two 1st could very well be 28th-32nd pick....
Basketball is undoubtedly the biggest bandwagon sport in the world. Edit: Plus an individual player has the potential to have so much more of an impact vs other team sports due to small roster size.
I can see Hudon peacing to Europe (Switz, considering he speaks French?) if he gets cut and can't land another NHL spot.
Don't quote me, but I feel like he said he was pumped for the playoffs(?)
This league is such a fucking hack sometimes. Guess Toronto is getting home ice advantage too then. Classic.
Yehhh... I think there's a case to be made that he was the most valuable player to his team in the entire league. He should win the vezina I would imagine.
So gross. We usually have to take about a dozen bags of ketchup chips down to friends when we festival state-side though. Although I haven't been down in 2 years and it appears you can find them in Washington and Oregon now....
We're not really. I've had poutine at like 3 different places in Melbourne and once in Sydney. Only been home twice the last decade though so my memory is fuzzy. There's a chip shop down by Flinders Street Station that does it if you're in the burn. Also a burger joint somewhere around Brunswick. I feel like I found it somewhere in Newtown of you're in Sydney. Sorry to be vague and hope that helps!
It's pretty simple. I just came home inebriated at 4am and whipped one up in 16min. Quebecois will lose it if the curds aren't squeaky enough though.
I had some in Newtown about a decade ago. To be fair I've never even seen cheese curds at a grocery store in Aus.
Ah beat me to the punch. Good job.
I never connected the dots with the meat packing plants. TIL.
A generational talent centreman from Montreal, drafted in Montreal. Wait what?
There's good and bad. I wouldn't live there.
Aka "Whistralia"
Yeh coffee here is shit.
I love it.
Replace seats with Adirondack (deck) chairs.
I got dive bombed by 2 cockies once and legit had a fear of birds for like 3 years. Flying daggers.
Why are you the way that you are?
I feel sorry for brand loyalists when it doesn't have to do with things like, in this case, the clothing fit or quality. I built the off-white store in my city. What I learned from that experience is that people are chumps.
Hydrox sounds like an evil robot overlord.
Try taking it in anyway. There's a place in my city (dunno if it's actually an official dewalt dealer?) that is really great at fixing/replacing tools. They don't ask for a receipt or anything.
I don't play vids any more cuz I get way too sucked in, but this looks fun. Also something something boaty mcboatface
Hockey does beards. Think lumberjack. Only one player has a porn stache and he gets ridiculed relentlessly for it.
But their freedom
God forbid there isn't at least one American host city. Safety should be the top priority.
100F = 38C.
Because we MuSt GrOw ThE gAmE. Hockey popularity in the desert &gt; player safety.
Is Ontario and Quebec is Struggling? They should do it in the maritimes (Halifax?) since they are really winning the battle out there. Wasn't any new cases in NB (where my gf is from) for two weeks until a plane from America landed according to what I've been told.
shockedpikachuface.jpg The first two telling images I saw regarding "muh freedumb!" Was of a Jacksonville beach and a bar on Arizona. Not to mention the fact that these two states are places retirees flock to.
Not to mention the Americans that are lying and say they're driving to Alaska and coming here for vacation. We need to build a wall! And America will pay for it!
We don't want it at the Bell Centre anyway, we suck at home this year!
Ok so nobody is mentioning it here, but I thought Domi said he was playing?? God I have a terrible memory.
I think if we ever start getting back to the playoffs, eventually the first round exits will get tiring.
I'm no linguist, but most profanities in the English language stem from "toilet humour" (genitalia, excrement, sex, etc). When you call someone a "dick", the sentiment isn't that they are a penis, but that's what the word literally means if you want to get semantic. As a fellow Aussie, get the sand outta your vagina /s
110Freedom units = 43.3C.
Depends. I'd take a dry 43C over a humid 30C. Places like Toronto and New York are disgusting in the summer at 30C.
Hockey has to resume at some point. The league will finish the season, even if it's in October.
Casino around the corner from Rogers Arena as well.
This is a fair point. I'm interested in what will happen with the restaurant and hotel staff? Because you guys have like 600 new cases a day, we are down to under 10 here in Vancouver. Of course Bettman is biased and wants Vegas to be a hub, but safety is priority here.
Floof birb r/partyparrot
I was wondering whether she learned this behaviour from a human.
You are clearly from a small town. The massive houses in every city I've ever lived in keep getting divided into more and smaller apartments. My house is divided into 3, 120 years old, and by no means nice. It's worth almost $2MM. This is a ridiculous figure, even for a $150k household.
This has been common knowledge for a long time.
They had to change it after the trademark infringement lawsuit Michael Alone slapped them with. Can't go up against large corporations like that.
Look at those pearly whites! Lol
I mean I think there's probably *some* Canucks fans in Seattle and Portland, but this city has enough money to keep it in the top 4-10. Although the last couple years have been slightly leaner in attendance, especially once they were eliminated from playoff contention. My busy got scalper tickets for $20 at one point!
Probably Kings @Buffalo in 94. Met the Kings, including Gretzky and his dad, Bruce McNall, Hrudey, Robataille, McSorley etc.
Without looking at stats, I keep reading that Dunn is overrated.
Is anyone else's OCD triggered by the fact that the Panthers is the only logo on an angle?
Or Cloak And Daggar if you're into mystery idioms.
You must be European. Not uncommon here in Canada to do a full 24hrs cross country/Toronto or Montreal-Miami (in winter weather), etc. Same in Australia Sydney-Perth/Adelaide-Darwin, etc. Multiple drivers, quick breaks, lots of coffee, etc.
Yeh I've done 20 or 21 about half a dozen times in my life. It's hell, but totally worth it under certain circumstances (festivals are fun). So. Much. Coffee and Red Bull.
I wonder what the carbon footprint vs air traffic would be in this case. I'd imagine this would be an expensive toll highway!
Mine is Frud.
I would gladly hang bird feeders of garbage if it meant I could sleep past 4-fucking-thirty in the morning. I love all animals, but god the crows test my patience to not purchase a slingshot.
Fuck yes. Hockey on my birthday for the first time ever!
Patrick Roy 93 playoff run. 10 OT wins. Literally dragged that team to the cup single-handedly.
To add, he's from Montreal.
Because 4/5 brands of painters tape will strip the paint completely off the wall if left for an extended period of time...
That's what they said at first, then I read that Vegas would play in Vegas (although that wasn't an official statement).
Did you hear the city/province is replacing controversial statutes with one's of Bonnie?
This is what I would do. Eastern conference teams can play in Edmonton time-shifted for Eastern conference viewers.
I lol'd.
We need 4 parts to be a legit team in this (tall) order: 1. Top-line LD 2. #1 C 3. Legit backup goalie 4. Shoot-first RW Targets this summer: Offersheet - Barzal, Sergachev FA - Crawford, Khudobin, Greiss, Halak, Turris, Dadonov, Toffoli
There's absolutely no mosquitoes in Vancouver. Regardless, considering how many people were hanging out around town this weekend, the players aren't going to be doing so.
I used to get these for my little bro for his birthday and such. This was the best one I got him.
Get him nothing. Tell him he's too old to care about birthday parties.
Play is scheduled to resume July 30th.
A report by Vancouver Sun yesterday stated we've had 7 new cases reported in the last 4 days. Meanwhile Vegas is setting new records daily. 455 new cases yesterday. The city has almost 3x the cases daily as our province's total cases. America is a fucking dumpster fire.
I mean the vast majority of votes will remain confidential...
I agree on expanded playoffs, but I'm not sure how you do the math on the 20 teams.
I'd be fine with shootouts if we had a 3-2-1 points system.
He's charismatic AF, not bad looking, ripped and well-off (soon to be loaded). I'm guessing he's "single", not literally single.
Out of the couple of votes I've heard so far, it's about 5-1 for Quinn. That being said, the vast majority of votes will remain undisclosed until the final results are announced, and I still expect Makar to win.
I care about the player's health and the economy of my city (Vancouver). America is a dumpster fire of irresponsibility and doesn't deserve to host and potentially infect athletes just because Gary wants his latest pet project to succeed.
Gary Galley. r/Habs fucking LOATHES him.
Crimea was annexed due to its strategic location. Oil transportation and militarily advantageous port. It seems more likely to me that nationalism and voter approval rating were mere biproducts of the annexation.
A Chinese market was found to be selling pangolin illegally/under the table here in Vancouver last year. I believe reddit busted them actually. The black market is hard to rigorously health inspect.
Except this is a real subject about real people's lives; not a toy.
Are you perhaps in the southern hemisphere, it's the beginning of winter there....
They clearly mean *currently*. Japan has changed a lot since WWII.
This seems counter-intuitive. Australia will obviously be the last of the three to rid themselves of the pandemic (if even possible).
I've never heard any "fucked up westerners tell each other" this. We're well aware of the reason some Asians prefer to not be tanned, at least where I live.
FTR, India (with apparently 20 casualties) initially claimed 43 Chinese casualties, and has now upped that to 50. As far as I'm aware, proof has yet to be provided.
Ya I'm confused. I appreciate the humour of your post.
[Here](https://reddit.com/r/pics/comments/hdly1j/the_fact_that_these_pictures_are_taken_63_years/fvmn1e2)
Thanks, Karen.
How the fuck do Americans survive on such a minuscule wage, and then pay for insane medical and education bills?
Wind-up doggo
Yeh I think we go to stage 3 here in Vancouver today, which means the film industry can open back up. Mind you, as of yesterday we had 7 new cases total in the last 4 days in the entire province, because we all quarantined and socially distanced when it mattered.
I'm no expert, but you'd probably want to do them at least every 5k on an engine with this mileage on it.
I think it's brought out the best in people here in Canada. Communities have really bonded to make sure everyone survives this thing together.
Classic. "I'll have a Coke please" "What kind?" "Yes."
And a house.
Pregnant women....
Dating is just a numbers game. Even if you're "undesirable" in whichever way, if you ask out enough people, someone is eventually bound to say yes.
Must be nice. Small town? I saw a smaller, cheaper cut than that for $19 Canadian yesterday.
Our banks are actually quarries.
Hot German Polka
I feel like there was a lot of lost opportunity not utilizing the star-burns character way more.
Have you tried buying more signal instead?
I'm more interested in seeing a crocodile try and catch a grizzly bear.
Yeh I'm pretty much over it.
The jerseys need to have lots of flames and three visors will just be Oakleys.
Arizona had 6000 new cases in one day last week. On the flip, we've had 39 new cases the last WEEK here in BC.
Yeh but players are probably going to want something better than what those slumlords run....
It's been sunny here almost every day since February, when spring started. It's been summer since early April. I've lived on 5 continents and Vancouver has 90-120 days of sunshine every summer and has one of the nicest summers for an international city on the planet. You don't know what you're talking about.
Great, "hotter" is exactly what a sport played on ice is looking for. Maybe the second hub city could be on the sun?
Yes that's very good. Vancouver has been at ~70 cases for the last 2 weeks for a city of about 3MM. Also very minimal risk.
Yes. Yes you do.
This is the correct answer.
Or an Alberta plate here in BC (not sure how much the govt is reinforcing that though).
This is what I was going to say, from what I hear about Ohio, that area could use the injection of another tourist attraction.
[Petition](https://www.change.org/p/mayor-ginther-columbus-city-council-change-the-name-of-columbus-ohio-to-flavortown?recruiter=7952210&amp;utm_source=share_petition&amp;utm_medium=twitter&amp;utm_campaign=psf_combo_share_initial&amp;utm_term=tap_basic_share&amp;recruited_by_id=5e426d40-a83a-11e6-9060-add9ca63c063)
I mean, most of those are corporate tickets. I worked for a large corporation in Toronto for several years, and their season tickets would often go unused. So they're paid for, but nobody actually used them. Still considered "sold".
Note this is for the province, not the city of Vancouver. Covid has been worse in the Fraser Valley (Chilliwack, Abbotsford), than the Lower Mainland Health Region Vancouver is located in.
I mean, I'd assume the "bubble" includes these workers. Although I agree compensation should be just, lots of people in the service industry are out of work right now and jumping at the bit for employment.
This is a valid point. Edmonton is logically the second best option after Vancouver though, as far as health and logistics/infrastructure are concerned.
I mean things are getting better in Canada. America however....
Or extra thanksgivingey.
Would be interesting, but I wouldn't hold my breath.
"Who is this?" "Great question Jeff"
Yehhh I've never followed a YouTuber before, but my gf just showed me Ross Creations and he is clearly such a creative and genuine dude. "Sure would be a shame...." Is an inside joke of ours now.
Talks like Boomhower from King of the Hill.
My parents are British and I can remember having butter on my corn with roast dinners when I was 4yo. Perhaps your friends are just shitty cooks.
NHL (hockey) players are being swabbed orally, so there are multiple types of tests. But yes, apparently the nasal swab is not a fun time.
It's called jealousy.
Reading all these comments, I'm glad all my friends are hippies and don't give a fuck about marriage. Ugh so much cringe.
Especially when you work in trades outdoors in -40C.
Star-burns and Magnitude
I feel like all Finns seem to be Jackets fans.
The league isn't going to honour that contract. Romanov won't be allowed to play this year.
Oh yeh this is a good way to get your cats murdered.
And eventually kill those cats.
Looks like a huntsman. Totally harmless. I named the one on my bedroom ceiling "George" and watched him grow for 3 months! They are good to keep around as they are not aggressive and eat poisonous spiders.
NORM!
None will bring me to tears - it's just a game - but it will be saddest if Jumbo Joe retires without a cup.
I dunno how you kids do it. My girlfriend and I both left the nest at 17.
If this pandemic has taught me one thing, it's how truly fucking moronic a large percentage of society truly is.
Leafs is based off army patches/badges (but sure of correct terminology here), not literally leaves. Apparently that makes it grammatically correct.
Flavortown Porkchops.
BC has literally all this... Plus the Pacific ocean... And no cowboys in Vancouver.
Hi neighbour!
Literally.
Surely the premier would of ok'd this with her before he made the bid though?
Toronto seems super risky to me. Vancouver and Edmonton are the safe choices.
Regardless, I'm really appreciative of the fact that we have such a strong leader keeping us safe through these crazy times.
Yeh this.
Yeh this is what I don't understand either. This just shows how Ill-prepared the NHL truly is. What the fuck have they been doing the whole time?!
The stopped the storm surge celebrations Lat year at the end of the regular season. Seems a bit much to do it after an intense playoff game, yeah?
I also never knew until recently. As if I wasn't scared enough to have kids before...
Canada has slightly higher taxes than the US and is ranked #1 in the world.
Internet is fast and cheap in Canada. Don't ask about the mobile bills though....
Does Winterpeg have light rail?
Yeh but what's the minimum wage there? I'm guessing similar to Australia around $20 to work at McDonald's? I think you only get $15 here and I wouldn't be surprised if we were the province with the highest in the country.
I also live in western Canada and can't walk a block without finding a well-paying job.
What? BC is a leading region for least covid deaths per capita in North America and Europe.
My favourite line in the movie. Goodman delivers it so perfectly.
They've also knowingly killed millions (billions?) of bees with pesticide and then paid off farmers with hush money. Fuck Bayer.
They're notorious for it. Israel loves their psytrance, which originated in Goa, India. It's a party pilgrimage.
They're notorious for it. Israel loves their psytrance, which originated in Goa, India. It's a party pilgrimage.
I've been everywhere in Washington. The difference in character from the coast to the interior is astounding.
Not with that attitude there isn't.
There's sturgeon in Scotland? Huh till. Those things can grow to a good 6m/18' if I'm not mistaken. Very plausible to mistake that for a "monster" if one didn't know what they were looking at hundreds (?) of years ago. That famous pic was a fake.
This man screams r/photoshopbattles
Ah well, I'll always side with what the good doctor says is best. In hindsight, I'd rather not risk a community outbreak for the sake of a hundred jobs being created in town. Conservative governments have been way more lax regarding safety protocol during the pandemic, so congrats and good luck Edmonton.
Hydro can be extremely damaging to the environment.
Savage.
This season is fucked.
I'm really trying to not get my hopes up here. Blows that it's a second lottery, and that the odds are even. I will lose my shit if we "magically" end up drafting Laffy.
That was my first thought. It totally is. We're going first....
Essentially, we're half-way to a one in a million chance of snagging first pick. The kid going first this year is regarded as a generational talent (like Crosby for example), and just happens to be from Montreal. The 8 teams that lose the play-in (first) round will all have an equal chance at that first overall pick in a second lottery later on. It's kind of confusing. Essentially they just had a lottery for the top 7 teams, plus 1 place-holder. The place-holder defied all odds and got the first pick. It was a 2.5% chance.
3 &amp; 4 are def Chicago and Edmonton.
I think fireworks would be reasonable.
Americans are really weird about taxes. But that's pretty much what the nation was founded on though, so I get it. Still, they're getting robbed.
Thanks. Great explanation. Excuse my ignorance, but what is the issue with having different equipment?
I think they should just rotate the order systematically. Every team gets to draft first overall once every 32 years. Then it's fair for everyone.
According to my next door neighbour, who is a conductor, apparently rail cars roll so well they can be pushed by a single person.
I mean they look and behave pretty similarly, so I wouldn't be surprised.
I was working in a prep kitchen and used latex gloves to chop up about 100 jalapeños. Had to go to the bathroom, removed gloves, took a leak.... OH. MY. GOD. Worst sensation of my life.
I don't get it.
It's popular for bar tops.
I thought it was going to be a shitty morph or turn into pirate-speak.
Can you explain the "left want us dead" statement?
I also get my facts from The Hockey Guy. Thanks Steve Warne.
Exactly. Hopefully the bubble contains any outbreaks for the communities' sake.
Heinz 57 is great.
I dunno why everyone is complaining about the paintbrush numbers, I think they look great for an expansion team look.
Can't wait for this kid to make the jump. We've got some great defensive prospects in the pipeline.
I suggested a consolation round-robin when the season was cancelled. The NHL should award the winning team the allstar game or the draft next year for the fun of it.
Everyone did. Stefan was a HIGHLY touted prospect.
I don't understand how they don't for movies longer than 90 minutes . Especially when movie theatres have giant drinks with unlimited refills...
I've gone on multiple train trips through rural Europe. Always love chilling at these little stations in the middle of nowhere when transferring.
A meal costs $20 on average for me here in Vancouver (including just simple sandwiches for lunch). $300/$20 = 15 meals. I also have a vegetable garden approx 72' sq.
So little face masks...
They're bored of Trump (easy target) and don't want to do him any more, but they're kind of stuck now.
The WORST province, Quebec, is down to 80 new cases a day. Some provinces and areas haven't had a new case in a month. We didn't act like morons up here and have subdued the plague.
Fuckin hard eye roll at this take....
Is the US *really* a first world country at this point?
I think Sergachev should be top priority for a Habs offer sheet. Him ands Barzal (grew up in a family of Habs fans apparently).
Bettman rigged the draft to finally pay us back for burying John Scott, and to stoke the Leaf-Habs rivalry. One can dream. I'm trying not to get my hopes up.
This reminds me of my dad accidentally calling the dish washer the washing machine growing up.
Not sure about the states, as people STILL seem to be brainwashed into thinking this pandemic is FaKe NeWs, but the travel industry has taken a massive hit on a global scale. Those people may just be happy to have work again. Not to mention being around 12-teams worth of professionally a athletes for 2 months will probably produce INSANE tips....
Rick Dhaliwal is a huge fucking Homer for the Canucks, but gets inside info
We built a wall.
.500 on the road in the playoffs is pretty good IMO.
I think the original profile logo with thicker lines would be sweet.
Yeh this number means nothing. It should be percentage of capacity.
In a way not unlike some American teams get away with selling 4 tickets, 4 hot dogs and 2 hats for less than the price of a single ticket in most Canadian markets.
Considering studies are coming out now saying immunity is not guaranteed after contracting covid, being "for" the herd immunity strategy would be daft...
Studies are showing people do not necessarily stay immune to covid after contracting it.
Nope. Teams seeded based on win pct, Lafreniere comes home to Montreal.
93 Habs were extremely mediocre. Top names were Vincent Damphousse, Russ Courtnall, Guy Carbonneau, and John LeClair. Steep cliff after that.
You must be young. Tonya Harding was an American figure skater. [In January 1994, Harding became embroiled in controversy when her ex-husband, Jeff Gillooly, orchestrated an attack on her fellow U.S. skating rival Nancy Kerrigan. ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tonya_Harding) There was recently a movie released about the story, [I, Tonya](https://m.imdb.com/title/tt5580036/).
I don't think failure should be rewarded. Rotate team draft positions every year systematically. Every team gets 1st pick once every 32 years. The end.
You'll keep Lehner and trade Flower.
We'll take Sergachev back please.
Seems like the Sens got a great deal for EK though.... Avs got a kings ransom for Duschene....
Agreed.
I mean you are a bit late on that one. Their value skyrocketed the first week they went public. I love meat, but I'm seriously considering becoming vegetarian after so many recent events. Clearly our meat isn't being processed to very high standards, unfortunately.
Yeh sorry, we built a wall. Border is closed to America. We've handled the pandemic in a mature and responsible manner. We don't need more cases coming into the country and disrupting our return to normalcy.
There absolutely does not have to be a middle ground between entertainment and the safety of the general public.
If they're contained in a bubble, you're not going to see them.....
