yeah uh the book scenes were pretty damn creepy too. I mean it's not like she could say no.
I agree. Jordan was flipping gender stereotypes all the time, to show how crazy they are with the genders swapped. I just don't see him meaning it as a joke.
I guess I just didn't get the impression that Drogo would have been okay with her refusing him sex, especially not more than once. I do think their relationship became healthier, and Drogo saw her as a person rather than property, but yeah the beginning of it still skeeved me out.
no.
This almost happened to me, except I was trying to put floating lockers on top of it. Don't ask me why. It tipped almost all the way over and fortunately righted itself after I jumped off.
Sure! * The prose! It was very atmospheric, for lack of a better word. It created this really mysterious and beautiful ambiance. * Organic worldbuilding, without info-dumping. * Strong male/female friendship without a romance. * Interesting premise, one I hadn't seen before. * Great villain--very creepy. One of my top literary villains, for sure. Some of the pacing was a little slow, and a few plot points were convoluted, but still a fantastic book IMO. It's weird, though, so I'm sure it's not for everyone.
I hope you enjoy it!
Moiraine and Siuan from Wheel of Time. Especially after reading their backstory in New Spring. I'm still SUPER BITTER that [SPOILERS LAST BOOK](/s "They didn't reunite, at least on-screen, before Siuan died. Rage.") Can I also ship a character with nobody, instead of who they ended up with in the book? Because mine would be Elayne (WoT) + no one. I felt she was the weakest of the "love square" and it would have fit her character more to be alone.
Yeah, uh...if this is true I did not know it. There are a lot that are just totally sealed, so I don't bother touching them.
Also from Shoreline and I can't wait for it to actually get to Shoreline...ha.
He really is awesome. I got to hang out with him a bit on the A Memory of Light tour, since I was a volunteer at the signing. He is so nice, and chill, and he stayed until like 1am just so he could talk to the very last fans in the line!
Moiraine Damodred.
That is the most professional burn I have seen in a long time. I'm inspired.
Ron Swanson?
I'm so sorry. ♥️
I was terrified of them because I accidentally found one in a cave somewhere in the mushroom forest and had no idea what it was. Later, I came across one swimming in the open (bulb zone) and it was so tiny and harmless looking that somehow they aren't as scary now, even with their creepy hypnosis. (Also, I knifed it to death.)
I've been going through phases of puttering around my base, fixing it up and making it fancy, and then running out of things to make so I have to venture back out again to get new materials. Then a fish runs into my Seamoth, and I promptly crap myself and flee back to my base. Repeat forever.
I found it less scary once I built a base. The lifepod seemed so flimsy and I never really felt safe there. I spent a long time building a good base. Then I started setting expedition goals. Maybe it's "finally visit Lifepod #X" or "collect X amount of X material." I stock up with food, water, and first aid kits, make sure all my batteries are charged, and repair my Seamoth. I take it slow and explore along the way to my goal, knowing that if anything goes wrong I can always go back home. Doing this over and over, I'm much more comfortable in many zones that originally terrified me. It also helps to know the patterns of the various creatures there (yes, even the super scary ones), and how to avoid or deal with them. And the further I explore, the more materials I can gather, letting me upgrade my vehicles/suit/tools/etc, making me feel even safer.
Great review! I just went and read the Kindle sample on Amazon. The writing is really lovely and I'm already drawn into the environment. I think I'll pick up a copy.
Yup. I love WoT (it's one of my favorite fantasy series) but it's not without flaws. The TV series can eliminate huge blocks of descriptive text, for example, purely through costumes and set design.
Right?!?!? Your kid has oily hands now, great plan, mom. I bet they'd try to sue if the kid slipped and fell, too.
Hahaha I just went there last night. I did have the depth module but was not expecting those fuckers to MOVE MY SEAMOTH WTF. It meant I had to swim a lot farther to get back, and I almost died. 0/10 would not do again. (except I have to because I didn't get everything from that location that I needed. fml.) I'm impressed you didn't drown. It seemed like it took forever to drive my Seamoth straight up to the surface.
PS, I found tons of those fragments in the mushroom forest, which is right by the jellyshroom cave entrance(s). That zone is awesome because it's quite safe. Plus, the mushrooms are pretty! There are a number of other important fragments there, too.
I have severe thalassophobia and I've managed to get by so far. The game is so well done that I want to keep playing despite that fear. I've taken everything reeeeally slowly as I get used to each new zone, and some things that terrified me at first are non-issues now. (Some stuff will always be scary though.) Give it a shot, and if you can't handle it then no worries--it was free! That's the only reason I got the game, too.
They spawn on the big tree in the NW mushroom zone, I think that's where I found my first one.
&gt; peruse you Now I'm just imagining &gt;!them standing around watching you with academic interest, occasionally making contemplative noises.!&lt;
Ah, gotcha. Yeah I just pointed the Seamoth up and hoped I'd find the way out, haha. I was legit panicking. Luckily it was pretty easy to find, but man. This game.
You can also feed them fish (by having a fish in your hand when they approach), and they get tame for awhile and start bringing you scrap metal and playing with it. It's kinda cute.
Yeah I'm the "computer girl" in my office. Today my coworker "accidentally made all the words big!" and without looking up, I just told her to hold down Ctrl and move the scroll wheel to get the text size she wanted. This is legitimately the 7-8th time she's done this, and I've told her the exact same solution. Then I get the "oh, happypolychaetes, you're just so *good* with computers!!!" spiel. I regret everything.
Reg CC has no restrictions about what banks can or cannot cash. However, considering many people say "cashed" when they mean "deposited," I have a feeling the husband deposited it. His bank would have been rightfully suspicious of a sudden large deposit, but there's no rule saying they couldn't give him the cash for it. I work at a bank and most deposits are made available immediately, for customer convenience.
&gt; The fact that Mat’s eye for a good ankle never remarks on her inevitable cankles is completely unrealistic. ...this is a very good point. 😂
I hate to break it to you, but...if you wanna progress the story...:( I had pretty good luck hugging the side of the Aurora until I got to the front, then darting through the first gap in the hull. I know there's a reaper down there (hi Sammy) but I only saw him once and it was when I was deeper and farther around the front of the ship. I made it to the Aurora safely doing this method 3x, so hopefully it works for you too!
I believe the only way to get into the Aurora is in the front. I also recommend having a propulsion cannon, laser cutter, and fire extinguisher(s). The first time I went there I didn't have the cannon or the laser cutter, and I still got a fair amount of exploration. But those will make your life easier. :) I won't say anything else other than make sure to explore thoroughly once you're in. Lots to find!
Yep, that island is full of diamonds, gold, and lithium.
My first death was basically this experience, except obviously I didn't make it back out. At 10 sec O2 left I just gave up, because I was so disoriented.
You need to go to the Aurora to get the &gt;!escape rocket blueprint!&lt;. It's also nice to &gt;!repair the radiation leaks so you don't have to wear the radiation suit anymore nearby, but it's not necessary of course.!&lt;
I really should give that series another go...I didn't hate PoT but it was just such a strange story, with such an unlikeable protagonist.
Avempartha was originally the second book when the series had six smaller books, but they were combined into omnibus editions; so Theft of Swords--the first omnibus book--contains The Crown Conspiracy and Avempartha. Theft of Swords is what I'm referring to as the weakest book.
I had one of those once! I'd felt it under my skin for months, and it got more and more painful. It didn't look like a zit, though, more like a black smudge that hurt when I touched it. Finally I hopped up on the bathroom counter armed with tweezers and a sterilized needle, and for the better part of three hours I poked and prodded until I'd gotten it out. It legitimately looked like a big piece of gravel, and left an actual hole in my cheek. I put antiseptic on a qtip, swabbed it around in there, and called it a night. In the morning I showed it to my mom and she was really impressed.
Excellent advice. Have you read The Gift of Fear? This is one of the big things the author talks about.
&gt; On a day of fire and blood, a tattered banner waved above Dumai’s Wells, bearing the ancient symbol of Aes Sedai. &gt; On a day of fire and blood and the One Power, as prophecy had suggested, the unstained tower, broken, bent knee to the forgotten sign. &gt; The first nine Aes Sedai swore fealty to the Dragon Reborn, and the world was changed forever.
And this is why Jordan's battle scenes are still my favorite in fantasy. No one else can write them like he could.
Isn't that the problem, though? It's so easy to convince yourself that all these little tiny expenses don't matter, but then when you add them all up, it can be significant. I feel like that's a huge contributor to getting into credit card debt, and not being able to pay it off.
Lol we have a Deebot too. We named him Deebot Chopra. He also has googly eyes and is pretty stupid, but he gets the job done.
I drive a little Honda Fit and every time I see a SUV, pickup, or semi truck flying up behind me I think how screwed I would be....
Washington State is pretty drastic when you go over any of the Cascade passes. East and west of the Cascades are basically different planets.
He hasn't even gotten an agent or been published yet. He just "hopes he finds an audience." I know getting published incredibly hard, but the impression I got coming in here was that he was already a successful author. What's even the point of this ama, then?
I'm glad I'm not the only one who turns the sound off in tense situations...lol.
Also another way to look at the Dumai's Wells scene is although it seems very epic on its face--hooray, Taim and the Black Tower arrive to save the day! yay Rand!--it's actually quite horrifying to see the Asha'man unleashed. They are straight up death machines, and unlike the Aes Sedai, they have no vows preventing them from killing. The implications of that are quite chilling. In my opinion, that was just as good as a "twist." Oh and for what it's worth, LOC isn't my favorite book, either. It's got some great pieces but it rates solidly in the middle for me.
"I have Juan again, Luis Therin."
&gt; Nynaeve puts helping people and the world first. Egwene puts the Tower first. It wasn't that she was obnoxious to me, but more like a person who had willfully given up her humanity and became a thing rather than a person. What she is became more important than who she is. I see it a little differently. Spoiler tagging this to be safe: &gt;!Healing and reforming the Tower *is* Egwene wanting to help the world; she believes "giving up her humanity" / becoming a symbol is the best way to do that. (I don't entirely agree, *but* I understand her motivation, and I think it came from a good place.) Without people like her to encourage and implement systematic change, people like Nynaeve would have been much less effective.!&lt;
I always just swim backwards. It seems to break their grip. Then I dart behind them and knife them. Or just swim away really fast, that too.
I found it helped immensely to have the Seamoth defense system there. I'd pop it a couple times and the sharks would swim away. I also turned the headlights off while exploring wrecks and always came back to a basically full health Seamoth. Maybe I just got lucky...I still hated that zone because seeing the floating islands lurking in the gloom gave me the willies.
That picture is way creepier than I expected.
Except dirt and grease weigh something ;)
&gt; Well unless you are like me, and have a pack addiction, and like buying new packs every couple of months. It's a sickness Me, buying a new pack: "This will complete my pack collection!" Me, two months later, buying a new pack: "This will complete my pack collection!"
My old Gregory Deva has a water bottle pocket like this. The pack is heavy AF but I loved that feature!
I buy big bags of the Thai loose leaf tea at 99 Ranch Market (to make Thai iced tea). I didn't know they sold it in ready-to-go packets...oh man...
Legasov and Shcherbina appear to have aged 10+ years in 11 months. Radiation is a bitch....
Chernobyl level burn
if you read her account of the whole thing it's even sadder than the TV version. She recounts sitting with her dying husband and he's coughing up pieces of his organs, so she wraps her hands for protection and pulls the organ-bits out of his mouth so he can breathe. :'( edit--here's the excerpt: &gt; The last two days in the hospital -- I'd lift his arm, and meanwhile the bone is shaking, just sort of dangling, the body has gone away from it. Pieces of his lungs, of his liver, were coming out of his mouth. He was choking on his internal organs. I'd wrap my hand in a bandage and put it in his mouth, take out all that stuff. It's impossible to talk about. It's impossible to write about. And even to live through. It was all mine. &gt; [Source](https://www.npr.org/2006/04/21/5355810/voices-of-chernobyl-survivors-stories)
And they were so young. Just kids. It made the whole thing even sadder.
yeah that visual was actually super helpful to someone who isn't a nuclear physicist...
holy shit, that's awful. I hope the responsible party was at least charged with something...
Wow. That's just...really tragic. I mean I get being suicidal, I've been to the brink quite a few times--thanks, depression--but never did it cross my mind to kill *other* people along with myself. This sounds trite but I hope you and your family are doing okay, at least as well as possible under the circumstances. :(
Seriously. Just put a bullet in my head.
I am doing better now, overall. Thank you. Hopefully the worst is far behind me. It's never really gone, though, which sucks. Always lurking in the background of my brain, that faint whisper that says, "You know, you could just kill yourself." But at the same time I think it gives me more empathy for people in these types of situations. It's an understanding you can't really have unless you've been there, you know? And I want anyone else who's on the brink to know that they aren't alone, that someone understands, and it's okay to feel that way or not to feel anything at all. You're right there are a number of mental health conditions that could contribute to suicidal thoughts. I have no idea what the guy was going through, and am not his therapist or his doctor, but while what he did was absolutely heinous, it's still just...fucking sad. I'm glad I could brighten your day a bit. I understand feeling shitty about humanity. I love the quote by Fred Rogers: "When I was a boy and I would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, 'Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping.'"
I'd never heard of it and now I'm on the hold list behind a bazillion other people at the library. I'd like to think that effect is due to the show!
Very true, a shitty combo.
it's true, it is a weird "there and not there" club. I think of it almost as a bridge between the two worlds, helping people on both sides understand one another better. We can all use a reminder that we aren't alone, friend. I'm glad I could be yours today. Be well &lt;3
It's heart wrenchingly sad. I had to keep reminding myself while watching the show that this was *real,* these were real people who lived and loved and died. God, poor Lyudmilla. She never even got to hold her baby girl. The empty crib scene in the show just broke me.
This is almost universally true in my experience as well. My sister just got married and they registered at REI (along with a couple other places) and people were so confused by it. "Why would I get you a headlamp, what do you use that for? Don't you want a blender instead?" blah blah.
The amazing thing is this is massive foreshadowing for &gt;!Egwene in the final book!&lt;.
Not silly at all. Moana is amazing!
Yeah but that fucking basement scene, holy shit.
I know right? I have to force myself to eat just to maintain my (already low) weight while running 3-4x/week. I want to add lifting but I just can't force myself to eat even more. :( I think I'm going to have to try substituting some strength training for a day of running, or something.
That microphone bit made me forget it was TV for a sec. Too real.
I got this book as a Bingo prize and was really excited since it'd been on my TBR. Yeah what the actual fuck was that.
Yeah I really thought it was poorly done. I *think* (?) I know where the author was trying to go with it, although he spectacularly failed IMO. &gt;!Some survivors do seek out sex afterwards as a way to take back control after such a horrible violation of their body. I was assaulted and while I never personally used that method of coping, I get the thought process. Some reviewers have criticized the concept of wanting to have sex shortly after rape as "unrealistic" and that's just not true. The issue is this very sensitive subject was not written well, at all, so it ended up just looking like every other tone-deaf author who thought they needed to throw in a little rapin' to develop a female character.!&lt;
&gt; When your getting raped, do you not yell, scream, fight back, make noise? I'm not disagreeing about reasonable doubt in criminal trials, but I have to point out that many people freeze up in terror. I did. He had a knife and I was so terrified I couldn't move or make a sound. It was like my body literally shut down. It sucks but if there had been people sleeping nearby they would probably never have noticed a thing.
&gt;you know when you see a group of guys on the sidewalk ahead and you just KNOW they're going to be trouble. You dread walking past them the whole way. I got anxious just thinking about this. I know exactly what you mean. :(
Two of my favorite things...Debussy and space. Beautiful. Thank you for sharing this!
I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of the Magma quilts show up in garage sales, too. People not familiar with quilts may buy one without realizing what it is, and end up returning it.
Oh I forgot about those laws, that is a bummer!
I have a Granite Gear Crown2 38, I'm a 5'9'' woman with average hips/bust and weigh ~140. I find it *super* comfortable for what it's worth. FYI, the 38L only comes in one torso size (regular). The nice thing is you can get it through REI, and have a year to return it if it doesn't work out for her.
I bothered REI's customer service again about the status of the Magma quilts (which I ordered on backorder during their Memorial Day sale), and they gave me an estimated ship date of June 21. After all the hassle I had with this order (it somehow got cancelled, and then they re-did it, but now my account shows two non-cancelled orders) I'll just be happy if it shows up. But I was hoping to do a weekend trip soon and I want it nowwwwwww
It's like the stupid doggo talk meme came to life...
\#susanalbumparty
/r/fellowkids
THAT'S NOT CHEDDAR!
This makes me physically uncomfortable, well done something something /r/thalassophobia
I'd pass out, no joke. It's making me clammy just imagining it.
Throwing in another vote for the Nemo, although I've only slept on the regular width one. It's so comfy though.
Yeah, it's going to be bad again this summer. I'm already prepared to lose an entire month to smoke for the third year in a row. Ugh.
The Wheel of Time by Robert Jordan The Riyria Revelations by Michael J. Sullivan Winternight Trilogy by Katherine Arden The Shattered Sigil Trilogy by Courtney Shafer The Chronicles of Narnia by C. S. Lewis The Lord of the Rings by J. R. R. Tolkien Harry Potter by J. K. Rowling The Stormlight Archive by Brandon Sanderson A Song of Ice and Fire by George R. R. Martin Archivist Wasp by Nicole Kornher-Stace
I wish my hair did anything resembling that, lol. The struggle is real.
Or just thrown him in the river...
That does describe children fairly well, in my experience. Also cats.
The gatekeeping, oh, the gatekeeping. Like you have to pass some arbitrary test or you're not a "real" fan. "Oh, you like [hobby]? Then tell me [utterly obscure, irrelevant fact]." All said with a maddening air of superiority.
I have been there, although it was years ago. Of course most people visiting national parks aren't slobs, but the fact they are some of the most famous natural sites in the country just means they tend to get a higher number of clueless/asshole visitors. It's particularly bad in the super popular parks (e.g. Grand Canyon, Yosemite, Yellowstone, Smokey Mtns), and the ones that are, for lack of a better term, "Instagram famous."
Props. I am *so* timid and passive and hate confrontation, but fortunately my husband isn't afraid to say something so I just make him do it. Ha. Your story reminds me of the time I were in Yellowstone years ago. We saw a family trying to put their toddler *on top of a bison*, for a photo. I thought my dad was going to have an aneurysm.
Me too, I exit in Bothell so I only have a tiny window where I can see it. Always makes me smile!
Former Midwesterner here, too, and yeah. Rainier is awesome and I will never get tired of it &lt;3
Michigan!
"Your soul is pure white." :')
A couple times the central air has gone out in my office and despite never noticing it when it's on, holy *shit* it's eerily quiet without it. It's one of those things that you know something is "wrong" but don't know what, until someone points it out.
I used to live in Walla Walla and yeah basically no one knows eastern WA exists.
Holy shit you are D&amp;D!
Somehow I never realized this, despite having seen it around the internet for over a decade....TIL
I love when Airbnb hosts do this! My husband and I stayed in a treehouse Airbnb and the host delivered fresh breakfast every morning. It was amazing.
Yup, these are the ones I use for Skurka's beans &amp; rice. But they're good plain! I also put them in tortillas for an easy burrito. They have black beans too which I like even better.
Totally agree, if she'd focused on the vampire/werewolf culture and politics, instead of the stupid love triangle, it would have been a way better series.
Even normal size boobs. They get randomly sore AF, and even walking hurts. I have to cup them when I walk down stairs (or grit my teeth in pain, if I'm in public).
I hate it when I'm running and I see a guy (or group of guys) ahead of me, and have no way to avoid passing them, and somehow I just know they're going to be trouble. I had a group of teenage boys grab for me as I passed, and joke about smacking my ass. Then they laughed as I sped up to run away. This was at night and my husband was just ahead of me on the trail, in fact, he'd just passed them. Another time I was alone and had two drunk guys chase me. It was broad daylight, around 11am on a Sunday, in a nice-ish residential neighborhood. I could hear their feet pounding on the pavement behind me, getting louder and closer, and I was so exhausted (I'd already ran 10 miles or so) my legs refused to speed up. The guys were laughing and yelling at me, I don't even remember what they said. Finally they caught up and were on each side of me and I saw one of them reach towards me. A car came around the corner and seemed to spook them, and finally my adrenaline kicked in and I bolted. But I still cried all the way home. It's so frustrating because my husband just doesn't get it. I mean I know he believes me, but he doesn't ever see it happen. He doesn't experience it. He can't possibly understand it because it has literally never happened to him, and never will (at least not on the same level). It makes me so angry.
like when you correct someone who assumes you're a guy, and then apparently that means you're an attention seeker for "making everything about gender." ok, bro, you do you.
Yeah exactly. Like he absolutely believes me, it's just hard to really "get" it because he's never seen it.
Holy fuck glad he's an ex, what an utter douche. I'm really sorry that happened to you. :(
but how am I going to read my daily dose of "hi guys can you please explain ultralight to me" posts? :(
GEEEEEEEENE!
holy shit
He was in rehab weeks before the finale aired so it had nothing to do with the negative fan reactions. But yeah he definitely didn't seem thrilled with the ending.
BONE QUEST A sexually repressed young person goes on a journey.
There is so much diverse natural beauty in this world. Every landscape is beautiful in its own way, whether it's desert rocks or lush green jungle, snowcapped peaks or white sand beaches. Even the "boring" places are beautiful. Gently waving grass as far as your eye can see. Rustling leaves of the forest canopy overhead. Insects buzzing in the cornfields. Wherever you are, find beauty. It's there, waiting, if you only open your eyes to see it.
Yeah, Murder Mystery. I watched it last night. It was pretty funny actually, way better than any of his other recent stuff.
Fuck politeness!
I wouldn't risk it. I've always taken them in my checked luggage and wrapped the tips in socks to keep them from poking holes in anything. Or, if it's the only thing you'd be checking and it costs $25 each way, shipping would be cheaper.
This was from a backpacking trip last July. We did the Snowmass to East Snowmass Creek loop, which was a gorgeous 21 mile loop with a surprising amount of solitude considering its proximity to the famous Four Pass Loop. The trail crosses three passes and part of it overlaps with the Four Pass Loop (Snowmass Lake to Buckskin Pass).
&gt; Here come two guys in shorts and tennis shoes, no pack, no water, etc. I legitimately don't understand the thought process of these people. Must be the same as those who decide to take a hike at noon into the Grand Canyon with only a 12 oz disposable water bottle.
Yep, I use it religiously during the shoulder seasons when trail/road conditions can vary wildly. WTA is great.
No, people wanted a well written ending. I would have been fine with almost every single outcome if it had been written better and not crammed into a few episodes. All those plot points needed two full seasons at least. Heck, the ramifications of a certain event in the finale should have been multiple episodes.
holy shit I don't know what to do with my hands *incoherent flailing*
I fucking love Rosamund Pike and I'm ridiculously excited about this. She has the perfect cool, calm, collected air about her, but she can be terrifying when she needs to (see: Gone Girl). Aughhhh I can't wait.
And according to him, Pike is reading the series and is already about halfway through. This is sounding better and better.
Exactly. I always imagined it as someone who's impossible to figure out their age. Like, are they 25 or 45? I just can't tell. Not, they look 18 when they're actually 300. Or whatever.
I think it's a little bit of column A, a little bit of column B.
Me too!
I see what you did there.
I think it does show the range of her acting skills, though. She's very good at portraying calm/cool/collected through her facial expressions, voice, and body language. She just oozes the "I'm in control here" vibe. But then she can also be fucking terrifying. That range and subtlety is what will make her a good Moiraine, IMO.
Or just show Rand basically drooling over her, lol.
I'm sorry but I still can't come to terms with the Seanchan's Texas accents, haha.
He turned down the role IIRC.
I know I didn't, and I've been around a long time. Oops. Learn something new every day!
&gt; my copy of LoC has a Draghkar on the cover Ah yes, the cover where Rand looks like a terrible romance novel hero.
Yeah the original US covers are pretty bad, but I still love them for the nostalgia haha. And nothing can beat Nicolas Cage on the cover of EOTW!
Ah fuck. I was really hoping he'd be found okay, but every day passing made it less and less likely. Condolences to the family. :( I wouldn't be surprised to hear if there was a lawsuit against the rental agency. Although if they started the search two days earlier it probably wouldn't have made a difference if he died from falling.
You're thinking of Stuart Townsend, who was originally cast as Aragorn and got replaced by Viggo. Apparently Nic Cage was offered it previously but declined.
Yeah I was totally getting a vibe. I just loved them.
Taking my Crown2 38 out for the first time this weekend on a short loop in the Alpine Lakes Wilderness (sadly, not the Enchantments). It's been a little finicky to get adjusted comfortably so I hope I can get things dialed in. TPW is &lt;18lbs including 2+ lbs of food, 1.5L of water, and fuel. Baseweight is ~12lbs. Heavier than many of y'all, but it's a huge improvement for me! To put it in perspective, my overnight trips used to be 25-30lbs TPW. Also my Magma quilt just shipped today (after a month of backorder) and will arrive Monday. FML.
I'm a 34C also, but it fluctuates depending on hormones and stuff. Seconding the Patagonia barely bra. I have two of the older ones (they redesigned it, so idk how the new version is) and they are great. I wore one for a week straight and it didn't stink at all.
&gt; Wheel of Time definitely has a couple of moments like that. And by a couple you mean a couple per book, right? ;) But seriously OP if you're looking for chill-inducing moments I've never had so many in one series before. I know it's a huge commitment, and the series isn't for everyone, but I'd really recommend giving it a shot. The "slog" in the middle is vastly exaggerated, IMO. Yes, the middle books slow down a bit, and yes, there are some plots that meander, but it's honestly not bad now that the whole series is released. I started reading in 2005, and caught up to Knife of Dreams (#11) a couple months after it was published that fall. The only book I really found a chore was Crossroads of Twilight (#10), but being able to jump straight into the next book made it no big deal.
I believe the story only takes place over 2-3 years.
It's funny, my first thought was "wow that's really rushing things" and then I remember how many books are successfully adapted into a 2hr movie, and we are lucky we're getting this as a series instead!
Ep 4 is indeed The Dragon Reborn. There are pictures of the scripts here: http://www.thedailytrolloc.com/p/wheel-of-time-tv-information-page.html The Flame of Tar Valon is uncomfirmed.
Oh, I know, I am just really excited to test it! :P
Fucking Anzu. I farmed that in and off for years, when it was druid only, and then when they removed the druid summoning requirement my guildie got it on the first try. I'm still salty haha. Then again, I did randomly find the TLPD while flying to our weekly Ulduar raid, and tagged it under the nose of the Horde guy who was camping it, so that was cool. It's an ugly-ass mount though.
Just guessing based on the first chapter name, but is that when &gt;!Rand has to poison that kid who went nuts from saidin? If so, goddamn I bawled, too. I also cried at Dragonmount, and then again when Rand cries in Tam's arms afterward. And then, like, half of AMOL. Lol.!&lt;
Do it! It's a great show. Very whimsical, silly, but still has a ton of heart. David Tenant and Michael Sheen are straight up gold.
I loved Dorian so much. He and Varric were basically my bffs.
The WoT showrunner actually mentioned liking the look of the magic in Doctor Strange when asked about how they'll portray the One Power!
I commented in the [last weekly thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Ultralight/comments/c1mvif/rultralight_discussion_week_of_june_17_2019/erqbc3e/) about our weekend backpacking plans. The Crown2 38 is my first UL-ish pack; it was great and I'm really happy with it. I might write an actual trip report because even though it wasn't anything crazy mileage-wise (~14 mile loop) there were some pretty extreme and varied conditions. And this was my first actual backpacking trip since replacing my gear with more UL options.
Yep I was able to get the fit adjusted well although the straps were still a bit stiff. I do have a little collarbone pain today which happens with every pack I've ever worn...I just have really bony collarbones I guess. Hopefully the shoulder straps will break in further as I take it on more trips.
I went there last summer and drove straight through Leadville on the way. Had no idea. Oops.
Yeah, one time I think I stumbled upon their secret code and
Check out **The Demons We See**, kinda like Dragon Age meets Pride &amp; Prejudice? It's great, read it!
I really like Ariel Burgess' art: https://www.artistarielburgess.com/wheel-of-time Also @galorart on Instagram does some amazing WoT stuff now and then, although you have to look through his profile for it.
order corn
of course :)
Lol someone did that to me...they were a low level druid and I was 70 I think. They were trying to figure out what staff I had (I don't even remember what it was now). I ended up talking to them for awhile and helping with their druid aquatic form quest. Back when that was actually pretty hard.
A good way to think about it is, if you wear every single piece of clothing you bring, will you stay warm enough? If so, how much extra do you really need? I do bring an extra pair of dry socks for sleeping, and if it's more than 3 days I will take an extra pair of underwear (I'm female so clean underwear is pretty important to my comfort and well-being down there lol). But other than that I do just fine without duplicates. I used to take a lot of extra clothes like you also.
I wish I could sleep on CCF. I just can't do it. Too much pain. :(
I just got mine yesterday! Of course it came the day after I got back from a weekend trip, lol. It seems really well made and the weight is crazy. I guess the stuff sack doesn't seem that bad to me because it's about the same amount of effort to fit as my current sleeping bag (an old 32oz GoLite with a slightly larger stuff sack).
Yes, it's all about the community. I stopped playing seriously during Cata. Came back for a few months in Legion and had a lot of fun but "my people" weren't playing anymore and it just wasn't the same. I will never forget stumbling across the Time Lost Proto Drake while flying to Ulduar for raid night. My guild was all yelling ecstatically over Vent while I killed it haha. Ah man. Those were the days.
Totally, some of those rocky peninsulas look just like I pictured Toman Head.
&gt; how smart kids act when they find a big word they like You should have heard me in 5th grade after discovering the word antidisestablishmentarianism... \*cringe*
People have already said the obvious of ASOIAF, WoT, and Brandon Sanderson, so I'll throw in Riyria Revelations.
Came in here looking for the Winternight trilogy! I was way too invested in that relationship, haha.
We got up before sunrise to see the Charles Bridge in Prague. Saw maybe 2-3 other people there. It was magical. Compared to the day before when it was crammed with street vendors and tourists...
The tourist area in Cusco, Peru you can't go more than 10 feet without someone offering you a massage, a menu, or a shitty painting.
Seattle here too. Last summer I broke down and bought a portable AC. Best decision ever. Now my top floor, west facing apartment is a pleasant 80 instead of 100+ in the summer. 😑 A year or two earlier it was so hot I'd fill the bath with cold water and sit in it all evening until things started cooling down.
Indeed. I was trying to remember how big /r/wot was when I first joined and I'm pretty sure it was only a few hundred. Crazy. It's kind of exciting to see our little sub growing up!
It's much less painful on a reread IMO. There is a lot of good character development in CoT, it just feels so slow after the thunderous ending of Winter's Heart.
Bellatrix in Harry Potter...more satisfying than Voldemort, tbh. Wheel of Time #14: "I didn't come here to win. I came here to kill you." &gt;!Lan killing Demandred!&lt;, hnnnnggg
Eh I'd avoid spoiling yourself for that bit if possible. It's quite an amazing moment when it unfolds. :D What book are you on?
**Archivist Wasp** by Nicole Kornher-Stace. One of my favorite books. It's set in a post-apocalyptic society where an "archivist" is appointed to study the ghosts from before society collapsed, try to collect knowledge from them, and trap/kill them if they don't leave people alone. But the ghosts never speak, and no one really knows anything about what happened in the world before. There is only one archivist, always a girl, chosen from a pool of girls marked by the gods. Every year they fight to the death to decide who keeps the role going forward. The titular archivist, Wasp, meets a ghost who actually talks to her. This has never happened before, so in her thirst for information she strikes a bargain with him: he'll give her the knowledge she craves if she helps him find the ghost of his friend whom he lost hundreds of years ago. On their journey she learns the truth about how society fell and the real nature of the archivists and the priest that rules them. &gt; “I am the Archivist. Catchkeep’s emissary, ambassador, and avatar on earth. Her bones and stars my flesh; my flesh and bones Her stars. Mine is the mouth through which the dead world speaks. Mine are the hands that record what the dead world left behind. Mine are the eyes that hold vigil, so that the old world’s death does not return to kill the world anew.” I really, really loved this book and it's rare I find the right circumstances to recommend it. :D
it's a PeRsOnAl ChAlLeNgE!
Me, too. It's not like the only two extremes are "carry a 40lb pack and go 3 miles" or "carry a 15lb pack and go 30 miles."
It's the best feeling!! I never believed how much of a difference it made until I started lightening my pack. I knew it was for real when a 5 day trip going up and down Colorado mountain passes was easier than a 2 day out and back with hardly any elevation gain. The difference was about 8lbs of pack weight.
My coworker was in the jury pool for this (didn't get picked, but was there for three days and Talbott just stared at them the whole time, very uncomfortable). Definitely an interesting case. I suppose it's theoretically possible that his semen ended up on the victim and he *didn't* kill her, but it sure doesn't make much sense. I'm glad the family can get some closure. This could be a landmark case for ancestral DNA evidence going forward.
My coworker was in the jury pool for this case. She wasn't picked but she befriended a couple of the people who were. She's going to find out more details from them now that it's over. We've all been following this case with baited breath (and kinda bummed she wasn't picked, lol, really wanted the inside scoop). From what it looks like, the defense didn't challenge the DNA stuff at all, really, which is interesting.
I love the breakfast skillet. We always add tortillas, cheese, and hot sauce--breakfast burritos!
oh hai mark
Don't talk about renowned author Dan Brown that way.
He didn't post the threat, just his response to it.
Yeah I feel like half the threads on WH&amp;C could be eliminated if the poster knew of the existence of the WTA and/or wasn't too lazy to use it. It's a *fantastic* resource. We are truly lucky to have that in our state.
&gt; don’t choose bright colors for your clothes. When you set up your tent, make sure it is in a place where it can’t be easily seen I get the idea behind this at least with the tent setup; I do try to aim for somewhere that isn't super in your face (mainly because I also like privacy). But the bright clothing thing never made any sense. I buy all my stuff on clearance anyway and end up with a mismatch of dayglo colors; plus, if I get lost or hurt I'll be happy I had my orange backpack, hot pink trail runners, and bright blue shirt.
They're everywhere in Ecuador and Peru. I never could get up the nerve to try one...
This is especially frustrating at intersections with limited windows of opportunity to go. There's a 2-way stop on my way to work and it's a really busy road, so I often have to wait awhile to cross. Without fail there's always some dumbass coming the opposite direction who arrived at the intersection after me and wants to turn left. When I get my chance to go straight they decide to turn at the same time. Then I have to stop to avoid hitting them. Then we are in the awkward "are you going? oh, no, you go!" dance because I don't want to hit them and they clearly have no idea what they're doing. Then by that point another car is coming and I've missed my chance. Rinse and repeat.
Sorilea maybe.
YOU...need a NAP.
Or Michigan
2019 was good to us. My end of year spreadsheeting was much more exciting than 2018's (where there was a big market drop at the end of the year). Not only did our income increase significantly--new job for husband, "market adjustment" raise for me--but our savings rate increased to 65%. My husband's new job offered a 401k, so we could finally take advantage of that tax savings. To top it off, the market performed very well, so all that dumping into savings translated to a lot more investment gains. Oh, and our tax withholding was on point. We are getting a ~$40 refund. I'm so proud. :D Who knows what 2020 will bring financially, but we're starting off on a good note by switching to my husband's insurance plan, which will free up an additional ~$4900.
Ditto to Ally. Their rates have dropped a little due to the Fed lowering interest rates, but at 1.6% they're still better than most everywhere else. Their site is easy to use and customer service is very helpful the handful of times I've called.
Wahoooo! Congrats!
All of this is exactly what my husband and I did. It worked super well for us. The most important thing was communication. We started talking about money and financial goals very early on, so it wasn't an awkward/"taboo" subject by the time it got to the point we wanted to move in together. So when we had to have the "how do we split expenses" conversation, it wasn't an issue at all, even though there was a significant income disparity. After almost 8 years together have never had a fight about money. Communication is so important.
welcome to the VTSAX master race.
&gt; &gt;!"We come." is the wolf shot of just an incredible number of wolves rushing through the forest with the right dramatic music.!&lt; I picture something similar. You could start with a shot of a farmer out in his fields, who sees a wolf, and then another, then another, and he's obviously super confused as he watches them run past without even noticing him. Then have a bunch of sweeping camera shots across the nearby land, showing wolves here and there, all of them going in the same direction, and then more and more until it's hundreds of them. Man, if I live to see Dumai's Wells onscreen I will cry from sheer joy, lol.
The best part is WoT is chock full of those moments that I'm just dying to see in the TV series. So every season will have at least one of those iconic scenes to look forward to!
&gt; Did you two contribute to your shared accounts based on percentage of respective income? Yep! He made over 2x what I did, so we did a ~30/70 split and it felt very fair. &gt; Do you each have your own “fun money” with which you can do as you please? Also yep! For awhile we'd give our allowance a small raise (like, $10/mo) when either of us got a raise at work, but we got to a point where we're both happy with our allowances so we just stopped increasing it. :)
I mean, I have that one too. ;)
You as well!
Well I'm sold
Yeah I thought this was gonna be no big deal. I'm an avid hiker/backpacker and 99% of wilderness wildlife paranoia is completely unfounded. "Omg I'm going camping while on my period, how can I avoid getting eaten by a bear???" But in this case...big yikes, OP. Please be safe.
This runner's one weird trick will have you setting records daily! Trainers hate him!
happy to help :D
I want to go back to that timeline
Moiraine *is* the driving character of the first book, though. Plus, Rosamund Pike (the actress) is the biggest name in the cast so far, so obviously they're going to focus marketing on her. It's like how they pushed Sean Bean as the main character for the first season of GoT. And they definitely didn't change anything major there. ;) There's a theory that they'll try to play up the Dragon Reborn mystery in the first season. Focusing on Moiraine--and spending an equal amount of time with each EF kid, as opposed to 90% from Rand's POV like in the book--will make it less glaringly obvious who the DR is. Additionally, it's a better way to introduce us to the characters and the world.
Totally anecdotal but my local shawarma shop guy is from Jordan and he is the sweetest. Also, he makes killer shawarma.
I agree. The Expanse is a fantastic example of an adaptation done right. They've combined characters, shuffled arcs around, sometimes created new content in order to keep characters from extended time offscreen. And almost all of it has worked really well.
I agree with what you're saying in that yes, owning is almost always a better long-term option. The problem is while we have a long-term financial plan, we don't know exactly how the specifics will play out. Ultimately our goal is to own a home when we're FIREd, but what happens between now and then? Renting gives us the flexibility to change jobs as we're in the wealth-building stage, and invest the money we would otherwise have been saving for a down payment and higher housing expenses. (And while this varies wildly from market to market, our rent is significantly lower than a mortgage on any comparable property.) In a few years once we're nearing the end of the wealth-building phase, when our job hopping days are behind us, we can start planning where we might want to settle down. A lot of this will depend on the situation with our aging parents, too. How is their health? Do they need us closer? etc.
Grew up Seventh-day Adventist. Not quite a cult, but a loooot of cult-like tendencies, not to mention the toxicity of fundamentalist Christianity in general. I harbor a lot of resentment over it still. I could write an entire PhD thesis on all the ways it fucked me up.
[Here's an article that talks about this phenomenon.](https://www.latimes.com/local/california/la-me-camp-fire-lessons-20181120-story.html)
It was the deadliest wildfire in U.S. history but hardly anyone knows about it because it happened the same day as the Great Chicago Fire which obviously got all the news coverage. Survivors reported seeing the firestorm blowing entire train cars and houses into the air. Absolutely terrifying.
Same. I love dry, fluffy scrambled eggs that are just barely broken up. Best I ever had was a restaurant in Pennsylvania that had a breakfast buffet. I don't remember what the place was called, but i still dream of those scrambled eggs...
Hey if you wanna cry some more: https://i.imgur.com/jTlc0Mx.jpg (Artist credit: Sharnia-Mae Sturm)
I'm hoping for a teaser during Comic Con!
&gt; leads to a nauseatingly elongated plot point later I totally understand not liking her personality,* but I don't think it's fair to hold a badly written plotline against her. Hopefully this will be drastically condensed or reworked in the show because it definitely didn't need to &gt;!span across...how many books? 4?!&lt;. *You may have seen this referenced if you've been on this subreddit for awhile, but if not, check out this great post -- ["Why Faile doesn't deserve the hate."](https://www.reddit.com/r/WoT/comments/3jjt1p/spoilers_all_why_faile_doesnt_deserve_the_hate/) Worth a read. :)
Go on backpacking/camping trips mid-week to avoid most of the crowds/traffic. This is seriously my top FIRE goal, haha.
Many MLMs specifically target stay-at-home moms. It's easy to feel like you're useless while you sit at home with screaming kids and your partner is out making money to support the family. Kids are expensive and time consuming; a well paid, work-from-home job with flexible hours is pretty much the jackpot. You don’t need a degree, or really any qualifications, because "anyone can do this!" Not to mention, if you’re isolated at home with the kids, you suddenly get a bunch of friends and a sense of community (I mean, it's a sham, but it seems amazing at first).
Ugh. Brooklyn 99 did this on an episode recently. Like...it's okay to have a career-oriented female character who doesn't want kids and also isn't a sad, lonely harpy. I was so annoyed.
Even despite that, it didn't feel believable to me. I mean, they had no chemistry. They barely interacted and then they're in love? What? Whirlwind romances can be done right, but this wasn't one of them IMO.
Ooh, this is a great post. I love Cadsuane.
This is how I read it the first time through. Then somewhere along the line I switched to Mog-EH-dee-an.
Yes, this. I sat down for a few minutes and came up with a massive list, which I shared with my husband and explained this is the stuff that's always floating around in my head, on top of the normal worries like job stress and being worried about the future. He agreed all of it was stuff that needed to be done and admitted he had never even considered most of it. It was really eye opening. Seeing it all written down made me realize geez, no wonder I'm always so stressed lol
Everyone get your bananas now!
Yeah the hills here are nuts. I tend to forget about how many of them are on my commute until everything's covered in ice. There is one little neighborhood near me that I legitimately don't know how they'd get out. It's only got one entrance which is a steep hill with a sharp turn at the bottom. We walked (well, slid) down there during the snowstorm this year and there were four abandoned cars in the snowbank at the bottom.
Tangential, but I knew someone who volunteered with the King County 4x4 SAR, and they would shuttle these high priority employees to work during snowstorms. Pretty cool.
I remember preordering it and anxiously waiting to get home from work so I could read. I called in "sick" the next day. Stayed up pretty much all night, fell asleep on the couch, started up again a couple hours later. I vividly remember reading Egwene's final scene and just *sobbing,* then staring at the wall for awhile. I was 22, and had started the books when I was 14. I grew up with Egwene. She was everything I wanted to be: a small town girl with big dreams who got to change the world. Although my opinion of her has evolved on rereads, she'll always have a special place in my heart. And then of course Lan riding to his death. Those Who Fight. "The Black Tower protects. Always." Nynaeve crying because she couldn't protect her kids. Tam lighting Rand's funeral pyre. And the end. *"He came like the wind, like the wind touched everything, and like the wind was gone."* I have never experienced such strong emotions from in one single book. WoT is a masterpiece, and I will forever be thankful to Robert Jordan for giving us this world, these characters, and to Brandon Sanderson for bringing us an ending.
Now I'm imagining Verin swinging in on a vine to kick Trolloc ass.
I'd throw horny in here too...lol.
It reminds me of the "professional quote maker" /r/atheism guy from years ago, lol.
[Here's the original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/15xwij/i_came_up_with_this_quote_just_a_few_minutes_ago/), but everything is deleted. [Archived version here](https://web.archive.org/web/20130104213242/http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/15xwij/i_came_up_with_this_quote_just_a_few_minutes_ago/) so you can read the comments. Text below: &gt; Just to be clear, I'm not a professional "quote maker". I'm just an atheist teenager who greatly values his intelligence and scientific fact over any silly fiction book written 3,500 years ago. That being said, I am open to any and all criticism. &gt; "In this moment, I am euphoric. Not because of any phony god's blessing. But because, I am englightened by my intelligence." - Aalewis &gt; Eh?
It's quoted in my comment lol
Yep, this is the source
That's just what a karma farmer would say
I watched the movie before I read the book (heresy!) and was shocked at how much content they cut out there. I get they couldn't fit it all in, but man there was so much more to the story. In the movie it's just a short montage set to pretty music. I still love the movie though.
Trader Joe's prepared food is the bees knees.
This is my goal. I've done two half marathons now, and that training was time-consuming enough as it is. Honestly I'm most looking forward to having flexibility to run at a time other than the asscrack of dawn (especially during the winter). Nothing like dragging myself out of bed and lacing up my running shoes when it's 35 degrees and pouring rain. Blegh.
I used to be subbed there, and would comment from time to time. At first I felt like "oh I've found my people!" because as a young, recently married woman I was right in the thick of the "when are you having babies?" BS. There was some good discussion about how to find CF-friendly doctors, how to handle drama with family, discussing the issue with your partner, etc. I'm sure there still is. But it kept filling up with posts that were so painfully obviously fake, and eventually I got sick of it and unsubbed. Still childfree, but that community wasn't for me.
Ugh. I'm a fairly avid hiker/backpacker in the PNW and there are so many bad dog owners here it's not even funny. I've seen so many off-leash dogs running around in the backcountry, harassing other hikers, and the owner just laughing it off like it's no big deal. I mean, I love dogs, and will happily pet one if given the chance, but I don't want a random dog charging at me out of nowhere. Not to mention those off-leash dogs are generally not well behaved.
Plus the male/female disparity used to be way bigger. 2XC was sort of a haven for discussing the "female perspective" stuff we'd get downvoted for on the rest of Reddit. It was doomed when it became a default sub, though.
Others have given good advice but just a small tip, I recommend hanging your artwork a little lower. As is, it's kind of floating disconnected from the headboard and looks a little off. My typical rule of thumb for hanging art over large furniture is 8" above. It's hard to judge the scale from your photo but this looks to be at least 12", maybe more. [Here's an article about this that might be helpful. ](https://stylebyemilyhenderson.com/blog/how-to-hang-art-correctly) Or since the headboard serves as a great statement piece on its own, you could put the art on a different wall or split the pieces up around the room.
Pro tip: buy from their Wornwear site! You can get used clothing for huge discounts. I bought my down jacket there for $90; it was that same year's model that someone returned. Looked like new. It retailed for $230.
&gt; I think the season will introduce storylines from TGH or off-screen like the Seanchan invasion and the Whitecloaks to fill out the worldbuilding, but Moiraine and the Emond's Field 5 will mostly be kept to their EotW storylines. The more information we find out, the more I agree with this. I still expect to see some actual plotlines from TGH at the end of S1, but I believe most of the non-EOTW content will be sprinkled in throughout the season as worldbuilding so they don't have to worry about it in S2 and can jump straight into the action.
This stuff is always in the back of my mind when I'm in the mountains during winter. Ugh. Glad Ski Patrol + others were able to save some of the victims.
When I was a kid our cat caught a baby rabbit and played with it until it was maimed and dying, then left it on our doorstep. Apparently rabbits can scream. It's one of the worst things I've ever heard. My dad had to take it behind the house and kill it. He was choked up when he came back inside.
&gt; Those 8 episodes are going to cover 2 books. This isn't confirmed at all.
What the actual fuck, lmao
ROHIRRIIIIIIIMMMM
I stopped caring a few years ago. Now that the show ended so badly, I care even less. Can you care a negative amount?
There's no way we won't, assuming they stick to the general setting of the EOTW finale. We don't really know the scope but most guess there will be at least some material from TGH in there. It will only be an 8 episode season, so they can't cram too much in.
He was named as a character in a previous book but literally nothing else. Harriet gave Brandon permission to make one character "his own" so he picked Androl. I think RJ left notes about leatherworking or something, so Brandon made that part of Androl's character too.
Yeah I'm in a similar boat. I think the concept is a great one, aka raw strength in the power not being everything, but it should be introduced earlier in the series so it doesn't feel so convenient at the end. Everyone else had a well developed character arc that put them where they needed to be in the end, but Androl just shows up. I love the idea, just not the execution. This is something the TV show can easily improve, though.
Wonder if they'll do any announcements today for EOTW's 30th anniversary. Fingers crossed!
Oh totally, but 90% of the book was from Rand's POV so it seemed like a no-brainer. For TV they have the opportunity to make it more of a mystery, and I'm excited to see how they handle it.
That is so cool! I bet he'd love to hear from you how much that meant, too.
Yeah the timing was a WoT Wednesday thing but I was definitely hoping for something! Amazon pls
Yeah, he did the Danish dubs. I found a video on YouTube (can't link because I'm at work, but if you search Tangled Danish it should come up). He's a good singer!
My head canon is that Jain Farstrider was riding Bela when he came back for Olver. Bela is now a Hero of the Horn.
Time it so you die right as the Rohirrim start screaming "DEEEEAAAAAATH."
Ooooh, what a gorgeous location. My guesses for scenes are either Rand and Tam coming down from the mountains before Winternight, or the end of EOTW.
I do know it's not the first day of shooting because they didn't go to Slovenia until early October, while filming began in mid-September. But, I agree it could still be part of the journey down to EF from the al'Thor farm. What if Rand spots the Fade in the mountains, rather than the forest? Man, all this speculating is gonna give me gray hair, lol.
I guess it's possible they went back to Slovenia recently and we never heard about it. But last time there were a lot of social media posts from various cast/crew, so I'd be surprised if no one said anything. Maybe they went back only for a couple scenes. All that said, I agree his hair looks quite a bit longer than it did in his September picture, so I'm pretty stumped here.
"Head canon" is just a term for a fan's personal idea of what happened in a story, which may or may not be supported by the text. So in my case, I choose to believe this is Bela's fate! :D
Michigan raised here, too! I love me some ranch. There was a pizza place my friend and I used to go in high school that had a large chicken ranch pizza for $5. It was fucking bomb.
I took marine biology classes in college and have zero desire to eat most seafood, lol. The thought just grosses me out. /shrug
I don't think he mentioned much, if anything, about the show. He talked a little about writing the final books. I didn't watch the whole thing but that's the gist I got from others who did.
He hated the film trilogy so I'm sure he'd have hated the TV series. But, I suppose if anyone has the right to hate a LOTR adaptation, it's him. His efforts to preserve his father's work can't be overstated. RIP.
If there isn't a Starbucks cup hidden in a Seanchan scene, we riot.
It seems to be the same font and logo that's been on other show-related material, such as scripts, crew ID cards, etc. I won't be surprised if they modify it for the actual promotional material, however.
The ending of EOTW is definitely rough. IIRC, RJ didn't know if he'd be writing anything else, so he made it sorta wrap up in case there were no future books. Not to mention he was still figuring out the magic system etc. Knowing how the series plays out, the showrunners have an opportunity to improve on EOTW's ending by smoothing out things that don't make sense.
I mean they just asked him about scenes from the first two books. That doesn't mean they're all going to be in the first season. I'm not arguing against TGH content being in S1, just that this comment doesn't really prove anything one way or the other.
Same, I don't remember a smell at all. It's been a few years though.
Go to Piroshky, Piroshky. The best part of the market.
Does anyone local actually call it the Willis Tower? I grew up near Chicago and moved away shortly after they renamed it, but it's still the Sears Tower to me.
I'd argue Fal Dara is still optional on the way to the Eye. They could just go there on the way back just as they do in the book instead of having two separate visits.
I fully expect them to change some character introductions, in order to fit the TV structure better. Thom's actor apparently wasn't around when they filmed a lot of the Emond's Field stuff, so it looks like they'll introduce him somewhere else. Which, IMO, is fine.
It's not really that bad now. CoT is still the slowest book in terms of plot progression, but there are a lot of good character development moments sprinkled throughout. I maintain that most of the animosity towards "the slog" stems from when fans had to wait years between books, only to get yet another book of Perrin trying to find Faile, an entire book without a fan favorite character (Mat), etc.
For those who don't know, this is the actress who commented on Taylor Napier's IG photo when he was announced in the show. She said she'd be on set in January. Speculation is rampant if it's for any kind of major role!
Oh my goodness, what a beautiful dog ❤️
Ep 106, The Flame of Tar Valon. Written by Justine Juel Gilmer, directed by Salli Richardson-Whitfield. The title was never officially announced, but it's been known for a long time. Rafe posted a picture of the ep. 4 script and this one was visible behind it. IIRC this is the first time Ms. Richardson-Whitfield's name has been linked to it as director, although I don't think it's a surprise considering she directed 5 as well.
Just FYI, her name is actually Kate Fleetwood, if you were confusedly googling "Katy Fleets" like I was. :P
She looks how I imagined Elaida, but I think she'll make a great Liandrin too.
My guess is Leane. Edit: someone on Discord noticed she's got a copy of New Spring in this photo from December. https://www.instagram.com/p/B6YdR0MBTV6/?igshid=1d8s9rrtdqo7a
I see "ageless" as being more of a demeanor than a uncannily young look. If you watched the recent Witcher series on Netflix, the character of Tissaia does a fantastic job at portraying what I'd consider an ageless woman. Is she 30? 40? Really good looking 50? Who knows. She carries herself with poise and confidence and that's what matters.
It's getting easier to narrow things down now that we have a) other roles cast and b) a better idea of the scope of the first season. Right now I'd say Ingtar or Hurin. Crackpot theory: Galad. Previously I thought he'd be Logain, or maybe Aram. But there's no way Tinker plot would be in 3 episodes, which was his rumored episode count.
&gt; she looks kind She looks scary AF to me, haha.
Yes!! Something about that just really made things sink in.
Although, we do have a pretty good idea that there will be some New Spring content in the first season (based on them casting a character who is only in that book), which could pad out the episodes a bit. Plus the expanded Logain plotline. I don't think they'll finish TGH in S1.
Yep. His others were: * Rand and Tam in the Westwood * Winternight * Tarwin's Gap * Toman Head I don't know if we can expect to see the last one in S1. But Egwene's leashing would sure make a great cliffhanger...
&gt; The Eye of the World's cover is her and Lan riding side by side. Their size difference on the cover is comical, though. She looks like a hobbit. I agree that it is a nice touch to see her as a seemingly tiny, unassuming woman, who is actually a crazy powerful channeler. But in the grand scheme of things, I'd much rather they cast someone who nails the *character* of Moiraine, not every single physical detail.
I wouldn't read much into hair color. I mean Rosamund is blonde.
My only idea is maybe they aren't cramming EOTW into those 4 episodes, and are moving some of the plot points around, and the episode titles = chapter titles is somewhat misleading. It's a stretch though. Honestly every time I think I have a pretty good idea of how the season is gonna go down, something comes out that scrambles it all up again. Lol.
Egwene being leashed maybe? Good cliffhanger. Don't get me wrong, I *want* to see the Falme battle asap, but I'm afraid it'll be too rushed to cram that in S1.
I'm not sure Rafe ever said Shienarans were going to be East Asian. There was a casting call for bald Asian extras awhile back but IIRC we never found out what it was for. The speculation was Shienar though. I forgot about Turak. Would he be in 3 episodes, though? If they're flying through the plot at the rate it seems they are, it just doesn't seem like he has enough content. Unless his scenes are super short.
I expect several key scenes with Logain's plotline, that will show (not tell) some foundational WoT concepts: * Channeling destructively pre-capture: Male channelers are dangerous and unhinged. Maybe he unintentionally kills someone he cares about. * Being captured by Aes Sedai: Aes Sedai are incredibly powerful and ruthless when hunting male channelers. If you're a male channeler (\*cough cough* Rand), you should be scared shitless of Aes Sedai. * Laughing insanely while being heckled by crowds on the way to Tar Valon: Male channelers are bonkers, and everyone pretty much hates False Dragons. So there's not only danger from Aes Sedai, but from the general public. * Being gentled: Btw, Rand, did you know you should be scared shitless of Aes Sedai? I don't know exactly how any of this will be structured, but I think these four key scenes will be excellent for showing, not telling, a bunch of very important stuff. I mean, what will be more impactful in a visual medium: Rand and Mat gossiping about the False Dragon in Ghealdan, or seeing Logain unleash destruction before being captured?
That's a good idea too!
If you travel internationally, I recommend getting Global Entry instead. It's a little more expensive ($100 vs $85) but it gives you expedited reentry to the U.S. from international flights. It also includes TSA Precheck. Breezing past the lines in Atlanta customs made the extra $15 1000% worth it, haha.
My coworker texted me there was a shooting and I joked, "was it at 3rd and Pine?" Welp.
Could be. But would he be in Ep 5/6?
I almost cried when I first saw/heard a reefback, lmao. I was so terrified.
Same. I shelved the game for awhile because I was too scared to continue, but finally got back and finished it. I was actually really sad at the end. Like, I teared up. Never expected this game to make me so emotional. I didn't want to leave.
God the Darrell Sweet covers were so bad. I think it's the Knife of Dreams cover where Perrin looks like a 40 year-old blonde guy.
Lan is the hardest for me because he's just so goddamn pretty, and I haven't seen him in a show where he's been grizzled up a lot. I fully expect him to look great in hair/makeup/costume but it's so hard to picture!
You're correct. Moiraine, Lan, and Perrin meet her on the way to Tear. It's the same village where Perrin frees Gaul and they fuck up the Whitecloaks.
Same. At first I thought Siuan, but even with makeup Maria looks older than Rosamund Pike. I expect they'll cast someone a bit younger for Siuan; if they keep the whole stilling-changing-your-appearance thing, it's easy to use makeup to give +/- 10 years, but Maria is in her mid 50s.
OP's ass, I think. I'll echo others saying they've been following this production with a microscope, and I've heard not a peep suggesting anything of the sort.
To be fair, 3rd and Pine isn't usually violent. I've taken the bus through there gazillions of times, including late at night, and it's mostly just shady junkies and homeless people. And plenty of commuters, tourists, etc. We like to joke about how bad the block is but in reality it's not the apocalyptic hellhole that some make it out to be.
Oh for sure, it's jarring if you're not familiar with the area. (And sometimes even if you are, haha.)
&gt; I might even guess that Jordan needed to make the first book more self-contained for publishers and give it more of a climax? I believe you're correct. That, plus the fact it was early on in the series and he was still figuring stuff out, explain why there are some "EOTW-isms" that never show up again or don't mesh with the rest of the series. Like Moiraine's staff, talking Trollocs, named Trolloc bands, the bizarre ending. And so on.
Yesss. I make roasted sweet potato, pepper, and black bean burritos. They are so damn good. Black beans and sweet potatoes are an amazing combo, especially if you throw a little spiciness in there.
Yeah I'm pretty sure the phrase "a considerable expanse of pale bosom" is used more than once in reference to her, lol.
Here's my favorite theory about it! https://www.reddit.com/r/WoT/comments/59vk0o/the_empress_has_a_voice_because_she_sits_on_a/
&gt; Also really weirdly convenient coincidence that one of LAOP’s friends spotted his dog on the shelter website. Yeah it's a golden retriever puppy...they all pretty much look the same to me. How would you assume that the generic looking dog on the shelter website is actually your friend's, who you have no reason to think was stolen?
Don't forget their friend miraculously spotted a golden retriever puppy, the world's most generic looking dog, on the shelter website.
You joke, but there are legitimately people mad about this. (Mostly seen on Facebook.) It's a HORSE, people!
Why does this bot even exist. Go away.
You could make a religion out of this!
My dad's a paleontologist and has gone to the Natural History museum several times for research. I got to visit him once while he was there. I just remember a massive room crammed with those narrow shelves that you have to crank to spread apart. They were filled with fossilized teeth. It was so damn cool. I love the smell of those places. They just smell...old.
Sucks they also took away the PP restaurant access because it was being so abused. :(
Oh yeah, I bet you got to see a ton of stuff in that role. I love museums. I wish it was easier to get behind the scenes access to them now that I'm not a little kid tagging along with my dad, lol.
Yeah my husband hated lentils when we first met because he'd only had flavorless, mushy lentils. I don't blame him. I made him my mom's lentil soup and then he was a convert. ;) I don't really have a recipe but I rinse and start cooking ~1 3/4 cups of dried brown lentils. While cooking I dice an onion, a couple carrots, and 3-4 stalks of celery. Throw that all in the pot. Add additional water if necessary, so everything is covered. Then my mom's shortcut was to add a packet of dried vegetable soup mix. I know I could figure out the actual spices and do it myself, but I'm lazy, so this is a great shortcut haha. I also add a bay leaf, 2 tsp chicken Better Than Bouillon, and cumin and curry powder to taste (probably about 1-2 tsp each?). If you like heat, I recommend adding a little cayenne pepper or sambal oelek. Once lentils are mostly cooked, add 16 oz of tomato sauce. Don't add it too soon because the acid slows the lentils from cooking. Then simmer until done! It's delicious with some crusty bread or naan. Edit: corrected a couple things
Black beans are delicious if cooked/seasoned well. I side-eye anyone who says otherwise.
Be brave! I believe in you! :D
No problem! I just rinse them, then cover in cold water and start it cooking. Usually leaving it on medium heat the whole time is fine. Keep in mind different types of lentils take longer to cook. Red and yellow lentils cook the fastest, brown in the middle, and green take the longest. You can use any kind of lentil you want for this recipe, just keep in mind the cook time can change a bit. :)
That would probably work well too. I don't care for the texture of canned tomatoes, though, so I prefer the sauce. In any form, the tomato adds a great flavor and acidity and it just doesn't taste the same without it.
It's interesting you brought this up because I think this will be the Red Ajah's new purpose, post Last Battle. Male channelers no longer need to be gentled, but what the Reds *are* good at is rooting out and hunting down dangerous people. So they'd basically become Tower law enforcement, a "One Power crime investigation" Ajah, if you will.
&gt; I mean Kandor. FTFY ;)
Yeah to me it sounds terrible. Maybe I've just been to bad ones but they're always full of shrieking kids running amok, and drunk adults shoving each other out of the way to cut in line for the machines. I guess if you rented out the whole place, it would be okay. Obviously would depend on your guests, too. Mine would never have gone for that. :p
I get a similar feeling when I experience a perfect zipper merge. It's a legit high. I want to hug everyone involved.
She picked the perfect picture for her announcement, too. ;) I'm so glad I predicted this one right! I selfishly love how active she is on social media. Means we're more likely to see fun stuff behind the scenes, hanging out with other actors, etc. So, given Leane was at the table read, does that mean Maria Doyle Kennedy is Siuan? She's a little older than I expected, but makeup can do wonders, and I'm sure they can make her and Rosamund Pike look fairly similar in their "agelessness." The only thing is aging her down post-stilling. But I expect instead of aging them down, they'll just make them look more their real age, using makeup to make them worse instead of better. And of course their demeanor will change as well. If Maria isn't Siuan, she's gotta be Elaida or Verin. But Siuan had to have been at that table read. It's also possible (almost certain, actually) that there were actors there who didn't take a picture.
Yeah, in my head-canon swap the Alanna and Leane actresses and it would match almost perfectly. But it's such a minor quibble. They both look great for the roles.
I prefer avoiding actor swaps if possible. Primarily for audience engagement--if people are attached to the original actors, it's hard to accept a new person in the role. Honestly, I expect they'll just modify the effects of stilling so that it doesn't make them look 20, but does negatively change their appearance. I mean if I don't wear makeup some days, I look practically dead. It's not hard to drastically alter someone's look with the right makeup.
I have a theory they may change the effects of stilling for the TV version. Instead of just looking younger, they may just look more haggard, more "their real age" rather than their vague agelessness. And of course their demeanors will change. Some have suggested just getting different actresses, but I'd like to avoid changing up cast if possible. It always kills the continuity for me in a show, and it's hard to get attached to the "new version" of a character I know and love. But, this could all be for nothing, because I think Maria would make a phenomenal Elaida or Verin, too. Maybe Siuan's actress just wasn't photographed at the table read.
I think most of us expected this role for her, but nice to get some confirmation after all the teasing!
Based on what I've seen of her, I think she'll be terrific in whatever role she's in! Man, I really just want to know who's playing all three of those roles. If Leane and Alanna are cast, IMO there's no way Elaida, Siuan and Verin aren't.
I believe the actress is half Mexican, too
Sure, but I guess that's pretty far down on the list for me in terms of important aspects of Verin's character. I'd rather have an actress who can nail the role of Verin as an unassuming, vague, nose-in-book, secretly-a-double-agent Aes Sedai.
I think the actress is around 35, which is pretty old for playing a 17 year old.
Maria Doyle Kennedy. She is announced to be in the show, but her role is still unknown.
I think she's 34-35. I found an article about her landing her first role at 19, in *Eve and the Fire Horse*. The film was released in late 2005, so she was probably cast in 2004 or early 2005.
I'm in S3 of Mr. Robot right now and I can't stop getting Lews Therin vibes. Won't say more, obviously, but yeah. It can be done.
Oh interesting, I always pictured Tear as somewhat Spanish. Their soldier descriptions always reminded me of conquistador armor. Even Siuan's last name sounds Spanish-y.
The internet, for good and for ill, is excellent at connecting people with...shared interests.
Kathy Bates as Verin is the fancast female equivalent of Sam Elliott as Thom, lol. It seems everyone pictures her in the role! (Myself included.)
"Mother's milk in a cup" reminds me of some of our goofy expressions now, like "Jesus tapdancing Christ on a cracker." I just have a hard time taking it seriously as a Really Bad Swearword^TM in Randland. "Blood and bloody ashes" sounds a lot more believable, for some reason. Maybe because "bloody" is a real swear word in English.
That scene just broke me. Really gives the Last Battle a human face; our characters seem almost larger than life by this point, but this is just some random soldier and his son. If the TV show makes it that far, I'd love to see this as the cold open to the final season.
True. That would be nice to see. She's not a main character but I'd argue she's a major one, in the same tier as Tam, Logain, and Padan Fain, all of whom got formal announcements. By this logic I'd argue Elaida and Verin deserve their own announcements as well. Characters like Alanna, Leane, and Liandrin are not major characters, and as such, I can see why Amazon is fine with those announcements trickling out from the actors or other sources (e.g. Deadline).
I'm sure they could come up with a reason. Heck, maybe the rebel Aes Sedai contact him and ask if he'll be the general for their armies.
My stomach and my chin, lmao. Could my body have chosen anywhere less sexy? Ughhhh.
I recently tried it and while it's not quite the real thing, it's damn close.
My mom has a masters in dietetics and growing up I haaaaated how "obsessed" she was with making us eat healthful food. But now I'm really thankful. Even back in the early 90s when "low fat!" was all the rage, she'd tell us how that label didn't mean it was better for you because it probably had a lot of sugar in it. Or how just because something said "100% juice" didn't mean it was good. Etc. Thanks mom...
It's like a lime farted in the same room as a can of LaCroix.
I think she was exactly the right person to make the White Tower what it needed to be for the Last Battle (and hopefully beyond, with changing the rules about who can be a novice etc). I don't know how good of a peacetime Amyrlin she'd have been, but she whipped the Aes Sedai into shape just in the nick of time.
Wasn't Kennedy at the 5-6 table read? She posted a photo with a script; although the episode title wasn't visible, it was at the same time as the flood of other cast-holding-script photos.
My friend pronounces it "gay-win" and I know it's wrong but I can't unhear it.
I don't actually want them to cut Shara! It's just one of the most popular choices I've seen within the fandom. I completely agree with you, though, it's a really fascinating storyline.
I would love this so much.
I love Lake Ingalls! We've done a couple backpacking trips in the area and it's just beautiful. What a sweet picture.
I'd say Alric, since maybe they want to beef up his presence so it hurts more when Siuan loses him. My current crackpot theory, though, is Elyas; he was still a warder in New Spring, so what if he's in flashback scenes? We can be pretty sure they're including at least some New Spring content, given they cast Karene Nagashi who is already dead by EOTW.
Is three days that long in terms of filming battle scenes, though? I mean Helm's Deep took four months to shoot; it seems reasonable to assume even a small scale battle would require a decent amount of filming time. Three days is really nothing.
One of these days it's bound to work out for you. ;)
I agree! There were quite a few such character interactions I'd love to have seen "onscreen" before the end of the series. (cough cough MOIRAINE AND SIUAN GODDAMNIT cough cough)
Thalassophobia also refers to the general fear of large bodies of water, being in the water with no land in sight, etc. If the water is dark it turns up the horror 100x. Shudder.
The first one. There's a guy hiding in a girl's closet and IIRC she gets scared and tells her dad, but he doesn't believe her. Then the guy kidnaps her. That shit makes me keep my closet closed to this day.
I was reminded of this on my commute a few days ago. Was merging onto the freeway (on the world's worst onramp, uphill and a super tight circle so you really can't go more than 25 mph). Gunned it once the ramp opened up, and then the car merging in front of me just STOPPED. In the freeway. I had a split second to realize I had nowhere to go other than stop, and there was a semi truck, at highway speed, looming in my rearview mirror. I thought I was dead. Thankfully the truck driver had amazing reflexes and was able to swerve in time (and thankfully there was no one in the lane to his left). But it's so easy. I did everything right, and it almost didn't matter. Oh, and the stopped car then just gunned it and drove off like nothing happened.
You can still use mods if you have the Epic version. But I wish I'd gotten it on Steam just for the achievements. :|
I actually thought this was the "canon" explanation. IIRC there's a deleted scene showing him grabbing the old one.
Yeah the HP books are chock-full of plot holes, poor characterization, and subpar worldbuilding. I mean I still love them--they're fun as hell to read--but they're hardly fine literature. I think there are quite a few of us now that grew up when the books were coming out, and are now well into adulthood and having to admit they weren't as flawless as we thought.
Yeah my guess is you need to update the game. I know all my mods broke when the game updated, and I had to wait for the mod creators to upload new versions. Once everything was up to date I had no issues running QModManager and other mods.
Holy shit I wasted a lot of my college free time on Regretsy. Whimsical fuckery!
I remember when I stopped paying tithe because I was getting disillusioned with the church. They sent me a letter at the end of the year basically shaming me for not paying. That made me even more convinced not to pay it, lol. Tithe pisses me off because it disproportionately hurts lower income people. And they're easier to target with promises of God rewarding them.
This and the "hey Reddit do you support a law requiring drivers to get retested every __ years?" are my personal favorites.
oh my god the bar is so low it's underground and she still managed not to clear it.
Watching the final episode, where everything finally comes full circle and you see all the "rest of the story" from Ep1...chilling. Some of the best TV I've ever seen.
I understand if it wasn't your thing, but I don't think you can say "the book**s** are HOT GARBAGE" if you've only read half of the first book in a 8+ book series... For what it's worth, I agree with some of your points in the first book, but I found that the writing style, character development, and plot improved drastically as the series progressed.
S3 and 4 are phenomenal overall. S2 I found the weakest while watching, but I will say it made a lot more sense--and I appreciated it more--after I'd watched the next seasons. Hard to explain without spoiling.
stop I'm crying again
When my now-husband and I first started hanging out, we watched this show (I'd seen it before; he hadn't). In hindsight it was a terrible suggestion since it could have been SO AWKWARD, but we both found it hilarious and knew we had found someone with a similar sense of humor. Lol. PS Lesbian Spank Inferno
I was emotionally destroyed after the ending.
Lol, at the end my husband and I looked at each other and were like wait, did they talk at all? And we thought we were crazy until we looked it up and confirmed.
I'm convinced the show blew up like it did partly because of all the angry GoT fans who wanted to get their money's worth out of HBO before their monthly subscriptions ran out, lol.
Lol same. Except it was $12-13/hour for us. This was 2008 in a rural area though, so it seemed like a fortune when minimum wage was $7/hr... Good old Vector Marketing.
Ugh I'm so self conscious about my slowness. I know most people don't care, but there *are* judgmental runners and I hate how much that gets in my head. :( I feel like most of the elitism is thinly veiled humble bragging, which I find almost worse than someone being an outright dick. All those "oh man wow my run today was so terrible hee hee" *screenshot of 7:00 pace* posts really start to take a toll.
That excuse never even made sense to me, like, why do you have to pick it up on the way back? It's not like it's that heavy. Just put it in your pack and forget about it.
Doug Batchelor is probably euphoric right now. Lol
&gt; Jesus, if you go through her feed for like 3 minutes you'll see that all photos of Huxley have been deleted. JFC that's tragic. You do that for a bad breakup, not...giving away your goddamn kid. That poor little boy.
I thought maybe it was for their other two kids, to try and keep some kind of normalcy for them. I'm sure they were looking forward to the trip, too. But I don't know.
Same, as of August 2018 the Ursack was fine per the Forest Service. They may have changed it since, though.
So when I did a nearby loop in summer 2018, the ranger told us specifically not to hang the Ursack, but to tie it to a tree trunk. So as long as you have a tree sturdy enough to tie it to, you should be okay. The loop I did only partly overlapped with Four Pass, but there were always good sized trees available near any campsites we saw.
Ah yes, the Renesmee method.
I know. I hate that it bothers me so much but it totally does.
It's only happened to me a couple times out of hundreds of outdoor activities over the years, but man that being watched feeling is very real and very eerie.
Yeah I think people (especially those without a lot of time spent outdoors) underestimate how easy it is to get lost in the wilderness and tend to suspect foul play whenever anyone vanishes while hiking/camping. The area up there is super rugged and remote too. I've almost gotten lost before just going off the trail to pee, and I'm an experienced hiker. We have stories like this every year in my area.
Yup. I'm an experienced hiker and I've almost gotten lost before just going off the trail to pee. It's shockingly easy.
Yeah just cook in the pot. We just rinse with water afterward and use a 1.5"x1.5" scrubby pad to get out any stuck bits.
10/10 would shit my pants if I saw this in the shadows
Lmao. The lack of logic is just mind blowing. Why in the world would Antifa (or any) protestors come all the way to your shitty redneck town to protest?
Ha yeah, I know, I used to live over there. (Walla Walla.) I do miss it in a lot of ways!
Good old SDA prophecy. The other day a family friend was talking about how we're heading into a financial crisis and an economic meltdown is surely signaling the end is near! You know, all those other financial crises we've had over the years didn't count. Not the Great Depression. Not the 2008 crisis. But this one is the right one, guys. We swear. The goalposts might as well have legs now with how frequently they're moving.
IIRC according to this theory Min switched over to the Light side sometime before that. I can't remember, it's been awhile since I watched this. :P (That said, you guys know this isn't a serious theory, right...?)
If I hear anyone say "meowmy" IRL I will throw cat litter at them.
This was from a 2 night loop my husband and I did last year over Labor Day weekend, via the Iron Peak Trailhead. Lake Ingalls is a pretty popular dayhike and backpacking destination (you can't camp within 1/2 mile of the lake, and must camp in designated sites, so they fill up fast). The loop was only about 20 miles, perfect for a relaxing anniversary weekend. We love this area.
Well fuck. 2020 just gotta keep punching me in the face.
Lol I grew up SDA and this was my first thought. Knew quite a few Jamaicans too.
My god this sounds like heaven.
This is amazing. There's a similar one where people make a shrine for a cockroach.
Ugh, I feel you. I was convinced the series was Satanic because all the horrible things you hear about it you'd think they were sacrificing babies or something. Right after the Deathly Hallows book came out, a friend of mine convinced me to read the series. I was pretty sure I was going to hell after I got a few chapters into the first book and couldn't put it down. I would check the books out from the library and hide them under my bed so my parents wouldn't find out. I'm still salty I missed that huge part of popular culture as a kid in the 90s/mid 00s. Side note, anyone remember these little novellas that the church was handing out about the dangers of Harry Potter? I don't even remember who wrote it (I think it might have been the guy who wrote the Detective Zack books?), or much of the plot, other than a scene where the "heathen" kid (aka read Harry Potter) tried to fly down the stairs and got hurt. In fact I think an illustration of that scene was the book cover. I gotta go look this up now. Edit: I found it! ["Beware of the Crystal Dragon" by Maylan Schurch.] (https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/363924.Beware_of_the_Crystal_Dragon) It's even dumber looking than I remembered. Edit 2: Which one of you [wrote this review](https://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-reviews/R2PL18MD4J9D5T/ref=cm_cr_dp_d_rvw_ttl?ie=UTF8&amp;ASIN=0828016100)? lmao
My parents didn't let me see those in the theaters either, although it was more because they thought they were "too violent" or whatever. When I turned 14 they let me watch them, but it was after ROTK left theaters. I never did get to see them on the big screen. I keep waiting for an extended edition marathon near me so I can finally make that dream come true!
It was definitely the majority when I was growing up as the books were being released, at least in my area (god bless the Michigan Conference). My guess is it's calmed down a lot now, but I haven't been part of the church in over a decade, so I can't really say for certain. I'm certain there's at least a large minority who still thinks it's Satanic though.
I'm super curious what the latest SDA boogeymen are, lol. I don't know what these people would do with themselves without a new thing to panic about stealing their children's souls.
My back hurts just looking at your lighterpack! I can tell you from personal experience you'll have *way* more fun backpacking when you aren't carrying a massive amount of weight. It's great that you've figured that out early because a lot of folks suffer for years, assuming a heavy pack is normal for backpacking. I actually made [a post last summer](https://www.reddit.com/r/Ultralight/comments/cgu2re/before_and_after_traditional_backpacker_goes/) with a little writeup of my journey from traditional to lightweight backpacking. Some of the specifics won't apply to you but I think the general process will. My biggest advice is just *bring less stuff.* Avoid redundancies (why do you need a plate *and* a bowl? Two Nemo Fillos? A cot *and* a sleeping pad? Nearly 5 pounds of emergency/medical gear? You don't have food listed but a lot of people way overpack that. etc). Repackage things into smaller packaging. Then you can start replacing what's left over, which is basically everything as other commenters have pointed out. Ultralight gear can require a little extra babying, but as long as you treat it with a reasonable level of care, you'll be fine. Don't drag your tent through a thornbush. Don't set your pack next to the fire. Etc. "Better durability" is generally just making people buy overbuilt, heavy products when the average backpacker doesn't need that.
It sounds like something Andy in Parks &amp; Rec would call himself if he got bored of Burt Macklin.
Yeah Costco's Kirkland brand dried blueberries are goooood.
It was so bad. Heck, the political and social fallout from (HUGE FINALE SPOILER) &gt;!Jon killing Dany!&lt; should have taken an entire season at least. But it was done with what, 45 minutes of screentime left? Just the icing on the shit cake.
Yup, after S8 the entire show is tainted because almost nothing mattered. All the stuff that was set up and went nowhere...just pointless.
It's even more frustrating because the production quality in general was *phenomenal.* The costumes, the sets, the score, the hair/makeup... yet none of that can make up for the abysmal writing and plot structure. Looking back, the writing was definitely going downhill after S4, but I think the production quality was good enough to disguise it until S8 when the writers just stopped giving a shit.
It's so frustrating because they *could have done it right.* If they'd showed her believable downward spiral over the final 1-2 seasons, and set it up throughout the whole show, it could have worked. But nope, she just...flips out in the penultimate episode. D&amp;D tried to claim "the signs were there all along" but it was bullshit and they knew it. Dany's entire plot was about her overcoming the stigma of the Targaryen name and coming into her own, because while she wasn't afraid to do what needed to be done, she ultimately had "a gentle heart" as Jorah would say. Arghhhhhh they did my girl so dirty.
Sort of...? I told my parents years ago that I wasn't really religious anymore. To their credit, they have respected that and have never tried to push anything since then. So we have kind of a mutual understanding and don't get into debate on the subject; when I visit them I will pray with them, respect Sabbath, etc. When they visit me they don't ask me to take them to church or anything like that. I'll never tell them to stop talking about religion because I know it's important to them, and because they aren't dicks about it. My in-laws are a lot more conservative and my husband has kind of kept up the SDA-lite charade, so I just follow his lead on dealing with them, lol. They don't think we are hardcore SDA but don't realize we're totally out of the church.
I only watched the first 4 seasons or so, but the geek jokes were so over the top that it always seemed clear they weren't supposed to be taken seriously. Fairly big nerd here too.
I pack everything else ultralight so I can bring cans of hard cider with me. Lol. Sipping a cold cider next to a mountain lake after a long day hiking is sheer heaven.
Try the Nemo Tensor or another pad with square-ish baffles. I found them way more comfortable especially on my side. I hated the NeoAir too but the Tensor is the most comfortable pad I've ever tried.
Yeah but it's tasty so...;)
I have the insulated version. Wait for a sale or one of the 20% off coupons. Interesting that the reviews complain about that, I've never had any issues. and it's a really popular pad with the ultralight crowd and I haven't heard overwhelming complaints from there either. I was lucky to get mine at a REI garage sale for $13 lol. It's pretty well used according to the stains on it but works perfectly fine!
it's like if an HOA was a city...
Agree with Fidelity. I moved mine there from HSA Bank. It took a few weeks (mostly delayed by HSA Bank's slowness) but Fidelity took care of the whole transfer.
It's a horrible video but I recommend everyone watch it. It will absolutely make you hyper aware of your surroundings in the future. Know where the exits are, not just the one you came in. Know what to do if you see a panic beginning. etc.
Yup he turned around as soon as the fire appeared and headed straight for the exit. If he'd delayed even a little he would have been trapped with the rest.
He goes out the front door in the video, along with a bunch of other people. He just got lucky that he started exiting *immediately* and made it out before the real crowd crush started. He does go around the building to a side exit and calls to see if anyone's there and needs help, but it's on fire so he goes back around to the front.
I feel like they were probably panicking too and sticking to their job was their way of coping in the face of this obviously insane situation. Idk. People do weird stuff when they're afraid/stressed.
Totally agree. You have to wonder how many people died because of that action.
Daised and Confused
Stick it in a stream or lake for a bit to cool off. (Or a snow bank, if there are any.)
Unfortunately this seems to be pretty common with shows nowdays. Once it gets closer to release, they'll ramp up the marketing to 1000, but for now there's really no reason for them to put a lot of effort into it. As much as it would be awesome for us fans. I do miss when Rafe could actually give us info. If you look at his old tweets (and the wotonprime tweets from when they were the WoT Writers Room), he'd give out tidbits constantly. If he had his way I know he'd still be doing it.
If they were tithing properly, then God would take care of all their finances! Geez, haven't they been paying attention?
&gt;I submit that the owner dying first is much sadder. I agree. The animal doesn't understand, just knows their human left and has never come back. I hate thinking about my cat eventually dying but it's even worse picturing him wandering around meowing for mom but I never answer. :(
Leavenworth? Gosh if so I can't imagine actually living there. Every time I've been through, even on rainy days in the middle of the week in November, it's crowded AF. Seattle here too. I agree on the storms. It's the major thing I miss about the Midwest. A little while ago we had that big thunderstorm here and I was so excited!
Those taiko drums were so epic. Such a good score.
I just found this medieval version and it's surprisingly amazing. https://youtu.be/TeFiIjMIlRw
Kahlan is a character from the Sword of Truth series by Terry Goodkind. He insists his books aren't fantasy because they deal with "important human themes" or some shit. Like his writing somehow transcends fantasy. Here's a really entertaining review of the first book in the series, btw: https://www.pornokitsch.com/2010/07/underground-reading-wizards-first-rule-by-terry-goodkind.html
I was in D.C. for the 2004 hatching and god it was an experience. Just driving down the highway for 20 minutes would get your windshield covered in cicada splatter. They were everywhere.
I still look away every time haha. I can't make myself watch.
Oh thank god I wasn't the only one 😂
Yeah I see Nyn as kind of a hybrid mom/older sister to Rand. But it's still platonic either way.
Yeah their site has some crazy good highlight reels. This is really, really exciting.
Ah man, Hoist Lakes was my very first backpacking trip ever. My dad and I went when I was 9 or so. Good memories.
&gt;burned alive mom and baby Uhhh I don't remember this at all. I vaguely remember a story about a fire but that's about it, lol. Maybe I blocked it out. I used to love those books as a kid. Edit: holy shit I do remember this one. Didn't the mom run back in for the baby and die? The cat knocked over a candle or something I think.
It's great there. We sit around having wine with our haystacks before swimming on Saturday like heathens.
Goddamn it all came back to me dealing that. Ours had different illustrations but the story was the same.
Honestly, this is furthering my theory that the timeline isn't going to be like it is in the books. Maybe they never reunite in Caemlyn and Perrin is off on his own (and/or with Egwene) for a lot longer. Who knows.
Lol, I watched part of that where this single dad is living in a renovated Airstream with his ~11 y/o daughter. There was so little space they had to share a bed. I think back to my preteen days and I would have haaaaaaaaated sharing a room with either of my parents, let alone a bed. Kids, especially as they get older, need at least some privacy for goodness' sake.
I work in fraud investigation and this is pretty common. It's understandable though since most people don't understand how the banking industry works.
I'm a financial crime analyst at a bank and my best guess is someone stole OP's identity, created a fake ID with their photo but OP's personal information, and went to a Wells Fargo pretending to be OP and said "hey I want to cash this check, here's my ID." Wells looks up the info, the person in front of them has an ID with all the info that matches the account, so they cash the check with OP's account as "collateral" in case the check is bad. They would have no reason to ask for the social security number to do this. Of course the check is bad and gets returned after the bank negotiates it, so the funds are taken from OP's account. OP needs to treat this as an identity theft claim and not a Reg E claim; unless I'm misunderstanding something, it's got nothing to do with Reg E (which covers electronic transactions, such as debit card and ATM transactions). I've seen this exact thing happen multiple times. Sometimes the scammer doesn't bother to change the photo on the ID, and will wear a wig or other items to try and disguise themself as the person. Lol.
This drives me bonkers. It doesn't help that Instagram is full of pictures of people with their tents set up on fragile alpine meadows or people posing in the middle of the wildflowers.
Yeah! Over 3000 varieties! I had no idea until I visited and one of the locals mentioned it.
Speedcross? I love mine. The traction is unreal.
I had a Deva for years and only replaced it because it was so damn heavy. It was a really comfortable pack though.
Seconding the Fillo. I tried so many backpacking pillows and none of them worked nearly as well for me. The Fillo is the closest thing to an actual pillow that I've found. It's super comfy for both side and back sleeping, too. Yeah it's 9 oz but a good night's sleep is worth it.
Yes. GOOGLE NOTHING. Autocomplete is not your friend!
Edit: if you haven't finished AMOL yet, don't read the thread! According to the thread I've linked below, there were around 600 Asha'man (plus 100 Dreadlords). And about 225 Aes Sedai after the Black Ajah purge and the Sharan attack. https://www.theoryland.com/vbulletin/showthread.php?t=7771
RJ wrote most of the epilogue, but I know the Perrin scenes were Sanderson's (because RJ left essentially no notes for Perrin's plot). I believe there were a few other bits he added as well.
In general, Sanderson and Team Jordan have been adamant about not saying what was Jordan and what was Sanderson. Partly because that's pretty impossible, as there were doubtless plenty of blended sections, but also because they don't want the fans to say "oh this is canon and this isn't" or whatnot.
don't you put that voodoo on us
I hope to see it take off if the show gets popular. Lol
For me it was the character name. I started wondering if it was someone I had played with because it was so familiar...
Wonder if they'll announce Min when the book club gets to the chapter where she's introduced.... /tinfoil (Which is chapter 14, for those wondering.)
They can also be aged up a lot with makeup, so I'm not too worried regardless. Abell Cauthon looks badass. 10/10 would shoot bow with.
I love how they look like they could be actual parents of Mat and Egwene. And Cenn Buie looks like a grumpy retiree, I'm in.
I suspect they won't announce Ba'alzamon/Ishamael for spoiler purposes. But anyone else is fair game.
Bow before the Empress, y'all.
It's so funny how much this varies from person to person. I'm happy with all the castings but Egwene has been the only one where I saw the announcement photo and thought "holy shit yes that is HER."
Check out this photo from February. He already looks significantly bigger. https://www.instagram.com/p/B8GPQALh5wP/
Yeah. The body swapping in general for the Forsaken can probably be done away with (assuming they keep their resurrections in the show and don't stay dead). It's not really important to the story, and will be confusing in a visual medium. Not to mention the logistical issues with getting new actors.
Child Siuan is definitely true. It was listed publicly on her bio (isn't now).
For the lazy, new cast members are: * Keira Chansa, young Siuan Sanche https://www.imdb.com/name/nm10040565/ * Darren Clarke, Basel Gill https://www.imdb.com/name/nm2050408/ * Izuka Hoyle, Dana (possible typo of Dena) https://www.imdb.com/name/nm9287628/ * Jennifer Preston, Mrs. Grinwell https://www.imdb.com/name/nm8450570/ * Phil Snowden, Steve? https://www.imdb.com/name/nm2788562/
I wonder if they're going to make novices younger in the show? Like have them go to the WT as young girls rather than 14-15ish.
Probably Spotlight (casting site). Redanian Intelligence seems to have (or know) someone with an official Spotlight account, which allows them to search profiles. You can't search them otherwise.
I mean I wouldn't be mad about seeing tiny Siuan yelling "FISHGUTS" lol
I would love [Kandyse McClure](https://www.womenfitness.net/wp/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Kandyse-McClure-1.jpg) for Siuan. She's got the piercing eyes (not blue, but who cares) and she's a good actress who can really pull off Siuan's demeanor IMO.
I just noticed this. This is promising and I think would strike a good balance between both "camps" of release styles.
Screencap in case it vanishes: https://imgur.com/L1CONea So either he's messing with us, or he's Aram.
This has nothing to do with the "Steve" casting. We've known for months thatDaryl McCormack is in the show but no one knew his role until (maybe) now.
I agree, it's too specific and unless he's a book fan or looked it up on the Wiki, there's no way he'd know about the Tinker with a sword thing.
This is probably a code name used when auditioning for a role. We know a few: Nynaeve was Nadie, Mat was Makin, Egwene was Eliza, Rand was Ridhaan, and Padan Fain was Phineas. And for a little while after his official casting announcement, Marcus Rutherford's role was listed as "Peter" on his bio, implying that was the code name for Perrin auditions. So, "Steve" is likely the audition name for a character whose name starts with S, and it got erroneously added to his bio instead of the real name. I think the most likely option is Saml Hake, the shady innkeeper in Four Kings.
Well, according to Maria Simons, Robert Jordan's longtime assistant, Harriet loves the Emond's Field casting.
Lol they sent us calendars every year with scenic local pictures, siren test schedule dates, and instructions of what to do if there was a meltdown.
Yup I'm an avid hiker and I've almost gotten lost before just from going off the trail to pee. People don't realize how disorienting the wilderness can be, especially areas with lots of underbrush and uneven terrain. I live in the northwest and every year there are people who disappear in the Cascades. You can always tell who isn't familiar with the outdoors because they insist it must be foul play, because "no one just disappears while hiking, why aren't the police investigating this??!?!?"
Y'all Quaeda
Yup, it'd be a great fanservice moment if they worked that into the TV show somehow, but it otherwise would serve no purpose other than being a fun little bit of worldbuilding.
Liszt's Un Sospiro is one of my two favorite "romantic" sounding pieces. I wouldn't really consider it underrated but at least back when I was seriously playing (which was over 15 years ago, oh boy) it wasn't mentioned nearly as much. The second movement of Rachmaninoff Piano Concerto No. 2 is my other favorite. Although it's certainly not underrated lol.
Yup, most of the cases are just folks who got lost in the wilderness. Happens way easier than most people realize. But getting lost in the wilderness isn't shocking or sensational, so then you get the crazy theories about foul play, supernatural bullshit, aliens, etc.
