Gonna be that guy. Sprint in the modern Halo titles
Nah also new to Prey. Love the Guts. Probably my fave area
It mainly breaks the synergy of movement and gunplay in the series. It actually removes player options as players can't shoot and move at their fastest speed. Instead of run and gun it becomes run then gun and hide behind cover. This works in other games but in a game like Halo that is known for it's arena gameplay and high ttk's this is a huge problem. It allows a lot of escapability from gunfights causing annoying cat and mouse skirmishes and removes players abilities to be aggressive.
It's a bit more complicated than that. What I mean by removing options is that of comparing it to previous Halo titles. For example in previous titles if a player has a sword and attempts to bullrush me with terrible positioning I can backpedal at the same speed as they run forward and spray them down while they are out of reach. With Sprint I can no longer do that. Because sprint is a directional speed boost it actually limits my options of what I can do against that player. Now the sword guy can sprint at me, while I backpedal at a slower speed than them and he can close the gap. If I try to backpedal and spray him down, I will lose the engagement. My options are A - turn around and run away without being able to fight back because I can't use my gun or B - Hope he's far enough away that I can spray him down before he reaches me. OR more likely C - accept death since the ttk in halo is too high for that movement delta and B won't work. Sprint isn't an inherently broken mechanic, but paired with a long ttk it becomes a problem. If this was a game like battlefield for instance or Call of Duty, the ttk would be so low that I could immediately punish the sword (or knife) user for their bad positioning. In Halo that guy is gonna win. I actually like how Half life does sprint better. The movement delta can be annoying if it had a competitive multiplayer but the player can at least use their gun while moving fast.
Raycevick is a critic but his appearances on all skulls on (podcast with the act man) and his Halo videos are pretty top notch and professional and he takes in account context of the time. Favyn is probably one of the smartest mostly Halo specific YouTubers. He's good at making the information more relatable to your average Joe while not dumbing it down. Those two are probably the best. The Act Man has some good stuff but there's a lot of instances of him jumping the gun on things and making assumptions. He's mostly good though.
Thought I'd add to this. u/Knighthonor One of the biggest differences between COD and say Battlefield/Battlefront is the use of Hitscan or projectile. COD mostly uses Hitscan for it's weapons while most of Battlefield's weapons are projectile. Their online structures are also very different. COD I believe is still Peer to Peer while Battlefield uses dedicated servers. Battlefront separates itself from Battlefield mainly in it's use or lack thereof of bullet drop. Lasers don't drop and pretty much always shoot straight. I believe that "arcadey feel" of Battlefront 1 came from it's use of powerups for heroes and vehicles. There wasn't really a good in game-universe explanation for them and the game kinda just shrugs and goes "meh it's a game". Battlefront 2 separates itself from 1 mainly in that it changes this system to their new tiered battle point system, but also the weapon feel is changed because they added alot of spread to weapons making them less accurate.
Watches the new Justice league. "Ahh that's better"
I felt that way about Sonic Mania's remixed levels. But it's new levels were top notch with it's own original ideas. I was impressed. It was at least the best sonic game out there.
That'd probably be even more frustrating. That's when players would want it the most so I'd say don't do that.
Kinda ruins the point of having thrust in the first place. I understand your point. However now that's pretty much having thrust for the sake of having thrust. considering thrust is meant to be an evasive tool. Gimping it arbitrarily will only be frustrating for players rather than fun.
True consoles allow that option. However in my experience that also changes the controls for menus without changing UI which can also be annoying
Umm... Not gonna lie I'd probably buy an ODST beanie if it looked cool enough.
Apoloshills are fine. We have no beef with them.
The show honestly doesn't do nearly enough to SHOW the effects of the good of what Light does. From the very get go your most likely against him and want him to fail or at least stop. We get lip service saying how Kira has stopped wars and all that but we haven't actually seen it. It's hard to be on his side.
I approve. Only thing I'd add is let's make Mello not a edgy teenager but instead an adult just so he'll actually look dangerous
Personally I thought they were pretty weak mission designs and there was a lot of recycled content that wasn't thought out all that well. I personally thought the story of it was just Okay. There were some neat things but in the Halo series where everything is at an epic level of scale and importance seeing a squad going around doing essentially what Chief would consider gruntwork wasn't what I'd consider all that fun.
True. That just makes him a dick to everyone though and it doesn't mean that he is not disrespecting women. He's just also disrespecting men as well
Itd be cool if 1. this was a squad game like battlefield with open sightlines enough to punish a charging Spartan 2. It didn't make players 1 shot 3. It didn't lock on to players 4. If the game wasn't Halo
Someone doesn't know the cancer charge button combo. Triples Spartan charge length. .....also known as thrust charge
True I've also seen it mostly used for movement tech, especially in that it allows players to literally fly around corners since you can change it's direction. But I've also seen it used a lot for finishing off kills If Halo was a squad Battlefield-esque game with significantly different level design I'd be okay with it, but since h5 is trying to be an arena game I'm not a fan of it. Regardless, we should also be making sure that the game can be fun for those lower level players as well. If the mechanic makes the gameplay obnoxious for them and isn't that prevalent in competitive to me the answer is obvious.
Fun game. My only issue is that the controls on console are awful and unintuitive. It's certainly something that people can get used to but it could be streamlined significantly. I really like the use of projectile which makes the gunplay just more interesting and allows for the wide open spaces without cover to not be a total death sentence. In general it feels to me like Better PubG
Honestly I haven't played it in a while. Don't think those were an option when I played though.
Light was never likeable at all. He's like watching Breaking bad but you've started on season 5.
My guess is that you'll have to quit the build and replay the mission if you can't get everything to load properly
It may be a lag thing or the boundary for the teleporters may be a bit large
At the end of Halo 4, Lasky telling chief that they are men not machines. It was just so in the nose and pretentious. Edit: someone else pointed it out. "Surrender that AI" is definitely worse.
It's pretentious because it's acting like it's trying to make a commentary on horrors of war and how you can be desensitized enough as a soldier to just be a cog in wheel of the war machine but the game doesn't actually doesn't have anything to say about that. It's kinda like Deus Ex Human Revolution, where the game acts like it has something on it's mind when it doesn't. This video makes it clear for that game. https://m.youtube.com/watch?t=1013s&amp;v=X43i8NQ--_s There is NOTHING in the game that will make chief seem like a machine with no empathy or emotion. In fact it's the opposite where chief has shown more emotion than he ever has before. Lasky just spouts it off almost and random as if the game is like &lt; Insert theme here &gt;. Now if chief let people die or something based off orders by a commander without empathy or remorse for his actions. That would make him like machine or a tool for the government. Don't get me wrong I think Lasky's voice actor and animation was fantastic and it made him seem like a very likeable guy, but that dialogue was just wrong
Nah. Young Justice was the shit man
True. It doesn't. A lot of people may gut react and go "no req system means no cool req weapons" which is not necessarily true. It is completely possible to just have a bunch of cool weapons in the game and variants of those weapons without monetizing the gameplay
I really really don't like the new forerunner direction. Both the architecture and the story. It's just devolved downward after Halo 3. Before we had purposeful meaningful aesthetics that were great for environmental storytelling, and now we have a bunch of meaningless floating angular polygons everywhere. The new stuff just misses the point. I didn't really mind it if it was just exclusive to the gravity well. thought at first it was a cool gimmick. Problem is that they found a gimmick and overused it again and again and again.
I hadn't tried that yet. Next time I play I'll try that out.
It was the safe with the transcribe of Morgan talking about looking at the black between the stars and it being angry at him (paraphrasing). Seemed pretty important so I think that's it.
Preferably here's how I'd lay it out. Similar idea to yours but a bit more streamlined. Get rid of the req levels entirely. KIS Keep it Simple. Each team on a map has a set pool of items (vehicles, weapons, powerups, etc,) shared across the entire team. This pool of items is specifically tailored towards each individual warzone map and each individual team if they want (allowing asymmetrical objectives for warzone, like an attacking team and a defending team). Items have set "respawn times" in the menu that can control the flow of what items players can use. Ex. Say on Zanzibar_4 your team has access to a tank. If you immediately use it at the start and it gets destroyed you will have to wait for it to respawn before your team can pull it out again. This way different more powerful items can be offset by less powerful items that would "spawn in menu" more frequently. They can even restrict access to certain weapons at the start of the matches by not having them "spawn in menu" for the first few minutes or until an objective is taken or whatever they want. Along with this, the developers can make much better Warzone maps because they won't have to account for every single item in the game and can therefore create much more focused experiences. Say a designer wants to make a map inside a cave, now they actually can and then they can just not allow banshees to be spawned on that map. Say they want an attack and defend experience like warzone assault and they want to make it say, like UNSC vs covenant weapons. Now they can give one team two ghosts and the other a warthog etc... It gives them far more control to make a better experience. Edit: for AI. To create a more focused experience I would remove Boss AI and instead place AI on both of the teams instead. You would have friendly AI and the enemy would have their friendly AI. This would remove the struggle and frustration of each team "stealing the boss kill from each other". You could have AI VIP's that you have to defend from the other team. AI teammates that would help defend your base or help raid objectives with you. Much better than random 3rd party AI that have their feet glued to the floor. Edit 2: Lore excuse for item respawn times could be identical to how Halo Wars did it. They need time to build another warthog, BR, tank etc...
Played Shadow The Hedgehog, and thought that it was awesome. I came back to it and it's like the most hilarious thing ever
While this is a very solid point. I think that just means they either need to A: balance the ONI scorpion better or B: Just not place one on the map, or C: Make sure their are adequate opportunities for countering a tank on the map, whether it be weapons to spawn in or in the level's design. It would be no different than typical Halo btb maps vehicle respawns with the exception that they get pulled from a a menu.
I understand your point but Trust me. It's a lot easier to balance every warzone map individually than it does to attempt to design maps that have to take in account every part of the sandbox in one map. Balance for a game is almost always easiest to do (and ends up working best) at the map level than it does from a removed broad perspective. For player interest the act of setting up different sandbox setups per map and per gamemode for that map, will actually have an increase of variety for the overall experience because every time you are playing a different map with a different weapon setup than the last map you were playing on (Even if weapon setups never change throughout the games lifespan). Along with this, weapon and vehicle refreshes are always a possibility for them to spice up the experience. By giving the player the option to choose whatever they want out of the sandbox, they are bound to actually make the game less varied and therefore stale for themselves. You'll often hear how players have a go to progression of weapons they choose to use throughout every warzone match because of this. and by allowing them to choose anything out of the sandbox they will always choose the things that they think are the best to use out of the sandbox every time regardless of the map, potentially missing out on other weapons and vehicles that they would have enjoyed using otherwise.
Interesting thing. H3's base speed is actually pretty close to Halo 2's (not including movement acceleration). The difference is H3 has a very narrow FOV that makes it look like you are moving slower than you actually are. There's a video by Gamecheat I think that shows what H3 looks like with a wider FOV. It makes it look like the player is actually moving really fast. A faster bms would be nice for sure. Ideally something faster than Halo but slower than Doom would be pretty awesome to me. But FOV is something that's also pretty powerful to keep in mind.
From my point of view the Jedi are evil!
Oh no! A locked door! My only weakness!
Map scale between Doom and h5 is actually pretty similar. The reason you feel slower in h5 is because you actually are slower. Essentially your going close to the speed of h5's sprint in Doom, but in any direction, and you can still shoot.
To me. It was kinda gray until he killed Ray Penbur and all the FBI agents. When you are at the point where you start killing innocent people, to me you are a bad person.
He could also...... you know.....Not kill Ray Penbur. If light could write names in his notebook when being watched by 50 cameras. I'm pretty sure he could with a guy standing outside his house.
Similar yes. Except it would have no doors on it and the area would be fully accessible from the beginning of the match. Once a round ends the teams would switch sides. Unreal tournament (I think UT3) had a mode similar to it except it was symmetrical and both teams had their own core. I prefer 1 team attacks and 1 team defends because it focused the experience better and it's easier to keep track of for players.
HW &gt; H2A &gt; H3 &gt; H2 &gt; CE &gt; H5 &gt; H4 for chief armor
Well to be fair, if i were trying to gather feedback from the community I wouldn't really ever do voting style decisions. Instead it's far more effective to look for more notable community members that know what they are talking about. Another user pointed out Haruspis which would be a good example
The power of punctuation. I just imagined a "Pessimistic Jesus Christ".
It's tough in the story department. Maybe a new game where you actually play as the real Morgan. A lot of people have been saying on Earth would be a cool location, but I could also see some human refugees huddling up on a new space station (Talos 2?) where they are being invaded by Typhon. In general though I think the game could see a lot of improvements in combat functionality. A lot of enemy attacks are pretty much undodgeable or at least not reasonably dodgeable and in a game with no regenerating health that is a really big deal. I'd love to see an increase to the base strafe acceleration, and less homing attacks by enemies. I would have loved to have more reasons to use the Typhon dash ability (I forget it's name) and in general have some more aggressive play possibilities. Also CO-OP would be absolutely amazing for Prey. Mainly due to things like a gloomy gun and how you and friend could troll each other so much.
Sen's Fortress is my favorite area in Dark Souls period. But I'm actually excited to see how they improve blighttown. Honestly framerate issues we're the biggest issue in the area
Prey is really awesome as well
Most likely it is to avoid what I like to call Marcus Fenix syndrome. In Gears of War for instance, if you chose to play as Marcus Fenix everyone knew you were a scrub because he's the default character. Or you were really good and wanted to pose as a scrub. If you allow your main character to be played as in multiplayer, it diminishes the value of your character in the players eyes because that character is no longer exclusive or special. This could be at least somewhat avoided in my opinion if your main character was like the final unlock, kind of like Recon in Halo 3. But a lot of developers like to avoid it entirely
Lmao
Some friends and I are making our Dark Souls Coop mobbing group. (Coop prob not invading) One of us is the Grim reaper, we have a wizard, an edgelord (dex) speed, and a claymore bro. It's gonna be epic
PlayStation will easily take the cake on that. However in my experience using Xbox one I've had no issues population wise with any of the Dark Souls games. There are plenty of Invaders, sunbros etc.... I can even go back and play DS1 on Xbox one backwards compatible and people will be there
What about my boy Private Dustin Echoes? Chief just abandoned him. He could have been saved.
I only see two mimics
How about just button mapping for console and keybinding for pc
Boring OP weapon honestly. There is some novelty to having it which I can respect. But I don't find it that fun to use or be shot by. Exception being when you're fighting against vehicles with it just unloading. Personally I don't like fights that end after the first shot in most games (except Siege). It's not really a fight then. It's more of an assassination or an execution really.
Tis known as a joke, to not be taken seriously Why don't we just play as Doom guy in the first 3? He'd save the universe just in time for lunch.
Ya but moreso I'd prefer to see it on the sentinel end of the spectrum. For example, Guilty Spark's wave attack in H3 could be expanded on as a little damage displacement type weapon. Being able to essentially pilot an enforcer or enforcer like vehicle would be epic as well.
Ya played the first half of SPV3 so far. It's pretty awesome btw. Honestly i only really used sprint when traveling in the more open areas like on Halo and silent cartographer. Other than those I really didn't feel that I needed it. I do think the same effect could a have been achieved by an omnidirectional speed boost where Chief could still could shoot. Kind of like Doom's haste powerup.
I got Frozen Memories. It actually sounds like a cool level.
Same. I honestly like the look the blue one more than the orangish one.
Yes but probably in a revival of Invasion with clearly distinct teams
CE-3 Elites and Brutes we're probably my favorite enemy types. They just in general had the most varying combat. Followed probably by the Hunters from CE where the best way too fight them is actually playing aggressively
Lol
Ya we've actually tested it in customs before with variations of both Evolved settings and just some personal tests. But yes I would love a dev test for people to see it for themselves.
If you had their name to write in your Deathnote, why would you have them write their name in another Deathnote? I'd assume that you could. Why not? Maybe have the person write the action then wait before they die than have the thing that they write in their Deathnote be instant death for them. Its just to convoluted that way when it could be done simpler.
No. Popcorn flood cannot knock down steel doors. . . . What actually happened was that it was a secret plan by the librarian to test the mettle of the Master Chief and whether he was worthy of the maguffin of responsibility. From 1000's of years in the past, she accurately predicted that the chief would be in that room. Through the use of electromagnetic waves, she could predict exactly how long it would take for chief to finish watching Jenkin's Go-Pro footage. From there she placed nanobot thermite explosives on each of the doors to go off in sequence, releasing the flood in smaller organized groups. Ever wonder why they didn't just break down all the doors at once? Didn't think so
I'd probably compile shotty snipers/snipers and fiesta into 1 rotational playlist slot. Currently I don't think either of those should be permanent
In this case are they using the preview playlist as the replacement for team arena? Regardless I agree. Objective pls
Lol
While true that doesn't mean it's not a shit experience for the both of you. It's honestly been an issue since h3 really. It's this instant gratification idea of if I melee I should hit them even if I'm barely aiming at them or I mistime it. CE and H2 easily had the best melees. H2 with the momentum melee attacks and CE with each weapon having it own unique melee hitbox. I'd argue the CE version could be done even better with modern tech and better animations to visually communicate the melee hitboxes better.
During the battle of Stalingrad, the German's were actually far better soldiers than the Russians. The Russians just had way more people to throw at the German machine guns. The German's lost because they ran out of Ammo. Same would pretty much happen to even Master Chief. Edit: In a clear fucking field. Shit Chief would get beat by like 12
Very true, it was a very basic summary of an aspect of the battle. Point still remains. Outnumbered
AR worked very well in CE competitive. I don't consider it an impossible feat to have skillful automatic weapons.
When I first finished as the game I had estoc in the left hand and dark sword in the right. I was pretty much scum
CE and 3 tie for me. H2 is a solid second place though
Ya for me CE's combat is better, but CE was only really "great" at Slayer with it's optimal player count being doubles. Trying doubles for any other objective normally never works due to the the length of respawn time. Also vehicles in an fps were still in their infancy which made btb a bit weak. H3 does objective a lot better than CE and it's btb is probably the best in the series. The problem to me though is that H3's base combat isn't as strong as CE's. No grav damage, melee lunges rather than actually having to aim your melee like CE, the spread on the BR, the fov was too far in and strafe acceleration was too slow. I can't really put one over the other. The ideal Halo to me would have both of their best aspects
Actually at the higher levels it had a ton of utility, primarily in using it for ambush strats, cleaning up kills and and for meleeing. The CE AR had the most generous to hit melee hitbox along with a faster melee so it ended up often being used as a melee tool. The spray beatdown could easily out DPS the magnum. That and the teamshot one sprays with AR while other uses another weapon was also effective. You can look at footage of pro games just on YouTube where you will even see some pros drop the Magnum for the AR because in whatever strat they are using it ends up being more effective for them. Does that mean that the magnum couldn't have had an adjustment of a slightly lower rate of fire to make those strategies more viable to moderately skilled players and lower skilled players? No. It probably should have had a bit of a tweak.
Nah we're giving them armor lock
I can agree with that
Nah man. Shame on you for wanting to play the version of foundary that was underwater with separated useable warthog turrets. Go back to where thou came heathen. . . ........played 1 custom game of it years ago. It was dope
There's one universal truth in life . . . People are stupid
There are two types of radar. There's default radar in most playlists. However the HCS/Competitive Playlist uses a Spartan ability radar that makes it so players only show up on radar when they do stuff like sprinting, spartan charging, clambering, etc....
I honestly have no idea
Scavenger is easily the best BTB map on matchmaking. Has the best map scaling, unique setting, layout, clean warthog routes and jumps etc.... Players can actually get across the map without getting domed every two seconds etc.... Oh that and the Free Olive 2016 Easter egg Worst is tough. It was in between Basin, and Unearthed for me for sure. Probably have to go with Basin because it's the least imaginative of the two maps. Just a flat slope up to the top and reverse on the other side with two positions of contention with obnoxious camping in all the buildings. Objectives are uncontestable leading to a point of no return once a team crosses the middle hill. Just lack of understanding of sightline control in general on the map.
Spelling is important. I now want to see a dragon that fights you with a grappling hook
Well they exist to make money. Warzone doesn't need them to work
I'm not saying req weapons can't be in the game. Just that they can't be random and you shouldn't be able to buy them
Ya personally think only forerunner enemies I want to see are if they expanded on the sentinels.
I dunno man. When my dog saved me from a creeper in Minecraft it tugged on the heartstrings.
Well yes and no. The reach shotgun has a far less angular shapes to it. That and the color is a combo of gray and black rather than the h4/5 one which is completely gray. It's as if they took the inspiration from the reach shotgun but then contorted it to look as it does now. One thing to note though. The h4/h5 shotgun doesn't look that awful from a side view. It just looks awful from first person view. Hard to even recognize as a shotgun from that view because it almost hides the most recognizeable features of a shotgun.
The idea is pretty sound but the execution I think is off. It's currently far too easy with the regular shot to get kills, and it's shreds warthogs far too easily. I think if the shots were a lot more arched requiring some more skillful aiming I'd be okay but currently I'm not a fan of it. Also infinite grenades on the back of it is dumb
I think holding the frags button could lead to some unresponsiveness. See how in Halo 5 how ground pound adds a major delay to player attempting to jump melee. Not saying its impossible to make that clean but I'm not a fan of dual purpose buttons. Ideally you would just switch to it like you do between plasma's and frags already. There would be no "cooking"
Got me there..
Ground pound becomes a tactical nuke if players have the tactical nuke req pack. Whenever someone ground pounds it kills everything in the map I could come up with dumb ideas all day :)
Probably the most unique ones are the plasma caster that has the proximity explosives and the voids tear. An honorable mention is the ad victorium. Which would've been perfect but then they decided it should shoot 3 rockets rather than one.
True. Now if it didn't have 3 rockets so we could use it in arena and btb. It'd be awesome
You hate people expressing their dislike for predatory amoral business practices? If you were complaining about another. The elites look like shit post I'd understand you. But this is a really high deal
Gael to me is probably the best boss ever made. Like of all time. Easily my favorite boss in a video game. I feel that a bit of his awesomeness is taken away though because he's essentially a far more refined version of the Artorios fight and the Orphan fight. Like because it's not the first time we've seen this type of fighting it takes away some originality points. However at the same time the fight is just so well crafted with skillful animations and moves that it's probably one of the most fair fights in the game. He certainly isn't the hardest boss though. That honor belongs to Friede IMO Dark Souls has a ton of awesome bosses that all have their own unique flair to them. Some of my other favorites are: The Abysswatchers Nameless King The Gaping Dragon Artorias Lady Maria Gehrman Shadows of Yarnham Gascoigne Micolash (yes cagehead man. I love this guy)
There are a few reasons why people keep making the ultimatum. 1. Buyer validation. They want to feel like them buying the game as a whole package was worth it and see criticism of that aspect as an attack on their intelligence. 2. Bandwagon effect. People bandwagoned off the idea that microtransaction loot boxes are what funds the dlc (which btw is false. Most companies are just pocketing microtransaction profit.) 3. People like to think in binary. It's either this way or this way. Essentially they get too emotionally invested to see alternative possibilities. Just what was and what it is now. I agree with you, there are a ton of alternate strategies for revenue streams that could all work. Some existing and some theoretical. Just not many have tried them.
Really really weak enemy designs. Not fun to fight. They don't really fit Halo's universe IMO. They feel like they belong to a fantasy game or Tron.
It's a game that doesn't know what it wants to be. There are some really good things and some really bad things. Mechanics show a lot of potential for a squad like game. Mostly similar to battlefield. You can see this with how punishable Spartan charge is in open areas. Which makes the move okay. Players are motivated to play in a more tactical playstyle. However the level design and Hitscan weapons think they are in the exact opposite type of game. Most of the 4v4 maps are more of an arena style but instead of strong controlled level design, the levels instead are far too porous (like Swiss cheese). What results is players essentially being able to go wherever they want whenever they want, and predictability and being able to track other players is thrown out the window. So that's why to me the game is just meh. Just an average multiplayer. 343 can do better and I know of at least two level designers they have now that can show that.
Realistically though it wouldn't surprise me if req sales were able to fund HCS and some. DLC gets planned so far in advance these times that I find it hard to believe they didn't have the capital to back it up before the game came out ( before the req sales). I think realistically it's fair to trust that it funded HCS, but not so much for the actual DLC.
I'd personally prefer Mr. freeze ice puns. "Alright everybody Chill!" "Cool party everybody!"
Life pro tips. When your mind goes Promethean. Just say no. ;) It didn't work for Ridley Scott either lol
That's how we'll do it. We figured it out guys! Cheif gets emp'd in the opening cutscene. Problem solved.
This guy used the Last Word. Also I approve. I'd love that as a weapon. Idk if it'd fit the aesthetic of Halo. You'd need a skillful artist. Part of me feels it'd be easier to just have a big magnum like the CE magnum, then a tiny pistol, like the h5 pistol or the H2 pistol.
I like to imagine that they had pulled the winch off of a stolen warthog. Then just use a ton of that thick steel cable.
Looks really good. Good job! Some of the effects were a little over the top though
The funniest thing about Keyes though is because he has the same AI as the Marines, he also has the action where he unloads into dead corpses on the ground. Since they gave him a needler this ends up supercombining and he often ends up killing himself Edit: before launch this happened during development. Not in the final game. They turned off his corpse shooting behavior. Still funny though
Meh. Right now I'm a big fan of the Prey community and the Dark Souls community. They are at least mostly united all just having a good time. Halo community is alright, but you have to find like a subgroup to have a good time with people. (For me that's Forgehub). A lot of people are really toxic. I do believe that the only way to change this is within 343's hands. People don't get toxic out of nowhere. Make the right game, people won't be angry
Darn loopholes :(
Oh. I was too distracted by the abbreviation for assists making each game say ass spread
Honestly people only complain if it doesn't look as cool. Which it doesn't. They didn't care in H2 because it looked cooler. They did in h4 because it did not look cooler. Then the nanobot excuse on top of that was hilarious.
I don't think it looks awful either. It's just if you replace something beloved with something that is just okay or on par that people don't recognize, it's gonna make em angry
Aight guys relax. My b. I'll edit top comment
To me that's too cynical of a way to look at it. It plays into the belief that everything is subjective and that nothing is "good". I feel that's it's a non argument. Communities that surround a game exist because of the game itself. You don't see a huge following for Bubsy 3D, or Gex: Enter the Gecko for a reason. It's because those games weren't very good to the majority of people Ideally you can make a game that capitalizes on things that a large amount of people subjectively agree with. What resonates with the most amount of people or specifically your target audience. I feel the whole subjectivity argument nullifies 343's work as well. What your essentially saying is that they could put out shit on a plate or a modern masterpiece and it wouldn't matter. Which to me is false. People can be swayed by a majority of people who like something even if they were die-hard fans of a certain direction. Easy examples of long-standing franchises that are almost universally loved with few exceptions. Mario, and Zelda. Even if they have those failed attempts in their track record like Skyward Sword
I see your point. I still believe there is a lot of causation on the developer end but i see what you mean by it not being 1 to 1. One thing I'd add is that there is also a correlation of toxic communities that surround competitive games in general most likely due to the nature of simply having PvP. That would make my Prey and Dark Souls comparisons unfair because both are mostly single player experiences. (I know DS has some PvP)
He's not wrong. Obviously win is hyperbolic but you are getting an advantage over sometime else who has not amassed the same req collection even though it is possible to "turn" on them.
Looks interesting. Reminds me of the Brotherhood of Steel from fallout
Del Rio looks like he lifts a lot more than Bush. That's for sure
While true you're still gambling your time away instead. Still pretty messed up
You have to keep in mind that it also includes time invested grinding. Which is far more than 10 seconds. That's multiple games that the player may potentially have not wanted to play. I've known many players who absolutely despised warzone assault who kept playing it just for the req points.
Mostly a rock guy. My favorite songs are the ones that just give me a ton of energy. Rip and Tear by Mick Gordon is awesome. Knights of Cydonia by Muse Hypnotise by System of a Down.
While I'm able to avoid the lures the reward structures of these games now, these structures encourage this type of behavior and it's not healthy. Destiny was my first experience with these types of systems and I hated the game, but I still played it because they hooked me with those incentives. Even though people are making the decision themselves doesn't mean that they are not being put into a situation that is manipulative
If you could choose the exact item you wanted outright. I'd agree with you and have no issue. The RANDOM part is the problem.
Not personally no. Got scammed by some Yu-Gi-Oh cards though myself. The difference with baseball cards though is that you could trade them and that cards didn't give you any sort competitive advantage. The point of those cards was purely to collect them, and if players didn't like what they got they could at least do something about. Should it be illegal? No. Is it shitty? Yes Honestly though baseball cards were also pretty scammy especially when they started releasing special editions of baseball players that just had different colors of essentially the same card. Edit: also keep in mind that by buying a baseball card you never effected another person's experience. In warzone you getting a nornfang does make another person experience that much shittier.
And does that make getting dud rewards not shitty? The point is that for people that are unlike you the intrinsic reward of playing the game itself may not be satisfying enough, and in such they play for the "loot". See destiny for example. In such they are playing purely for the extrinsic reward of getting these items. To them it's like a job, because they are working towards a goal. Investing your time regardless of if it's actually your job or not means they are actively wasting these players time on something not enjoyable. A grind. Edit: even if you don't think it's a "big deal" wouldn't you prefer the best case scenario where consumers are actually getting what they paid for or "grinded" for rather than them going through a slot machine?
Can you answer the edit question?
Still didn't answer the question.
My strategy is to just not play the games that have the loot boxes that effect game play. In the games that do, like Battlefront 2, and Warzone, it actively makes the game play worse so I'm not a fan. I have better games I could play like Prey, Dark Souls, or whatever else, not everyone else knows their other options. For my own personal taste loot boxes that don't effect game play like in Overwatch don't really bother me, and I'm willing to play those games since it doesn't sacrifice the game's integrity. However I know other's are a big fan of the fashion show that comes with skins and armors and stuff so even then those aren't the ideal situation
Oh that's awesome. Hadn't known that
If energy swords aren't real, are our eyes real?
"oh they can't kill me if I hide under this semi truck"
I believe the idea is that he wants the same formula but done with much more depth and expanded upon. Essentially he wants to see the idea iterated on, which is something I would like to see as well. The concept of a more open hub world that allows you to go to linear missions isn't something that's specifically related to only ODST. Destiny actually does this for every single world the player flies to. Personally I believe there could have been a lot more elements of exploration and actual detective work in ODST that never came to fruition. Prey is a recent game that does this really well that i'd love to see an ODST styled game take inspiration from it.
I got you. I think seeing those events from a different perspective would be really cool if done right, but I'd also like to see something new. I like the idea of a single ODST being stranded and having to solve mysteries in a ODST/Prey hybrid game personally. I think I'd avoid putting it on high charity myself as well. No squad mates to find. I like the idea of an ODST being stranded on a planet, some sort of human colony occupied by Banished forces that the Unsc isn't aware of or is simply letting happen. Maybe the planet was originally owned by the Brutes and after the war ended in Halo 3, they attempt to take it back from humans who have annexed it. Could be really cool.
Depends on the combo. Very effective: Pistol + plasma pistol Mailer + Mauler Mauler + pistol Mauler + smg Mauler + anything really SMG + pistol Kinda effective: Dual smg's weren't half bad Plasma rifle + smg Not effective: Pistol + pistol
Ya in those starts. I had just assumed we were referring to default BR starts
It is but players commonly preferred br starts enough that I consider it "true" Halo 3. Kinda like No items in smash bro melee
In FFA I'd agree with you. It has that kinda scavenger every man for himself vibe. Can't say I'd prefer it for anything else though.
Good thing to note though. CE is 2v2 so it's still very easy to find a match since it requires less players.
Favorite. Warthog. It's such a well designed vehicle which we've only scratched the surface of level designs that can encorporate it with a ton depth. The simple aspect of it being team coordinating vehicle leads to so many possibilities. Surprise surprise my second favorite vehicle is the Falcon. Warthog of the sky. I think if they could make a sort of single turret air vehicle with passenger seats though that it would be a hug improvement to it
Can you erase a name on the death note to nulliify a Death? Interesting concept
Moreso pay for an advantage over others with money or with time invested rather than pay to win
Better question: Does it also have horns
So unlocking items in halo 5 is really messed up. Essentially the only way to get armor is to play the game to gain req points, then you use those points to buy req packs, where you have a "chance" at getting the armor you want. You can't garuntee anything, so you just have to grind the game repeatedly to get the armor. Essentially through loot boxes. They did sell it in a limited time pack for like 10 bucks or 80,000 req points but I don't think you can get it now that way
Most likely just because they wanted a more diverse pallete in the character creator. Is it fair to assume that all Catarinaians are black? What if most are and Siegmeyer is a minority in that society?
For variety. Not particularly any other reason
Well clearly Siegmeyer as a character was created way before they thought of Catarina as a whole. So really you should be asking why are the Catarinaians in the custom creator black when the only ones we've seen are white? I understand that you'd like more black representation in the games. I think that's totally reasonable, but don't impose that on a pre-existing character. The developers aren't racist or anything and the black characters that are in the series (I believe specifically DS2 had the most), aren't designed to be any lesser in. Rather than getting mad of how there isn't existing black characters, I'd instead propose the possibility of adding new characters that are more racially diverse, because changing an existing character race or gender is just gonna cause riots. See when they made Wally West black after he used to be a redhead, or when they made Thor a woman for a while. It doesn't go well. But a new character though why not?
Oh so you'd prefer that there are no black ethnicity options in the presets then?
It's wierd for me cuz that's kinda a half yes from me. I absolutely loved Hunt the Truth, but I couldn't stand the stories of H4 and H5. That and New Blood I hear was pretty good. So could I selectively ignore parts of halo canon?
I like the parts with Cortana and Lasky, everything else? nah...
So I just have to put up with the Halo stories that I hate and feel go against/contradict the original message of the series?
This is why I think for risk assessment purposes, 343 really should have made prequel games rather than sequel titles. Prequels even if they contradict established lore or make huge leaps from the original source material are significantly less offensive to viewers than sequels. The reason being is that if you don't like it, you can ignore it. For you the story can start at 0,0 and you can have a satisfying ending. The same cannot be said about sequels though, because sequels are the present, it's the direction your story is going and people have to put up with it because it is here. Now. Remember with Star Wars how everyone hated the prequels but could still say they loved StarWars. It was because they could just ignore what the prequels did and they could still enjoy what the series is. Same can't be said about the Last Jedi which viewers to this day still want to be retconned from star wars cannon for everything it changed. They can't ignore it, it's the way the story is going and leading too. Just a fun thought this discussion gave me
Probably better to say themes because a lot of games avoid having a central theme, but thing like the Forerunners and their relation to the human covenant conflict
Definitely haven't tried it or definitely won't try it?
Apparently you can, just add different lore on top of it and change the meaning of what something meant. It was done with halo reach. It was done with h3 terminals, h4 and h5 and it can be done again
Spelling is important...
Lol it's too late
Yes. Which was before halo 4 was it not? It's literally the same device to remove the armor.
There was a huge push in around the 2010-to 2015 era where games to major inspiration from the success of Iron Man. Halo is definitely no exception
Does that all of a sudden make it not rip off the iron Man scene? The time is the irrelevant part of the argument
It's treason then
Well if you wanna go that route, there are actually vlogs with the Designers saying they took heavy inspiration from Doom, Quake and Unreal tournament
I'm assuming at the start they originally weren't, like the Spartan 1's and 2's. But when we get around to the Spartan 4's I think since the secret was out that they were kidnapping kids that they had started to pay them and all that. They clearly got the big bucks to do it, I'm sure they can pay them a nice wage.
What about the new Spartan 4's though? Since Osiris had often talked baout buying drinks, I assume that Spartan 4's do get leave and have some sort of wage.
Oh so like everything These two are probably the best Halo games. An argument could be made for Halo CE though
True, however they made it clear that Buck was buying them drinks from what seems out of pocket rather than them just all using the UNSC expense accounts. That is a good idea though.
I think it's less about what they think and more about the what the public thinks. If the public ever figured out, it would be a huge PR hit for them even if the Spartan 2's didn't care. For example, a few years ago Nike moved some of it's shoe production to Vietnam and paid the locals to produce shoes. They had paid them like 3 dollars an hour (I forget the actual number). Once news came out the public was outraged at Nike. However what the public didn't know was that in Vietnam those workers were actually getting paid a very competitive wage, that was actually more than they would make in other local jobs. The point being that people will get outraged about things for other even if those they feel "victims" don't consider themselves victims.
So yeah. A Confirmed fake. That's what I thought
Cuz honestly it looks cooler
Hmmmmm.... But imagine all the fun memes that could come from said events. Seems like a missed opportunity
I'd recommend checking out forgehub. For MCC there was an H2A contest that had a bunch of 1v1 and 2v2 maps a few years ago. I'd recommend searching the map author's "a Chunk", "MultiLockOn", and "Sgt x Slaphead". They all had some quality content back in H2A. Off the top of my head, Fair and Square by Slaphead was a great one
It's pretty close. Just smaller scale than Battle Royale. It actually existed as a community gamemode before PUBG came out
It would be awesome though
Hahahahahahaha thats awful
Don't worry you weren't the only one. I had to zoom in really far to find where the people even were
Nah. They aren't allowed to stop doing numbers till halo 7. After halo 7 then I shall allow them to do subtitles only
Midship can be fun in the right context, but to me it's just an okay map. Not anything particularly amazing about it. The simplicity of the map lent itself well to the teamshot meta that Halo 2 introduced over CE's more individual skill so in that case it was pretty solid. To me the Halo series has produced plenty of competitive maps that are better designs than Midship so I don't totally get the hype for it.
Not attempting to be a dick but: Steamrolling is referring to snowballing. One team dominating the other with low opportunities for a comeback Fast paced and hectic means just means the pace is fast, teams or more evenly matched and there is a lot of back and forth between the two teams
Tldr; You can have fun on an unbalanced map Fun doesn't make the map fair
Sith get sick double sided lightsabers and capes. So if guess I'm a sith now
Spend money or your time you're still paying one way or the other. Before loot boxes became a thing I was against Gameplay unlocks effecting multiplayer and I still am. It ruins the fairness a purity of the match. Even without paying for it the game is still giving select players an advantage over others.
I was hoping to be more of a Count Duku type preferably pre-decapitation Shit...... Maybe I'll get a sick robo-penis
Ooh the shinigami point is a really good point. The only thing about that though is that it's purely dependent on where Ryuk decides that he wants to hang out the day a federal judge/detective decides to pick up the book. Ryuk could just be not in the room. Light could tell him the location of some Orchard and Ryuk would be out of the way for a while. Ryuk could not listen though and execute Light if Light gets caught so he won't have to stay around Light while he rots in prison or something, so Ryuk is definitely a wildcard here. Looking at all the names written in a book however I believe wouldn't be enough in a US court of law. It would most like end up being a OJ Simpson like situation, where everyone knows Light did it, but Light can't be charged. Without testing the notebook or seeing Ryuk, it's just names written in a Notebook, and without proof of the supernatural it would be the equivalent of seeing a hit list which you can be arrested for but not for murder
I could tell you without even looking at any data that that answer is gonna be Halo 3 lol
Summer college and work is hard and i have like zero time to forge. I have like 3 or 4 more community maps that i want to set up my Roaming King gametype on but I haven't had the time :(
I petition for a daily rant thread ..... Problem solved
Oh that's fantastic! I'm from America and the only recorded lectures we've had (that I've had) has been in online courses. That's really good to see other countries are ahead of the curve
That's fantastic. More teachers should be like you
Oh my mistake that makes sense. I see what you mean
I could see that getting a little dicey. When non-employees get handed power like this to work with developers developers need to be very very careful of who they choose and how vocal they are about it. For instance, when the Cartographers were a thing, there were a few of them that were pretty ill suited to pick community levels. There were a few great members as well but the thing often was that the members of the Halo community that were best fit to choose community content at the time for matchmaking weren't interested in doing cartographer work because they were making their own content. I think better results would be found by 343 hiring talented community members to actually work on the game. They've already done so with some members of the forge community so I'm excited to see what becomes of it for the next halo game.
The original cartographers I believe were chosen purely off popularity so, I believe that they actually probably would have been voted even if they weren't good. Personally I'd prefer higher qualified members than those that are just popular
Lol yes
What if it's awesome? Like they roll out with Invasion 2.0, campaign, superforge, playable elites, a better art style, and whatever else.
I admire the optimism. I have a friend who works for the company as a level designer so I'd like to see what becomes of his work. I'm pretty sure I could tell if he made it just by looking at it. Very few games have truly got me hyped as of late, so I'm just hoping that any game at E3 will actually impress me. I'd like that game to be Halo but really I'm open to anyone. Off the top my head I'm mostly interested in Witchfire will do right now, they had some early promo material and I'm interested in that world. Mechanically it doesn't seem too crazy, but that is the property that I could really see some unique work coming out of it
Duuuuuuuuuuude! Imagine that boss fight being a thing! You're on a platform and both heads starts swinging at you. Kathe shoots like dark breath or something and you could get it to hit Frampt and then Frampt would complain or something and they'd start argueing. It'd be awesome
I don't think references would make that much of a difference. It's purely execution that really matters. I'd personally like them more if they dropped this Promethean/Forerunner focused direction
Well they have this fantastic new faction called the Banished that have a lot of potential for new enemy designs in the future halo FPS titles. They'd be a start. They could also introduce more neutral hostile wildlife to make certain battles on alien world's more dynamic. I do think it's possible for the Forerunners to be a focus and for it to be awesome, but as far as I'm concerned they are doing it all wrong
Specifically melee counters to cancel melee damage, and projectile parrys would get all the moneys from me Edit: I'd avoid long winded animations though in halo. With things like kneeing the visor they'd just be glorified assassination animations. I'd also avoid disarming other players as a possibility, while i am cool with the idea of players being able to drop their own weapons for any reason, other players taking your weapons is a different story. It would be super obnoxious for players to get their means of defending themselves taking away from them and I could definitely see that being a huge trolling problem with a lot of players
True. They can keep familiar enemies for players, while also using the Banished's new assets and vehicles to make new enemies, vehicles and AI behaviors that we haven't seen in Halo before. They are the perfect way for 343 to still have the low risk while still giving the opportunity for 343 do be completely original in halo sandbox
The number 1 rule I'd say off the top of my head would be no game altering microtranscactions period. In any way. Regardless of how random it is. We can still have all sorts of creative and unique weapons without giving certain players an advantage over others. I think the best way to handle a Warzone 2.0 would be moreso to mimic invasion and battlefield type modes, large asymmetric maps with asymmetric attack and defend objectives. Banished vs the UNSC where players can play as units of either army. Playable elites, Brutes, and hunters etc.... On the human side, playable Spartans, odsts etc... Then have other units as AI that belong to either faction for the battle. This would be far more engaging and successful than the current Warzone model and it's definitely feasible.
If it were official they would never resist the urge to put the word Halo in the title
I didn't say anything about totally removing micros from the game as a whole. I'm actually mostly okay with them as long as they: A. Don't effect gameplay B. Are Unlockable though gameplay C. Aren't random Halo 6 could do all of this and still be very profitable
I'm also not a fan of players accruing gameplay altering items for multiplayer either. I prefer every match to be a clean slate that is completely fair. So even if they don't spend money, I'm still not a fan.
Prey is one of my favorite games ever made, but this is something I definitely agree with. I understand the intention though, with Prey they didn't want you fighting these enemies head on as easily, so in a head on fight the easiest way they could be delt with it is making enemies blasts do large AOE's and have projectile magnetism (essentially they lock on to you and move really fast). Sidenote: I'd actually argue that prey shouldn't have has security weapons at all, if they were trying to really nail this home. Even at top speed stats, the Phantom's laser balls are unstrafeable, requiring the player to run away without looking at the projectiles to dodge them. Most enemies in the game have these types of homing attacks, even the Nightmare. The only way to fight these enemies head on, isn't the most satisfying way of handling it. You have to use cheap abilities like the slow down time mechanic or Typhon abilities like the kinetic blast to fight them head on, which essentially feels like your cheesing them, which is hardly a brawl. However a really fun way of creating an agressive playstyle for yourself I've found is investing heavily in the dash ability, max speed, max health, and specializing in security weapons and any psi recovery buffs you can get. This way you can use the dash a lot in fights to dodge those projectiles. Then invest a lot in the pistol and shotgun. It can get fun but at the same time it's no Doom. Seriously though, if Arkane and ID software teamed up to make an immersive sim action FPS, I'd lose my shit.
Lol yes. Seeker looks like they took a clay model and hit it with a baseball bat across the visor
Easily the MK 4 armor from Halo Wars 1 and 2. Probably one of the best armor designs I've seen, ever, in games and movies. That armor looks like it should be heading a franchise. Honestly it looks like a newer version of the mk 5 and 6 armor if I were Bungie/343 I would have made that armor the new Spartan 4 armor and rolled Master Chief out with it in Halo 4. It was such a great design
Superforge: Full terrain editing and brushing Scripting where you can declare your own variables. Texture scaling Menus where you can type in the number rather than scrolling for an hour Individual player scripting label via gamertag and player count (player 1, 2 , 3 , 4, blue team etc) Game type options that allow you to tune weapon functionality both with on spawn weapons and weapons placed (things like fire rate, projectile speed, ammo count, clip size, damage per shot, bullet magnetism, Ability to create your own gametypes (a la minigame) at launch.
That and it's hitscan. You don't have to lead your shots and thats the main reason why it's so easy now
It's because it's hitscan. You don't have to lead your shots and thats the main reason why it's so easy now
Emu mission! Sign me up!
Should've made the free space sprint is in the game
The point wasn't that Arkane didn't intend for people to use guns. They clearly did that's what they are there. My point was that players are supposed to be incentivized to use them stealthfully because in a head on fight the enemies attacks are undodgeable unless you are sprinting away not looking at the projectile or doing the slow down ability (that is kinda cheap). The point was that they are clearly trying to emphasize stealthy gameplay with creative takedowns, but the guns make the player feel like they should "Leeroy Jenkins" into the fight. It creates a disonnance of focus for the game. I believe the game would be significantly better if there were no security weapons available because it eliminates even the possibility of rushing them up front and makes the player have to think more in the context of stealth
That'd also be great, but I was choosing the more simpler solution. I would love that also though. Of I'd Software and Arkane teamed up to make a game Id lose my shit.
I don't necessarily agree with that. See Halo Reach's invasion mode for asymmetric multiplayer done well. It's very possible, but it's also very hard.
True. I'm Xbox though. Planning on building a new PC at some point here
Dafuq is this! Halo actually looks good now! Am I in a parallel universe right now?
Excess magnetism hurts
I didn't know I wanted this. 343 make it happen
Lol what if the Galaxy is great and chief and these Marines become Rhino farmers on the new Halo ring
I'm just waiting for the memes where people Photoshop the seeker helmet over this one
I can't see the difference Other than the right one looks more pixelated and rasterized
Lmao yes
Ancient orbital staircase* Don't be silly. Ancient humans didn't know how to make elevators
I actually like the lighter shade. It's much more in tone with the classic CE armor color than any other armor sense. The darker ones seem a bit too dark chocolate looking for my tastes
Hahahahaha good one Sidenote though, I like how they actually did keep some aspects of the H4 helmet and added them to the new design. It's what the h4 helmet should've been
But this time chief puts on his seat belt
Halo Infinite I'm from the future
I'm sure a sniper bullet wouldn't take too long to get there
Ah but you forget the trailer where he had it knocked off and has to put it back on
Double kill! Triple kill! Extermination!
While true they really need some single eye targeting screens like in CE and Halo Reach. Those were so fricking cool
Obvious troll is obvious
That's robotist. How do you know if they have no souls? Clearly my toaster is prime material for having a righteous soul
Oh lol I was joking. I totally agree with you, it'd be a great explanation.
Hey the force awakens was still better than Phantom Menace
I liked the lore and the world. I hated the actual story
Why not both?
It auto did that. I'll see if I can fix it
I like the idea that Samuel Hayden is actually pretty fast. Maybe even as fast as you. He could have blue laser energy shields though for temporary shields though
Why not both?
Honestly to me the worst part of the H4 and H5's armor was the stupid hexagons in the visor. God I hated those so much. I always saw a visor the same way I'd see a motorcycle helmet or a pair of glasses. Clean glass so you can see through it. The hexagons are like as of they didn't want chief to be able to see at all. Even with the lore tech excuse of them, it still just looks dumb
Lol ideally no, they could easily crank up the BMS like Doom did so that it would be even faster than H5. Halo CE and 2 were actually both faster than H5. H3 just had a shitty BMS Edit: shitty FOV* not BMS
Snake was in smash and even had guns. All they'd really have to do is not have blood and gore. Regardless I doubt they would do it because of the stigma around Doom with violence
While I would too, I have a lot of gripes with Quake champions that I could see a Doom multiplayer solving if done right. I'm personally not a fan of the whole hero shooter/arena shooter hybrid they are going for. I think it totally misses the point of the arena aspect of equal footing.
I honestly didn't like the whole suit upgrading and getting double jump late in the game. I think they should ditch those types of upgrades and focus more on satisfying action. Give the player's these options at the start and crank up the difficulty and complexity via item pickups and enemy placement/usage instead
With this type of team I think it's actually best that they were with smaller scope locations. You know the whole saying "less is more". A lot of times even when companies have huge budgets and tons of personnel they still end up making a big world with nothing in it. I'm personally not too worried
I think business wise you are absolutely right. It's not a good idea to compete with yourself. However at the same time I also want to think of what I want as a consumer and that'd be an authentic arena shooter with even starts
That model better have functional flamethrowers built into them hands or I'm disappointed
I personally felt that Rage on was just... Okay, so with Rage 2, I wasn't terribly interested. However from E3 there were a few things I found impressive. The boomerang weapon looks like it could be pretty interesting, along with some of the abilities. A little too much "cover shooter" for my tastes though.
Nah I just got some high Flameboi standards *...... This statue is awesome*
That and honestly it's less marketable. it'd be like saying Infinity War: avengers
While I disagree, there is certainly a happy medium for Halo that would be less fast than Doom
Same. The one by my parents house still has it as well
I'm actually not much of a fan of thruster packs due to how restricting they can be. There are just too many downsides. Since the magnetism weapons have, grenade radaii, and explosive weapons radaii are far too forgiving and or large, it makes the player a sitting duck when the thruster is in cooldown (which is A LOT of the time). It means in a fight against multiple attackers the more skillful player will have their outplay potential nerfed significantly The good parts of trust are mainly the potential for movement tech, but at the same time it's too punishing for non thrusting players To me to solve this a better replacement would be to tie stabilize to the jump button rather than zoom and when in use players should have very generous and quick midair control. This would give all the benefits of thrust without the escapability problems and would remove the "sitting duck" dilemma.
https://i.imgur.com/zExeAXR.png Yeah there was this one which is awesome. They use a model of the H2A armor
Yes exactly. I think they need to avoid those quick jolts of speed so they won't need so much agressive assistance strategies for the player's aim
I like it all except the visor. If you can give it an orangish yellow tint like in the trailer that'd be awesome
Looks like Halo. I dig
Oh I figured it out. In campaign it has the cans but in Multiplayer it does not
Campaign was actually outsourced to Saber Interactive I believe.
While true the reload is a fraction of the time so it's not as big of a crucifiable offense. in a gunfight the cooldown is such a long period of time that using using it is the determining factor in every fight, unlike reloading which can be done throughout a gun battle.
I don't want it removed. Just recolored
I don't know if that is a feat possible to accomplish by man Edit: http://68.media.tumblr.com/ff9e57d9d9fc336a40a3f15ba2d823c1/tumblr_okeasdAMMz1ts1ilyo1_1280.png I stand corrected
Or of they are really awesome they'll declare this new suit as an upgrade. Which would be much appreciated by fans
Oh yeah. I totally agree. That makes a lot of sense. No idea why the guy did it the other way. Maybe it's a "my artwork" first kinda thing
Is using your intelligence cheating? I don't understand
^ this guy is correct
Ouch. Ya got me there. H5 magnetism is really dependent on which weapon you are using a half of the weapons lock on, which is technically different than magnetism but kind of the same. You have to admit the sniper just absolutely rips heads off compared to previous iterations though
It seems like in halo 5 that you can only really dodge with thrust, without thrust you are pretty f**cked
Do you have an h5 all weapons clip for comparison?
That actually sounds really sick. I'm a big fan with en media res storytelling in games because it's gives them a lot of opportunities to sell mystery and use environmental storytelling. A lot of show rather than telling.
Easily the most frustrating thing about halo 5 for me right now is the frickin scripting menus in forge. Having to scroll through numbers for two minutes just to get to the number 244 is just absolutely rediculous. JUST LET ME TYPE IN THE NUMBERS!!!
It does, but it's nowhere near enough especially when you have to put large numbers into multiple scripts. I have projects that should take me about 30 minutes instead take about 2 and a half hours because of it
I'd actually disagree with that kind of. I still don't think Dual wielding should be a thing as it previously was implemented, but not because it was causing balance issues. It very well could have been balanced, even though Bungie messed up. I think they just badly tuned values of the weapons when they weren't dual wielded vs when they were dual wielded. When dual wielded the damage values for those weapons could've been whatever Bungie wanted. The same goes for when they were singular. The actual bad thing about dual wielding was that it broke synergy and complicated the control scheme. It was clunky. It required two reload buttons and a second fire button. Because of this dual wielding ends up getting in the way of two of the player's other important abilities. Throwing a grenade forces players to drop the second weapon. The same occurs when switching a weapon. What results is frustrating micromanagement with having to go back to pick up your second weapon, or moments where the player freezes and decides to keep holding both weapons out of fear of having to deal with that management often resulting in their death.
I agree with most of this except the no throwing nades part. I see that as just an arbitrary restriction that'd make the duel wielded guns less appealing. They could just add an animation of the left gun magnetizing to the right one as you throw with the left hand and then grabbing it again
That'd be awesome
Can't unsee
On another note, I'm curious on how Locke's helmet would look with an orangish yellow visor
It's a literary term that means " in the middle of things" Essentially starting the story with implied previous events. CE also does this implying that humanity has been at war with the Covenant for a while, and a spartan program already exists to combat it.
Then yeah pretty much
"Inny" bwahahahahahahaha
I think it'd be fine for them to just call it an upgrade to his previous suit honestly. Like chief actually starts the game with the new one on and someone makes a comment about his new suit upgrade
It's not so much scrolling down to a new line but rather changing individual number values. But yeah it can get very shitty
I think that is a really unique idea Just not in Halo
I think the time jump helps them though. They can essentially have a lot of the undesirable storyline threads play out as backstory and just have where we are be the aftermath and kind of do what they want
While it's a fun explanation, I think at it's core Cortana being a villain is just a bad concept. With any reason they give, the idea itself was just bad
Credits yes. Challenges mostly yes. Random lotteries of points given after a match. No Challenges that guide player behavior in multiplayer, like getting X headshots or whatever. No Rediculously high prices for items. No
If I could have a mix between Doom 3 and Doom 2016, that'd be the best IMO I like Doom 3's UAC better, while I like Doom 2016's Hell way better. In Doom 2016 I found myself contstantly wanting to get back to hell and explore it more. It was just way cooler and had far more interesting level design
I had actually written my own way a while back on how to deal with this problem and make it work. It doesn't solve breaking the point of Halo 4 l, but it's something. https://www.reddit.com/r/halo/comments/838iq6/food_for_thought_i_feel_there_is_a_really_big
It doesn't solve the Cortana revival but it's the best I could come up with
Would they change based off if it's aiming at a friendly or foe? Like: light blue: neutral Red: foe Green: friendly
I'd describe it as okay. I think throwing a number out there will just cause unnecessary arguments over arbitrary scales which everyone has a different view of. There are some objective problems with the game, like poor aiming design, weapon balance hitches in the power weapon category and over prevelence of identical weapons. However forge and custom games are pretty impressive, and that to me is where halo 5 excels at. There are some custom maps that actually look better than the developer maps and the new scripting has allowed the potential for tons of fantastic community gamemodes to surface. That and I can appreciate that for the most part the guns in halo 5 actually shoot straight in comparison to a lot of modern shooters that create a ton of random variables to throw your shots off (things like spread, recoil, and flinch). I don't think it's as high of quality game as say Doom 2016, Prey, Quake Champions, Titanfall 1 and 2 or even Battlefield 1, but to me it's over games like Destiny 1 and 2, Call of Duty Infinite Warfare/WW2, and PubG
It's definitely an interesting idea. It may be feasible to make a new design with an ammo counter though
It's fair. Doom 3's hell is much less stylized and focuses much more on horror and realism IMO I don't really go to Doom for horror, i tend to go to Doom for fun action, so it really appealed to me, but I totally understand the other side of this
That seems a little scary though. It could potentially get dangerous where a player may repeatedly play in a single session to an unhealthy amount and lead to boosting accounts. There would have to be a cap for it Unless you are referring to mid match quitters. Then that's a different story
So that means we should take off the shell. Make it black again and we should be good
Eh. How about, H2A version of the armor, but he gets the cape from escalation? We have a deal?
Don't think that's enough honestly. I think the shell is the biggest reason why it doesn't look so good from a first person view
That's something I mostly agree with. I think the perfect halo human weapon when it comes to aesthetic design was the Assault rifle. I like the idea of the tech having tools that is supposed to assist the soldier, while not just aiming the gun for them (looking at you Hydra). I do think a lot of them could see improvements like this on the weapons themselves, rather than being part of the UI. I personally don't like excessive UI tools like H5 smart scope. It's a bit too advanced and I think the idea should be that these weapons were designed for Marines first, not spartans. And Marines don't have visors
I dunno what to tell you. Personally I felt the H5 one was hideous other than the legs. The legs were decent. Looks though if he ever tripped that his armor could cut himself. it's so sharp
Favorite is tough It'd have to be either Kadinger Sanctum or Titans Realm. Argent Tower is definitely up there though. Least Favorite would have to either be Argent D'Nur or Argent Facility.
Oh absolutely. They should really look at halo 5's forge and Farcry 5's editor for reference. I've been using halo 5 but if Doom had a solid editor like that I'd drop h5 in an instant and work on Doom
If the hyrda didn't require you to zoom to use it and instead of locking on it had a laser sight and you could guide the rockets, I'd be all for the Hydra, but I hate the stop and go gameplay the Hydra causes by forcing zoom in to even use it decently. There are some fun tricks like air striking people with it or getting it to curve around stuff but I feel much more could be done if it fired off normally and instead when you used zoom, you wouldn't zoom at all and the laser targeter turned on. It'd be far more skillful and engaging
I'm normally cool with absurdity too. It's just that every game is doing that and I've just gotten tired of it.
Not really. Sure fire rate may need to be lowered but that'd be about it.
I'd pay 1/3 what this guy would
I like the brighter visor as well. It's much closer to Halo CE's visor color which to me was better than the darker orange that H2 had Edit: if you notice they actually reversed the indentation of the grooves in his visor in the infinite version
I believe it was specifically to stop the flood from spreading and if they waited they'd all die.
ODST IMO. Gives you more reasons to cooperate
I figure they could just have chief and then each of the coop players would be another member of blue team with updated suits to match the art style. Pretty much like how Halo 3 did it but with blue team instead of elites
That'd actually be really cool too. Coop soliders being your own Spartan. I dig
That actually gives us a better opportunity. These Prometheans are essentially like AI individuals, meaning that they could be "uploaded" into Sentinels that could be custom made for battle
While true my point is that I believe the sentinels have more pontential to be iterated on than the Prometheans do, especially with the Enforcers
That would be incredibly disappointing. With the time jump between games, I could see it being feasible for Atriox to pack up at the Arc and join the fray
Why not both? Someone could be a lvl 150 Inheritor while you could be a lvl 30 Major
One of them spawns in the room below the blue key and another spawn up the staircase from the room with the lava that goes across the floor
Oh cool. He ambushed me during the gore nest fight down there and that makes more sense to shields how he got here
I think the timing support is fine, it's the marker on your map that I believe is the problem. It can become a big problem if you have a large variety of weapons on a map with too much clutter and I believe it can cause some flow issues
It's all about controlling the flow of where players can go and rerouting it into areas that you want to create encounters. A basic way to do this is to create atriums and have paths that route out of the atrium reroute back into the atrium at a different location. This forces encounters in that atrium. If you are creating a flow diagram of this with arrows pointing to where players will move it'd almost look like your making a hot wheels track with an intersection where the cars collide. A lot of these techniques are learned with experience and there are many ways of accomplishing the same feat of encouraging encounters without even having players in the same room with solid sightline control. It's like your main job as a level designer in a competitive FPS to force encounters otherwise pace screaches to a halt
Do I smell a Rabbit themed boss fight?
Actually map design can encourage player cycling. I'd highly recommend checking out MultiLockOn's map design series How to design a Halo map. Episode 4 goes over a method to do exactly that showing how to fix Prisoner If you have a single position that players can camp the entire game that's just a weak design. Items definitely help, but if your design depends on them, that's just lazy design imo (there are some exceptions to this though).
All I'll say is that I'd recommend playing the map Oblivion. We actually have typically played it a lot pistols only, and players cycle on that map constantly. It's something you just have to get experience to understand, I don't want to write a full book arguing about it. Edit: I don't disagree that weapons can encourage player cycling and movement. I'm just saying they shouldn't always be relied on and they aren't necessary for player movement
Lol those customs are more competitive than default Halo 5
Um mindset? Are you meaning like how competitive players feel like how default is used for tournaments, so things like tournament pressure and stakes?. If so sure, kinda although there was the forgehub 2v2 competitive tournament a while back that had a lot of these maps that had some pretty fierce competition. Regardless, mindset doesn't really matter to me because that varies between players, it's just which maps allow for the widest possible skill gap that are what I consider quality.
It's a difficult one for me, on one hand the cutscenes look significantly better when they are prerendered and I appreciate the work that went into making them look so good, but at the same time they are a huge immersion breaker. You cut from one way the world looks then all of a sudden your transported to a different universe where everything looks different. My favorite is probably how Half Life 2 handles it, where everything is in game and there aren't even any cutscenes. But I can still appreciate a good cutscsene depending on the game.
I really want this now. Like some Easter egg where if you get through parts of the game fast enough you can see a demon lighting all the candles. It'd be awesome
A personal one of mine would be 1v1 and 2v2 dedicated multiplayer matchmaking Smaller more focused maps. Even starts where players spawn with regular shotguns and pickups and powerups are on map. And no demon pickups pls. With that they wouldn't be able to stop me from playing Doom Eternal That with Deathmatch, Warpath and Freezetag would be awesome.
I heard they are trying to shut down the pub in Kadinger as well. We're gonna have to go somewhere else to get our blood cocktails. Who in the hell do they think they are?!
Mick Gordon just plays some upbeat pop music in the background while you have to outstrafe what is essentially the equivalent of The Killer Rabbit of Caerbannog from Monty Python
Hopefully yes. I could see an attempt at a new design though. Like with the new version I don't mind the new color, which looks goldish. I just hate that shapes of it and the excessive amount of pointy bits. I couldn't imagine walking around in that without cutting myself.
Lol I understand that. The locking the player in the room was messed up especially for repeat viewings however just having characters speak in gameplay is what I liked.
Elaborate? Do you mean we would have humans who advocate for demon rights?
Same here man my workout playlist has a bunch of them. When I do sprints I always play Rip and Tear. Other ones I listen to are: Mastermind BFG Division Skullhacker Harbinger At Dooms Gate Damnation and Transistor fist I love the intro to Vega Core but it's hard for me to get into a rhythm with the rest of the song
No. Definitely weaker
Lol really?. I thought I was creative
Coliseum is decent for 2 flag but i believe the bases are pretty flawed. Haven is a decent casual map but it's kinda boring if I'm gonna be honest. There's a reason they aren't really using it for tournaments. Any Designer could build a donut map. Haven isn't any more special than Zealot in Halo Reach. At least Zealot experimented with gravity zones. Honestly I'd prefer them to create completely new maps and leave remakes for forgers.
For all play IMO I hate when I try to play casually and I just get sprayed down despite perfect accuracy on my part.
You say it's a contradiction but I'd argue the AR's ease of use was one of its most important utilities. It is incredibly important so that new players can get into the game while at the same time not acting as a crutch. If you make them both equally as hard to use then it alienates those players who just get wrecked with now zero chance against experienced pistol users. It gives them a chance while not also being abused by mid tier players to make skilled play a spray and pray game. That's why in skilled play I feel the AR's biggest advantage is in ambush strats and cleaning up kills. A skilled AR user has the advantage that the pistol is harder to use, meaning that outstrafing the pistol user is easier. If we were designing for only one skill level I'd agree with you, but I think it's more important to design so that a game can be easy to get into and hard to master
I'd be okay with players spawning with that instead then, however the SMG's ttk is still way too good. Just spraying with bodyshots is faster than getting a perfect kill with the pistol at it's fastest firerate. That is a huge problem. With that argument the current AR is way too close to the sentinel beam. A precision weapon that you hold the trigger for damage. And the sentinel beam does that role better
Hmmm... Maybe, I like the idea though that he just got away for good
I think you are projecting a bit too much with that. There are definitely ways to innovate on classic halo without getting stale and repetitive. In the trailer alone we already saw the potential for Halo to delve a lot more into wildlife and potentially ancient humans with the Halo they chose for the setting. They don't have to have a world destroying plot, as they did with halo 4 with Didact killing all humans with the composer or with Prometheans wanting Galaxy wide domination. They could go with some more subtlety and tell a smaller story in a higher world. What if we were defending the ring rather than destroying it? What of the banished got involved and we see their conflict with the Covenant? There are plenty of innovative NEW stories that could be told while still maintaining a more tasteful art style, and more exhilarating and synergetic classic combat mechanics. If anything it's the best thing I've seen from 343 other than hunt the truth when it comes to content. That's not to say that they won't F it up though and make even more rediculous Spartan abilities or something, but what they've shown is a good change
If you were trying to help your case I would have probably argued for Plaza or Eden. Which were definitely okay maps
As do I. I'd especially like if we were defending the ring imo
Yeah it's important to make weapons that various players can use effectively. It's also important thought that the weapons with the highest risks should yield the highest rewards. Lower risks lower rewards. The main risks with the AR should be that you have to get in close for it to be effective. It's why I don't like either halo 5 version of the AR. Giving it too much range gets rid of this niche and because it's a weapon with a lot of spread, it's TTK can't be better than a precision weapon's optimal kill time because it's risk is that you have to be super accurate with it, so it needs the higher ttk reward. The H2A AR and even the H4 AR were mostly fine with this. But I'd argue the CE AR was really close too.
Ooh. Now I'm conflicted
What does gold even do?
The pro pipe is the best pipe. It fills the same roll as the sticky det but does it better it takes more skill to use and it has utility as an anti vehicle weapon. One of halo's best weapon designs IMO Edit: from halo reach. Not from halo 5
The sticky det immediately sticks to whatever it's shot at. It doesn't bounce. With the pro-pipe players have to track where it bounces too, the Arc of the shot before and after the bounce, the physics of the grenade once it starts rolling etc.. there are far more variables involved in using it than the sticky det. The sticky det only requires the player to understand the Arc of the shot, and it requires the same timing skills as the pro-pipe. Theres just less depth with the weapon. Along with that the sticky det can be exploited by sticking teammates and having them run at enemies. Now I'm not opposed to having both in the same game but the pro-pipe is easily the more challenging weapon to use
Oh I'm definitely not talking about the H5 one. They F'd it up in h5 bumping up the explosive radius's and giving the projectile rediculous magnetism. I'm specifically referring to the one from halo reach
You can actually also do it using just the Xbox app and halo 5 on xbox. It's how I got my logo for my Roaming King gametype
So did the Spartan purposely put the needles in his should to stab people or were they shot with needles in the shoulder and they got stuck there?
That's pretty cool. I dig the shoulders, and legs of the armor quite a bit. Looks bulky like a tank, but thin enough to not get in the way of movement
Lol. Now they use BCE btw
Ah but what if two players fired needles at you? If neither of them fired 7 individually they wouldn't explode right? It should but idk
It's most likely because 343 wants to make apparent that the interior of the ring houses landmass, by making it wider it gives them more room to place mountains and ocean and stuff. I like both personally. The skinnier ones gave a much bigger sense of scale while being more subtle while the new one looks smaller but you make out specific features.
In the grand scheme of the gaming industry, it's very good. For a Dark Souls game, it's lower tier in quality IMO. It brought a bunch of things to the table that were really cool that got abandoned in DS3 but it also had a ton of technical issues, check out "In Defense of Dark Souls 2" by Mauler on YouTube and you'll see what I mean. Great lore, interesting world, solid PvP, but on the other hand it has shoddy hitboxes, weakly designed 8 directional snap points for movement, excessive gravity damage that wouldn't even kill a person in real life etc... It's still a worthwhile game, I'll just recommend you immediately focus on levelling the adaptability stat
It's just an opinion validation thing. People just dislike and move on because they don't have a strong opposing argument
I'd actually argue that financially this would be a fantastic idea that wouldn't be too badly received. However it is incredibly hard to get that approved in an existing franchise. People have a way they expect that franchise to work and it's very hard to get them to change their minds. Free to play multipjayer would actually be a great way to advertise your campaign. They could even creat campaign dlc's
Omfg LMFAO
You're probably not going to see any new halo 5 dev maps. However there are a lot of great community maps that have been made. If we're lucky we could see some solid bew playlists with forge maps
Um. Do machine guns place bullets lined up end to end like that? I always assumed it was more like an internal belt fed type thing or something
I actually don't want such contrasting color IMO. There can be variation but I see no combat advantage in being bright fricken red or light blue. It's been something that bothered me since Halo Reach. IMO red team depicts the best Spartan squad. If reach Spartans were black tan and green I would've consider them up there too The bright contrasting colors are why they are being compared to power rangers, which I feel is a fair comparison
They can show some individuality without being all colors of the rainbow. To me that's just lazy design. It shows that they believe that you aren't competitent enough to notice who is who without adding a bright color label on each of them. In Reach the actual structure of all the Spartan's armor was more than enough to distinguish them. They could have slightly different shades of color and visor colors but otherwise they would be fine. The colors are just way overdoing it and I honestly feel that it insults player's intelligence especially with team Osiris. It sacrifices the feel that this is a military squad for individuality and IMO that's not worth it
It's mostly that CE's AI is far more dynamic. They move significantly more. Elites for example have animations where they often headfake your shots, dodge roll incoming grenades, they have a dodgeable melee that carries their momentum
You probably won't be the only one cuz other people surely enjoy the game, but you'll probably be in a minority
MCC is definitely the most bang for your buck. Contains the best Halo games and a decent enough population to get games consistently
Oh lol.
Google it. You'll see thousands of responses. Tldr; it's because you can't move at your fastest speed and shoot at the same time in any direction. Combined with long ttks it causes maps to be overscaled (compare a Spartan to a door in halo 5, you'll notice that Spartans look like toddlers). Along with this you get the cat and mouse effect.
A lot of people would agree with you. For me after halo 3, halo 4 was a slap in the face. It's production value was mostly well but it felt like a downgrade in every way. Multiplayer was awful, gameplay was awful, enemy AI was just a slog to fight. The Prometheans are just a terrible concept and design. It had some good music, and Cortana's rampancy was done well with good dialogue, but that's really all I can give it credit for. Everything else was worse than halo 3 and Reach. With halo 5, while the story is bad and the multiplayer is just.... Okay. it wasn't really too offensive to me. Yes, It's maps are worse than halo 4's but at least Some locations in the campaign were cool. Forge was a huge upgrade. I have the ability to make the game kinda play like I want (discluding the weak weapon design). It's still not something I consider great or love or anything but to me I enjoy it more
Slam and charge make more sense for a 3rd person game. Or a more battlefield style game with large open spaces so they can be punished. If it weren't halo, I'd be indifferent. I like the quick horizontal dash thrust provides but I don't like the execution. It's because I hate the cooldown period and how the weapons work in the game. You can't dodge a lot of shots without thrust so you just end up being a sitting duck when the cooldown does down. There are other ways I think they could fix it I believe. You didn't mention stabilize but its actually the best Spartan ability IMO, they just need to tie it to the jump button when you are in the air rather than zoom
Is their an art references to what the SPI armor looked like before? Or is it just mentioned every once and a while?
In this picture. Chief on the left. I prefer H2A Chief to both though
I mean. OG doomguy wore a grey helmet and a green T-Shirt that exposed his abs. I won't deny that there was inspiration, but I wouldn't call it a rip off
That's one of those things that I take the games as canon on over the books. if these suits were fully atonomous why even have a person in the suit at all? They have AI that are more than competitent at handling controlling a suit like that and it would save many human lives It's just another reason why I prefer how Halo CE - Reach portray it as. As just armor. It makes more sense and it has the plus of looking better (not saying you can't make a mech suit look good. Iron Man for the most part looks great) Edit: down votes. What a deep and thoughtful response
I know. Throwing H2A Chief next to H5 Chief looks like a "meth. not even once" ad
Point being that it's a measurable method to show "progress"
Damn that looks impressive
Probably just Recruit, Warrior and Scout. Those are the only ones I consider pretty solid designs
Why does a frickin cloud have like 1000 upvotes but this real fricken rendition has like 70?
Lol I didnt even notice that username. That's hilarious
And then getting assimilated by flood and/or dying via arc firing all Halo's
They should absolutely have an FOV slider. Just set a good default than have the slider on both console and PC
Lmfao
Who's Osman? It'd definitely be cool to see Hood again, but I don't remember Osman
Oh that's right. Wasn't she in Hunt the Truth? Regardless I'd love to see more games with Oni in them, even if it's a telltale like experience.
It can, but they'd probably have to get rid of grenades to make the controls feasible enough without people fumbling with the controls
I'd argue that has absolutely nothing to do with e-sports and it has to do moreso with 343's map design process used for Halo 5. If you watch the sprint you can actually see it first hand. They did not allow their art team and their level design team to interact. They weren't even in the same area of the building. Their process was to have the level design team make a blank mass-out then send it over to the art team to art it up. Problem with that though is that if you don't let art influence your level design, you typically make the most boring maps imaginable. I've seen it happen with the forge community and happens with professionals too. That's why every map looks like a mass-out with a theme painted on top of it rather than the theme influencing the map geometry. I'd also argue that the maps aren't really that greatly balanced either. Something tells me they had pretty strict deadlines and had to just get maps out the door. I know that now they've changed this process up for the next Halo game, so we should be seeing some more creative maps now that their art team works directly with the level designers. Tldr; change the process. Change the result.
There are a few excellent maps the community has made that could spice things up. I know 4 off the top of my head that are better than every btb map in matchmaking.
It's cuz in h5 the H2 BR is OP
Awesome thanks. This worked for me
Lol I've never even put it sideways
Either H2A or the Halo Reach concept art version, for aesthetic. For functionality, the H3 BR on LAN felt the most fun to use and to fight against. I definitely prefer projectile shots to hitscan almost every time.
Sprung wings and fly
Eh I prefer Google personally. The Pixel 2 XL is the best phone I've ever had. The Galaxy is neat but I prefer the unlimited free photo storage that comes with Google photos.
Student loans
Eh halo has teleporters. I can see there being a Portal from the Ark to various Halo Rings. It literally built them, I see no reason why they wouldn't try that.
Not saying it is impossible, but improving the Prometheans is going to take a major overhaul. In many cases a straight up redesign of each of the enemy type. Ideally they could make the excuse that Cortana modified the army and they could use more sentinels and sentinel type enemies in the future instead.
I was thinking of it as a one way. Like from the arc to the ring but not back. Idk. If there is a portal from earth to the ark I'm sure they could probably make more
I'd reverse story and multiplayer here. CE multiplayer, story Halo 2. But the rest is solid
Best saxophones
Lol he might have been asking if Chief just became an ODST when he just used a drop pod to get down to Delta Halo in Halo 2, but in a troll way
That makes me really wanna play halo 3 now. Damn... That was slick
While true, there may be a way of circumventing that problem. Possibly by having set server rotations. Say that no matter what the server plays these matches in order: Valhalla, Sandtrap, Avalanche, Sandbox Then it cycles back through. Then once player join Server Circuit A or whatever, they will always get a new map every time. They'd play Valhalla, then the next match cue'd up would be Sandtrap for you. It wouldn't be perfect, say you get matched to adifferent server after your previous match, but if this isn't common then I'd see it as a good solution (I'm sure this may be a bit ignorant of server architecture, but it'd be my best guess on how to solve the problem)
Pastafarianism
I forgot to bring my apple to work so now I'm still hungry!
I think it'd be pretty sick. I'd prob go the Reach way but make them even more diverse than Spartans. Give them different abilities and health models etc... Only in modes of Spartan V elites and Elites V Elites specifically
They are released as different games but ODST was built on the framework of Halo 3, so some see it as a DLC
Ask her friends. . *also not a woman*
It got me for a second too there. It's the lighting that causes that illusion. It makes you think the ring is oriented differently at a glance. As if its being lit from a light source to the right, but really it's being lit from the inside
The correct answer is Laurel
Most of that comes from lack of file compression rather than just magic invisible content haha
Nice. What's cool with this one is that it does look like it could be part of it's own universe. Halo like elements but it's own thing too. Really cool
I love how you censored the first "fuck" as ducking, but then the second "fuck" was left alone. Unless it was a quote and the of post got changed from "ducking" to "fucking"
They could definitely leave that to forgers. It wouldn't take them a ton of resources and it's free development for them.
I mean forgers already have. They just need to provide a more advanced scripting system
While i agree, 343 sadly heavily depends on community indentured servitude for that lol. There are definitely some guys there that are helpful that I've worked with, but they have to get those projects approved by their management.
That'd be epic if they could pull it off. Doom showed that you could make modded levels so I'm sure it is possible. The hard part is just getting the AI to pathfind correctly.
Oh definitely not more financially successful. Name brand recognition is everything Halo has at this point. The phrase "From the Makers of Halo" was what sold Destiny 1 so well despite it's shortcomings.
At least the visor doesn't have the annoying hexagons. Like this picture is already 10 times better than the Halo 4 and 5 armor just from that alone. I still like the Halo Infinite armor better, but this was a good effort. Small note: I think the helmet is scaled down a bit too small. Compared to the hand and his side it looks like his head would have to be tiny to fit in there
It's certainly spooky but it's honestly pretty insightful. It really shows the ahem.... Brutality of those weapons. It's practically like firing mini swords at your enemy. I wouldn't remove it but just have like a "Super NSFW" warning or something
Until someone forges it. 16 player Battle Royale already exists in Halo 5 if you just do a search
I dig. Looks like a beast
In H3, Security and Rogue were my top faves for sure. Always rolled with those, katana, and then Scout or or Recon shoulders
I think the mods are honestly too squeamish and have been deleting these posts that come up. I doubt you would have even been able to see the ones that were up before since they are now gone. I thought your post was fine.
Niiiiice. Now just do the same thing on Halo 2
True. It's essentially if the mods like you or not and how aggressive you are for whether it's okay or not Personally I'm okay with a little bit of self promotion on the sight as long as it's still involving halo and can be of benefit to the Halo community as a whole. Like forgers posting their creations and blogs like these are totally fine with me. It'd be a problem if he just like posted his patreon on Reddit or something and said" I like Halo. pay me " or something.
Exactly. That's why i thinks it's cool.
Cuts video and displays the text: *"And then I turned and won the battle*
The flood mostly are interesting in CE imo where combat with flood is more about crowd control and flow. Id actually argue the Keyes mission was probably the best with them. They start learning to use weapons. They do creative things like giving the one flood no arms so it can't hit you lol. The big thing in that map is the flood are unrelenting so you are supposed to be moving constantly. If you are playing against them like you play say call of duty and stop to shoot, your gonna have a bad time. You are supposed to be in your heels and I'd argue they succeed in their goals. The flood are supposed to make you play frantically and all of their attacks are avoidable. You can gather them into crowds. Use grenades etc..... It's not the most in depth ever and I'd say they are mostly best in short bursts, but they are nowhere near as terrible as fighting the Prometheans or I'd even argue Halo 4 covenant.
Some pretty cool ideas here. I support these. I had this weird idea of like flood artillery though. Like a big flood essentially launching carrier forms like bombs towards your locations and to block off exits and things releasing mini popcorn flood in the process. It'd be pretty weird but super interesting for gameplay
That's dope. I hadn't played Halo Wars in a long time. Forgot about that. I almost imagine this as the Curse Rotted Greatwood boss fight from Dark Souls 3. It had like these seed pods that would drop behind you from above which would spawn new enemies to attack you from behind. A similar thing could be done with flood for sure.
Like from H3? Similar except fired from an enemy you have to fight
I've always found the Rockets to be very easy to anticipate and Dodge. Bullet spongeyness is nowhere to be found. Even in legendary they are all easy to kill. Even less ttk than most covenant in CE legendary. CE is actually really generous in that aspect I'll def agree about lack of variation though, and the library def repetitive and boring, allbeit with interesting ideas going for it. Such as the key room with the icon
It is technologically possible. It's just that often doing remasters take about just as much resources as making a regular new game. Personally, if I were working on Halo, I wouldn't really prefer just rehashing what others had already made. I'd much prefer to try at making new experiences for Halo, so I'd imagine that would be similar for many members of 343 or whoever they decide to outsource that development to. I'm sure there are some that would be all for making a remaster to that extent, but I just don't see that being a high morale project for the studio. As a fan, I would absolutely love a CE multiplayer remaster. But putting myself in the shoes of someone working for a studio, the last thing I would want to do is just rebuild someone else's work
Well this idea is for future halo games. So we could probably just have a stronger Gravemind to allow for these more unique enemy designs
Lol I actually think that may be non intentional. A cartographer is just someone who makes maps. Halo doesn't own that lol Now if in the achievement art we saw a warthog, I'd totally be on board with that as an actual reference
I can see it. I just feel that unless they actually show a Halo thing there that it could just be about some guy driving around the city loudly but I see your point
I don't think they'll be that integral personally. Maybe interesting story beats, but I think their importance was just a theme of the area displayed in the trailer Their importance would be lost if we just saw them absolutely everywhere
🅓🅞🅞🅜 Cool it works!
This is why Doom is my favorite subreddit
Now do it upside down with a rock band controller, looking through a mirror with no upgrades
At first I was like Nah, Nazi's is what's Wolfenstein is all about. However Mecha Stalin actually sounds like a new twist that could be super interesting
Story Synopsis "After The Nazi's decided to break their truce and invade the Soviets, the Soviets just forgave them and they joined teams again" lol
Real Doom fans don't even need any weapons. You are being too generous
Another really nasty one is you can actually grab the collar bone at the neck and dig your fingers in and that gets super scary fast. You feel like you can literally pull their collar bone out
Frenulum? Edit: googled it.......... Yeah that would be very spooky.
Sure. I'd rather do that than be worm food. That's also assuming that medical advancement wouldn't advance enough for others to join me. Which I think is a bit pessimistic on the human races' future
Create a lot of anticipation for your partner. Lay out hints over time beforehand to build anticipation for them beforehand. Communication is key to know what they are into but also to set the right tone and mood.
Completely disagree. But at least the new Infinite armor is showing promise while incorporating the interesting parts of the 343 H4 armor while still making it look like it belongs in Halo
Also the back of the head too. It includes the chip port. Did you not see the stream?
Oh well yeah, it's definitely closest to the classic armor. No doubt about that. Just cuz I said it incorporated H4 elements doesn't mean that they were extremely prominent. Off the top of my head, the most successful unique parts of the H4 armor are: The thrusters and The chip port. . Other than those I didn't see really any other actual IMPROVEMENTS from the original design in the context of the new games. The old helmet already had headlights. It had a better non over textured distracting visor. It was easier to look at and actually make out the details of what was going on with it, etc... The chip port makes a ton of sense to add because the old helmet looks like he's just patting himself on the back of the head and the chip magically goes in, so that definitely was an actual improvement. The thrusters made sense due to the mechanics of H4 and H5. I'd be okay with those not being in Infinite though if infinite does not have a thrust mechanic. (Which I'd prefer, although I'm indifferent to stabilize). So it's like a neutral improvement depending on context of mechanics.
Does that nullify my point that they were at least, incorporated?
Eh the rings are in space though. I don't think that's totally comparable. The way that Tartarus performs gravity pulls is far more grounded than the way Space Voldy does it. With Tartarus, It's a least shown as a device with particle effects selling the almost magnetic properties of the levitation while Didact almost does this by magic in comparison with movement of his hand. I think it's reasonable to be confused as a Halo player not seeing that before and it was a pretty bad choice for Halo IMO
Lol I don't consider that a good thing
For Halo 5 the top worst dev arena maps are probably Riptide and Overgrowth
CE is the epitome of Hit or Miss. It has some of the best maps in the series and then some that just don't work. Rat Race, Prisoner, Damnation, and Chill Out are some of the best maps in Halo, but then you also get maps like Hang Em High, Danger Canyon, Ice Fields, and Derelict where it's like either generic, are broken. I still appreciate CE more because it felt like they actually had the balls to try all sorts of crazy designs. Modern Halo feels way too safe with every design.
Would you rather spawn with the current BR with the Pistol on map? Because I wouldn't. Just imagine you die once and you are at a disadvantage for the rest of the game That'd really suck. Its much better to spawn powerful than to spawn weak. The other precision weapons being not as good has a net zero effect on gameplay that way. Otherwise we end up back with what we had at the start of halo 5. Spawning weak and getting stomped on by OP autos and precision weapons that are just better than yours
Lmao
He went home where he mutated into a completely different looking being somehow
Wouldn't you actually want it at the North or South Pole? To reduce the amount of spin from the turning Earth. It'd just spin rather than be pulled more drastically.
Watch out. You might get sued now for that
Ohhhh I understand now. This way the orbit would keep it up rather than it's own weight structural integrity. I was assuming that it was holding it's own weight
Just punches through the wall really
I hate randomized loot, wouldn't be my game honestly
If you don't have a 360 with the OG ODST, I'd say it's worth it. I guess it depends on what type of games you like ODST is awesome if you enjoy exploring, storytelling and good music.
I thought it was MW2 that dethroned Halo? That's what I remember my friends and I jumping between back then
For me the most memorable one is Cleveland in his bathtub falling of the second story going "no, no, no, no!"
I love the green lettering for the HUD. Wish we could change it to that real military feel in single player and multiplayer
You Vs the guy she told you not to worry about
Good point. If it still ends up being a rainbow I prob will. Still wish the default experience would be streamlined for everyone though
I agree there. Most games look better with as minimal UI as possible. It often clutters the screen and distracts from the world in front of your character.
God I love Doom hahahahaha
Oh that's super cool. I wouldn't be surprised if they have a feature to switch to classic HUD in the game
Missed opportunity to add "oot" to id there
I'd definitely agree there. My only complaint would've been the visor. The one on the right seems just right for that. Not so bright side hat it's almost glowing but still bright enough to be noticed If it's possible I'd love to see a middle ground visor between the two in how bright they are
Sadly, halo 4 didn't include a lot of custom game options that would allow to really fix and adjust halo 4's mechanics. We are unable to turn off Sprint or flinch. I believe you can still adjust jump right and gravity, but I don't think it's really possible to get a classic experience out of Halo 4.
Couldn't give you a method. I just got lucky
Luckily for Nintendo they are based out of the US where social justice isn't really the norm. They also make so much money that they wouldn't really have the need to
If anything I could see that being a power up again but having some sort of benefit for gameplay. Like maybe if you take the metal powerup you'll be able to walk and run under water instead of swimming
To be fair, they made it very clear that it wasn't OG Thor but rather Jane possessing the power of Thor so it wasn't like how DC straight up changed the race of Wally West.
Lol I didnt even know that. Hahahahahah that's awesome. Makes me like Nintendo even more.
I'd go with really good combat, like something between Halo 1 and 2 like halo 2's fast movement with halo 1 weaponry
Unless we have Spartan 5's by then. Who knows?
Wouldn't that be due to upgrades in technology? Like the Spartan 4's exist cuz they got the physical enhancements to not kill people. Maybe they find out how to get regular Joe's to get as strong as the Spartan 2's without the genetic requirements. Something like that would prob produce another generation.
NTA . Her asking if your pleased with her is just looking for feedback. By girlfriend and I check with each other regularly to make sure we like what each other is doing, and like how often etc...... everyone is gonna have boundaries but you aren't a dick for bringing up what you would like to try
Reach doesn't have sliding. That's all momentum
That's awesome. I remember the vids in Halo 3 when people would do grenade sticky catch and get like 3 throws back and forth sticking grenades into a just bigger and bigger ball of death Edit: These are so awesome: https://youtu.be/YvpTcncoPH8 https://youtu.be/QcQFqv61Wns I can't find the vid though where they throw them back and forth.
That's sooo awesome
Yeah I did the puppeteer and grabbed the heart. I just got stuck in the room afterwards so I just left and thought I had killed the only one. Shame I can't kill the second then
Logic puzzles would just be like stuff for campaign for players to solve. I think halo 5 uses a few puzzles with like climbing to open a switch on Senghelios. That's just being able to come up with campaign scenarios really
People have definitely done that type of rocket jumping before. However for like multiplayer competitive and campaign speed running most people typically use the default settings so a rocket jump would kill them
Prob the best looking halo pistol ive seen. I think that profile is essential for Halo's pistol. Great job. Wish this was halo 5's pistol honestly
Easily Noble Team because at least they still acted like soldiers. I found that Osiris was too carefree in battlefield situations with no discipline. To be fair, the new suits are really OP so maybe that power goes to their heads lol
I think for me it mostly has to do with their tone. Because even people today who only been in the military for a few years get their act together and treat conflicts very seriously. Like for example ask if you yourself were in a war situation would you be "showing off", just because you weren't in the military since you were a kid? Because I'd guess no Edit: btw I agree about Mickey. he's a great character. No issues there
Both are very good games so I'd say 2016 then Eternal myself
Like a mother kissing their kid on the forehead or like a full on forced makeout?
Yeah I don't see any racism there. Guy seems to be just meme-ing Dude literally said Halo is responsible for the n-word which is nonsensical. I wouldn't take it too seriously
