How is no cable extreme? I had it as a kid but I've never paid for it as an adult. There's nothing on cable that I can't find somewhere else for cheaper that's more accessible for entertainment.
Here's an anecdote; keep in mind your company, industry, and social circle are probably very different from mine. I have never once attended an office holiday party. I get along with my coworkers just fine, but we aren't friends. I already spend more time with them *at work* than I do with my own family. I especially don't want to spend my own money (babysitter, etc) to do something I don't even want to do anyway. As far as I can tell, my career has been unaffected. I make six figures and my performance reviews have always been stellar. The trick is to work for people who actually care about your work, not your social activities. If you feel like you're being discriminated against for not being part of a clique, just go work somewhere else.
Right, I was just trying to point out that of the weird sheltering behaviors OP has shown, the lack if cable isn't one. It's perfectly normal to cut the cord.
Which was (and possibly still is) *exactly* Twitter's target audience. Think about it, you're really good at things that are targeted towards your demographic too.
Ironically, I don't think I've ever received a medical bill in what I would call a reasonable time frame. The worst are for hospital visits. If you get anesthetized, that bill will be in your mailbox months later than the others.
At my company, "sick" officially covers any time I need to take off for any medical reason for anyone in my immediate family. My kids and wife provide me with endless excuses to take a random sick day.
Not someone who's already making $100k+ though. Any and all extra money I make just gets funnelled into investments, it doesn't increase my quality of life. What I need is more time off.
No, you're right. I really don't need any more time off either. I'm sitting at home right now. No need to be a dick though.
And still does. You probably don't notice it as a local, but I moved there in my 20s and the strerotype is based on fact.
Not much different than calling someone a retard, really. Nobody thinks the person you insulted us *actually* retarded, and it wouldn't be insulting if they were.
Yes, it usually is.
I live in Vikings country and I remember defending Walsh after that game. I mean, all the Vikings points came off of his leg that game after all. But then he played for us.
And you won't even get to be a skeleton anymore after the moon is destroyed.
Or the times the police massacred union protesters to break up strikes.
Probably because he mentioned having a third floor. The reddit hivemind is a jealous bunch.
It would be no different than if the Giants and Jets accomplished that feat right now.
You never hear anything good from there either. I lived there in high school, and it's about the most boring place you can be. But it's within an hour's drive to Philly, Baltimore, and DC. There's always something to do if you have a car.
The beaches are nice if you like crowded east coast boardwalk style beaches. If you like white sand, clear water, and less people around, you'll hate it.
No, go for it, but only if it's a gas oven.
&gt; mixed mutual fund, bond portfolio. Someone young enough to be dating my daughter should be in a much more risky portfolio. If you want to impress me with your financial acumen, holding lots of bonds when you're 4+ decades from retirement won't do it. But it's a good start.
When you put it that way... I guess the only thing to do is eat the rich.
I personally work with at least five people who are over 60 and only work here for the health insurance. I can't wait for them to start retiring.
This is your bullet. It's your choice whether or not to dodge it, but I suggest you do. I would have done exactly the same in your shoes, for the exact same reasons. You had no confirmation that it was your responsibility. You had no details about when you even needed to be at the airport. Your GF doesn't respect that you can't be on your phone at work. Your GF's family have shown you a peek how the crazy is made. GF's sister is an *ADULT,* who could have called GF, or the friend, or an uber. Usually I don't agree with the /r/relationships cut-your-losses song and dance, but this time it's warranted. Run.
You don't have to agree. "Sorry, I can't. I'll be at work." But OP was never even given the option.
I knew my rate wasn't for me almost immediately, quite a long time before I ever showed up to a boat.
It doesn't really matter, does it? Let's say a passerby calls 911. You don't get to do market research and choose the best ambulance company. You don't get to choose what hospital they deliver you to. You don't get to pick any of this, you just get to pay for it. Maybe there was a cheaper ambulance, or an in-network hospital; oh well, sucks to be you.
Well, there's no free market in the healthcare industry, so die it is.
To be fair, it's been in the 40s in Minneapolis for the past few days. December has been pretty mild for most of the midwest.
Just like any other ideology or hobby.
Good for you, seriously. Most people can't afford airplane insurance.
That sounds fairly typical for a young non-American woman.
I definitely agree there. She has no need to lose any weight.
&gt; they were really needing or counting on that money This is called "counting your chickens before they hatch." They mentally spent money they didn't even have yet. Bonuses are not guaranteed. The adult, professional thing for them to do if they have a problem with the way the company does business is find a new job. And, I would recommend they do so. A company such as yours that can't make good on their promises (like this bonus) probably isn't very stable, and you might want to jump ship before you find yourself out of a job.
I used to be in the military, so I've had a lot of haircuts. In my opinion, the best thing about boys' and mens' short hair is that if a haircut gets screwed up, you only have a few weeks before they get to try again. So you can experiment a little. My recommendations: Go to an actual barber shop. Get actual advice from a barber who focuses on male hair. You don't *always* have to go to one, but they can tell you how to best describe what you want to another stylist. The easiest thing to do is ask for a numbered clipper on the sides and scissors on top. That's the haircut I've gotten since I was around five years old, and you can brush it however you like. Let it grow out a little, no big deal. The number of the clipper corresponds to how many 1/8s of an inch it leaves. So a #2 clipper leaves the hair at 1/4 inch. That's then faded into the top. In the colder months, I usually go with a #3 or #4 and leave a little extra on top.
That doesn't make any sense.
You'd hate to work at most white collar offices? Well, that makes two of us.
OP is no longer part of the family unit that lives in that residence. She is a guest, and should be treated as such.
You do those things voluntarily though. You offer; you're not forced. I'm the same way. I'll offer to help, it feels rude not to. But if someone demanded I do things when I'm a guest in their home? I'm leaving.
Can't name a single item of clothing you've worn. However, there are exceptions. If your outfit is really unusual, I'll remember it. I have a coworker who one day wore a dress that made her body look exactly like a blue rectangle. Sharp corners, no curves, super boxy. I will remember that dress quite possibly forever, it was just so weird. It looked like a cartoon.
When I was 5 years old, I watched a submarine pull into port. I decided right then and there that one day I would "drive a submarine." That's the only way my 5 year old brain knew how to communicate this. When I was 18, I joined the Navy. I went to school to learn how to operate a nuclear engineroom, and I finally went to a submarine to operate one for real at 20 years old. But I was in engineering. It was never required of me to qualify Helmsman/Planesman, the actual watchstation that steers the ship. I did qualify Throttleman, who is in control of the ship's speed. I realized around that time that most people never get to do what they wanted to do in kindergarten. How many astronauts, cowboys, and pro athletes are there really? I had that opportunity. So I did. After I was finished with all of my engineering qualifications, I worked on qualifying the most junior watchstation on the entire boat. I did it, guys. I drove a submarine. Both as the gas pedal *and* the steering wheels. But other than that really cool moment, I hate submarines. I could go months without seeing the sky or breathing fresh air. The paperwork and oversight to operate a reactor is insane, and we are worked until we fall asleep standing up. So I got out after my 6-year enlistment. And I tripled my salary, because now I dispatch the electric grid. I control when power plants come on and off, and how much power they produce. We make sure the right amount of power is made in the right places to avoid overloading transmission lines or causing a blackout. It's shift work, but I go home *after every single shift*. I would have no problem doing this for the rest of my career, honestly.
You know a pretty common phrase that proves this? "Thank god for Mississippi." Which is often used because Mississippi finds itself dead last in all sorts of rankings. This phrase is used by residents of the states that usually come in 45th-49th, but never used by residents of the states in the top ten (of that category).
So, the states that run a deficit and lean on federal funding will feel this more than others? We all know which states those are.
&gt; Central Siberia has -40°C winters and 30°C summers, The same weather happens in central Canada and parts of the US upper Midwest.
I wonder if she would keep going to work if her company stopped paying her.
"If the company will reimburse me for my non-refundable tickets (and possible hotel, rental car, whatever), I will stay and work. If not, I'll be going on my vacation as planned." And if they fire you for that... There are better places to work.
Why not ask them why they don't come in as early as you?
My wife and I have a drink most nights with dinner. Beer, wine, maybe a cocktail. I have a well-stocked liquor cabinet in my basement, so my kids have seen us drink just about every type of alcohol under the sun. And yes, they say things like that too. "My daddy loves beer!" Well, just own it. It's true, isn't it? I understand what moderation is, and I don't drink in excess in front of my kids. Beer/wine is a perfectly normal thing for adults to drink.
Take away a holiday? Why not just add another? It's not a zero-sum game. Everyone could use an extra day off; the US has the lowest number of federal holidays out of any developed nation.
Commercial harbor pilots are currently paid a *ton* too. Their services are invaluable to ship crews who aren't familiar with the underwater topography on the way in and out of port. A massive container ship getting stuck on a sandbar could cost hundreds of millions of dollars in time wasted not loading/unloading.
I didn't have any student loans when I was 25.
Less hours for the same pay is a higher hourly rate. Do you not want a raise for yourself?
Most white collar workers are required to be at their desks for 40+ hours a week, but there's only about 15 or so hours of actual work to do per week. So you spend most of your time trying to look busy. Personally, I'd rather have that "look busy" time outside the office, doing whatever I want. The exact same amount of actual work would still get done.
I wonder how non-visual learners like that deal with lego instructions? They're almost the exact same format and nobody ever complains about them.
What's worth more, your time or your money? For you, it's money. For your roommate, it's time. As much as I actually enjoy putting together Ikea furniture, I would definitely pay $150 for someone to both deliver and put together furniture for an entire apartment.
&gt; I know it pissed people off Those people could have done the exact same thing you did, and chose not to. They pissed themselves off.
Don't get your hopes up. She'll vote for the Republican primary winner.
&gt; Contribute at least 1 mod action a month to the moderation effort. That's it? [I'll take it, 'til I get killed or you find someone better.](https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/78376dd9-0ec4-49ea-8b54-1180af738d51)
Post the job on Indeed. Make sure to include what the salary or hourly wage is somewhere inside this posting, preferably right towards the top. In the Experience or Education sections, include a blurb that military experience can be substituted for a degree. Many people will apply. Interview the people who check the box after the question: "Are you a veteran?"
I'm 30, and I barely remember Bledsoe. We didn't watch a lot of Patriots games when I was a kid though.
If you're into DIY, the magnet you use to unlock the latches is also a perfect tool to use as a stud finder. Run it over the wall until you feel it stick to the drywall nails.
My daughter once told someone her favorite store is the liquor store. Because the cashiers give her a lollypop. But did she include that little detail? Nope...
Of course. It just seemed like the person I replied to couldn't understand why someone might want more free time.
Combine that with California-style overtime laws federally, and things might start looking a little more fair.
But if there's too much for you to do, someone else now has a chance to work for competitive pay too.
30M, wife is a SAHM, kids are 3 and 5. Honestly, if one income can cover all of your spending and savings goals, having a parent stay home makes every aspect of your life easier and less expensive. You don't need daycare, and you'd probably be paying more than your mortgage for it if you did. You have someone who has the time to meal plan and grocery shop, along with cook almost all of your meals at home. You only have one commute to pay for, even if you still keep both cars. If a kid is sick and has to stay home, nobody has to take a day off work. If the stay-at-home parent does the majority of the household chores during the workday, everyone has more free time on the weekends. In fact, a stay-at-home parent might save a family more than they would bring home by working.
Bus driver most likely.
Did you recently get out of a time machine? I don't think even I've seen anyone with a regular bowl cut since 2004.
A ballistic school bus would be the coolest way to arrive at school.
It's "normal teenage bullshit" to understand that he'll probably never enjoy the quality of life his dad had because worldwide circumstances have changed? I guess I'm still going through "normal teenage bullshit" in my 30s then.
Well, he's right. Maybe try listening to him.
How old is the kid?
That's not happening this year with the focus on the run game. Maybe we'll have a "should have passed it" moment instead though.
I'm a shift worker who has to work today and tomorrow, so my family celebrated Christmas yesterday. Usually we try to keep it just us, but this year the in-laws are here. Normally, we open our gifts fairly slowly, take lots of pictures, thank each other... You know, use some manners and such, focus on the giving and not the recieving. Not when Grandma and Grandpa are here. Oh no, it's rush through it, don't take any pictures, greed greed greed. I'm not sure if I'm wrong for resenting them, or if that's normal with grandparents and kids that are 3 and 5.
&gt; the marriage license is the piece of paper that gets you in the hospital room "I'm her husband." Boom, you're in the room. Nobody carries their marriage license around with them. No nurse or receptionist will ever ask to see yours either.
Any home improvement store will have locking doorknobs that match the rest of the ones in your house for about $10-15. It takes about 5 minutes and a screwdriver to swap one out.
I'm just a random dude on the internet, but if you want to send your box to my address, I'll hold on to it and ship it to you when you get to A school. I know what it's like to have disagreeable parents, and I wish someone would have offered this to me. I'm just trying to pay it forward.
I don't really think it was something worth getting too worked up about or having to take control. My wife says that's how they always did presents when she was a kid, and she turned out ok. It's just kind of a culture shock.
I think this might be just my ego, but I would never even think to impose my own traditions if I were a guest in someone else's home. I would hope to have that same respect shown to me, and I feel like it wasn't. At the end of the day, the kids had fun; that's all that matters. But this will be a year that we have zero pictures from, in stark contrast to every other year. There's no way to get the chance to take those again, either. When my daughters ask "Hey, where are the pictures from the Christmas I was in kindergarten?" I'll want to throw Grandma right under the bus.
The "fresh talent" are cronies too. Sean McVay's grandfather got him a job, for example.
Definitely. But if he wasn't connected, he would be here on reddit arguing with the rest of us. Maybe you could have been an NFL coach. Maybe I could. But we don't know the right people.
I did that once back when we still had paper leave chits. We were supposed to turn them in when we returned from a holiday standdown leave period, but I forgot mine at home. Nobody ever asked me about it.
How would the clothing sales employee know if you're stationed there or not?
I noticed you only posted this an hour ago, so I want you to read this very important piece while you still have time: PACK YOUR BAGS! Get everything into as few bags as possible so that when he pulls into your driveway you can just throw them in the car and go. [Edit, here's the rest] In your boyfriend's shoes, I would do the exact same. If you tell me your dad is hitting you and you have no place to go or way to get there, the first thing I'm going to do is get in the car, especially if it's only an eight hour drive. There are more important things than hanging out with my parents on Christmas Eve, and it's not like you can't just move the actual celebration of Christmas over to the 26th if something major like this comes up. &gt; I just feel so terrible that he is leaving his family behind because of me. Please don't. You didn't ask him to do this; he volunteered. Hell, you told him *not* to. I guarantee he would feel like a total piece of shit if he didn't. &gt; I’m a little concerned it may color their opinion of me that I pulled their son away at this time of year. Good people don't think this way. Imagine if you were his mom, wouldn't you want him to go? Even encourage it? *THIS* is what the holidays are about. Not useless displays of consumerism or white-bearded fat men in red suits. Helping each other. Spending time with people who actually enjoy your company. You know, like your boyfriend. &gt; What do I do when he gets here, and almost inevitably gets into it with dad? You don't. As soon as you can see his car coming down the road, you grab your stuff and go outside. As soon as it's parked, throw your bags in the trunk, jump in the passenger seat, and go. No words between them, it will get unnecessarily ugly. &gt; What do I tell his family about why my panic response pulled their son away on Christmas Eve? You tell them the truth. Nobody who is worth spending time with will be angry at you. They probably already know. Maybe tell them how much you appreciate that they raised a good kid, and that you feel welcome in their home. &gt; And how do i make it up to my boyfriend for throwing a stupid wrench in all his plans today? Again, this is only speculation, but I bet he'll tell you not to worry about it. This isn't something that needs paid back. I'd say get him a six pack of his favorite beer, but you're too young in the US. Something along those lines, you know? But don't feel obligated in any way. This is nothing to feel bad about. Go have fun with your boyfriend and what I can only imagine to be his lovely family.
That's dangerous, because if you fail to get sole custody, you are forced to leave your kids with an abuser. Men typically don't get full custody either.
Only if he chooses to wear gloves. They're not a required part of the uniform.
You're thinking of shared custody vs woman with sole custody. Yes, I agree, men who fight for shared custody almost always get it. 50/50 would still be dangerous. Full custody awarded to the man would be necessary, and that's very rare.
Stocks are on sale right now. Your 401(k) will eventually recover.
It won't be, but they have to check it out anyway if they get a report. This will just bog down the already overloaded system.
There must be something about the military... when I was in the Navy, I washed out a windex bottle and refilled it with blue gatorade. The contorted looks on people's faces when you squirt some in your mouth are hilarious.
Because in their minds, their authoritarian vision is more important that actually being democratically popular.
That's fairly standard when there isn't any.
I'm 30, same here. With my luck, people born in 1986 or 1987 will be the last age year to receive any SS.
Start looking for a ring to propose with? I love a good clean minimalist space.
I'd say you're completely right. There's no stat for scrambling yards or sacks dodged. There's no ranking of QBs that takes O-line quality into consideration.
Referees?
To be fair, blue cities are where these people are most likely to get assistance.
Fair enough.
I agree. I'm just saying it's a tiny smidge better than just dumping them in the middle of the desert. Honestly, I'm surprised ICE isn't bussing the immigrants to Montana and dumping them in the blizzard-prone prairies to freeze to death.
Have you told your parents that the shutdown is why you're not going? People like that generally don't care unless it affects *them* personally. You might be close enough to them to get the message across.
That sounds pretty typical. I'm sorry.
Serious question, when do you think premarital sex *wasn't* common?
Not everyone has their own room as a kid.
I'll start with your title, because that drew me in: &gt; I can't think of myself as desirable or interesting. Well, here's the hard truth. Most people are not interesting. And almost all people only have a small subset of people they find desirable. What you're experiencing is perfectly normal and rational. &gt; the most I have are acquaintances. I go to work, I do my job, I share a laugh or two with my coworkers, but that's it. That's also very typical for someone your age. I'm only a few years older than you, and the same is true for me. Did you recently move to where you live now? It's very difficult to make new friends as an adult compared to when you were in school. I wish I had some advice for how to feel better about it. I know this might not be helpful or you've heard it before, but sometimes you just have to relax and let things go. The more you worry about it, the bigger problem it becomes.
Different situation, but I had to work on Christmas. So we just pretended Christmas was on the 23rd. The kids don't care if you move the date. If it's really important to you that you spend Christmas with your kids and do those activities together, just do them on a day you can all be together. The 25th was just a regular Tuesday where Dad was at work. Bonus, they get to play with their presents for two extra days of their winter break from school.
That's what I meant; you didn't grow up where you currently live. Most people don't move very far from where they grow up, and as a result, keep at least a few friends from childhood. If you move even once as an adult, you lose that.
Premarital sex has been a common thing for humans since the invention of marriage itself. There are references to it in every single era of writing, all the way back to stone tablets. There is dirty graffiti on Roman ruins that isn't too different from what you'd find in a bathroom stall today, except in Latin.
Partially, but there are also houseboats that never move. There are whole communities of them in places like Seattle and Portland.
And yet, if you asked for a description of "healthy femininity," this description provided would not be what you get. Nobody would mention bullying or intimidation. I don't think anyone would mention changing her mind. Same is true for generosity. But I agree, all of these traits *should* apply to everyone.
Well, maybe not kicking.
He would know about the cancer and be able to get it treated earlier. I bet he would know how to prevent losing his leg, too.
&gt; If you just tell them “drugs are bad” and they try something like weed and realize it’s not that bad, then the kids gonna think you’re full of shit about all of them. This is why D.A.R.E. was such a monumental failure.
I actually have answers for these, because I do all of these things myself. I'm not the stereotype you think you're arguing against. &gt; how long does it take you to put on a table a decent home-cooked lunch? Why would you cook lunch? Two PB&amp;Js for the kids and a turkey sandwich for myself takes about 10 minutes. Another 10 to clean up afterwards. &gt; To clean your whole home? How often do you actually clean your whole home? A thorough deep cleaning would take a week or more. Do you mean, how much time do you spend on the individual tasks of cleaning a home? Sure here you go: Vacuum the whole house: Once a week, 30 min (or ~5 min a day on average). Clean the kitchen counters: 10-15 mins after each meal, or 30-45 mins a day ish. Clean the bathrooms: 20 mins each (x2) once a week. (or ~6 min a day on average). Clean up the kids' messes: Yes, I get this one if the kids are under 4. Kids can clean up after themselves though. Cook dinner: This one depends on how much you enjoy cooking. Anywhere from 20 mins to 3 hours. (I'd say 45 min on average). Laundry: 1 min to put in the washing machine, 1 min to switch to the dryer, 15 min to fold and put away. Average of twice a day with two kids, total of 34 minutes. That's really... all you *need* to do. 135 minutes of actual work per day. To be fair, this is more actual work than I do in a day at my office. Everything else is optional and depends entirely on your standard of cleanliness, or done less frequently than weekly. &gt; To plan all the meals for the week About an hour, while we are watching TV in the evening. Also, this is a collaborative process involving the whole family. Everyone picks what we have for dinner one night a week, and the other three days are leftovers or something that sounds good. Also, we eat out sometimes. Probably 3-4x per month. &gt; and go grocery shopping? It takes me about two hours from leaving my house to arriving home with a full cart of groceries, but only because it's about a 20 minute drive. My wife is better and more efficient at it than me, and can be done in 1.5 hours. We usually trade off doing this, I'd say she does it 60% of the time, and sometimes I stop for a few things on the way home from work. &gt; Clean the dishes? Again, about 10-20 minutes after each meal is spent doing dishes and cleaning the table, counter tops, and cooking surfaces. We use our dishwasher every day. &gt; And to have kids ages 0 - 13 to constantly interrupt you? Not when they're in school. I agree when they're home, but it's not hard to say "I'm busy right now, can you come back in 10 minutes?" Needs of the household come before *wants* of the child. It's different if they actually need your attention (got hurt or something), but that's incredibly rare. Again, I'm not talking about infants. Toddlers and up. &gt; Spending time with the kids? That's not a household chore, and you're never going to convince me it is. Spending time with my kids is not a chore at all. But I know that's not what you mean. You mean the actual act of parenting, supervising, teaching. Like I said, it's a full time job until they enter school. After that, you have 8 hours of free time every day to accomplish a little over three hours of work. That sounds like a white collar office job, but you're not confined to a desk, you can go wherever you want. My wife is my equal. We do equal amounts of work. But neither of us do 40 hours of actual work on any given week. I may be gone for that amount of time or more, but I'm sitting on reddit at work right now. I have no problem if my wife wants to spend an equal amount of time on facebook or reddit or any kind of downtime activity because I would (and do) do the exact same. Now, if we want to talk about other responsibilities related to the home, like car maintenance, or mowing the lawn, or shoveling the driveway, making sure the bills are paid and the expenses tracked, etc... Those are all less than monthly, but I have those responsibilities 100% on me. My wife has nothing that she is 100% responsible for; she can *always* ask me for a break.
Going to the movies is a terrible way to spend time with others. You have to be silent and pay attention to the screen, you might as well be alone every time you go.
If players would let go of their egos, this isn't an unreasonable strategy. Realistically, teams get worse as the season progresses and players get injured. Keeping a superbowl winning QB as your backup, and making him the starter halfway through the season is genius. You have a fresh, healthy QB going into the playoffs. It's kind of like shift work in a sense.
There are companies that lobby to keep the tax code convoluted and complicated. That will never happen because it makes it too easy.
Tax Burden = (Income\^1.6)/10000 Very easy and a little fairer than we have now. You could also include the same provisions we have today for tax-advantaged accounts, specifically that your contributions decrease your AGI. Although you'd have to cap the function, it's not until about the $4 million mark. I'd recommend a rule: Pay the lesser amount of the following: the number that results from the formula or 90% of your income.
Whew, good thing it's not your mom's xbox then.
Bama usually has 5-10 NFL-caliber players who get drafted. The Browns have 53 experienced professional players. How is that even a contest?
I've never networked in my life, and I make six figures. Meeting the right people comes down to luck.
The wind doesn't blow 100% of the time, and the sun doesn't shine 100% of the time. However, there is still an electrical load demand 24/7, and it varies throughout the day and year. It's simply not possible to design an electric grid that uses 100% renewable resources unless battery technology gets better by orders of magnitude. However, it's possible to go 100% renewable *and nuclear* with today's technology. It would still take a few years to get there, but it's actually a realistic goal we should try for. *Also,* electricity doesn't contain itself within state borders. If you make a law concerning the electric grid in one state, companies can simply import cheaper power from a plant one state over. You have to make these laws at the grid-level, which is often comprised of many states and/or provinces.
Honestly, the general salary range should included in the job posting. Why should I have to interview just to find out how much the job pays? That's a waste of everyone's time.
That mentality is part of the problem.
Here's your argument: His company, his rules. Is that right? Because if so, I completely agree. So then, he can change the rules and not be a hypocrite? Does that not logically follow? But he chooses not to.
Yuck. If you ever need a new job, limiting yourself to only one tiny local area really hurts your job prospects.
She compares you negatively to others. Honestly, that's enough of a dealbreaker for me. Think about it. You're not the best at anything. Neither am I. There are 7.7 billion people in the world; no matter what you ever put your very best effort towards, there is *always* going to be someone better than you for her to compare you to. You'll never be good enough. So let her go find Mr. Perfect. You'll be dodging a bullet.
You know, you might want to include that in an edit. You're correct that it changes things. But I think my point still stands. If you found your dream job in a different city, would you guys break up? Would you turn down the job and stay? Would he come with you but resent you? I think you need to ask him those questions. I move around a lot for my job, because there are very few openings that require my specific experience. If I get laid off, there's a 99% chance we have to move to a new state so I can work somewhere else. I know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that my wife is willing to drop everything and come with me if we have to. She even said she wants to live in an RV and travel the country after we retire.
&gt; just saying "I don't like them" would not be enough. Can you please explain that? Not everybody enjoys spending time with their families.
Not allowing ice cream is also, in a way, theft. NUBs lose their BAS when you go to sea, just like I do. There are other ways to instill discipline, taking away one of the very few morale boosters left just breeds hate and discontent for no reason.
So, breadsticks? They're just a pizza dough cut into sticks. People love those; what's the difference?
Plain pizza crust, not the pizza itself.
No, of course not. But I think it's on par with breadsticks.
Even if it's not officially called that, I'm going to call it that. /u/JaguarGator9 got the Dawson to catch on, maybe he can get this going too.
Probably because she's really attractive.
You could have called him immediately afterwards. *Before* you made the instagram post. In fact, I bet that's all you would have had to do. Why didn't you?
I love that picture more every time I see it. No, it's a made-up QB stat: [more touchdowns than incomplete passes in a game.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/9tuxyl/oc_introducing_a_brand_new_stat_the_dawson_and/)
Since this is /r/personalfinance, and you came here for financial advice: I got out a few years ago. I initially made double what I did in the service, and after a few years of promotions and raises, I now make triple what I did in the military.
It's not a giant salary for this sub in particular. That's simply due to egos and bias; people who make a lot of money and are interested enough to spend time in /r/financialindependence are more likely to brag about their income.
Not instead, but *in addition to*. The few seconds it takes to shut off the gas could save lives.
It doesn't. But when you combine blackout curtains in the kids' rooms with teaching them how to make their own breakfasts, you're golden.
You can usually remove the flow limiter with a pair of needlenose pliers.
&gt; How old were your kids when you began instituting this policy? I'm not who you asked, but my kids started getting this rule around age 3. That's old enough to understand if you're full or hungry, whether or not you actually like the food, and the consequence of not eating it: being hungry until breakfast. We also don't really have any other types of consequences/punishments around not eating, because I hate the "clean plate" mentality I grew up with. If you're not hungry, that's totally ok, get up and leave (as long as you've tried at least one bite of anything new). You're just not getting anything else to eat, no big deal. My kids eat pretty much everything.
I moved to Minnesota a few years ago. There's just a whole culture of people here who love bland, boring, unseasoned food. I don't really understand it.
I would have set the table with actual chopsticks, just to see their reaction.
Better pay due to stronger unions and a voting public that understands what taxes are for.
Sounds like the Chiefs are going to lose the Superbowl this year.
Mark &amp; Rachel sound more fun anyway.
I'm actually talking about total comp. Taking into account the value all the military benefits I received, I still make more than 3x that amount, if you are fair and also include all of my civilian benefits. My employer's health plan is leaps and bounds better than what's available on my ACA marketplace, and I pay less in premiums for that coverage too. I also get a 401(k) match; TSP doesn't do that. If getting paid more isn't enough for you, I also work only a tiny fraction of the hours I worked in the Navy. My white collar office job only has a few hours' work to do at most each day, while I came home from the boat exhausted every single day.
To be fair, my experience is far from typical. I like to mention it because I was always told by my senior NCOs that the civilian job market is crap and I'd eventually wish I'd never left. I'm sure OP has been told the same.
That's a good point too. I was ignoring to too because the vast majority of the military never make it to 20. I don't think there is any civilian company that comes anywhere near matching the military retirement. But if you're dilligent in investing on your own, your retirement portfolio is likely to be able to pay out half your highest paycheck in perpetuity after 20 years of saving. The catch is that you have to give up some of your money *now*, which military members going for 20+ might not need to.
1983 season, lost to the Raiders.
Are we awarding style points for playing the trumpet enroute? Louis Armstrong takes it 10/10.
I was born in 1988, joined the military in 2007 and got out in 2013. My dad was also a career military guy. I'd like to know how many other people are out there with our exact matching backstory.
Honestly man, have you... discussed it with her? How do you know 100% for sure that she's not into you too? You were great friends in high school and even went to prom together. She makes an effort to hang out with you when you're both home from school. You need to clear the air. Sometime soon, you need to hang out one-on-one somewhere, and have a serious conversation. Tell her what you told us. Because it can go one of two ways: \#1: She doesn't share your feelings. That's fine. Now you know for sure; things might be a little weird for a while, but you have time to find a different roommate and avoid all kinds of awkward and frustrating situations. \#2: She reciprocates. Maybe she's had a crush on you this whole time. Women, especially young and immature women, love to drop subtle hints, and young and immature guys miss them. Check out the /r/AskReddit threads like "Women of reddit, what hints have you dropped that guys have totally missed" for examples. There's a good chance she thinks you're not into her because you're not getting her hints. Again, this is why you *clear the air*. Use direct communication. The truth is, if she falls into the #1 scenario, you were probably going to drift apart before age 30 anyway, you have literally nothing to lose.
Go check out /r/personalfinance or /r/raisedbynarcissists sometime. Never let your family know about your money, and never, ever, ever let someone borrow something if you wouldn't be ok with never seeing again. Give gifts, not loans, if you want to maintain your relationships.
Hawaii's blue island is Oahu. It makes sense, Honolulu is there.
Hey, just FYI, you don't win purple hearts.
E1-E6 in the Navy used to wear a janitor uniform called Utilities. The Navy was so concerned about how it looked, that it was only allowed to be word off base to and from work with a quick stop for gas. Those rules were inherited by the blue digi NWUs for their first year or so of existence. &gt; Who cares if it gets dirty The fuckin' Navy, apparently.
When would they have time to schedule it? I work 12-hour overnights shifts too; if you're not working, you're sleeping. Your days off don't have enough time for all the things you *already* have to do.
It hasn't been that way in decades. If you want a raise that's higher than inflation, you need to jump now.
My house was built in 1977, it's 1750 sq ft, 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, on a 1/3 acre lot that borders a park and is in a great school district. I live in the suburbs of the Twin Cities, Minnesota. I bought this house in 2014, for $200k, when my income was $82k. It's now worth about $265k (according to Zillow anyway), and I'm going to make $135k this year. This house is almost perfect for us. There's no need to move; I'm building my life then saving for it. I have two kids (6 and 4), and they each have their own bedroom. I work shift work, a mix of day shifts and night shifts. When I work nights, I sleep in the spare bedroom that I have blacked out with room darkening shades and curtains. The park that adjoins our property has a playground and a splash pad, and we take the kids there most days. The only thing that's been bugging us is our kitchen is fairly small. There's just not enough room for multiple people to move around and cook together, and if the kids want to help it just gets too crowded. I've noticed in my random browsing around the real estate websites that a reasonably-sized kitchen adds about $50-75k to the price of a house in my area. I don't understand why most houses here are built with a kitchen you can barely turn around in, but that's our real estate market. In my personal opinion, we live in a medium-sized home. My wife and I rented a 750 sq ft house when we first moved in together, and it was the perfect amount of space for us before kids. I know lots of people who lived in houses smaller than that, it's pretty normal in western WA and some other places I've lived. My parents have a 3000+ sq ft house on 4 acres down in Texas, and I have no earthly clue what they do with all that space when nobody is visiting.
I'm not sure about that. I lived across the Sound from Seattle for 5 years, and I've never lived somewhere so *green* in my life. I've moved to Texas and Minnesota between then and now. Houston was miserably humid and flat. Minnesota is miserably cold for 7 months of the year. I'd give anything to move back to the PNW, but it's so expensive and my career is in a super niche field that doesn't have openings there often.
Of course they will. Following orders is what they do best.
It seems like you could just give the PTO to the employees who need it without taking it from employees who don't. Why the extra step?
They can't make *all* the water they want, *all* the time. Reverse osmosis is great, and it makes enough for the boat to have more than it needs, but definitely not enough to carelessly flush it away with your poop. Even on nuclear subs with RO units, you get in the shower, turn the water off to lather up, then turn it back on to rinse off. It actually takes a while to fill the potable tank. Source: I stood Throttleman. I kept track of all the engineering space tank levels and periodically had to report them to the control room.
Kind of like how Birmingham isn't but the rest of the state is?
On what grounds? She can be fired for any non-discriminatory reason or no reason at all. That's what at-will employment means.
That same thing is going to happen to the Twin Cities very soon. People have noticed it's an MCOL with high salaries and are moving here in droves. I can't say I'm not guilty; that's exactly why I live here. It happened to San Francisco in the '90s, Seattle in the '00s, Austin in the '10s. I'm pretty lucky I bought a house here 5 years ago.
On that note, they're going to judge you no matter what you do, so who cares?
You might want to check out [ceilingtrainkit.com.](https://ceilingtrainkit.com/)
Why won't he just cancel his own ticket/fine? That sounds like something he has the authority to do, as head of parking.
It sure does, that's why I expect it to happen.
In short, yes. If someone is paying me for my time, they get to decide how I dress when I'm on their property. This is the concept of a dress code at your office. If I'm on my own time, I'm free to dress exactly as I please, as long as I'm not violating any decency laws. So are you.
Right, I do too, for the most part. I don't leave my house in dirty/ripped/stained clothes. But there's a sliding scale, in my opinion, on what's "presentable." Going to a job interview? Dress up. Going to a fancy restaurant? Dress up, maybe a little less. Going to work? Business casual. Doing pretty much anything else? Jeans/shorts and a t-shirt. Going to the airport though? Comfortable pants/shorts (probably sweatpants or athletic shorts), t-shirt, socks, slip on shoes. Just like the guy in the picture.
&gt; It just feels like there will always be a reason not to do it. You know why that is? Because it's the truth. There *will* always be a reason not to do it. Just like having a baby. In your 20s, you were too young, or you didn't have enough money coming in, or all of the reasons you listed: moving around, rent shortages, etc etc. If everyone waited until they were 100% ready to have a baby, we'd start seeing drastic population decline in a few decades. Well, now, you're about to have a baby. That's actually a decent reason not to get a dog *right now*. But how about next year, when you have the expense of daycare, diapers, etc? How about the year after that, when you might be about to have a new baby again? Or the year after that with two in daycare and you're paying more than your mortgage for child care? To put it bluntly: a dog is a luxury. There will *always* be a priority that comes before getting a dog. If you want a dog, you just have to ignore that. Just like any other luxury expense.
I'm not sitting on a huge pile of cash right now, because I don't have any planned large expenses in the next few years. The housing market generally lags the stock market by a year or more. It would be extremely tempting to sell my house and rent for a year or two while I wait for house prices to drop. But there's no guarantee the housing market will follow the stock market at all. So I'll sit back and do nothing.
&gt; Younger employees that aren't nearly as experienced Are also more gullible and easier to abuse. With experience comes understanding of your rights as an employee. Additionally, younger employees are more willing to work overtime for free in the hopes of getting that promotion, while older employees understand it's not worth it.
Personally, I don't take healthcare or insurance into account at all. I've had a different insurance provider at every company I've ever worked for. Even companies that choose the same provider often have different available plans and coverages. So if I didn't work for the company I work for right now, my insurance situation would be wildly different. Yours would too, so there's no way to really compare the amount your employer covers to anything else.
I only have a limited amount of time with my kids before they turn into teenagers who are too cool to hang out with me. My work will still be there tomorrow, no matter how much I get accomplished today. The number of people I work with who don't understand that is mindboggling.
&gt; I have been in this position for several months and after requesting official job duties several times, I finally just got them last week. What exactly are these duties? Also, what were you doing while you waited to figure out what they are? That sounds like a nice relaxing break.
I'm pretty sure Gilligan wasn't from Hawaii. IIRC he was stationed in Hawaii in the Navy, and just stayed there after he got out. He could have originally been from anywhere.
I'll never buy a house in an HOA.
My wife is a SAHM. Ok, listen. You listed six things that you could do to bring in income. Awesome. But that's not how a SAHM helps the household financially. **Your job is to reduce expenses.** That has the same overall effect on your budget in the end. What things are you doing towards that goal? Do you buy groceries instead of eating out, and cook most of your meals at home? Do you entertain and teach your son so you don't have to pay for daycare? Do you keep the house clean so you don't have to pay a housekeeper **and** nobody has to do chores after work or on the weekends? Do you take the time to fight with the insurance company over medical bills? I'll admit, I know quite a few SAHMs who put their kids in front of the TV and spend the whole day on facebook. If you actually do the job of SAHM though, it's a lot of work and you really don't have time for a second job.
Yep, being a SAHM isn't something that everyone will naturally be good at. That was exactly why I put that bit in about some that I know who park their kids in front of the TV all day. I'd put a spending problem in that same category. If you purposefully do the opposite of what you're supposed to be doing, most jobs would fire you.
Every city.
&gt; What do I tell my employer? Goodbye.
Even if you're planning on leaving anyway? The very worst they can do is exactly what you want.
&gt; One thing I noticed is that my boss would give me a bunch of tasks to do at the beginning of the day and I end up finishing them all before lunch! That's pretty standard for most office jobs. In fact, you have about double the workload of most of my coworkers. Is this a paid internship?
Just to ease your mind a little, if one of my coworkers dropped notice the day they come back from a vacation, it wouldn't surprise or bother me one bit. Although I've never done it, every single time I've been tempted to just quit and walk out have been the first day back from a vacation, at four separate companies. Some people are going to take it personally; you can't do anything about that. These are people who derive their identity and self-worth from their jobs and have nothing else going on in their lives. Ignore them, this is just business.
I'm glad I started reading brulosophy before I went all-grain. I'm fairly convinced that BIAB is the optimal way to brew at the homebrew scale, but I bet people would look at you like you grew a second head if you said that 15 years ago.
Americans in general are too hung up on tradition, honestly.
They only know what you tell them. Check the "Do Not Contact This Employer" box on your application. There are hundreds of reasons for doing so that have nothing to do with being fired.
Oh, I definitely don't think reducing expenses is the *only* thing OP can do. Of course she can get a job if she wants to. I just think optimizing her household is a better use of her time and effort than trying to get a minimum wage job. The skills and experience she listed aren't particularly lucrative, and she would still have all of the expenses that come with having a job: *Daycare,* maintaining a vehicle and commuting, maintaining a professional appearance, maybe even professional licensing, etc etc. You're right though, having a SAHM for a wife is what I consider to be the #1 key to my success at work. I work rotating shift work in a very niche field (so we have to relocate every so often) and there's just no fair way to do that with kids and a working spouse.
But not one you could talk about publicly. The ones who *do* spend all day on facebook will vigorously and aggressively defend their lifestyle and make you out to look like a misogynistic asshole for having standards, especially online. It's just a part of mommy blog culture.
Bingo. I have a higher life insurance policy on my wife than I do on myself. If I die, she has the skills and education to get a decent paying job, and with the insurance money would be set for life. Also her parents would help her. Mine wouldn't. If she dies, I'd have to either quit my (shift work) job or pay out the ass for overnight nannies, eating out all the time, daycare, etc, neither are good options really.
Better, because mayonnaise is just an emulsion of eggs and oil. The bread is crispier and crunchier because of the super thin fried egg layer.
Hey, I noticed this argument started from my comment, so just to clear it up: Nobody should *need* to do any major chores after work or on weekends if you have a stay-at-home parent. I still do whatever minor chores I see when I'm home; I'll do the laundry, put away the dishes, or take out the trash if I walk by and see they are full, for example. Those are just part of being a considerate human being / roommate / partner in my opinion, those don't go away.
There was an early 20s heavy equipment operator for a mining company in Alaska who did an AMA a while ago. The jobs are out there, but I'm pretty sure most are like that: super rare, extremely remote or dangerous conditions, shift work, etc. I know people who've made that much on an oil rig, for instance.
My wife and I lived across the Sound from Seattle before we had kids, and we used to go up there for those weekend trips. I miss it, and I completely get where you're coming from. But to be fair, if we weren't going to do a big road trip across the country, we would have spent the exact same amount of time in the dozens of state parks right in Minnesota. MCOL doesn't necessarily have to mean boring.
Bring required to go somewhere against your will for 40+ hours a week will do that to you.
Hey, ex-submariner here, just FYI that's not true. Submarines have small arms lockers, but they're for force protection in port. We don't issue live ammunition (although we do simulate for drills and issue empty magazines) underway for obvious reasons.
We all do?
&gt; I didn't realise we just forget history without having monuments and holidays after terrible people. Most Americans do. Check out the content of /r/TodayILearned around any holiday for proof.
Probably not, but a 13 year old who only did some half-assed research might believe they do. That's why people are recommending to talk to a doctor.
&gt; Those four seconds between “he’s been in a car accident” and “but everything’s fine” Those four seconds were probably just as terrifying for him. But then, as soon as he heard “but everything’s fine,” he knew he could stop worrying about your son. He knew someone had to keep a level head in that moment while you keep freaking out (understandably). And so he focused his energy on what to do about the car and all of the bureaucracy that comes from a car accident. That's exactly what I do when things are out of my hands. Focus on what I *can* control and change. Even if your son had been in the hospital, he would be in the hands of trained medical professionals. Your husband isn't a doctor, what could he do about that situation? I don't think your son should have to pay you back for the car since he wasn't at fault, but I don't think that's your main concern right now. Give it a few days and see how things shake out.
Put the $830 in a savings account with the highest interest rate you can find. Don't spend it, it might not be yours. Then, confirm with your manager or payroll what your commission is *supposed* to be. Maybe you're the one who's mistaken and you're supposed to get 2%, for example, maybe you got a raise nobody told you about; it happens sometimes.
My family will still be there for me long after I'm gone from any company. I can't say the same in reverse: No company will offer any kind of extra support for me if I get a divorce and lose custody of my kids. So I refuse to cancel vacation for any reason, and I'm willing to end my employment over it; I can always find a new job. I make six figures even with this attitude. You need to relax.
To be fair, it is a *religious* story found in a *religious* text. Of course it's going to say God is responsible, because that's what they believe. As an atheist, you can ignore that part entirely; don't take it personally.
Yes. Check out any advice article written about how to interview. Almost all of them tell you to not mention pay, because hiring managers see it as "rude." I'd never go to an interview without an idea of the pay. I'm in the business of selling my time for money; I need to know both sides of that equation.
&gt; the quintessential nerd that lives in his mother's basement and doesn't wash himself properly. It used to be that nerd, geek, and dork meant different things. Geeks are currently very cool. Nerds are pretty cool too. You just described a dork, not cool. Then again, I haven't cared about these descriptors since high school and it sounds like you're studying the topic, so I may be way off the mark.
Your boss gave your job to a robot. Be mad at the corporation, man!
They originally didn't have a name for X. So they went with X, as in "Solve for X." But the media just never gave the generation a name. The same thing originally happened with Millennials. A few decades ago, we were just called "Generation Y" until someone said "Millennial" and it stuck. Gen Z is probably going to get its own name soon.
Absolutely. I only mentioned my pay because a lot of (older, mostly) people believe I will "never get anywhere" with my "shitty attitude" about work and time off. /u/DarthNaseous's comment just reminded me of conversations with my boomer coworkers and family members.
You'd probably be burning a bridge, yes. &gt; I want to put in my notice, but chances are my employer wouldn’t allow me to take my vacation at that time. But does that matter? Why does the opinion of an employer who treats you like garbage matter to you? Just check the "Do not contact this employer" box.
No, there are dozens, if not hundreds, of reasons to check that box. One of those reasons just happens to be your specific situation: You believe your boss would retaliate if you put in notice.
Hey everyone, it's the "anecdotes aren't proof" guy! We know. Thanks.
We park the trailer on our driveway next to our garage. Unfortunately, our garage is on the wrong side of the house, so the trailer doors face the neighbor's yard and the slide opens over our driveway. So we have to keep the slides in or we can't get cars in and out of that side of the garage. Luckily, we can move around and access everything inside with the slides in, so not really a big deal.
Leaving on time is part of being punctual too.
On one hand, I agree. But do you not remember being 15? He's not a child. He's less than a year away from being able to drive and probably having a job. Yes, the blame here lies squarely on the mother and her influence, but it's not like he doesn't understand the words he used.
&gt; I would certainly never cheat on her. &gt; I never thought she’d lump me together with them. This is why it's fairly standard advice around here to end your friendships with cheaters. People just assume you act like your friends, even if you don't. You can be friends with someone who is opposite from you in every way, but there are lots of people out there who just don't understand that. Your wife is one of them.
I got my DD214 six years ago. You know the best part about the arbitrary stupidity in a civilian company? You can just... leave. You can get up and walk out the door any time, and the absolute worst thing they can do to you is fire you. Also you get paid a lot more to put up with it, including overtime if you're hourly.
The distance doesn't matter? Go to Zippel Bay State Park.
Right, which makes his wife's point of view even more absurd, yet still common. I work directly with people whose views, opinions, and actions I detest. We can still be professional coworkers.
While state parks often don't allow alcohol, in practice it's more like they "don't allow alcohol." Basically, don't get too drunk / belligerent / loud, and nobody will be bothered to check if you brought a case of beer.
You're being downvoted because it sounds like you don't value or appreciate other peoples' time. Just FYI.
You've already had a couple people mention the nuclear Navy. I figured I'd throw in some details. I joined the Navy right after high school. I had absolutely no idea what I wanted to do; I just wanted to avoid student debt and make as much money as I could. And of course, after I took the ASVAB, the recruiter showed me the bonus for signing up as a nuclear technician. At the time (2007), it was $12k, and that was more money than my 18-year old eyes had ever seen. I signed up immediately. My dad told me the military doesn't offer money for free, and I ignored him like an 18 year old idiot. But let's ignore that. The bonus is now $40k. Why? Because the nuclear field in the Navy is chronically and severely undermanned. You will spend extremely long hours at the school house learning how to operate a nuclear reactor. 8 hours of classes, followed by any number of required study hours, up to 40 more per week, with no extra pay. Then you'll spend extremely long hours actually doing your job on an aircraft carrier or submarine. You'll probably be doing the job of 2-3 people for your whole enlistment, on top of any other random collateral duties. You'll be a highly-paid janitor who gets to touch the controls of a nuclear engineroom. But let's back up a step. Why is the field so undermanned in the first place? Because the military steadfastly refuses to increase pay by more than a meager 1-2% per year. With Navy nuclear experience on your resume, you can make six figures easily if you're willing to move to where the jobs are. You don't have to stay in nuclear operations either, I certainly didn't. I work at a company that oversees the electric grid as a whole, and I control when generators come on and off, how much power they produce, who is selling power to who, and when, and multiple other things to keep the lights on across about 1/5 of the country. It's almost entirely automated, and I spend the vast majority of my workday right here on reddit, and I'll bring home $140k this year after overtime. So as you can see, if you're any good at being a Navy nuke, you'll get out ASAP and roll right into a cushy civilian job in an air conditioned building. If you suck at being a nuke and don't think you'll make it in the civ world, don't worry, you can re-enlist for a *huge* bonus and stay in to put on Chief (E-7). Anyway, to answer your question, that's how I did it. I support a SAHM wife and two kids on a single income, and I'll be retiring before I'm 45. Very few people, even on *this* sub, can say that. I highly recommend this route, just be aware that you're going to hate me for six years if you listen to my advice.
I'm not sure about that. I think a lot of people who just have that number instantly have been forced to "show their work" over and over and over in math classes, even if there isn't any to show. "This is what's happening in my head" is just something we've been conditioned to describe.
&gt; We are very very sexually compatible. I just don’t know how long it would take to find a woman that was like her in bed if I had wanted to sleep around. Hey, I had a bunch of partners before I met my wife, and I just want to confirm for you that this is true. Sex is an extremely important part of a relationship, and if you find someone who is enthusiastic and wants it at the same frequency you do, don't let that go.
Not every child is planned.
He ate, on average, 5 cans of spam every 4 months, for 20 years.
Me, personally? Retirement. If you have enough income to be comfortable owning a house and raising children, then you have enough income to be saving and investing some of it. The more you save and invest, the sooner you can leave the daily grind behind. Have you ever checked out /r/financialindependence?
I haven't scrolled very far in this thread yet, but I bet half of it wasn't even eaten.
Yep. If you're the only person onboard qualified to repair something and it breaks, you'll be awake until it's fixed. I spent 38 hours awake fixing an oxygen generator that way once.
Up until about day 3 of your first underway, submarines are the coolest machines in the world. Day 3 is when it sets in that you're not going to be going to test depth very often, or shooting torpedos, or cool [emergency blows](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOqalX5FJ2c). It's when you realize every time you wake up is going to be groundhog day without seeing the sun.
E-div.
If she can make that determination that far in advance, it sounds like she's not interested in you anymore.
It would have made a lot more sense if they had bought an older, cheaper RV. As it is, they spent almost as much as their house was worth, canceling any savings they could have had there.
The BBB is Yelp for boomers. I wouldn't bother.
Former sailor here, I can confirm having your elbows on the table really helps when you're trying to eat and the ship is rocking. Of course it's much easier to just turn the ship perpendicular to the waves during mealtimes, but navigation will never take that kind of advice from the engineroom, so elbows on the table it is, then.
There it is.
You must not be a white collar office worker. I work about an hour a day but have to be in my office for eight.
I was harassed like this by a librarian. This response is what I wish my parents would have done. Instead, I got the standard boomer logic: I must have done something to deserve her hate. It's just one of the many reasons I don't talk to my parents anymore as an adult.
I track my spending, but I don't plan out how I'll spend in the future.
Because this is a stereotype that most people have experienced, but personal anecdotes are removed per comment rule 3.
You're not wrong, but that "burn it all down; it has to get worse before it gets better" mentality is how we ended up with Trump.
That's not true for every job in the military. I used to operate a nuclear engineroom in the Navy. Officers, especially brand new ones, are not infallible. Sometimes obeying without question would get everyone on your ship killed.
People from Wisconsin don't really care about Spotted Cow. It's a decent beer, but not even the best beer New Glarus makes, let alone the state of WI. The people who really go nuts over Spotted Cow are from Illinois and Iowa, where it's not distributed.
There's not much you *can* do, honestly. Your dad has to come to the realization that he's made his own bed to lie in, or he's not going to change. Once he's realized that, you can have a real conversation moving forward. You may be waiting for decades. I'm in my 30s and my dad is still the same way.
He's venting anonymously to the internet about what are, objectively, dumb ideas. He even mentions he won't speak that way to her face.
They're not too different than the death to Muslims chants we heard from the US in late 2001/2002. The common people never want war. They're whipped into a froth by the media.
Mature people have a full spectrum of feelings.
Half a million? No. But you can pay less than half of that if you just move to a more reasonably priced area.
$35k is not a cheap base model gas car.
Sarcasm and complaining are free though. You're good.
Are you assuming there are no jobs at all where houses cost a reasonable amount? Or are you experiencing Stockholm Syndrome at your place of employment?
I know what you meant. Moving is expensive. On the other hand, limiting yourself to one tiny geographical area because you're unwilling to move is probably *more* expensive in the long run.
I'm pretty sure it's more of a willpower issue for most people, honestly. I used to be in the military, and one thing I noticed is when people get out, they often try to move back home to be near mom and dad. Even if that area isn't economically viable and there aren't any good jobs there. Even if they *just* watched someone else get out and find a lucrative job in a big city. Most people just fundamentally hate change.
Most industries are centered around big cities now. No, you're generally not going to find a lucrative job in the middle of nowhere, of course not. But there are a few metro areas where you can still make great money and live in a reasonable house in the suburbs. For example, in my industry you can find jobs in Minneapolis/St. Paul that pay the same or more as those same jobs in Seattle, but you can buy a house for 1/3 the price. The downside? the weather. "The cold keeps the riff raff out" is what they say here. Personally, I'd rather be a little cold for a few months a year than pay more than 50% of my income towards housing. But that's just me.
That's completely valid. Most people are willing to pay a higher price for housing in a nicer climate and in a city with more to do. But the basic rules of supply and demand describe why your home prices and rents are so high. * Good, lucrative jobs * Cheap housing * Good climate You can usually only pick two of those. You picked 1 and 3, I picked 1 and 2.
I think none of the people suggesting do your own shopping have ever lived with other people.
&gt; It’s about the specific use of the word “dumb” in reference to his wife**'s action of repeatedly, wastefully buying him things he won't use.** The truth is never disrespectful, no matter how you try to spin it.
Navy dude here. I'm pretty sure that's why draftees go into the Army. I was a submariner, and there's no way in hell I'd want to be hundreds of feet underwater trapped in a metal tube with someone who didn't volunteer to be there.
I've yet to find a job that doesn't feel this way, and I make six figures. It doesn't really get better just because you get paid more.
Depends on the company. Some companies make you work overtime without paying you every single week. Some never do. &gt; And do you ever have the ability to do an 80 hour week then take a week off? That request will get you laughed out of most manager's offices.
What if that starts from day 1?
You're supposed to be debriefed? I just got my DD-214 and got off base as fast as I could.
You don't immediately lose respect for someone who treats you like a child?
Hey, serious question. I was in the Navy, and I can't think of a single instance where yelling was actually a good way to handle the situation. I was under the impression that the Air Force was more professional and businesslike, what are your SNCOs yelling about? The only times I was yelled at were when I was right, the yeller was wrong, and they knew it.
Bouncin' in the club where the heat is on
A few years ago, I found a [road trip map that will keep you in 70°F weather year round.](https://www.citylab.com/environment/2015/10/a-13235-mile-road-trip-for-70-degree-weather-every-day/411406/) I would probably start with something like that and modify it to go to parks near the route. Where it has you traveling through SD/NE/KS/OK in Sept-Nov, I would replace that with going through NV/UT/CO/AZ. Of the national parks I've been to near that route, early June is a nice time to go to Voyageurs (but it might still be a little chilly), late July/early August is *the best* time to go to Olympic/Crater Lake, and mid-September sounds like a great time to go to Yellowstone/Grand Tetons.
The purpose of working is to earn an income. I don't really care what I do, as long as I get paid. Are you saying I've been depressed my entire life? I just hate working for other people and receiving almost none of the profits I'm directly responsible for creating.
It's a method of control. If you're fired or quit with universal healthcare, you can just go find a new job and you don't have to worry about medical costs. If you're fired or quit in the American system, you have to pay the whole rate your employer paid into COBRA, or go without healthcare. For some people whose family members have chronic illnesses, this could mean death. Be a yes-man in my company, or your child dies.
I doubt very many individual executives think the way I've presented it. Definitely no companies admit it. But if healthcare was suddenly divorced from the workplace, you'd see a massive wave of retirements first. Then you'd see people leave who want to start their own businesses, but can't afford to due to insurance costs. If you don't hire someone soon to replace them, you'll overwork the ones who remain until they quit too. No business wants to do that, especially with how much supply and demand is going to drive up wages. It's just easier to use the stick than the carrot.
The good germs like legionella? No thanks.
Because Iran is about as politically divided as the US is. He was loved by some people in his country. His death was celebrated by some other people in his country. Just like politicians and public figures here in the US.
Subaru makes pressure washers!
No, not really. I'm probably one of the most common sizes for clothes, so whenever I'm looking on a rack, everything in my size is out of stock. At 5'10, I typically wear a large or medium shirt and 34/30 pants. Those are always gone first.
Is it normal for 5-year-olds to wear belts where you come from? I don't think I've ever seen that before.
The real money in weather forecasting isn't for the news. It's for companies that make money based on weather patterns. For example, if you're a power company and you own a lot of wind turbines, you want to pay top dollar to have the best meteorologist who can predict wind patterns around the electric grid. I used to work in such a company. The daily report from our weatherman was more accurate than the news 99% of the time.
Teachers usually have a reasonable amount of common sense, but the ones who get promoted into administration tend to have the least of the bunch.
I actually do enjoy what I do. But I hate being told where to be and when to be there. I hate that my work week leaves me almost zero free time to spend with my family. I hate having to go to work before the sun rises and go home after it sets.
If a bathroom door is closed, why wouldn't you assume someone is in there? WTF.
Illegals is not a noun. Illegal what?
Oh, I'm not surprised. I'm just tired of seeing it normalized and I'm going to start leaving that comment every time I see the word "illegals."
When your son and/or wife are uncomfortable with it. There's nothing to hide about a naked body. You have one under your clothes right now.
&gt; I was expected to 'finish my work,' regardless of time That's not even possible. There will *always* be more work to do.
I don't understand your problem. You're getting paid, right?
Why do kids tattle on the playground? Because they think the adults will praise them for it. Fairly normal. But what else do tattletales get out of it? They want to see the authority punish the "offender." It's a perverse joy that comes from a lack of empathy. That's why on the playground, "snitches get stitches." It sounds like your coworker never got the message as a kid.
Because your employer will take your automated tool from you and kick you to the curb. Why would they continue to pay you when your job is being done by a computer? The right answer would have been to automate your job, but keep that secret to yourself and pretend you're still doing the work manually.
I'm deeply passionate about obtaining currency to trade for goods and services.
How is he lazy if the assigned tasks he is paid to do are completed early?
Where does it show that OP would get paid more if he put in more effort? I haven't found that the extra money (if there is any) is ever equivalent to the extra effort. Even in your own example, you didn't say 80% for 400% pay, you said 300%. That's a bad business decision. 20% for 100% pay, all the way.
Yes, I am. And I make six figures. Make of that what you will.
He dies in battle, and if they're married, she gets $400k.
For what it's worth, I agree with everything you said. On the other hand, "Time is money" is another phrase that's lost on a lot of people. You can always find a way to make some money, but time is a resource you can never get back once it's gone. In that way, time is actually more scarce and valuable than money. Many people in their early 20s work themselves to burnout trying to impress a manager who will just pile on more work with no increase in compensation. I used to be that kid. I watched it happen to my peers, and as I've gotten a little older, I've watched it happen over and over to the newest members of every organization I've ever worked for. Public and private, for profit and non-profit. I've known a whole lot of people in my life. The happiest and most content have always been those who do exactly what is required of them at work, and no more. Those who clock out exactly on time, every day. Those who refuse to answer emails or phone calls after hours. Life is too short to waste it all working.
So, people? At least you admit it.
It's extremely corrosive and an excellent solvent. I'm not sure why you'd want that in your body.
Do you know what the military does with its sewage when deployed to the desert?
That mofo always comes by *right* as I'm done shoveling and putting everything away too.
You joke, but 4am is a good time to get up and get the smoker going if you want a brisket for dinner.
The tanooki suit isn't just a fur suit. It can turn Mario into an immovable but invincible statue temporarily.
Most kids aren't that expensive either unless you have a really cheap house or put them in daycare.
&gt; it being only about 40 degrees F If it was that warm, I think I'd go put on some shorts. Don't mind me, I'm from Minnesota. The human body can handle a massive range of temperatures. Honestly, in your scenario (going from a heated store to a heated car), I'm probably good without a coat all the way down to 10F. It's not like you were going to stay outside for hours.
I trust the Pentagon more than I trust the White House. That's not saying much though.
I'm not sure what you're talking about; the economy isn't doing so hot right now. The markets are up, but that's about it.
Those are the reasons most people join, and they have been for a while.
Really? The dude is 31.
Yes it does, just not on the timescale we're talking about here.
I work nights and I just woke up. I'll find some good sources for you in a little bit, but the first few things to come to mind are the number of people who have at least $400 saved for an emergency, and the general trend in auto loans: fewer are being taken out by the overall public, and in general the terms are increasing over time because people are less and less able to afford a more traditional term. The number of people who can no longer afford the typical middle class American life due to student/medical debt or underemployment is rising. That's far more important than the stock market, which in most Americans' lives, only appears as a number in the evening news. Low unemployment numbers don't really mean anything if poeples' jobs don't pay enough.
Put some respeck on Cortez Kennedy's name. By the way, fuck you too.
Everyone knew a kid like this growing up. It's pretty normal, and your son's friends will eventually get sick of it and not want to do things with him anymore. That's when he'll learn, but probably not before.
$40k to risk getting shot? Yep, that's pretty bad.
I wonder how it must feel to be sacked by a guy with only one hand.
The way their defense is looking, definitely.
The refs and the networks are really pushing for a Green Bay / Kansas City superbowl rematch for the 100th season.
It works on immature and insecure men. If that's the kind of man you're looking for, then by all means, go for it.
&gt; You are now paid 50 cents hourly extra for every year you have spent working for a company as a raise. 50¢ x 5 years = $2.50/hr $2.50/hr x 2080hrs/yr = an extra $5200 per year &gt; How much on top of your normal hourly raise are you making? Over the past five years, I've averaged a 4.3% raise per year. If I got exactly that this year, it still would more than double it. That's a depressing thought considering how much I make. &gt; Would this increase help you in any way? Not in the short term. An extra $150 per paycheck doesn't go as far as you think it does. &gt; What would you be able to do now with the pay increase? It'll go into savings or investment for retirement. &gt; Would you work more, the same or less? The same. I don't get to choose my schedule. &gt; Do you think this would be a good idea for longer term? Do I think I should be paid more? Of course I do. What kind of moron would say no to that? &gt; Do you think it would be for only certain individuals, or for the whole company? I'm not sure what you mean. Everyone who works for a living should be paid more. &gt; Do you think it would be good or bad for the economy? It would be fantastic for the economy. Most people would spend it right away.
Sure. But If I pay $8 for one plate of food at a casual place, and I pay $50 for *exactly one plate* of food at a more upscale place, the waiter does the exact same amount of work.
I'm not going to try to tell you what to do with your money, but if you saved and invested half of that income, you could retire before you're 40 and then *nobody* would have to work. Maybe show your GF /r/financialindependence?
And a legit 400 lbs.
&gt; Flawless, Exemplary, or Ideal This is why language is interesting. To me, perfect and flawless are exact synonyms and can be used interchangeably. Exemplary and ideal are both less than perfect, because perfection is generally either impossible or close to it. A good example or something to shoot for aren't necessarily perfection.
Your source actually detracts from your credibility. 3000 miles is one road trip from the Midwest to the Pacific ocean and back.
Because it just wouldn't be Seahawks/Packers playoff football without something like this happening at the very end. We're used to it. If the teams in the scenario were reversed, the Packer fans would probably say the same.
First half: Establish the punt. Second half: Maybe let's see what happens if we let Wilson loose? Standard Seahawks football. Nothing to see here.
I thought someone on the production team had fucked it up, and was fixing it. Someone has to type in the number somewhere for the software to place the line correctly, I assumed there was a typo.
Prohibition was ended in 1933, but we couldn't even figure out how to sell alcohol on all days of the week until 2017, and we still can't buy it in stores where they sell all the other groceries you're shopping for. I wouldn't bet on MN being next.
Everything is cool when you're part of a team.
Not for OP. He'll be gone before anyone shows up.
And you might be right. I'm just saying I wouldn't bet on it.
The company considers your PTO part of your compensation. Not using all of it is leaving money on the table.
What if you don't have an instagram? That's ridiculous.
The only reason I work is so my family can eat, sleep in our own beds, and go to the doctor. My dreams and ambitions have absolutely nothing to do with my employment.
&gt; If you finish ahead of schedule, let me know, and I'll give you something else to do. That's fine if the pay matches the workload. But usually it doesn't.
I'm pretty sure most people are expecting to do the job they were hired for. For example, I (individual contributor) have absolutely no problems going above and beyond, once it's been solidly proven by management that those actions will be rewarded. All I'm saying is, anecdotally, I've never seen this pan out. I'm selling you my labor. Why would I purposefully devalue it by giving you more for the same price?
How are you paid (salary/hourly)? Is this event on the clock? Did anyone say it is mandatory?
No, no. You have to let the other team score for the first half, *then* go collect your points.
When else do you expect to score them? Not the first half, that's for relaxing on the bench and establishing the punt.
Crabs in a bucket.
How many interviews do you think he's going to get that travel is going to be difficult?
&gt; [T]his sounds like an extreme case that's not indicative of what normal behavior is for ANYONE. And yet so many people have had this (paraphrased) conversation before.
Answering a "yes or no" question with an answer that does not include the word "yes" or the word "no."
&gt; For instance, this morning, she wanted to wear a sweatshirt over the two items of clothing she already had. I told her it wasn't a good idea. Suggested she just keep her t-shirt and long sleeve shirt she had on. I felt the beginning of a tantrum and decided..I'm not going to deal with this right now..just let her have her sweatshirt. She puts it on. You gave in. She knows she can get you to let her do whatever she wants by having tantrums. &gt; Fast forward 5 minutes later..bus is waiting outside. She puts on her jacket and now she doesn't want her sweatshirt on anymore. She makes this decision as she's going down the stairs with jacket and backpack on. She never wanted the sweatshirt in the first place. She put it on specifically because you suggested not to, instead of giving her a firm "no" and just letting her throw a fit. &gt; I plead with her..please...just take it off at school/on the bus. Nope...she won't do that..melt down begins..sits on the stairs..starts stomping and whining. I beg, please..just get on the bus..nope. A sit in ensues. And here is the natural conclusion. Because you let her walk all over you, she knows you'll give in *again* because it's easier. At this point, you should have told her to keep it on. Some kids just need more structure and rules than others. *You* are the parent, *you* make the rules, *you* make the decisions, *you* stick with them. My 6 year old tries to do the exact same stuff, and I just ignore it and go about my day. "I can't understand you when you're whining" is a common phrase in my house.
When I was a kid, I had a teacher who didn't let me go to the bathroom, so I peed in her trash can. Her policy was changed the very next day. As an adult, I've told my kids that if any adult tries to prevent them going to the bathroom, and the *actually* have to go, that they can ignore the adult and go. I will have their back against the teacher and the school if it comes to it.
People are strongly biased to believe that past performance is correlated with future performance, even when the two situations are wildly different.
What purpose do you think a face to face interview serves? It's an antiquated process, especially if you're from out of town (and the company needs you to travel for the interview), or you're going to be a remote worker.
Why do you specifically want minimum wage?
Ok, what I'm getting at here is, *how* do you think a face to face provides a better evaluation of a potential employee? This is for an engineering role, will you be talking to clients in person?
That presents a conundrum though. I can't root for the Packers either.
&gt; It ~~Is Beginning to~~ **Does** Look Like the U.S. Has a Corruption Problem **(and Has For a While)**, Not Ukraine FTFY.
If you have a guaranteed income coming in, you won't feel as pressured to take just any job that's available to pay the bills.
Have you considered reporting her to the US Postal Inspection Service? Opening mail that's not addressed to you is a federal crime, and the USPIS takes it very seriously.
When you've finished paying off an auto loan, you now own a car, free and clear. When you're finished paying a lease, you give back the car and walk away with $0.
I'm just saying there's no need to limit yourself. Even if you have no experience or education, if you're willing to do something other people are not, you'll make more than minimum wage.
&gt; I would think that would help stop people from failing How much extra studying do you really think people do when you have a full-time job worth of attending class and almost another full-time job worth of mandatory hours? When you have zero free time, you're not going to be motivated to study. It's a way to fail out the lower-performing students faster.
Yes. And furthermore, I would recommend you stay where you are, finish your degree, *then* move to be with him. Why? The Navy will make him live in a barracks room until he puts on E-5 or gets married.
Let's say that, for example, a company offers to pay you half of what you were expecting for the role. The hiring manager only has so much leeway with the budget for a new hire, and doubling what they're expecting to pay is going to be a non-starter. All I'm saying is OP shouldn't stop looking for a job.
&gt; they don't want OP to fall in love with the PAY versus the JOB. Good pay makes a miserable job bearable. Bad pay makes a great job miserable.
I was thinking that too for the exact opposite reason. In Texas, an hour away is "just down the road." A whole lot of people in the Houston area have hour+ commutes. But then again, I moved away from there and wouldn't give up my 20 minute commute for anything except a smaller one now.
Right? Holy hell. If we got an Excellent on our PFA we didn't even have to show up to group PT at all. This was in '08 though. Fuck running a 5k every week.
Not to take credit from the horse, but that car also isn't very heavy.
He just described my retirement plan. If I lived somewhere like that now, there probably wouldn't be any jobs nearby that would pay enough for me to live there. But one day I'll have enough saved and invested that I won't have to work anymore, and then this will be me.
Hey, me too. Have you ever checked out /r/financialindependence? [This article by Mr. Money Mustache](https://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/) is what started me down this road. I can't fathom why anyone would work a day longer than they have to.
And you don't "need" your company, in the exact same way. There are hundreds of companies to pick from and you can quit at any moment for any reason.
When my daughter was in the NICU, one of the other babies in there had the intestinal version, gastroschisis. It's just insanity to think about, but he made it.
The problem is that the other guy there works as much as you *think* I do. So everything you say to me, should apply to him too. Yes, I'm extremely well compensated for the time I put in. I wouldn't do it if I wasn't. But it's a shitty two-sided coin. I barely ever get to see my family. I accepted this job and this career path because money buys freedom. What most people who work as much as I do come to understand is, money can never buy back time.
We could try not spending so much on the military industrial complex maybe. How come nobody ever asks how we're going to pay for that?
Right, but that's not the case anymore. The Electoral College is obsolete and unnecessary now.
Violating the law of conservation of mass? You son of a bitch, I'm in.
This scenario is one of a few that makes me advocate against using a 529. How do you know your kids are going to go to college? ~~What if they get a full ride scholarship?~~ What if they join the military instead? What if you get stuck in OP's shoes? What if college becomes free between when your child is born and when they decide to go? Especially if you only have one kid, because then you're stuck with a tax penalty if you want to use **your** money.
&gt; they don't spend game nights talking about personal issues or anything much beyond what game they're playing. The main things they seem to care about David are his taste in games and whether he'll show up when he says he will. That is how male relationships work. I can spend hours hanging out with my friends and never talk about a single personal thing. The conversation is focused on the activity that brings us together. What they do in their relationships is absolutely none of my business.
We eat pretty healthy almost every day. We cook most of our own meals at home, typically stay out of the junk food aisles in the grocery store, and almost never drink soda. So when I have a party, I'm going to serve some delicious, unhealthy stuff. I know this about myself as an adult, so I'm not going to deprive my children of the same indulgence. Yep, I'm going to have chips and a whole tray of unhealthy dips, tons of fried stuff, and lots of beer at my superbowl party. Why can't my kids have candy, cake, and soda for their birthday? We only do these kinds of things a few times a year. I would never be offended if someone wanted to bring a healthier option to a party of mine.
I don't think we're talking about kids that young, but if we were, I'd agree. There's no reason to ever give a one year old a soda. But a school age kid? Once in a blue moon isn't going to hurt them.
Well, that and forcing your kids to finish their whole plate of food every night and not understanding portion control.
&gt; He has struggled over the years with defiance, motivation, attentiveness and reliability. Those are perfectly normal teenage traits. The job market for young adults is atrocious. Everyone knows someone who got a better job than they probably should have due to nepotism. Unfortunately, this is the system we have, and you have to work within it. I would have no problem vouching for his reliability.
That sounds pretty reasonable. Even if his ex was never associated with the military, your husband's kid *is* eligible for USAA membership. Yes, YTA.
I'm neither a neckbeard nor a teenager, but I am an American man who has lived about 10 years in Europe. I completely agree if it's some mall ninja shit. But if someone bought me a real sword, I would absolutely hang it up on display it over my mantle.
The D part, specifically? That sounds a lot like the theater dressing rooms from my high school in Delaware.
I mean, it's not really that much different now. Adoptions can cost tens of thousands of dollars. That money went to the family who probably needed it back then, while today, it goes to an adoption agency who acts as a middleman and inflates the price. But in the end, you're still just paying for a baby.
Not always, bud. If you're on a ballistic missile submarine, you leave port and do circles in the water for a few months, then come home. No port calls. On the other hand, when the other crew takes the boat out, you just work in an office for a few months doing pretty much nothing.
Most.
And you can make the E3 work as much overtime as you want.
&gt; Technically can't drive your car without a signed inspection from an NCO. That's got to be an Army or Marine thing. My dad never had to do that in the AF, and I never had to in the Navy.
Man, that's some crazy shit, right? I was a nuke too, and you can just tell when a nuke specifically is venting about their experiences. I was one of those underwater types though, so I thought his rack sounded pretty spacious.
I moved around a lot as a kid, and I find this hilarious. In Delaware, DMV stands for Delaware, Maryland, Virginia. Because DC is inside that area and doesn't need an extra mention. But in DC, you guys exclude Delaware entirely.
Of course not, that's why the minimum age to enlist is so young. The military *wants* and *actively recruits* testosterone-filled high school seniors who think their dads are idiots. I was one of those. My dad was too. I won't be surprised if my kids are the same.
Fair enough. I'd also like to include that, anecdotally, that's how every male-male friendship I've ever witnessed has functioned. And as a fellow male, I've witnessed and been part of a lot of them, at multiple stages of life and maturity, in several countries. Enough anecdotes together make data. There is enough data here for me to say that most male relationships in first world western nations function this way.
Why not both? I left active duty for a whole host of reasons, but I'd get back in if the Space Force Reserves were a thing.
The real problem is that the rules themselves are unjust, and those who have not been incarcerated are less likely to vote for politicians who will fix them.
To me, business casual means a polo shirt and khakis. If I had no idea what a company is expecting and they *just* told me Business Casual, I would wear a tucked in button up shirt, ironed khakis, a nice belt, and leather shoes on my first day. At least until you get the picture of what everyone else is wearing. Then after that, I would probably revert to untucked polo shirt and khakis in a non-customer-facing role. If everyone else there is wearing t-shirts and jeans, go with that, but probably not your first day.
If you can't get past the fact that an anecdote is: &gt; a short amusing or interesting story about **a** real incident or person or the fact that I have many of those such stories and experiences, I'm not sure how to help you. We're not using this as the basis for scientific research. Nobody is publishing anything, and after this thread is long dead and buried, nobody will care. We're anonymously arguing on the internet.
It really depends on the atmosphere of the company, and to some extent, where that company is located. East coast? You're right, that's not going to fly. West coast? Possibly. Get a feel for the company first, and if it's a fancy athletic wear type one (North Face, Patagonia, Columbia, etc) you'll probably fit right in. Upper Midwest? If it's wintertime, sometimes anything goes as long as it's biz casual underneath. I often wear a zip up, non graphic hoodie over top of my polo shirt and khakis, but i'm in a non-customer-facing role.
You just described every workplace.
Many companies don't give enough paid time off, so taking an unpaid day off after you've exhausted all of your paid time off sounds perfectly reasonable and logical to me. Most people don't do it because they can't afford it. The worker isn't working, so the company isn't paying for the time. That sounds fair. But that's not how the working culture in the US works.
&gt; how do you or did you survive the grind? I came to the conclusion a long time ago that I just hate the very act of working for someone else. I love what I do, but I hate being told where to be, when to be there, how long to be there, and how to do what I have years of experience doing. My solution is to just chase money. Go after the job that pays the absolute most, relocate if you need to to a cheaper cost-of-living area, never stop looking for a job that pays more, and eventually retire early (I'm talking early 40s, not 65+). I'm never going to find a job I actually enjoy, so I want to get out of the rat race as soon as I can. [Here's the article](https://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/) that originally pointed me towards this path. I'd also recommend you check out /r/financialindependence.
Why not? If they walk you out immediately, most companies will still pay you as if you worked your final two weeks. There's nothing wrong with a little vacation between jobs.
My condolences.
I like to do a Marshawn Lynch hold-my-nuts move, but that's just me.
Did this happen today?
If changing lanes is actually a hassle, you probably shouldn't be driving. It's a basic skill.
They would rather you rear-end them. You'd be at fault on the police report that way.
Increasing revenue would actually be very easy. Make everyone earning more than [$137,700](https://www.ssa.gov/planners/maxtax.html) per year pay the same percentage into SS as everyone else. I say that as someone who made more than that, and would gladly pay more.
&gt; anti work people fundamentally believe work = slavery. You're making a generalized assumption about a lot of people. I know that work is not inherently slavery. I am well compensated for my time, actually. I even thoroughly enjoy what I do. But I hate being told where to be, when to be there, how long to be there, and how to do what I have years of experience doing. I hate the very act of working itself and the culture surrounding it. But I understand it's necessary. Jobs need to be done, and people have bills to pay. It's a two way street. Most people are simply not paid enough and/or work too many hours, yet are stuck in traps of poverty and debt.
Exactly. So if you're in an accident, wouldn't you prefer to be the one rear-ended, rather than the one doing the rear-ending? The other driver feels the same.
Working for other people isn't a naturally occurring phenomenon. All I'm saying is, just because you don't want to work, even if you have no reason for feeling this way, doesn't automatically make you lazy.
You could make that argument, and I thoroughly understand why you would. How you see work and how I see work are only subtly different. You see slavery, I see indentured servitude. When I reach the end of my sentence (retirement), I have no plans on indenturing others (starting a company with the capital). I'm going to wander off into the sunset and leave the working world behind. Where you see no hope for the future, I see one that's at least worth trying for. I'd rather try and fail than never try at all. To answer your overall question: If I didn't think I could provide my children with a better existence than the one I currently lead, I would not have had them. But I think I can, so I did.
It's a better one than trying to control what other people do with their own genitals.
Yep, it's prime boomer humor.
Good ol' plausible deniability.
You didn't have a screwdriver?
He wants things to stay the way things are, and he's said so many times. If that's not the *definition* of conservative, I don't know what is. Maybe he's not a member of our conservative party, but our conservative (R) party has gone off the rails into fascism.
That's where i found my ID badge for work once.
Here's a simplified breakdown of the question and answer: Q: Do you think slightly better working hours are possible? A: I actually think we can do even better than you suggest.
4x6=24. I agree it's ambiguous, and there's no way to really tell what she meant. But I agree with some others here too, we should push for 4x6, then let the conservatives and capitalists "negotiate and settle on" 4x8 or 5x6. Both are better than what we have now. We can keep pushing later, when people start waking up to the fact that your life doesn't have to revolve around work. It'll be a long, hard battle because people have been conditioned their entire lives that 5x8 is somehow the only way society can function. Some of these people, unfortunately, have to die before change can come.
Not everyone "decides" to have a baby.
So if a man wants an abortion, but a woman does not, did the man decide to have a baby?
Right, I'm just refuting the fact you stated. &gt; Everyone decides to have a baby. No, everyone does not. This fact is lost on most people who have not been in this situation, or its opposite, before.
During the regular season, I often have a game on in the background while I do other stuff. When the announcers get excited I look back at the TV and watch the big play, so I appreciate it. I get what you mean if you're just sitting on the couch watching though.
The most I was ever on was 15-2. The amount of homework and studying I actually needed to do never filled up the time requirement. I wasted a lot of hours in that building staring at the wall, burnt out after putting in a good faith effort studying for hours. It's demoralizing. I honestly can't imagine what 35s are like. That's usually what they have you on right before you fail out.
Was it though? Prior to that year, nobody really cared about the Seahawks. The bandwagoning wasn't even that bad until *after* the Superbowl win.
I'm with you. Just because our kids coincidentally are the same age doesn't mean we have to hang out. I'm just not a fan of people in general, and human beings don't magically get better when they have children. If anything we usually get worse.
It sounds like he just wanted a moderate level of activity. There's nothing wrong with that. It's pretty common to see people give the advice that kids should be *forced* to do at least one after school activity. I don't agree with that one, personally, but one or two things a week (if they want them) isn't too bad
There's a time for both. If I'm sitting on a beach, I'm going with the fruity drink served in a coconut. If it's a cold winter day and I'm sitting by a fire, I like a nice peaty scotch.
Oaths don't mean anything to these people. Why are we still suggesting this?
I'm married now, but when I was dating, it went a little like this: &gt; I've watched some of my friends' and coworkers marriages fall into a dark place or divorce over lack of sex. I like sex, and I'm looking for someone who likes sex as much as I do. If a woman wants to sleep with me on the first date, there's a pretty good chance she likes sex as much as me. The result? I got together with a woman who wanted to have sex with me ASAP. Literally the very first opportunity we could, we did. We've been married almost nine years, we have two kids, and we still have sex at least 3x a week. It's all about priorities. To answer your other question: &gt; Do you think she really likes you, or, how many other dudes has she let smash her on the first date? Obviously she likes me. I don't care how many other dudes have been there first, because I also have a high number (it would be hypocritical of me to care), and I plan on being the last.
/r/latestagecapitalism
I've been a working adult for 13 years, and I agree completely with OP. I hate not having the choice if what to do with my time. If I don't work, I can't pay my bills, provide a quality upbringing for my kids, or save for retirement. If I could quit right now and know those things would be taken care of indefinitely, I would immediately.
You sound very young. Let's say you're 36, you lose your virginity at 16, and slept with 10 people per year. That puts you at 200, and you stopped guessing there. I hope you don't have to date in your 40s.
It looks to me that you must have done something to piss her off on Christmas morning (or the night before), and that she has absolutely zero adult communication skills. She was probably expecting you to do something, and you didn't do it because you couldn't read her mind. Whether you leave is ultimately up to you, but I'd expect more of this to come.
Most Americans looked at each other and said "Who cares?" There's just a minority of prudish people who have all the social and political power in the US.
Most American companies don't offer enough PTO, so most Americans come to work sick. The virus has about a 14 day incubation period with no symptoms. Imagine someone in a fast food role, not allowed to take a sick day and just spreading this disease to people who will then take it to work themselves. When it starts to spread here, it will be a wildfire.
The original cabinets were painted.
I also voted for Johnson in the general. I live in Minnesota, which was going to go solidly blue no matter what, just like California. Your individual vote and mine don't really matter. Now, if I had been living in a red or swing state, I would have held my nose and voted for Hillary.
&gt; it’s your responsibility to get in contact with the authorities and report it. No it isn't, she's a civilian. She has no responsibility here.
The last time MN went red for president was 1972. I wasn't concerned, and I turned out to be right.
Doesn't God guide the doctor's hand when they perform an abortion?
&gt; I don’t dislike my coworkers but I don’t like them either. So you work at a normal place of employment. Uh, congratulations? You get to trade your labor for cash in relative peace. You could have coworkers, subordinates, supervisors, directors, executives, etc, who want to talk to you all day, every day, and you can never get any work done. Or you could be in an open office where you can't get away from that racket no matter how hard you try. Or you could have those same people, but they hate your guts. Those situations come up pretty often here and over at /r/personalfinance.
Then graves are legitimately the best shift. Sleep in as late as you want. Do your shopping after work when nobody else is in the store. I love coming home and drinking a beer out on my front porch while my neighbors all go to work.
Trump got 304 electoral votes, Clinton got 227. If Minnesota had gone red, it would not have affected the outcome. Trump would still win with 314, and Clinton would still lose with 217.
Money talks, wealth whispers. I'd rather have a fat bank account than some overvalued rock. Trying to keep up with the Joneses will only make you miserable.
I go by Middlename Lastname. My work email is firstnamelastname@company.com. It's extremely confusing, but IT won't fix it. It makes it easy to tell who actually knows me though. There's also a guy who just refuses to stop calling me Firstname. He just reads my name on lists/reports/emails and we don't work in the same office, but it's still annoying.
&gt; They have no understanding of technique, seasoning, or flavor combinations. Minnesotan? You betcha.
I work with people who refuse to eat anything spicier than mayonnaise.
It's not worth wasting your time on someone who puts everything else ahead of you. Maybe she wants to get with you, maybe she doesn't. But have some self respect and move on.
They destroyed my interest in reading, unfortunately. From when I first learned to read, I have always loved it. I read every book I could get my hands on from age 5 to about 15. Fiction, nonfiction, library books, books from a store, I didn't care. Then around high school, the assigned reading started to become less fun and more of a chore. We were assigned certain chapters for homework and there was no point in working ahead, even if you were interested. We had to listen to the slowest members of the class read the book aloud, with all the fumbling and mumbling and not understanding all the words. I can't read along if you can't read aloud proficiently, and I don't want to read along anyway, I've already finished that section. I didn't really get back into reading for fun until I was in my mid 20s. By that time, working a full-time job and taking care of a household and kids sapped all of my free time and I didn't often have time to read for fun. Now, honestly, it's kind of a habit to choose other things over reading. 10-year-old me would hate me for that.
&gt; I think the worst part is that they get coddled the same way girls do until the age of 8 or so, then then all of a sudden are expected not to have feelings anymore. Hey, I just wanted to say thank you for recognizing that. I didn't think it happened to me until a little later, probably 16/17 or so, but looking back on it, you're right, it was when I was around 8.
The "stranger danger" epidemic was caused by the brand new 24-hour news cycle available on cable TV. Prior to channels like CNN, the news was only an hour or so at most, but when they went to 24 hours, they had to fill the time and bring in ratings. Nothing brings in ratings like a missing kid, even if that missing kid is on the other side of the country. Child abductions are typically done by someone the child knows, not a stranger, and that hasn't changed since we started keeping track.
Have you ever asked him why? I was the same as a kid. It was mostly because I was pretty far ahead of my peers academically and I found all the work pointless and boring. &gt; why should a school issue affect his home life This is a valid line of thinking. He's getting punished at the school, that should be enough. If you were written up at work, would you then go punish yourself more at home? What if you got pulled over in your car and got a ticket? Would you take away your own things and confine yourself to your bedroom? I wouldn't. Home is where you relax and recharge from the daily BS of life, whether that's school, work, or something else that you have to grind. &gt; I don’t think he needs punished he needs motivated to apply himself. He doesn't need motivation. Motivation disappears when you encounter a task you don't like. He needs discipline. That's the force that keeps you doing something you hate because there are no other options.
If you fuck up at work, you don't immediately get fired unless you work a minimum wage (or similar) job. If you're not easily replaceable, the most you get is a talking-to, maybe a write-up if your supervisor doesn't like you. That's what I'm referring to. I don't go home and beat myself up when that happens; I just figure out how to make it not happen again, like an adult. At 13, this kid has the ability to learn how to do that if someone just shows him why it's a good idea. The problem is he doesn't understand that school is his only good option. He has no reason to build that discipline, because he doesn't have the life experience to understand what happens to you if you don't finish your education. That was my problem too. I didn't care about school because I thought it was a pointless, meaningless waste of time. For the most part, I was correct. As an adult, I can look back on it and realize I was an still an idiot. Just because school was pointless and meaningless for *me*, I still had to jump through the stupid hoops and keep the grades up so I could graduate and not be stuck in a loop of poverty. If I had someone in my life who had shared that sentiment, my teenage years would have been a lot more bearable.
&gt; “Well, I won’t actually use this stuff when I’m older” The problem with this line of thinking is that it's true. Adults generally don't like admitting it's true (except to other adults). If I had an adult in my life who had said "Yep, you probably won't," I would have been a lot more likely to listen to what they had to say next.
I have to get up at 4:00am for work. Fuck everything about that, and I at least get a paycheck.
&gt; which is just preparing her for life Not true. I don't take any work home with me.
No need for a tin foil hat. Schools were designed to churn out obedient workers. It's a relic from 18th century Prussia.
When I was in elementary school, I pissed in a teacher's trash can because I needed to go and she wouldn't let me. The bathroom is a human right.
"Yes I can." Then go.
Why would you have to halt your lesson? Why do the kids have to ask? Treat them with respect and they won't interrupt you as they silently get up and go. Don't be surprised if a kid pisses in your trash can.
Fair doesn't mean anything if OP can't afford to pay.
Then you let the police into your car. That's a bad plan for a lot of people.
If you're not planning on taking out a loan or renting an apartment in the next several years, your credit score doesn't matter. Obviously this only applies to a few people.
I agree with reasonable choices and consequences, absolutely. The problem is the poor choice choice and the consequence need to be demonstrably correlated. "It's not fair that the school treats me like this, then I turn around and get punished more at home! I didn't do anything wrong at home!" was a thought I had *often*. This mirrors what OP is saying about his son: &gt; his point of view is why should a school issue affect his home life, so he doesn’t get the effect of the punishment just think we are being unfair. If nobody explains to him how his performance in school is somehow connected to his punishment at home, there's no logical connection there for him to figure it out on his own. The only thing you'll get back from a 13 year old is resentment.
I didn't take out any loans. Canceling student debt wouldn't affect me one bit. I still support it, because the point of having a government, or even a society, is to make peoples' lives better. If people have to go into debt for education or healthcare, what are we even defending with our massive military? It was even spelled out in the Declaration of Independence. Here, check it out: &gt; We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain **unalienable Rights**, that among these are Life, Liberty and the **pursuit of Happiness**. How can you afford to pursue happiness when you're chained down by debt?
Additionally, every single authority figure I can remember told me that college is the only way to go. "Go to college, it doesn't matter what you study as long as you get that paper, you'll have a better job!" If no other options are presented, kids believe they *have* to take these loans.
&gt; The next day I was off, he called me and said all his colleagues agreed it was unethical for me to leave on such short notice My response would have been: "Two weeks' notice was a professional courtesy to you. Your response to my professional courtesy moved my resignation date to right now. I no longer work for you, don't call me again. I'll be in to collect my things and my last paycheck on [next weekday]." And hang up.
My paycheck is based on me doing the tasks in my job description, for the time I am scheduled to be in the building. That's the bare minimum. Honestly, I have no problem with "going above and beyond" or "giving it my all" if there is something in it for me. In my experience, there's never anything to be gained. If I want a raise or promotion, it's much easier to just switch companies.
Anytime I hear someone say it would be unfair to the people who already paid off their loans, it reminds me of [this image](https://i.imgur.com/M4y3cfY.jpg). A society grows great when old men plant trees in whose shade they know they shall never sit.
What would be unfair to those with outstanding loans would be to make college free but not cancel the debt. I agree. Both need to happen.
It looks like shroos recently went extinct in Australia.
To be perfectly honest, I wouldn't mind A and B getting refunded either. But then the question is how far back do we need to go? What about A's dad, who paid $2 for the same thing 25 years ago? Why shouldn't he get a refund too? I think that's just limited by how much we want to budget for this.
Go check out /r/personalfinance. It's full of stories from people in your shoes plus a few years. What does your gf think will happen if you break up? Will you continue to own the house together as roommates? That will be awkward, especially when you start to date again. Will one of you have enough money to buy the other's portion? Probably not. So you'll have to sell it. What if we're in the middle of a recession and you're underwater on the house? Remember, people tend to lose their jobs during a recession, and financial problems are the number one cause of breakups and divorce. That's your worst case scenario, but it's also your most likely scenario. Unless, of course, you're 100% sure she's the one and you're going to be together until you die. In that case, why not just get married?
Watch, the message will be: If you own a refrigerator or a smartphone, you can afford it.
I know a white guy whose parents are from South Africa. He checks "African American" because it's technically correct.
My lawn is about 60% clover and I still have to mow regularly. The difference is when the clover gets tall it doesn't look nearly as bad as when grass gets tall, and there are nice little flowers.
In Germany, anyone over 18 can buy alcohol on base. My dad was stationed over there when I turned 18 in the early 2000s. I remember getting my ration card.
Only one game has ever ended with a score of 20-2. It was in 1937.
We did too once. Remember r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu and Can I Haz Cheezburger? They'll catch up.
One coat for dust. Two coats for rust.
Ok, I'm seriously considering covering some switch and outlet plates with contact paper now.
For an unfinished basement? Serious question, speaking as someone who enjoys learning how to do things on youtube and enjoys saving money: Why not do it yourself? There's no risk of getting shocked until you connect it to the breaker box, the very last step before you test everything out and put the covers on. There's no drywall to cut out of the way, and you have pretty much unlimited access to everything. 6 junction boxes, 6 outlets, and 6 covers will cost you about $20ish, and you need a spool of wire. I'd recommend trying it, and if you still feel over your head, then call the electrician.
I get it. Most people will tell you to shy away from electrical work, and it can sometimes be dangerous if you're not careful. I'm just saying that the clean slate you have to work with in an unfinished space is the perfect opportunity to learn. I just found this video by searching "[how to install new outlet youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziZA-bOFZl4)" into google. There are other ways to do some of the steps but this is a pretty good example.
&gt; I couldn't care less about other people's ________ unless they actually affect my ability to ________. Yep, that's pretty much the core tenet of libertarianism.
We would waste so much food if I didn't eat what my kids leave on their plates.
I just told my kids that every piece of pizza comes with a free breadstick. Now if you say, "Eat your pizza crust," they refuse and whine, but if you say "Eat your free breadstick," they gobble it up with some sauce.
I hate to break it to you, but most military awards given out these days are pretty much meaningless. For example, consider the Navy Achievement Medal. It sounds badass and important, right? I know more than one cook in the submarine force who received that exact award for baking a particularly mediocre cake for an inspection team.
Congratulations. You were in the right place at the right time. My ribbon rack is the same.
&gt; most military awards given out [these days](https://www.reddit.com/r/whowouldwin/comments/he8ymv/mjolnir_mcu_is_dropped_into_the_real_world_is/fvqlx1g/)
True. But those are not most medals either. Some are still worth something.
Why not just rinse out the bottles as soon as you empty them? Then you just have to sanitize them on bottling day, no cleaning or scrubbing necessary.
When I empty a bottle of beer, I fill it up with water, swish it around and dump it out. Sometimes I do this twice. Then I let it dry upside down on a rack with my other bottles. On bottling day, there's nothing inside the bottles left to clean out. So I fill them with sanitizer solution (personally I use iodophor, but you could use starsan) and pour them back out into my sanitizer pitcher. Then I set them upside down in a rack again while I set up the rest of my bottling equipment. Sometimes I get distracted doing this and they're completely dry again when I come back. Sometimes they're still dripping. I haven't had an infection in 6 years of bottling and cleaning this way.
Mr. Rogers wouldn't need to lift it if the Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny is canon. He took care of all those other dudes without it.
Not if middle managers have anything to say about all this.
What happens when the wife refuses to listen and takes the kids out while he's at work?
I remember being ten. A snitch was the worst possible thing you could be on the playground. Personally, I'd recommend teaching him to keep his nose out of other peoples' business. People break rules all the time. If the teachers cared about the banned game, they would have punished the kids playing it without tattletale input. It sounds kind of shitty, but it's a life lesson. Nobody likes a tattletale in an adult office either, and when you're an adult, that could be your paycheck and ability to keep a roof over your head on the line.
Why waste time evicting when the cops can just break into your home and kill you?
Because the company would likely expect him to show up in person for an interview.
Because there's a good chance the hiring manager has never even seen the job posting before. Especially in larger companies. Just answer with the top end of their range. For example: The posing says the range is $40-50k. You tell them your range is $47-50k. If they want you, they'll offer $40k. Then it's up to you if you want to negotiate.
That's the law in California, but nowhere else.
And that's something the Democrats don't seem to understand. Republicans run *unopposed* for local downballot races all over the country. **WHY?**
E
Goodbye
Taxation without representation is currently practiced there.
You have a two conductor humbucker. White is output, bare is ground. [You can wire it the same way you would a single coil.](https://www.seymourduncan.com/images/wiring-diagrams/1S_1V.jpg) I'd go with a 500k pot though. It's just missing two wires that would allow you to connect the individual coils separately, but the coils are permanently wired in series.
The news cycle will have moved on from this by the time people go to vote.
