You can get humanity to do anything if it involves flinging things onto a sports arena. We should make all fundraisers this format.
I guess I have to give up on my insistence that Peter can't stick to things if he's wearing shoes.
No he wasn't.
We really need to stop letting septigenarians rule the world.
Someone taught you about fairness and justice and that was a disservice.
What if I have fun being racist or kicking puppies?
These days?
Your money isn't fun at all.
Most people don't know martinis aren't supposed to be alcoholic slurpees either.
Technically speaking there's no such thing as "peak evolution".
I shower daily.
"Ginger harpy devours mate alive".
Sigh. Why would she not be wearing her incredibly powerful Power Armor.
That's because all sushi restaurants in North America are run by Koreans.
&gt;"Because of this warming trend of XXXX Degrees over the last 100 years, we have permanently eliminated the possibility that we will progress into the next glacial cycle." Woah.
Enjoy it while you can.
That's a dog.
Well that just means you have bad taste.
Giving money to apple supports a company many people do not like being supported though.
&gt;Get new players. A bit extreme, no?
No D&amp;D is better than bad D&amp;D.
The monk sewed her mouth shut. Don't ask he's been trying to do it with everyone.
What happens if you're 32 and you don't have your shit together. No car, no real address, work retail, no post secondary education. Should I give up?
Tenzin is an amazing father.
Nobody deserves anything. We treat them well because it makes the world better to live in.
Lucky for me I guess.
Brockway style "hollywood exec" rants are always great.
Maybe if "gay culture" wasn't so *hyper sexualized* we could see young gay kids naturally adopting into it without everyone else freaking the fuck out. But it is. Because of course it is, because it's a culture that evolved around and because of a sexual orientation.
Maybe they should stop being such Karens then.
Fuck, probably.
I've never watched the american The Office.
Man they retconned the *fuck* out of Quill's special status eh?
Must be why my dad keeps calling me a pussy.
No, you're just describing what they are. What are they made of? Where do they come from?
Rights exist insofar as we all agree they do, but they aren't a natural physical process.
We're so fucked.
[Well...](https://www.reddit.com/r/canada/comments/a6o6h2/most_canadian_employees_are_ready_to_quit_their)
I think Pat might be the common denominator.
He's the best looking member of Team Four Star, *and* he's Canadian like our weird dads.
Religion is just so incompatible with modern life, this kind of stuff is inevitable. We're just too busy to actually observe religious rituals like this anymore.
Eventually the sun will consume everything and nobody will be around to remember anyone. If you think long term *enough*, you don't have to worry about anything.
My issue with "reasonable person" law is that there's no such thing.
This is a deplorable way to treat an apex predator.
I haven't had cable in over a decade.
And even if you don't, better to die on your feet.
No, it's more that, in the first location while they're trying to abduct you, you may still have some chance to escape. If they're trying to take you somewhere else, it's because that place is entirely under their control. You will not be found, you will have much *much* less chance of escaping, you *will* be harmed, etc. Since you're likely to die anyway, it's better to fight and die on your feet, in public, possibly getting your assailant caught.
Your best chance of survival is not being kidnapped. Even if that only has a chance of 50%. If someone has a place they want to take you to, it's because they are in complete control there. You do not want to be there.
I mean he's a Deacon. It's his literal job to teach kids about god.
That's a deliberate inverse reading of that claim and you know it.
My 25 year old friend is a Libarian.
&gt;Because that happened all the time before minimum wage was instituted. Before a minumum wage we had slavery, sweatshops, child labor, and feudalism. So.
No, overpopulation and rampant corporatist cronyist consumerism caused these problems. Not a government mandate to require companies pay employees a rate at least capable to catching up to the cost of living those companies require be paid to remain profitable.
But discrimination against bad people is okay! My morality is entirely hypocritical and I'm fine with that! I lack the foresight to see how this could ever go bad!
Born in Ontario, grew up on the best coast.
Well it is.
I just made a "Hellgirl" character for a victorian Men in Black style campaign. She is a tiefling paladin, and knows the world must be rid of most monsters. But sometimes they haven't done anything really wrong. Sometimes they're just different, like her. But they still get "taken to the farm". So she drinks to keep doing her job when it isn't so clear if it's the right job to do.
&gt;Because if literally everyone on Earth experiences the same 'unintended effect' it ends up being more important than what the Author was falling to convey. Why? It's incredibly possible that all those people are stupid. It wouldn't be the first time.
Because it's specifically described as being a function of the omni-tool, which as far as I know, isn't a brain implant. The hanar have them, for starters. Somewhere.
I'm convinced that everyone in China is a robot.
Some of the blame still remains on the people pulling the trigger.
Flame Tongue? Half orc? Do you understand who Wolverine is?
Of course. Just like I drive right handed.
Not killers, no. But it isn't *impactless*. Kids are impressionable and they don't always understand the broader context of things.
I can't turn off my brain, I'll die. It keeps my organs running.
An econimic collapse is nothing but good for people at the bottom of the economy. Nothing changes for us, except everything gets cheaper.
My father would be disappointed if I passed up on that obvious financial opportunity.
It's like the common ancestor of chimps and bonobos split into evil and good.
There are no great people of Nanaimo. Just garbage people in a garbage city.
I can't read it... but don't need to? Is that weird or sad?
I wish any of that applied in Canada.
So bots are watching videos made by bots to generate ad revenue for bots?
I find that he just can't allow himself to NOT be up his own ass about all this stuff and it puts me off.
The Mongolians were pleased but Gord Downie was chapped until the day he died.
&gt;Well, I think if you can't try to fuck your employees and that means you can never get laid, you got some life problems to sort out. &gt; &gt;It's pretty common procedure, and was back then too, that you don't try to fuck your underlings. Not that it isn't a gray area It isn't a grey area, it just *isn't anyone but the two people's business* if they're both consenting adults.
My boss and her husband both work for our company. Is their marriage non-consensual?
When the only working artists all went through Cal-Arts... Also the irony of arcade calling someone else's fashion gay is hilarious.
Listen. Any game where you have to count animation frames like a turd to "git gud" competitively is a fighting game.
Statistically it doesn though, he's essentially a random sample.
Death to the bourgoisie.
I dunno, being able to levitate up somewhere is cool.
There's a King of the Hill joke in here somewhere.
&gt;Now we need the age of great communicators and politicians willing to sacrifice their careers if need be to do what is right and what is required. Why would anyone do that?
I'm asking why anyone would sacrifice their career to "do the right thing"? Do you know how unethical and destructive most of our jobs are? Any job that uses plastic or has air conditioning or ships stock/parts in trucks, for instance.
Who?
I feel like land druids should involuntarily morph to match the land they're currently in, spells and all. In the woods? Leaves line your hair and you know barkskin. On an Island at sea? Sand falls from your cuffs, your hair is wet and salt caked, and you know windwall. Lost in the mountains? Grow a great big beard, some goat horns, and learn cone of cold.
Yeah but he's not evil off. He's harmless. Just brain damaged.
Not that van.
Any day of the week.
The only FF game I *don't* like is XIII. And maybe II.
It's just our understanding of motion.
Kilts are a rather modern invention.
Probably the only shade She's allowed to throw down anymore.
They don't want to get caaaaaaaancer.
This is to me what a giant tarantula would be to most redditors.
I PUT A HOLE IN THAT \**QUACK*\*
Technically speaking, the evolution would have been "Human females with larger mammary fat than their predecessors had more successful offspring". It's just finding the what selected against smaller breast fat tissue that's the key.
&gt; But there is something wrong with staring at women in public. Who said there’s something wrong with male sexuality? Depends on what male sexuality is. If: [Male Sexuality] = [Staring at women in public], and [Staring at women in public] = [wrong], then [Male sexuality] = [Wrong]. I'm not sure what male sexuality is myself.
For some people, because of societal conditioning, breasts cannot be non-sexual.
No, that's not what I'm talking about
Big open window? You could see all the monsters and aliens outside and they could see you.
Man, remember in season 3 when Suki was totally going to sneak into Sokka's tent to fuck but Zuko caught her off guard and she ran away.
I don't care anymore. Bethesda is ruined. Nothing will ever be as good as Morrowind, or even Skyrim, ever again. TES will just be a sad end to the franchise.
That's the one.
Except the Jedi were right. That's the whole point of the first game. Revan and Malak couldn't wait. They were reckless and impatient, and the Order foresaw much darkness and suffering if they followed that path. And *they were right*, because Revan and Malak were that darkness.
They meant change the world by like... inventing a new gidget that makes their consumption easier.
[That was not their plan either.](https://i.imgur.com/J3GthgV.png)
My gf and I never make it past ten minutes either.
I thought it was a real doll.
I thought it was mute point forever as well.
Sometimes you have to accept that a small percentage will abuse your benevolent system as a cost of running that system.
Still deserve a right to vote.
The only reason I wouldn't do this is because I love that sweet sweet cis male privilege.
He went real hard into the paranormal stuff after Belushi died. I don't think he ever got over it.
That's... never been a problem for me...
You just put those people's personal photo on the internet.
It isn't just fitting people with circuit boards. It's changing both synthetic life and organic life on a molecular level to be integrated. The leaves on the tree in the ending are altered.
Like I said. It's just this decade's "demotivational".
How about we ban cruise ships in our ports?
Is it the late 80s again?
He's credited as Larry Fishburne in his early movies.
I mean maybe if you send it directly *to* them, that's pretty rude, sure. But otherwise people can do what they want in their free time.
&gt;The entire movement is about the amount of unsolved cases and the perceived lack of interest in solving the cases by RCMP. Which... was also shown to be untrue.
Just because you shouldn't, doesn't mean you can't.
Didn't the report show that they're solved at pretty much the same rate as any other Canadian crime?
And the last compulsory attended one closed in 1948.
Yeah, did you see that one person literally claiming women are more valuable and therefore more deserving of consideration? What a load of sexist hogwash.
Are you serious?
With vagueness comes false equivocation. Which is why a lot of groups insist against specific language.
There are degrees, man. You *shouldn't* pirate media.
And then slowly methodically checking off the list off things you're not allowed to eliminate to solve the problem, until you find the one everyone is okay with.
So when conservatives refer to abortion as "mass murder of babies" that's fine because at least we're talking about it now.
I'm not doing anything. At most, the only side I take in any conflict is "this statement doesn't follow logically". All I care about is that things are true and accurate. If: "Genocide" = (x parameters), and (subject of inquiry) does not meet (x parameters) then (subject of inquiry) =/= "Genocide".
Well... I'll remind you the rabble had guillotines in the past. Now they have the US Military.
&gt;If this whole thing is just all about you dodging the pain, then I agree, suicide would be effective. But it’ll make you a selfish asshole. Which won't be a problem, even if I care about what others think of me, when I'm dead. &gt;The rest of us will stick around to try to deal with the problems, that still exist no matter how far you try to run from them. No you won't. You'll die too eventually.
It's about as legitimate as horoscopes or the meyers-briggs tests.
Go for it. Seems like a lot of work.
It's like, he's an asshole, yeah, but he's also *really right* about all the movie examples here. There *shouldn't* be a Ghostbusters 3. Groundhog day *was* better as a bleak comedy. Mike Meyers is reportedly the same. Just... super super insistent on specific details. It *had* to be Bohemian Rhapsody in Wayne's World, or he was gonna walk. And he was right.
It's sociopathic. "Here's how this situation affected *me*."
But everyone already knew the Canadian government was responsible for those acts. The inquiry was about the high incidence of missing and murdered first nations citizens. Which is not a specific intentional act by the government. &gt;Sorry I should have clarified further, I'm not specifically arguing that it is a black and white issue where it definitely is genocide But you're more than willing to imply and use the word when it makes your argument sound better.
WWII was a direct result of the decisions made by the French government, and therefore, by your causal logic, so was the holocaust.
https://www.historyonthenet.com/world-war-two-causes "Problems arose in [Weimar Germany](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weimar_Germany) that experienced strong currents of [revanchism](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revanchism)after the [Treaty of Versailles](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_Versailles) that concluded its defeat in [World War I](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_War_I) in 1918. Dissatisfactions of treaty provisions included the [demilitarization](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demilitarized_zone) of the [Rhineland](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhineland), the [prohibition of unification](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_Saint-Germain-en-Laye_(1919\)#Politics_and_military) with Austria (including the [Sudetenland](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Province_of_the_Sudetenland)) and the loss of German-speaking territories such as [Danzig](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_City_of_Danzig_(interwar\))and [Eupen-Malmedy](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eupen-Malmedy) despite Wilson's [Fourteen Points](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fourteen_Points), [the limitations](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_Versailles#Military_restrictions) on the [Reichswehr](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reichswehr) making it a token military force, the [war-guilt clause](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Article_231_of_the_Treaty_of_Versailles), and last but not least the heavy tribute that Germany had to pay [in the form of war reparations](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_War_I_reparations), which became an unbearable burden after the [Great Depression](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Depression)."
Who is Tommy Douglas?
I forgot he couldn't get out of the town.
Why do people talk to each other at all. Nobody actually cares about this stuff.
Having family and friends to an immortal would be like having a beloved dog to us. You know it's going to die well before you do, but it doesn't know that, and it makes life better all the same.
Even if you're left handed the fork should still go in the left hand. It's not "put them backwards", it's "fork in left, knife in right". Source: Am left handed
Do you want the Queen to be embarassed when she comes for dinner? Fork in left, knife in right, always, no switching, no matter what your dominant hand is.
You use both a spoon and a fork with your left hand.
Etiquette is all about not appearing slovenly and gross in front of guests. It's rude to shovel food into your mouth one handed and scarf it all down like Homer swallowing an eclair. Everyone in North America eats *way* too fast.
You know for years I thought they were *Stilt Striders*.
https://www.cnn.com/2019/06/07/europe/homophobic-attack-london-intl-scli-gbr/index.html
Rightness, Goodness, and Fairness are often at odds with each other.
Where everything is made up and the points don't matter.
Existing and not being ashamed of it is not forcing anything down anyone's throat. Nobody dragged you to pride and taped your eyelids open.
I'm not, I'm attacking /u/ctrum69's point.
Steve Ditko.
Absolutely nothing.
If it helps, sure.
Which isn't what I was commenting on.
I don't think he knows most of those words.
As with all things Elder Scrolls... not necessarily.
Variety is the spice of life.
&gt;Due to Freedom, every child must pay for the lunch served at school. It teaches Independence and Self-Sufficiency. &gt; &gt;No money, no lunchy. Sorry, where do you live that you can get food without paying for it? Cause I want to move to there.
Why should some pay if others don't have to?
But if you don't think it's a *super important one* to most people, you're being woefully idealistically ignorant. &gt;We live in a society and have already agreed all children deserve school regardless of their ability to pay. Why is lunch different? So lunch should be provided to all children everywhere? Hospitals? Weekends at home? *Who pays for it*?
Is it just me, or are F3 and MV just... an absolute hurculean task to mod. More complex and difficult than any other game I've modded.
&gt;Why not have unqualified people do their own surgery too? If someone wants to take our their own appendix that's up to them.
Home owners don't understand economic bubbles. Nothing can increase in value forever.
&gt;Single paycheque working at a gas station no less. I think... the problem is that this was a fantasy world only teneble for a couple decades after the huge US economy boom from WWII. The majority of human history the world over is poverty and subsistence. I think this isn't a massive failure of society lately, but simply a natural return to equilibrium.
Interesting. I'll watch those tomorrow. Edit: Oh, jeeze, of course I've seen Matt's videos.
So how would you recommend teaching then? Core mechanics outwards? Start with a freeform session to get them familiar with roleplaying?
But... I mean... that's the game. That's like saying all the guns in Borderlands are absolutely baffling and having to find ammunition is just confusing.
&gt;I think I would have been repulsed if I'd started off with a narrative system because one of the things that I was trying to get away from was the childhood tendency for escalation via "Nuh uh, I raised my forcefield!"-style asspulls. Yes, this is exactly how I feel.
Yeah I love 5E but when I see the 5e subs always try to bend and break it into some other thing it really isn't, I always just shake my head and ask "have you tried not playing D&amp;D?"
I'm a proponent that restriction breeds creativity.
Limits your options though.
I've never understood self acceptance.
Of course. People tend to be pickier in the short term though. Ironically. Someone will put up with *a lot more* if they love you.
Well where the hell did Bowser come from?! He was King Koopa when I wad a kid.
I mean... you are what you are. If it's bad you shouldn't accept it, you should change it. You should alter your form to match your expectations, not the other way around. If you want to be attractive to other people, you have to make yourself a model of what they're attracted to, or they won't be interested. If you want to be more interesting to talk to, you have to increase your conversational base.
I'm just being realistic.
That's circular logic. "I like you because I like you". People's attraction starts physiologically, whether we like it or not. Like... there's a reason that every study shows attractive tall men do better in the work force. Because we make these decisions subconsciously. Anyway my point wasn't that OP *shouldn't* be happy with themselves, because losing 80lbs is the work of a god damned champion. I was just saying "you don't have to worry about what other people think" is just wrong.
I mean... that's not true. What if me getting loose skin makes people who are more fun or more attractive or better at sex think less of me. Like, that's not likely, but the point stands. Granted, they're as likely to feel the same way about me being fat. So either way they're not interested. But it *does* affect their decision, is my point. Your physical attractiveness affects how people treat you. Not good people, not bad people. *All* people.
Why does that matter?
Expecting players to be interested in the game they want me to run for them makes me myopic? Like... if we were running a play and they didn't want to learn their lines or character motivations I would be the jerk for asking them to? Or... I guess should not assume people who say they want to play know what that entails.
Oh, only when THEY ALL DIE AND IT'S YOUR FAULT.
I mean the downside is... what if you're lying to yourself just to feel better?
In the other thread: "People thinking I'm a creep I guess" In this thread: "Well, the constant threat of rape and battery."
Fair enough.
Okay but is Link back to being left handed yet?
Bart is failed by the system.
There were two, Reloaded and Revolutions.
Honestly getting paid to be left alone sounds amazing.
SOLAIRE AND MASTER CHIEF? PRAISE THE FIGHT.
I feel like we're going to discover that this is a failing of the math, and not a difinitive property of reality. The *math* says time doesn't exist before the start of the universe, but there's no empirical way to find out that we know of.
Fuckin degens from up country.
It's also a huge part of what makes the series extremely stagnant. They mechanical core has to remain basically the same.
I'm currently at the tail end of a "maximum shepard" playthrough of ME1, getting that last achievement that's been sitting ungot for years. At level 59 currently.
Okay so... it isn't about supporting propaganda he's just a petulant idiot.
Only if the mirrors are still made of colloidal silver.
&gt;&gt; I agree, everyone should pay tax on gross revenue &gt; &gt;But why? Companies exist for the purpose of spending money to make more money. I don't know about you, but I think we should only let things exist for *good* reasons.
It's fundamental "make the most money" principles. Why should a business not pay tax on their revenue.
Reducing stated net taxable income.
Why?
Of course none of this applies to Quebecois which is to French what Pat is to Paige.
&gt;Speak for yourself. If you want to go back centuries then I'm sure there is a remote spot in the forest you can shit in the woods and hunt and not concern yourself with the CRA or taxes. Not having three tablets isn't equivalent to regressing to the stone age.
Engineers will sell the world out to the rich for slightly smaller palaces.
You'll be dead either way.
Only if they're electrically powered.
There's two ways it can be. Either you leave the seat how you used it and the next person puts it how they use it because it's flipping a toilet seat and complaining about that is like complaining that someone didn't leave the light switch on for rooms you go into. Or everyone closes the toilet lid because that's its put away position, like turning the light off.
Nobody *has to* be compassionate. The world is better if they are, but it isn't mandatory.
What does freedom have to do with anything.
And if you're not in Canada... Take off.
I open the bag and then pour the milk into the jug. Edit: I don't actually think bagged milk exists on the Island.
No, it still does. It's just also used as an antonym as well.
Tragedy of the commons.
Are facts and logic bad now?
That's Rilakkuma.
What hand do you masturbate with?
I wish we could tell blue whales that they're the largest creatures to have ever lived.
That's a good Christian church, but also not a very good Christian church.
The first one was amazing as well.
The Lego games are good. Borderlands. Smash.
How long did it take you to look that one up?
YouTube is demonetizing anything that isn't appealing to 10-15 year olds with access to disposable income. You know, the basis of the American economy for 30 years?
You say that like going somewhere to survive the heat each say is a perfectly okay thing.
And stop sighing so much for god's sake.
Because they are ten zero, ten one, and ten two.
I established early on that I was talking about cognitive and physical disabilities.
I love your wife.
This isn't about voting and never has been. We are a runaway ecological disaster, exactly like the cane toads that decimated Australia. Our natural behavior is having an ecological impact on the planet, just like the cyanobacteria during the great oxygenation event. In order to save the planet, humans have to either not exist, or not be human. It's never going to happen.
Do you think it's too dark to see at night?
Orcas'll eat anything if they're hungry enough or you piss one off.
But they specifically have cat mouths.
&gt;Kaidan is Carth Onasi 2.0 You say that like it's a bad thing.
What a poor characterization of Femshep.
Man that show rules. My gf has developed a theory about me when she noticed that the only anime I tend to really like are original works not based on a manga. Things that were anime first. We've tested it, and it mostly holds up (which is why I tend to like Trigger). The only exception seems to be FMA, of which I like the '03 show better.
Huh yeah turns out a lot of different people fit inside a *six year age gap* over one of the biggest periods of change in a modern human's life. Yaaaaa fuckin idiots. "Unh 18 year olds are still virgins but 24 year olds are getting married and having kids like whaaaaaat? What even is this world". Hey guess what, two year olds frequently shit their pants and can't read, but eight year olds don't usually have problems with either. Crazy!
Well I don't want to spend my short life working so someone else can make triple what I do because they own the place, but I need to eat, so I trade my time for wages. I'm not risking anything by doing that? Money is not the only nor most valuable thing that can be lost.
Buy one. I wanna *build* one.
I mean, it's fledged, so by a very literal definition it is not a baby.
If I'm two hours late for work customers can't get into the store and if I don't show up at all after that I'd probably be fired.
Wizards of the Coast knew what they were doing when they added Tumblrings.
Keep suffering then.
Jefferey is married?
What actual Jedi could think of the clone troopers this way. Just because they're clones doesn't mean they're not living people. I would question any Jedi who was told "yeah don't worry about them, they're just disposable clones" and replied "oh, okay yeah, cool". "Clones are disposable" is Empire logic.
Also why he had really correct insight into the behavior of humanity during extreme stress.
11 years ago isn't old. That's when Mass Effect came out.
May I introduce you to [Oriana Savo.](https://www.reddit.com/r/kotor/comments/7f9btq/this_is_oriana_savo_im_doing_a_gunslinger_build)
Huh. Good on the little ginger.
You pronounce Cleric weirdly. Edit: You guys **all** pronounce Cleric weirdly.
I'm in a game where the other three players chose the *only three races* without darkvision. Meanwhile [me, a Drow Warlock.](https://i.imgur.com/Ghum4vy.jpg)
Isn't everyone just supposed to skip every rule that "isn't fun"?
And in my game.
You don't think death is a consequence?
You mean The Frizz?
That is *not* what my asshole looks like.
Probably
How can you tell if you love someone?
&gt;Nothing mechanically bad! Seriously try your best never to punish creative RP That's not what we're seeing though...
&gt;One time a DM I had raped a player And the police were called?
No sex until 25? Jesus I didn't know I was a bad man when I lost my virginity at 21.
Zee Bashew is actually quite a large man.
Naw dude, that's the Way of the Drunken Monk.
Hot mom beats out hot sister every time.
I use literal paper and pencils and a binder I've had since 2001. Man no wonder I get lazy prepping.
Shhhhh, no they mustn't know my depravity.
This kills the meme.
The artist certainly made her *teh-hiiiiccer*. Did Plague draw this?
Jess in Until Dawn and Julia in Man of Medan. I think they're supposed to be a "dumb blonde" trope but Jess is a clever firebrand and Julia is a resourceful explorer girl.
I mean the worst example is Flanders.
Jerk off, kiss my wife, eat something.
It's about immediacy. You're throwing fists to stop a mugging happening *right now*. Whatever circumstances led up to that mugging are irrelevant in that moment. It's happening. You have to stop it. But breaking the shins of some businessman who hasn't committed any violent crimes but profits off of the systems which hurt people is assault.
Honestly I feel like the description of a short rest taking an hour is what stops DMs from allowing it and parties from attempting it. Just on Sunday my group and I were exploring a shipwreck in an undersea cave, and I'd used up my two slots. I attempted to sit down and take a quick rest while the other three were exploring the wreck but an hour is just too long. I ended up having to fly a couple of them out of there because shit hit the fan. Now, we're being attacked by a monster man with shadowfell powers and I've only got crantrips left.
I loathe that song.
As a Canadian I take offense to that term.
I mean you know the change to how it plays in the new games just *had* to be the result of some focus group test where a bunch of kids just kept complaining that the old climbing mechanics were "boring" or "too hard".
Do you believe it is our place to prevent people from killing themselves?
Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night Well fucking devoured by demons I guess, shit.
Prevention of suicide is just a temporary delay of an inevitable event. You're not keeping someone alive, you're just delaying their death for maybe a few decades. If someone wants to kill themselves, how is that any of my business?
If they're not following your story, your story is boring. Or they're all there to fuck around. But more likely the story is boring.
I was wondering what the fuck they were on about.
Okay. He's still right. Gamers are way too whiny about blooperblip, and usually *only* when it concerns their jerk off otaku shit. If you don't like the changes *don't buy the game*. You're not forced to buy the game. Or better yet, learn Japanese and play the game in its original format, the way the creators intended. Otherwise, you're basically saying "I deserve this game in my native langauge, with no monetary consideration for the company releasing it in my market!"
Because he's right.
And Pat is right about that too. Censorship is when an authority forcibly restricts or edits the content of something. A video game company editing their own product to sell in America is no more censorship than localizing it to English is.
Man, there's no principle that says underage sexualization is okay because LGBT characters are okay. Those are different axes entirely. *It's not the same thing*. Are you gonna pick that hill? I'd agree with you if the censorship was coming from moral busybodies. In this case, it's coming from the artist itself. It's not more censoring the work than localizing it to English is.
No, they can also just be good.
In other words you play games in the most sensible way possible. Save money, avoid hype, get the best reviews over time, play games at their most patched best version, usually get all the DLC Bundled with your purchase.
Why?
&gt;People with anime avatars by and large have creepy, sexist, or toxic viewpoints Prove me wrong kids! Prove me wrong.
Yes, I'm glad they changed it. The original was pretty bad.
I'd still agree with him. I have very little time for people who crave explicit gore because they like it, and hide behind "artistic integrity".
That's a fair point and I'll accept that my stance was harsher than it needed to be.
Because people like this always hide behind "It's just a prank bro!".
Ooh, falling back to that one are we?
I disagree. Especially when it's the artist altering their own work. If it was a government I'd probably be more on your side.
Prove me wrong children. Prove me wrong.
I just mean the La Noire chassis. I've always imagined it to be more sci-fi, like the googles from Heavy Rain, or Arkham's detective vision. Though maybe not that easy.
Really? For me it's because I want to be Poison Ivy. Or the Avatar.
I've been hankering for [this build](https://www.reddit.com/r/dndnext/comments/erhs6j/cath_maul_a_tabaxi_barbarianrogue_grappler) for a couple weeks now, except I want to go Tabaxi for... reasons. I like the idea of being a raging cat-man Brock Samson, and Barbarogue is definitely the way to go. The cool thing is that even though short swords are finesse weapons, you can still use STR for attack and damage, even while applying sneak attack. And as a Tabaxi I can drag screaming enemies up into trees or onto rooftops, shank them, throw them to the ground, or goomba stomp them from on high.
Fair point.
How do you have unused spell slots?
He's a good good boy and he loves you.
People are always like "well sure they cuddle you and like to sit on you and purr, but is that *really* love?" The fuck else do you want?!
I just realized the cover spoils the ending.
&gt;Part basset, part springer Wuhhh? She'd be made out of floppy rubber springs.
Yeah that comment thread was bonkers. Someone compared me to a Nazi because I said there are contextual degress of appropriate censorship. ie. I'm not super bothered if creepy Otaku pedo stuff gets edited during localization.
His main point was that a company editing content for a foreign market isn't censorship, and he's right. It's literally no different than translating jokes into something that makes more sense in english, or changing cultural references so the game or show plays better to a foreign audience. His secondary point was that he *usually* only sees people whine about "censorship" when their creepy waifu shit gets toned down, and he just doesn't have time to entertain that as serious. And I agree with him on that too. Yes, censorship in a vacuum is bad. But honestly, if it's just "totally legit actually 3000 year old dragon she just *looks* 10" getting unsexualized, there are more important things to get upset about, and I'll raise an eyebrow if you consistently get upset about that. Yes he's singling out a particular type of sperglord, but that's because he was just venting frustrations at seeing them so frequently around this "censorship" topic.
Someone getting nonlethally stabbed is cause for concern. Someone getting a papercut isn't.
Okay but like... is it writing? Cause if it's just in your head that's just like... imagination.
&gt;especially since it depends a lot of what you view as 'wrong' or 'moral'. I am not a moral relativist. Unfortunately I have nowhere to go with that argument because, since I'm also a materialist, my prescriber of objective morality is myself. Doesn't really hold up against much arguing.
I am exactly who decides what matters to me.
[Are you kidding me?](https://i.imgur.com/uiBfLWk.jpg)
Fair.
Yeah, it's fucking ice cream, because corporate patent law doesn't dictate the fucking English language. Now *Rye* on the other hand, is only Rye if it's made with at least 80% rye grain.
I don't think they are, RAW.
Move action + Jump remainder of movement + Replace attack action to shove prone + attack for damage + somehow get grapple.
You'd have to be unarmed for Tavern Brawler to take effect. Also I haaaaate shiieeeeeelds. I'm trying to think of ways to re-skin them. Not a fan of Great Weapons either, really. I guess I've never really made a Great Weapon build. Heavy metal tanks are my least favourite type of character archetype.
Why does Dante look like Hank?
Debbie knows what Debbie wrote.
He's tried to have it restored, but every time someone casts the spell it fails. It seems whatever gods are responsible want him to stay that way.
&gt;Stuff's complicated, human social interactions are HARD Only because people refuse to be specific, or admit that that they're wrong.
Technically true, but if Eddie Izzard called someone a Tranny he'd be drawn and quartered.
His response to trauma was to put his life on the line trying to stop it from happening to other people.
The original 1990 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie. Specifically because *at the time*, nobody even knew turtles were anything but the cartoon. They could have shat out any piece of slightly related garbage that was just a movie of the cartoon *and it still would have sold like gangbusters* because this was the height of the original 90's Turtles craze. But instead, somebody took the time to actually write a good movie, with a mature, engaging story that was heavily inspired by the original comic books while still blending enough familiar elements from the cartoon into it to not alienate kids at the time. Not only that, it *looks* good. That movie had boatloads of heart, action, and drama, and no TMNT movie since has ever compared to it. Edit: I see I have misinterpreted the premise, since the movie wasn't based on one specific story. I stand by my stance though.
Eccchh.
Yeah not in the real world though my man.
A day off work and someone taking me to lunch would make me *cry*. That is absolutely not small in absolute terms.
There is absolutely a cabal of the wealthiest people in the world who secretly influence, if not control outright, all major politics.
It only sounds completely different if you're a complete pylon and don't understand how dialogue works.
I mean, my first instinct is that that kind of wish is in no way under the capabilities of a Djinni. They're just elemental spirits.
When I was honest with myself.
I feel like Pat's never actually as bad as implied it's just that this sub's nature is to meme the hell out of everything until hyperbole becomes truth.
Right? Maybe it's because I'm Pat's age.
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskScienceFiction/comments/dbtzsc/final_fantasy_8_hey_so_why_isnt_anyone_doing/f25aoaz
&gt;It's fucking astonishing Kingdom Hearts was a successful franchise. This but unironically.
There's something wrong with me if I don't like a smelly asshole smashing and chewing all my stuff?
&gt;Closest thing to scripting DnD has ever gotten to with me is working with my DM to explain how my Warlock is manipulating the situation with her magic. &gt; &gt;Because my Warlock is fucking evil, working with the BBEG, and is manipulating the heroes. So we need to work out how I'll fuck around with the crew this week. I hope the rest of the players know this.
God I love that suit.
It's like looking in a mirror.
Welcome to life. Yours is not unique. Billions of people have died while tyrants reign.
The good one.
I also refuse to hurt anything with a soul. Which is great news for me, since I don't have to do anything differently.
Buying a prom dress isn't "surviving".
*Only to die on a suicide mission on an ancient collector ship*
&gt;There's the possibility of keeping pets being a phenomenon limited to the wealthy up until recent times I think dogs were the *exception* to that. They eat whatever and earn their keep for the most part. After all, we've had dogs since before there were even social classes, or *agriculture*. So having cats or birds, something you had to have excess food to take care of, was a luxury of the rich. But anyone could have a dog.
&gt;Either that, or early humanoids also recognized how cute they were and fed them the bones we couldn't eat It's probably both, but I always wonder why people never accept this as the answer. Happens a lot with cats. People are like "why would ancient humans even keep cats around they don't *do* anything!" Uhh, because they're fuckin' adorable and soft and they come right up to you and bonk you with their heads? Why would humans 5000 years ago be any less enthralled with that than we are?
Eh, I don't need it explained. I understand the premise (my post was amusing hyperbole). It's better if you just leave it as a wacky unexplained thing.
I am having a great time.
It is absolutely a wonderful platformer.
Three months. I've noticed that the length of time society seems to be able to care about anything is three months. After three months, we'll collectively forget and move on to the next thing. If you were to consider all of society to be a meta-life form, we're almost like an infant unable to keep coherent thoughts.
I mean it's not like I care if Donald Trump is murdered. I'd even go so far as to say the world would be better off. But that still doesn't mean they should be allowed to do it. That's lunacy.
True neutrality is viewing the human race as the temporary mammal species it is and not acknowledging our extinction as any more significant than our survival.
How can you be gayer, it's a trinary option...
~~Everyone~~ Most people want the same thing, they just think everyone else wants to take it from them.
You can't have no cops so that dream is just that.
Really? You're the one using the nuremberg defense.
I mean... the police and military didn't start setting things on fire.
You don't think fires are dangerous and destructive?
Because the people that they work for don't really give a shit about America. They'll move to one of their other properties and continue making money there. Then they'll worm their way into that nation's politics and bleed it dry.
To quote Star Force "well that's a war crime, which... you *never* do..."
Are you traumatized by wars and car crashes?
Unpopular opinion: People memifying this year as being some kind of record for awfulness are no different than all the christians who crave to be living during the rapture. They do it because it gives some kind of significance to what's happening, like it's on purpose, instead of just being the random chaos that it is.
My favourite Pokémon is fog log.
What people are forgetting is that the 8 hour day is for our protection, not the capitalists. If they could get the same amount of work out of me but but only pay me for three hours, they absolutely would.
Okay... so what about the average labor worker? An apprentice sure as shit isn't only productive for less than half of their shift.
Alright. What about *any* of the trades. *All* of retail. Every office worker thinks that they way they work is how the entire world works.
&gt;But for one reason or another, [that's not how people want to play the game](https://twitter.com/mattcolville/status/896458473688268801?lang=en). Of course it isn't. Because how players want to play the game is "I want to be at optimal power as much as possible". Obviously. It wouldn't matter how many encounters the game was balanced around. One, six, ten, thirty. The players will always want to circumvent that balance to increase their odds of success, by restoring their maximum power faster than the game intends them to. It's the same reason we always save tents/potions/full restores and chug them all before a boss fight. Or why players like that they can open the menu during a battle and scarf down 30 cheese wheels. *Players want to win*. They don't like losing, because it goes against human nature.
It's not Critical Role. Roleplayers have been moving away from wargame dungeon crawls for decades, because only a certain type of person likes that style of play (the type of people who invented it).
Meaning he'll just lie, doofus.
"I like to have sex with men" shouldn't be dirt.
Clearly you've never worked retail. Or watched any television.
Still. Just don't post stuff. Or hire a PR manager for your twitter account.
Yeah, this is so much worse than *The Vietnam War*
Oh man, they should play Shadowrun. Or D20 Modern. Or Eclipse Phase. Or FATE.
Parity.
&gt;"The cops actually stopped the slavery!" I never said that. At all. &gt;Policing is an oppressive tool of white people. &gt;[Police forces in Asia, South America, and Africa.](https://i.imgur.com/xaB91T4.jpg) No it isn't. It's a natural result of not every citizen wanting or being capable of wielding a weapon to protect themselves and their family. You think we shouldn't have people protecting schools and senior care homes? Just let them pick up a gun themselves eh? &gt;It's fundamentally unjust. There will be far more peace in the streets when we address the fundamental injustice. You're a laugh riot. There has literally been twitter warnings *by people on your side* warning people to be safe because there are *already* scumbags taking advantage of the fact that all the cops are distracted and occupied. There will *always* be a knight/guard/police class, for no other reason than most people are too busy or not fit enough to defend themselves from violent criminals.
CaNaDiaNs aRe So pOlItE
I can't believe you let that reality show host become your president.
Claudia Black. Mein Leben.
&gt;&gt;Guess what, there's already a crime called larceny that covers it. &gt; &gt;Exactly! Simply taking drugs shouldn't be a crime because there is no victim. Not only that, to quote Doug Stanhope, "The punishment for any vice is inherent in the act itself"
Except we're still the same animals we were then, and still are subject to the same ecological drives and pressures. Morality is a luxury of abundance.
S-Tier: Playing the Littlest Hobo.
He said split right down the middle.
It's *already* half over? Fucking slow down time, pleeease. I'm not ready.
I mean it *is* Bowser.
We played a game were myself and the two other players were playing siblings. The eldest was a Bruiser/Grappler Barbarian, the middle child was a Cutpurse Rogue, and I, the youngest, was a Red Dragon Sorcerer. With Twinned Haste.
Could be.
If one wants to end racism, one has to end humanity.
Hey, I never said that!
&gt;Why are you so adamant on bringing racism against white people into the discussion? Because if something is wrong, it's wrong universally. It can't only be wrong for some people and not for others. White people don't feel the brunt of american racism. But that doesn't make racism okay just because it's against a white person. If a group of chinese school kids were harassing a white student that moved there that would be wrong. Racism between sunni and shia is wrong. Racism against caucasian jews by non-white christians is wrong.
I'd expect nothing less from that FUCKING HACK MIKE STOKLASA
I mean... *now* it means extremely close range because that's what everyone thinks it means.
&gt;Eh, I think it depends, you can be a Woolie and care about the character over mechanics, but I think most competitive players prefer the mechanics over the character Well yeah, competitive players are soulless golems.
But I mean what the fuck is the point of anything if we stop having kids? If we decide this is the last generation we might as well crank *up* the capitalistic hedonism.
Seriously though.
Uhhh... American slave owners?
Anyone who leaves their genitals exposed when going into battle, *as an intimidation tactic*, is from a society of crazy people.
Why not?
That is consistent with my principles, yes. What people adorn their home with is none of my business.
Yes. I'm *also* fine with the community denying someone like that all services and if we're lucky driving them out of town. And, if they come near anyone's kids, shooting them in the head. [It's freedom baby, yeah!](https://yarn.co/yarn-clip/d4ccdd19-3f65-478a-9aa4-9719bed6ad31#TuOZn9RMjO.copy)
&gt;The irony of building a tolerant society is that we must be intolerant of intolerance. No we mustn't. We must be intolerant of authoritarianism. We don't want a "tolerant" society, we want a *free* society.
What, is there something wrong with my dragon, Aighe 'luvsekks?
Ah ketamine, the dolphin aphrodisiac.
WHY IS MY LIFE SO BORING.
Which isn't a problem. Our short term and inefficient thinking is.
That's... not how percentages work...
WOAH was not ready for that.
Fuuuuck sakes I have to stop opening every link without checking the subreddit. That's the second mauled face I've seen today and I am not okay.
Why? We evolved pain because creatures without pain reception hurt themselves and aren't aware of it, so they were selected against. Pain lets you know your body is being damaged.
Well, not the 4th one though. In that one they go to America!
&gt;Synthesis asks me to willingly let Reaper technology rewrite the physiology of every organic and synthetic in the galaxy. If they'd have a problem with that, they'd either feel the full brunt of the violation or get tweaked mentally to be fine with it. The latter is Reaper Indoctrination, the former is fucked and you know why it's fucked. I like to think that once everyone is the perfect life form, a fusion of biology and technology, there'd be no question about it being the right decision. It'd be like if you suddenly granted everyone in the galaxy divinity, or cosmic enlightenment, or perfect awareness, or all three. Nobody would question the decision because they'd all be immediately aware it was the right decision.
You're giving a looooot of orgasms to kids and pets my dude. Ick.
Ohhhhh, he's just as crazy as Pat.
But...I mean it's *not* a joke. Goku is a bad father. Because of course he is because where the hell would he have learned any of that, from what male role model?
I have no idea who any of those people are.
That's the rub. They're *both* falling for an illusion of something Cloud really isn't. Aerith falls for cloud because when she meets him he's wearing a Zacksuit, and Tifa falls for him because he brings up all those "childhood friend" feelings she never really had.
They're all good.
But doctor. I'm afraid of clowns.
&gt;Cowboys Bebop is cheating at this point but worth it if you haven't seen it. Great show, lame ending, lol. &gt;Fullmetal alchemist brotherhood is my go to perfect show for people that are new to anime. \*Magneto\* I prefer the real Full Metal Alchemist &gt;Space dandy is incredible and made by the same guy that made Bebop and definitely worth watching I wanted to like it but I lost interest and never finished it. &gt;JoJo goes without saying Ehhhh, I stopped watching right around after I think Silver Chariot shows up? Lost interest. &gt;Mob psycho is also amazing especially the second season Yeah I should restart that. It didn't hook me but I'll give it another go. &gt;Kill la kill is wild and crazy and has so much good over the top shit in it One of my favourite shows. &gt;Promised never land is a really good psychological thriller with super natural elements This keeps showing up on top shows of the decade lists so maybe I'll watch it next. &gt;Made in abyss if you want some great world building and soul crushing sadness Isn't... this that weirdly pedo show?
None of that is recent but I super also love tinny/grainy 60s/70s/80s anime so I'll look those up.
Eugh, Attack on Titan was so baaaad.
Naw dude, best FF couple is Steiner and Beatrix. Just... y'know... ignore the war crimes.
There *was* no voice acting in FF7.
Those are just humans with extra steps.
Anecdotally, 8/10 times girls want sexy/cute character art. Look at online avatars. Young boys want to play edgelords or superman types. Old guys like me want to play haggard ugly monsters. Or Yennefer types, if you're me specifically.
Donkeys and Horses can interbreed and exchange genes, as can Lions and Tigers, and they're different species.
I opened the *Arcanum Necromancia*. Probably shouldn't have.
And *cats don't have it*.
Donald Trump can't even *spell* nuclear power.
Aww, no nukes for Canada?
&gt;simp This is just the zoomer's "cuck" which is just the millenial's "whipped". It's the same stupid bullshit men have been insulting each other with since the dawn of humans, "haha you are weak and not masculine and like a woman". I can't believe we're still doing this.
So exactly what I just said. Lazy jokes about masculinity.
I feel like the whole... entirely selfish single minded thing is a misunderstanding of the dark side by a select group of Sith. It's as much a flawed dogmatic approach to the dark side as the Jedi had towards the light side.
I... do not want to have that lasso used on me, but not for the reasons you think.
Or, y'know, literally anywhere outside.
Nobody said anything of the sort.
I see men customers awkwardly hold open doors for way too long or just weirdly unnecessarily for women customers all the time and it always makes me retch. She can open a fucking door my dude, you're not some paragon of chivalry.
A murderhostel.
But he looks like Blanka...
I wonder if anyone at Firaxis understood that Laurier should have had a french accent.
ie. the chewed up regurgitation of the last 30 years of culture. Poor kids, they got nothing of their own.
Like all the life it describes, it was created by mashing two ugly things together.
No, see, that's exactly what I'm talking about. *They don't talk about us at all*.
Aw shit, not the kitties.
I never said it wasn't creepy. It's fucking evil. I said *you shouldn't be shocked*.
Yeah, it just feels weird. Like if someone calls a bird or a turtle pregnant it's... it just doesn't feel right to me
I'm saying it wouldn't have even come up if one of the main actors wasn't Canadian.
I was discussing this with my wife today. She was talking about me just needing the right motivation. I said motivation isn't my problem, I have been given all the good motivation in the world. The problem is *me*, and that motivation just doesn't work on me.
https://youtu.be/DOPHorPkiTw
It's on Crave.
I have a feeling Wayne grows barley for puppers and Gus n' Brew.
Sure, but why evolve to crow?
The Punisher, Wolverine, Daredevil, Black Widow, Nick Fury, or any number of pissed off New York metahumans would kill him pretty quickly. Fury especially. He doesn't tolerate that kind of crap.
Well... being a non-believer has nothing to do with being a terrible person.
&gt;I think we all know where this is going [Here?](https://youtu.be/yZaQXYhe1i4)
&gt;I don't wanna eat butt-shaped pancakes Coward.
Because that one didn't fit "the narrative".
&gt;Defund means abolish. As in, all money goes elsewhere and police don't exist anymore. Yeah, we all know how well mob justice works. You think *the police* are indiscriminately killing black people?
No, my point was that the context of who the person is is important, and that a universal "all human beings are more important than all property" blanket law is stupid. If Trump stole my car, I'd be fine if someone shot him. If someone local I didn't know did it, I'd expect them to go through the legal system process. That being said, the reason we have the legal process in the first place is so we *don't* rely on emotional impulse to deal with crime, and so that every citizen is dealt with with the same fairness.
Reality is grim. Five billion years of life murdering itself and then the sun explodes. Maybe if the Neanderthals or Denisovans had been the successful ones instead of us, but no such luck.
My Warlock's main gimmick is healing. And... [this.](https://youtu.be/yZaQXYhe1i4)
Haha, pffft.
My god, the smell in that room.
Because no one has an ethical duty to employ anyone, and no one has a moral duty to support anyone, even themselves if they choose not to.
Yes. Someone who uses the word cringe as a noun will surely break the spell over me.
Wait did they just invert 616 and add a zero?
Why you gotta do my boy Typhlosion dirty like that.
God, I'm so glad my childhood was shitty and I learned how to deal with all this stuff.
Ponyo
&gt;(and in fact moral neutrality is not a thing that actually exists it's just evil by way of laziness). That's because you believe allowing something to happen is the same as causing it to happen. And that's just, like, your opinion man.
&gt;Drows' dark skin is coding for their evil alignment. It is?
Danger Doggos.
&gt;To be fair, everyone is weak to Shotgun. Not grizzly bears.
&gt;TIL it's based on a coup's album and that the movie is about this shit and is not a work comedy about blending into telemarketing. Did... people think that it was about that?
&gt;coprolalia Shit... speak? Is that literally Latin for pottymouth?
Fuck you I'll fight that sawmill you fuckin know I will.
I think I've played every class in D&amp;D exceeeeeept... Wizard and Druid? I think?
I don't have to turn off my empathy to pretend kill pretend bandits.
No. You don't get to use Dex for everything just because it's your high stat
Corrugated plastic sign loosely tied to pole: Brilliant anti-waste idea.
Equal and Opposite, motherfucker.
Am I thinking of Patrice O'Niell?
I mean, people become "adventurers" for a reason. It takes a real lunatic to do that for a living. So either you make a character who is on a *specific* journey, for a specific reason and they'll stop when their goals are complete. Or you make a character who can't or has no reason to do anything else but be a lunatic who fights monsters for a living. Usually that involves dead loved ones.
[The Stormwind Fallacy](https://www.reddit.com/r/dndnext/comments/60ed6s/optimizing_vs_roleplaying_the_stormwind_fallacy)
Stick of Truth plays more like the Mario &amp; Luigi games.
It *super* worked.
But how else will they absorb my psychic essence?
Who *talks* like that?
"We aren't ingorant!" THE SCATHING IRONY
&gt; Just World Hypothesis. I mean, doesn't this also account for the viewpoints of everyone in this thread? That the world *shouldn't* have the inequality it does because it *should* be just? Dude we should feel grateful we don't have parasites.
Nope! Just several beer cans.
How are they not getting a Cease and Desist for this. Japan is notoriously litigious about IP copyright.
Imagine being picked up by your fucking *chest skin*.
Just imagine that moment inside Fisk's mind. When he realizes that during his entire time with Peter as a thorn in his side, that Peter has essentially been just *playing hero* with him.
Kinky.
But it's totally voluntary guys.
&gt;"But in *socialized* medicine, there are huge *waiting lists* for doctors!", they like to argue. There really isn't though. You just don't get to buy better medical care. Triage is triage, and I only ever hear the "wait times" argument from old Canadians who think they should go first.
And customers are *stupid* and lazy. And entitled. If you had a tv ad that said something was $9.99 and the tag was priced with the tax included, they'd kick and stamp and scream until you lowered the price to be $9.99 after taxes. Actually they'd probably demand a discount for "false advertising".
What's the difference? If anything, when the tax is included in the sticker price I actually have to do *division* if I want to know what the actual price of the item is.
