Nor did they keep screaming , ‘Oh my god’, ‘Oh my god’
It does say a lot about the country if they need to have these sorts of things. Even in some degenerate American states with their horrific anti-abortion rules, these exist. Abortion and adoption rules need to be real and honest and loving and kind to the parents (not just the woman!!) so that the kid can find out who they are later.
Very small penis syndrome...!
I’m not surprised to hear of these bush medicines. They would have had many many years to try them out. I just wonder how or why they worked or did they? I also wonder if many tribes of aborigines had arthritis in their people. If so, were their efforts to relieve pain successful?
I would thank him and then ask is it difficult keeping a focus on moving forward on his projects when there is so much negativity? Then I would thank him again and encourage him, in my own very humble way, to definitely move forward on all his efforts especially in main power generation as well as battery design! Then I would squeal like a girl and post a selfie on Reddit!,,,
Where can I get it? Edit: Just ordered it from RedBubble as a New Year treat for me! It will go down a treat in Australia also who is tragically following The Great Cheeto in his policies and attitudes!
Beautiful looking dogs. It’s so heartening to see you giving them a wonderful life. Thank you immeasurably!
WHAT. A. MORON!
Well considering it’s a rather repulsive house with no redeeming architectural features and no landscaping to at least blunt the ugliness....yep, poop is a good title!
This would have been a good piece of coverage were it not for the obvious cringe sucking up to the LNP with Smoko on it twice! The proper scientific names and the graphics were good.
‘Make a bigger ho!’ ‘Make a bigger ho!’
Oh please! Stop it! I just can’t cope with this ultra dose of cuteness!
He’s got such a nice package in this shot...yummy!
“But how good is the cricket” BLOODY AGAIN! Will the idiots who voted for this government now see the errors of their ways for trusting these fools?
I didn’t know she was incarcerated AGAIN! How despicable of authorities to jail her yet allow Trumps colluding henchmen to go unpunished in his impeachment trials. A torturing dystopia if ever there was.
That driver really needs to be jailed for their recklessness!!
That’s bloody funny!
But hopefully this time he never comes back...!
Oh I’d wish more were built in Australia! I wish more Tesla’s were sold here. I wish we had a government that wasn’t in the pocket of the lying Murdoch papers who say climate change is not happening! Who claim electric cares are ridiculous!
Oh. Ok. But superchargers, in spite of increasing power, use some of that power to run.
Couldn’t agree more.
I so love black dogs. Often their coats are shimmering scenes of movement and life. And this one is absolutely beautiful. I want to caress and stroke this gorgeous animal, giving it the love and care it deserves. Thanks for posting.
She has aged terribly. What with the lips, the tits and especially the arse being too big for her body and her skin. Pathetic and sad.
It’s a kid.
It’s a kid
It was a kid
If I’m the asshole, then I’ll just close up real tight for a month! The boobs will sag, the vagina will dry up and all the other body parts will be begging to the asshole to open up, saying it clearly is the most important part of the body!
But...but...it’s mostly women who squeeze from the centre! I shared a house with two women years ago and I was the one who had the cleanest bathroom with the neatest toothpaste tube. It was horrific what I saw. A bloody massacre even!
Not yet (very long very sad story) but I’m hoping to do all things this year, which includes start building a totally off grid electric house and travel to Europe....so no, not yet.
Send the video/image (obviously taken by your passenger!) to the police and your government and ask them what they are doing about it. Then go to a crummy media outlet and get them to do a piece on it and you watch the cops squirm!!
How despicable.
Great post. Bravo, definitely one of the best. Hahahaha.
He is acting this way at the behest of the right wing-nuts in his party that hold the balance of power for him. Also because if he starts to act, then the population might get the CRAZY IDEA that climate change is real and we need to do a lot to counteract it. Which is exactly the opposite of what Murdoch and the mining lobby wants him to do! Geddit now? It may mean all those dumb ‘quiet Australians’ who voted for his lies will want to vote for someone who will promise to act properly at the next election.
This is a point I’m ( Australian) am aware of when looking at all the American cars without one. It seems a silly idea not to have a front plate for a number of safety and security reasons.
Yes, they have no policies and basically no plan moving forward. No ideas for the future of Australia other than just more gross exploitation at the hands of greedy robber barons!!
He’s just a mouth piece for the more greedy robber barons. As an advertising executive, he’ll say and do anything to keep in power.
A despicable politician leading despicable people of a despicable political party.
I had no idea it still existed!! Wow.
Kevin Spacey....now there is a name I haven’t heard in a long time. Isn’t he supposed to be in jail or dead or in Florida? Which are all the same thing anyway...!
Well, are not the standing of priests around the world the biggest fall from grace ever...? And justifiably so.
Umm...that heavily corroded part that is in desperate need of replacement is called YOUR WHOLE DAMN CAR! Strewth!
It’s probably the only Ferrari that doesn’t have electrical problems and won’t spontaneously ignite while driving out of the dealership...!
Cameras are NOT about safety. They are about revenue generation. Simple.
Thank you. No worries about the gold. I don’t need it. Cheers.
Haha. Gotta get that sweet juicy roll road taxes!! I hear you.
I get the joke. But in Victoria, they have set them at fining you from 4 kilometres over the limit!!!! So many people, myself included, have been fined for a simple mistake. The amount of revenue that’s raised is startling. And it’s NOT put back into building safer. better roads, which is one of the reasons for many creases. Nor is it put into proper car handling education. It goes into general revenue. It has been confessed and exposed by retired high level traffic police that it’s about revenue not road safety. Not my words - THIERS!!
WTF!!! That is a surreal video. A sick fucking joke.
I had a look at their website, and it’s amazing. Definitely a must see when I eventually get there!!
Yes, sadly and horrifically true!
You just time your manoeuvre properly. After nearly half a century of driving, I’ve hardly ever needed to absolutely gun it going onto the freeway. Adequate power is all you need, not outrageous power. Same for overtaking on country roads, good power to get around safely, not massive power.
All oil gives off hydrocarbons and other chemicals when hot. The engine sucks them into the combustion cycle and burns them through the PCV (positive crankcase ventilation) valve and hose. But the better synthetic oils give off less gasses. Also, at least once a month give the car a hot long trip of about 30 mins to help evaporate any water and other contaminants that have built up in the oil. Then afterwards check the levels of all fluids.
Yeah. Apocalyptic stuff when you see what we are doing to the world.
I remember Carly Simon and Twiggy were the heights of many a stylists dreams. There were others, but I can’t remember their names.
It’s the exhaust muffler bracket. For all the other rust, I’d get a couple of brushes and paint on chemical rust converter. That should help strengthen and protect what’s left of all areas of rust.
Roads by law had to be designed to carry traffic at certain speeds. The bloody cops and naysayers won’t allow traffic to flow at 130 kph on certain freeways as they scream there’ll be a fucking holocaust!!!!
Well....The Big Cheeto wants to be a warlord like Putin and other strongmen of hardline states. He wants to prove he isn’t the big orange chicken also....which we know he is anyway.
If the son was a bit older, I would have gotten him to help in as much a capacity as he could. He would learn many skills such as patience, safety, handling of tools and a lot more respect for the unit. As well as have a better relationship with the father. But that’s just me being a teacher again I guess. Not that the kid didn’t love the unit, it’s absolutely wonderful. But where you can enhance the relationship, you do. Just my two cents worth.
Thanks for this, but it must be really huge and thick to show up on these images, remember. It’s down past Camperdown now and will be all over the place soon!
I’d love to put a huge sign up just before there and get everyone to slow right down so they didn’t get a bloody cent!!!
I was once in a straight nightclub and it was quite busy. A guy and a girl were heavily kissing right next to me at the bar. Her right hand was kept around her drink, not on him. So I ran my hand through his hair and over his ear. He squirmed in closer to her while I did it. It was so sexy to do as he was really good looking! Haha.
Who cares, it’s hilarious and still a good warning for idiots!,
He isn’t blind. He’s not allowed to be truthful by his controllers, News Limited!
‘I want to look tough and all that stuff, like, but...with none of that yucky dirty stuff...like...’ - /s
And as it’s not a stressed member or safety issue......if it works it’s not stupid! Besides, that new plate has given it more protection. Look at the hits it’s had on the right side.
Both are real sweeties!
Oh yeah! That’s hilarious!
Wow. How dare that woman exist in our space time continuum...-/s
‘MURICA! FUCK YEAH!
So ugly. And as they would charge twelve thousand dollars for it (if it’s not totally fake!) adding insult to injury. Nope. Not working for me, Cassandra!! I mean, talk about wearing labels on yourself!!
There were lots in Victoria when they first came out. They were so much fun to have and drive.
School fires are usually always deliberately lit. It’s so sad that people do this, but as a retired secondary teacher, I can appreciate the anger that some students have towards a disconnected education, the institution that fostered the anachronistic pedagogy and a deep,t unfulfilled life. Even if the arsonist didn’t go to that particular college, they take their frustration out on that place. Sad all round.
Is there any legal aid for him or he can contact for advice? That would be my first port of call. Good luck.
Yes, their lives are short but their giving and loving is so strong and ongoing. All my care for you.
It’s so good to see young guys dancing. The vulnerability one expresses when dancing in pairs is something you don’t see a lot of in guys normally.
Aren’t they what! Those colours are just so gorgeous.
Australians have a word for this..this...thing. It’s fugly - as in fucking ugly.
Oh dear. I shudder to think of that.
Christ! I can see an advertisement for an outrageously over the top American car from the early seventies being shot in front of this debacle!!
Yes, as a photography teacher I was puzzled how the water image wasn’t blurred! Yes, this is not exactly true.
I hear you. Yes, the silly people who got sucked into GOT, would believe anything to keep a fantasy alive. I really feel for the normal residents who find it difficult to live there. In Melbourne Australia, the cost of housing is absurd because of the city’s incredible growth. It’s well onto the way of becoming a mega city. It’s loosing its appeal of being one of the best cities in the world to live in.
Well done. That’s an incredibly beautiful job you all did.
How did the kid get into the pool area? Was there no one watching it? Are these the only adults around? Lots of questions.
Oh I know! I’ve been a high school teacher at many outings to either the swimming pool or camping ground or major city exploring or museum, etc. Keeping track of every kid is a nightmare of biblical proportion. And I appreciate a parent can get very tired of being warden. But that ‘fence’ seemed weird as it didn’t totally block off the pool?
Yeah, without knowing everything or actually being there, it’s impossible to accurately assess anything. But that dive was pretty dramatic. All kudos to the father. He could dive pretty good!
Yes, you are right. Nice dive though!
Hey guys! Don’t put your dick in that....! Hahaha!
But, as many are saying, if they aren’t bothering you...don’t bother them. All kudos for having the courage though.
Well he and Dutton already have in their pursuit of whistle blowers, journalists, activists and those pesky immigrants who chose to come by boats instead of 747 and just overstay their visas!! And I’m sure I’m forgetting a lot of others that that assassinate but I just don’t know. Oh yes! Information and truth and transparency in government. They’ve killed that off real fucking dead and buried!!
‘MURICA! FUCK YEAH!
Nice actions. I can’t help thinking about when the first good electric chainsaws will come out. I’ve got a small one now and it would do this limbing job ok. But the cutting down of large trees...no. Not with this one. But soon, I reckon.
Yeah, firestorms just adore eucalyptus forests. The oil in the leaves is a highly volatile substance!
Ok. Sorry. I don’t get it?
Dear lord! Her colour and fur are so on point. She really is a very good looking dog. I’m envious of you and hope you both have a simply stunning life together, with lots of training and love and care.
Brutal! I love it!
Unless it is heavily policed, it’ll still happen. But yes, this is a good start.
And.....it’s The Guardian ....again! I’m so glad I have a small subscription to their online version. They deserve it.
Nope. They don’t match. Or suit each other.
We need to see a greater context for each or either, please. Some photos or other design ideas.
Abysmal technique and awful lack of appropriate hygiene. Yep, welcome to Asia. And about that ridiculous thumbnail..!
Where are you?
Hahahaha. Brilliant
A lovely find on a quiet beach walk. Don’t know about all the sand ...!
Wow. Both really bloody cute!
I’d have to bring a large soft cushion because that concrete would hurt my knees pretty quickly! Ooooh, yummy!
Yes! Isn’t it a wonderful feeling on your cock and balls where the sun doesn’t get to all the time.
Umm, these are wildfires now, that kill everything, not flush things out of the grass.
I live in south west Victoria and have not had much smoke at all up till today. I don’t know how people have survived with heavy smoke. I need fresh air from a window over me to be able to sleep. I’ll see how I go. Good luck to everybody in this awful situation.
Nice everything, but I guess you weren’t asked back to help out at the day care centre again...! Hahaha.
Damn. His poor ears are gone! That’s such a shame as he seems a lovely dog.
I saw this photo elsewhere and knew sure as hell it was gonna end up here! Hahahaha. Damn funny.
Just shoot me! Just shoot me...please...!
Wow all that fouling on the blades would affect their effectiveness. No? Was it in for a clean?
Dear god! What with the number of illnesses I have avoided, I wanna thank my parents for their hard work in getting me to eat well as a child and to their good genetics!
Baboons arse grafted onto her face. Ridiculous.
Thanks dad! Hahaha
As someone who has spent more than fifty years cutting wood, I believe that is a fairly light straight grain wood. You can hear also how the wood sounds when it bounces off other pieces. They tend to be the easiest to split. I also would never cut it after it fell on its side like that. The chance of the axe skewering off to the side and hitting your leg is high, especially as I keep my axes very sharp.
Or a similar sized yellow box eucalyptus. They are very hard and heavy logs to split.
Dangerous chopping.
As an Australian, I find your comment reprehensible......and bloody hilarious!
Actually you are incorrect. I do have a disability. Two in fact. One is Complex PTSD, the other is clinical depression. Oh, and I do have quite a high IQ. The only reason I know it, is because I was sent to a neurologist-psychiatrist (I think that’s his title?!) to be tested. The Catholic Churches lawyers wanted to know if I was an idiot and never would have amounted to much. Or, if the years of gross, violent and traumatic sexual abuse I suffered at the hands of three clergy pedophiles, dramatically affected my capacity to develop my skills and talents into a viable existence. Guess what, the churches lawyers settled out of court in 1997 for a six figure sum. After the Royal Commission into child abuse response, I’ve come to the conclusion, along with a number of barristers, that that amount was grossly inadequate. I’m heading back to the courts this year to get my due. So you see, it IS gods fault for allowing so many child sex crimes to happen under his nose that I am poor. But hopefully not for too much longer!
This is why I have never been in a long term relationship. I couldn’t understand how to have one. Child sex abuse fucks everything in your life!
Yeah, the wonderful humour and perfect cause. What a combo!
Thanks. That’s enough. Cheers.
Thanks, that’s so beautiful of you to say that. I do too !! Haha. I’ll party hard for once in my life Cheers
The size of it!! The dog. I meant the dog! Wow. Respect!
Hmmm, Mr Gay Germany, hey? I loved listening to him talk even though I couldn’t understand a word. So lovely.
Usually a power sexual inadequate ness. Or something like that. But yes, very little sympathy for someone who does actually light them at the moment.
Oh I would. That way we can all take selfies and post them to social media with lots of emojis and the burnt corpse!! 🥰❤️🧡😈 - /S
The colours are so beautiful. Both in the sky and on the screen.
Bernese are so beautiful. Such amazing animals.
They are so protective of their homes and people. Such amazing animals.
Yes, I was wondering why it wasn’t scrapped also?
Bernese are such damn gorgeous animals! So protective and loving of their owners.
No! You can never say that a woman has difficulty in changing their mind, as they never made it up in the beginning...!
...it’s owned by an idiot.
Then they need video cameras that are monitored by security. It would undoubtedly save on replacing them every couple of years, no?
Is that the worst photo of this guy I have ever seen...or what? I thought it would have bern physically impossible for him to have a bad photo???
Looks like a set for The Thunderbirds! (Have I just given my age away?)
Oh no! Now that you’ve told everyone the real problem, Murdoch’s rags will be all over this! /S
Did you read the article or not?
That back seat looks really claustrophobic.
If they had real foresight, they wouldn’t have purchased a vehicle with abominable handling characteristics, no?
Yeah. Go for it, BMW. just means more sales for Tesla
I’ve added the ‘/S ‘ symbol as it seems the joke is being missed by everyone.
Ah! How dare you mention that movie to me! Hahaha. Yeah, definitely the original puppet series. I remember seeing as many as I could when I was a kid when they first came out. I knew they were puppets, but I just loved the inventiveness of the creators. The fun with the multi wheeled cars and trucks.
Wow, umm, yeah, nope, that’s not working, girl...!
To help those older engines go better, the fuel injection, air intake and headers and exhaust need to be the best you can afford. Old engines love to ‘breathe’ properly.
Fark! The very definition of trashy.
Sweeeet! That’s incredibly insulting. Well done, my lord.
Oh dear. Porsche seems to have lost it’s way with their designs, I think.
Wow, some of the poverty in Australia was horrific. These sorts of pictures show how women had to bear the brunt of poverty with trying to raise children.
What a sublime post with a subversive word as the coda. Well done.
What on earth (assuming it’s on earth) is this throbbing creature?
What an incredible animal situation. Startling.
Holy Sheet! That must have been an incredible curry!! Bwahahahaha!
Thank you!! It’s ok to be on mobile. A lot of us commit that sin everyday but we are often left without recourse! Haha.
That’s superb. So dark and brooding. There is a Mount Elephant near me in Victoria, Australia. But in traditional Aussie fashion, it’s laying down and ‘taking it easy!
He would be thanking you for the incredible amount of love you showed him by not allowing him to suffer. It’s the most generous and vulnerable expression of love, to do something that will hurt you, but care for them. Well done.
Yes, as cute and fluffy as this creature is, we need to stop and ask ourselves not if we can, but if we should. Is it really caring for these animals to be bred that have often have a tough life of medical issues?
That water looks like it should be deeper. It’s easier on their joints to not have to actually walk much at all but to swim.
How dystopian can you get. Blame the victim again.
It’s ‘Happy Sharky’, friend for all the family.
Be prepared. As a very capable adult man, I still have solid gloves in my car jack space so I don’t get filthy hands if I need to change a tyre in the wet! Or the dry, come to think of it. But as for her selfishness dressed up as chivalry, forget it. If the feminist movement has taught me anything, don’t assume. Yes, off to help. But don’t assume.
r/kidsarestupid
Aren’t these dogs just the most amazingly beautiful animals. They encapsulate almost the two extremes of the dog world - total love and care, and an ability and willingness to be totally deadly.
Any more information? Who what where when, etc?
I guess he looks like this because he has seen some shit! I’ll just show myself out...,!
It’s an intriguing photo. A nice old BMW produced in an era of restrained lines and airy cabins, parked outside an abandoned villa. Is that what they are called? Very interesting vibes indeed.
What an utterly fascinating photo. I often go through the faces of the people in old photos and wonder who would look like you’d see them down the street. Thanks for posting.
But doesn’t it have to start somewhere and sometime? A change to a more human friendly environment must start somewhere, otherwise you just keep making excuses to never begin.
Why father, we most certainly are digging deeply for the turnips this year. Is that why you carry all those implements, to cut through this peat bog faster than last season?
You didn’t show inside the engine bay or the interiors much at all.
It was a shame how these cars tended to just sag and drop all over the place. The door hinges were too weak, the suspension components were over stressed and brakes were awful. They rusted like crazy and had terrible wipers and lights. Some aspects of the engine were ok but needed a lot of upkeep. All in all a car of the times. But occasionally on a good day on the right road, they were fun and kept the dream alive. Come Monday though and all bets were off...!
Meth, not even once..!
Yeah, this is the best word for hm. COWARD!
Yes, it would be a real shame for that ‘citadel of sin’ to burn down in a fire!
Hmm, I never had a single pop up. What are you reading it on? I’m on an iPad with Adblock on. I guess that stops them, no.
Maybe don’t cause damage. Just stick a couple of little twigs in their valves so they need to call a tow truck to take them to a place to re-inflate.
What. Too drunk to join in licking his head?
But they always do, just before licking your face when you get home!
But it’s not bandwidth to view what’s on the USB stick. You just play the stick, no? What’s so difficult with that? Nope. Sounds screwy to me that you can’t just plug and play whatever media is recorded on the USB.
I wish he would go back to Hawaii and never come back. And take that whole bloody useless LNP front bench with him.
No shit Sherlock! Of course these lying pack of corrupt politicians would do that. It’s what the ageing boomers wanted when the quiet Australians believed the lies and voted this rabid pack back into power. -/S
Hahahahaha why does this always come up? I just love the perverse fascination Redirects has with the scata-logical.
Damn. I’d love to meet a cute looking geologist, like this chap. Anyone got his number...?! Oh yeah, what a highly intriguing rock formation. Is it from a heat situation?
Because people need some article, whatever shape that takes, be it clothes, cars or houses, to make their lives seem interesting. And there are just as many people who will exploit that desire for money. Yes, they are ridiculous and unnecessary.
Man? Woman? Or another species...!!
It even has Tasmania. Sort of. If you squint hard enough.
‘MURICA! FUCK YEAH!
Hey, New Zealand, you call this average...? I hate you! You are pathetic and cruel. You rub the rest of the worlds nose in it when it comes to utterly mesmerising, stunning scenery. In almost valley after valley after valley, you parade your gorgeous land that bedazzles the mind and silences the heart. With mountains and valleys and waterways that are truly the envy of the world, you beguile and woo the traveller. You truly are flawless with what you offer.
I couldn’t agree more. Absolutely couldn’t agree more.
I’m not talking about other powerful organisations, I’m talking about one of the oldest and most powerful organisations that persistently claims to be THE ONE AND ONLY true messenger of god! That governments and law institutions bow and scrape to. That organisation should not claim to be representatives of god. Clearly they are not.
My heart goes out to him and his desires for connection. All my care.
Attention seeking. It’s quite simple really.
I humbly offer you my upvote, my liege..!
A man of the people.
I knew that was going to be an Australian! Bloody ripper.
I’m pretty sure it’s Australian. That guys’ comment has an Aussie accent.
Yes! I often just have to walk into the room and the end of the dogs tail starts to go. It’s one of my absolute joys to see this. I love her obviously as much as she loves me!!
Holy Strewth! Please take it from a 58 yr old gay man. You look fine! Yes go to the gym- that’s what they are for! If you are basically healthy...GO FOR IT!
If I was in the camera situation, I wouldn’t say anything until it went to court. Then just simply showed the video and caused her to pay for a whole lot more! The dumb idiot she is deserves it all.
My heart bleeds for all those short sellers...wait a second...no it doesn’t! But my face laughs!
How did you get those wheels and tyres to fit under the knuckle at the front? And can you tell us what size and brand each is, thank you?
It’s rather amazing to see these images and think of how cities gave been built up from such simple beginnings.
Why do people like him have to interfere in other peoples sexuality?
In spite of being a good sized city, Ballarat misses out on a large number of services. No air quality meter? That’s amazing.
As someone who grew up near Ballarat, you won’t get any arguments from me!!
This has been reposted all over the web by every man and his dog.
Edifice to a very corrupt religion. Don’t believe me? Just challenge them in court to look after the millions of victims of child sex crimes they have allowed and covered up around the globe! They are spending a considerable fortune to protect their wealth and power.
Too bad it will all be forgotten and forgiven by next election time. Especially after Murdoch’s rags spread more ignorance and everyone believes it like they did last election.
But it has cleaner air than almost anywhere in Australia thanks to decades of corrupt politicians!
Because of most peoples fear of losing their job and thus their house, they will never revolt against this LNP government who manipulates these fears!
If the scientist I was listening to today on ABC radio is correct, it’ll take many years for all the carbon and ash from these fires to clear the globe. It was scary stuff as she explained that the jet streams will be carrying it for years!
Yeah. Australian federal government wants to outlaw peaceful activists and ban all rallies!!
Yes, your perspective see accurate to me. As much as a non-American would want the POTUS to be a socialism advocate, the swing needed would be earth shattering for a lot of rabid capitalists. But it seems to be the last hope before Republicans decimate the world with their reactive policies.
As an Australian, I don’t recognise this white powder? What is it? - /S
These sorts of practical advice and lessons can be so beneficial for students that struggle in a ‘chalk and talk’ environment.
Bits and pieces. It’s very ad-hoc and mostly driven by the ability of the teacher and school to support that teacher. But do remember, the best policies are the ones with enough room for curriculum to be adapted to the needs of individual students and cohorts. So maybe this gardening is not very conducive to all students and schools situations.
We are so very sorry to you. Unfortunately we have leadership that is asleep at the wheel while we burn. So tragic but hopefully an impetus for change.
Actually that’s a good point. They are fighting against protestors by making it a crime to protest those itty bitty insecure mining companies...!!
Thank you. This site is highly educational.
Because they’ve ripped it off someone else so they want to make it appear to YT that it’s a new video, most likely.
As an Australian living in a very flat old dry dusty country, I don’t know what those things are? ‘Huge mountains’...you don’t say...! Utterly incredible images. Definitely on my bucket list.
The big blue Spanner often is the solution!
Beyond the amazingly obvious and clear amount of corruption this government has partaken in, it seems the X-Ian PM has little time for integrity or humility. He never says sorry, never repents and will never help out the poor. How anti-Jesus can you get?!
I also suffer a lot of pain through arthritis. I often need to have compassion towards myself when I have to take a ‘care’ day and just stay in bed looking after myself. I need to see that my worth isn’t that I’m working, but that I’m alive and being true to myself. Yes, it’s great to work at times, but it’s also fantastic to take care of your precious life. Cheers and good on you for participating.
That colour of that dress and boots against her skin is a really lovely choice. Yeah, too bad about the fupa!
I just love his name. So down to earth and real. Good video, thanks so much for the smiles!
Ooooh, yes, how incredibly intimate and personal that connect would be. Thank you for sharing that beautiful story.
Love it!
Denial. Denial. Denial. Denial. Denial. Denial. There is nothing about the Catholic Church that makes me believe for even a microsecond, that it is about integrity, morality, justice, purity, transparency or anything that approaches repentance. As a survivor of three clergy pedophiles, I’ve never heard a single bishop be repentant and humble. Not a single one. And I’ve been going totally public since 1993!
Many years ago I saw James Brown in a smallish nightclub in Melbourne. Utterly utterly brilliant! Still one of the best concerts of my life. Three days later saw Pink Floyd at a tennis stadium. Felt so utterly boring as we weren’t even allowed to stand up! You clearly needed to be stoned and in your own lounge room. Such an awful letdown.
Australian ones often do, especially if they are near a nightclub.
We have lost so much of our land. I’m afraid to go touring like I used to!!
Is it just me or does this seem a bit too narrow to be a large building site access road? The trees are very close to the side of the road and the main road turn lanes seem non-existent?
It’s all about including potential customers in the progress of your factory. It makes for better customers. A bit dystopian from one perspective. But you do have to hand it to Musk, he really does get the job done and Tesla’s customers do have a cultish attitude to virtually everything he does. So their interest will be assured. He is very funny on one level and inclusive and engaging. But his hostility towards unions is regrettable.
If that’s the one on the corner of the lane way, I’ve been there and yes, there were cops there!
This is near Camperdown in south west Victoria! And now there’s water coming in through my ceiling light fixtures!!
I just read that the locals are complaining that the factory wants too much water!! Intriguing.
Fucking brilliant post!!
Yeah, it’s mostly overflowing gutters that were full of large hail. Huge amounts of hail fell in the small town I’m in because as the storm came in from the ocean, it went over the close nearby mountain and compressed and drastically dumped its water as hail into the area. We were so hot earlier in the day I had to run two air conditioners. Then the temperature plummeted and the wind and hail came.
Hahahaha! Well spotted. Yes, the property has two entrances. The one you see and another to the right that gives access to the farming area out the back. There would have also been a number of cattle drives along my road of sheep (actually still those a few times a year) and cattle. I was told, when I made the same exclamation, that I’m clearly from the city...! They are to stop stray livestock from entering the property.
Damn ugly. Whatever you call it.
For those tailgaters that just don’t get the first few brake checks...!
I’m almost crying at the phenomenal injustices perpetrated by the British. War is righteous at this moment.
Pitiful excuse attempt. These are the kind of turds who support Trump and his crap.
Always check your sources. Take it from a Media Studies teacher. A good supply of credible news sources to cross check information is what people should be doing. DO NOT GET YOUR NEWS FROM FACEBOOK, TWITTER OR INSTAGRAM!
Thanks. The final staircase must be fascinating. A picture would be great, thanks.
I’ve only been here about 60 years. Guess I haven’t seen it all yet..! /S
Umm, notice how I didn’t put Reddit on that list? Reason being that here, we get a real cross section of opinion. And many, many links to other articles.
Meth and mental illness...what a combination!
Yep. It would be bought by someone willing to do all the labor on a car that has depreciated markedly especially as you have already had a crash in it. It COULD be repaired, but labor costs are the big ticket with this one.
They are coming down so fast, the camera can’t catch them................
Why don’t you just change the style?
Longer videos please. Do not torment us with these morsels of fun and frivolity. We need more to satisfy our urges and quench our desires....thank you...!
It’s always like that with cops. All over the world. They want a chance to let out their bully urges.
Shit! You look fucking awesome, mate!
Hopefully this change in attitude leads to a change in believing the false rhetoric of Trump and his ilk.
I see these abandoned places and can’t help but think of the wasted resources sitting here. Not that they can be restarted into going concerns nowadays, as I know such as with these machines, technology has moved on. But how either the building could be repurposed as something else or used to help a community in some way. Also that a lot of money was sunk up into setting these places up, and that so much profit must have been made to enable the owners to just leave them to rot back into the earth, no?
Oh! Meccano were the best things on earth. I was given quite a large set for my birthday when I was about 7 years old. I would spend many hours sprawled over the lounge floor making one incredible little ma hi e after the other. I now have my cars to satisfy my ‘nut and bolt’ urges!
Wouldn’t it be more like, “Felt like I murdered those short sellers, might go make another amazing company later!” Or something like that...?
This old repost of many times. Kill it with fire.
‘MURICA! FUCK YEAH!
Use an ‘oil flush’ every second oil change. Use the better synthetic oils. Go for frequent long trips where the motor is hot and burns off carbon build ups in the cylinders. Or at least once a week for a daily commuter driver, put it in a lower gear and accelerate fast for about three seconds. This helps to clean out the cylinder heads. Don’t rely on the manufacturers oil change regime. Change a bit earlier - about a few thousand kilometres earlier to keep your engine this clean.
Speaking as a mature gay man who was sexualised early and improperly, I’ve heard very little about the role of sensuality and affection. The very gentle touching and caressing of a person, either yourself or others before, during and after sex. That’s something I wish more guys had learned and hooked into. This need not even lead to sex, but be an experience in and of itself. It’s where trust and familiarisation of your own and others bodies and desires can be understood. Trust is a difficult state to earn but easily lost. It’s something that guys are not learning from their fathers as they have not been taught it by their fathers, and so on back through the generations.
Not my original statement. I read it in the analysis of Brexit by a number of commentators in England of the rise of the conservative vote in the last election. This is in spite of horrific predictions in how the elite wealthy wanted to use and manipulate he fears of low educated older white people. The economic situation that is predicted to be used by the very wealthy in the laws that the conservatives will bring - and other controls that they won’t- are being covered over by the simple manipulations of austerity. Along with the ‘tribalisations’ of perspectives of countries after the influx of refugees to Western Europe in the past decade. This fear of loss of control is easily manipulated by right wing parties the world over. Stephen Fry did a brilliant little film about this. It’s worth a hunt around to find it. Along side of this fear of losing control is the loss of much of the funding for government agencies that the baby boomers in particular have grown up with. Such as the NHS, the education system, the public service, the pension system and other institutions that the conservatives have been squeezing to a point where it’s easy to point and say, ‘See, the government can’t run this, it must be sold off to private business’. This is the neo-liberal practise in many countries where government services are sold off or tendered off to private companies often run by complex shelf companies own in part by close associates or even former members if parliament. Again it’s the transfer of public monies to the private sector under the oft said but now discredited myth that private business can always be run better than government public services.
Also, how do you get your hands on one of these robots and how do you access new software for it?
I must admit that I just adore the colours of Adelaide. The stonework and trees and tee tree fences are such a delight for me when ever I holiday there. It seems like the gateway to the outback.
Just had a look around the town and read a bit more about its history and the modern city. Not very impressive, sadly. Maybe someone can write a more complete and nuanced story of Dresden to show where it’s at now and where it seems to be going at a city?
If you know a garage near you that you can ask if they look at it and replace the missing bolts, that would be best. It’s there for a reason. It looks like it’s protecting something from the heat of the exhaust system. It’s worth getting fixed as it was put there for a good reason.
She needs to be exposed to the French authorities for her arrogance and any laws she broke.
I wonder if this could be modified for sale to women who have problems crimping their hair...? -/S
I heard a friend of mine refer to silver duct tape as Alabama Chrome. Would this be accurate?
Exactly how old was the potato that that video was shot on?
How about ‘The Cum On Inn’?
One thing that’s worrying me right now, is how much we are going to miss going for drives or trips in so many parts of the country now that this is all we will see. There will be little shade and no soft greens to help winter images. But I know m going to go to areas that need my tourist dollars to keep going. And this I will do. But my heart aches for so much of this burnt and dry country.
Wow, what horrors and trauma these women were about to be exposed to. This amazes me that some were prepared to give their all in a field of war and suffer for it probably the rest of their lives. My heart aches for their pain. So many unsung heroes.
They both are. But his Instagram looks a little shallow and vain.
Hahahahaha, very funny. But people do understand it apparently is because of the closeness of pleasure centres and feet control centres in the brain. I’m sure I read that somewhere?
I’m totally appalled and horrified at the destruction of Australia’s potential in many aspects by vitriol from Murdoch’s media empire. They really need to ‘go back on the boats’ to England where they came from..!
As a previous documentary maker and film teacher, I used to actually scream at the propensity for producers to lazily slap some Muzak over the top of atmo sounds and basically ruin their pieces! I find that especially happens with automotive media production. I can’t even begin to recall how many videos I’ve switched off part way through because of this crap.
God knows it can’t be worse than the original...!
I just adore how their ears go back when they finally get to touch their owner. My friends dog does that and she is a big strong girl also. She is being so incredibly sweet and submissive when she does it, so I’m incredibly moved that such a powerful and sensitive beast loves me also! Aw-shucks...!
Not necessarily a pit thing. My friends Bull Arab X Bernese is a big strong dog but freaks out at being caught in a door. She could smash most doors down, but I’ve always put it down to the abuse she suffered as a pup under the cruel hands of her breeder. Yes, he did affect her in many ways, and my friend and I have helped her overcome some things since she was rescued, but doors...no way. So it’s absolutely beautiful to see the shepherd look back towards the person to see what they were going to do. So beautiful indeed the care shown.
Excellent list. I still find myself needing clarification at times. Thanks for posting.
He seems an idiot to immediately go and ask a person out without giving them any idea what he is like. Strange.
Nowadays to just go up to a woman and ask for a drink is creepy. Especially in the ‘post truth’ era. If you stop them, introduce yourself and maybe with a smile, state the challenge you are doing and ask or offer to be in on the joke or something to show you are not just straight up demanding but offering. Does that make sense?
I blow my nose in your general direction..!
What an absolutely gorgeous dog! I’m so envious of you having a fun beauty!
I was watching a car ‘grater’ in Melbourne once and the entire concrete floor was shaking in spite of massive rubber feet! Scary as all hell to see even steel engine blocks bring pelletised.
Strewth. So incredibly sorry! Lots of videos may be a good way to prepare for the inevitable. Give yourself a buffer to look at later. Cheers.
Lucy and Pietro were fond of the deep dark woods, taking off on afternoon ventures. it’s where their footprints would end one day in the middle of the path. They just stopped and the two were never heard from again. !
Holy Mother of Roller Bearings! Now that’s a wonderful sight to behold.
But wait...did you have any onions in it?? Not a full citizen until you do! Hahaha
Farken brilliant stuff!
If we could harness the energy from hat tail, we’d be carbon neutral in no time!
They are absolutely beautiful in my eyes! I love being near them and hearing the whooshing of the blades and the noise of the generators. They are a magical symbol of the future and I love them.
I’ve seen this a few times and I think it’s the best way to restock if you are drunk and don’t want to drive, no?
I don’t know, it was just a little attempt at humour!
Such a well executed cutting, date I say surgical? Well done indeed.
But NSW definitely needs an uprising nowadays to challenge some of the amazing laws they’ve passed. Laws that have killed off almost all nightlife in Sydney, the moving of a stadium because...because...! And corruption at so many levels by so many politicians. And don’t get me started on the police force. Look up the way Peter Fox has been treated for raising questions about corrupt detectives for starters. Abomination if ever I’ve seen it.
And the horror of the Republicans just continues to roll over the world. What a dangerous policy from a dangerous organisation.
It looks like a scene out of a Monty Python film - but I don’t see any coconuts being carried by swallows!
How did you join them? Glued? Screwed? Bolted?
Oh be still my beating heart. This has truly got to be one of the most beautiful images on the net. So very very sweet to see males being tender and loving. As we can be at times!
Yes, your lawyer should be able to best advise you dependant on your location and it’s laws.
I know the photo distorts, but I have an issue with any building that reduces the occupants to mere ant status. Whether it be brutalism or any other specimen where you are reduced to being bit players in its occupancy, when the ‘style’ is so over the top that there is no way anyone can put their own stamp of occupancy on it, then you, the resident, matter not one iota! The building exists in its own space. Where as a more modest building could accomodate change and individuality with each apartment. Both inside and out. Also, all black! Ok I get the humour and the modernism of it, I really do get it. But the affectations will date very quickly as they do not link to any previous architectural style, nor do they have any gentleness or humanity in their existence. When you exclude the human, you exclude the occupant. It becomes a place where the architect rules and the resident dies. Yes, I like aspects of modernism, but where it’s done in sympathy to its use. Not where it looks like a modern insurance company headquarters.
And....just to prove HOW MUCH the protests are needed....we’ll crush you in the streets with the blessing of the most corrupt, violent POTUS in history!
Although true, yes, violence in a violent society can often bring Marshall law, that’s not how the majority of these protests start out! And the violence is absolutely initiated by the police. You would have to agree with that, yes?
I see the automatic car wash was in full swing today...! Yes, I know it’s a terrible situation...and I shouldn’t joke but, this is Reddit.
AAAAARRRRRGGGGHHHHHH.......!
Thanks for posting this. I find it particularly interesting to read of great aboriginal sports people who have played for Australia. And to read that racism should have no place here, in spite of it being so present in many sports.
And...what tone should be taken with a negligent driver? I grew up watching my father pull various body parts from wrecks. He was a country cop who had the responsibility of informing relatives of dead family members. He was very professional but it always affected him. He needed to be alone in his office for hours after each crash. I have numerous stories of blood and gore, but told gently, if you like?
I was put off r/australiapolitics because I was ‘too strident’ in my language towards those cowards in power that treat Deaths In Custody as nothing more than working collateral for having a strong force! Farg Me! Edit: Where are all the strident voices on Reddit about black deaths here? Hello? Anybody out there? Why are we such piss-weak people in Aus when it comes to standing up for our lives? Big questions!
Utterly repulsive!
What a brilliant and beautiful photo! Not only the vehicle matching the sand, the creative use of perspective and asymmetry, but my deepest desire to go travelling as soon as I can after all the lockdowns! I so love the colours of outback Australia.
Two things: 1- if you swing from side to side as you slowly work forward, you will get better coverage. 2- the above method will stop you from leaving lines as in this video.
I suspect they ARE straight. Also suspect they are ignorant, dumb and immature.
Everything about this whole sordid event smacks of a tyrant and cowardly bully getting his way till he is kicked out of power. Can’t wait.
What a mess. How is this a homestead?
If you are able to bolt directly to your chassis, that’s the most secure way to tow. The bumper is not really designed to two much weight, so I’d go looking for reinforcement brackets to go between the chassis and the point at where the tow ball mounts. I’m pretty sure a tow shop would be able to help you with fabrication of some for you.
Hahaha. Brilliant, thanks so much for a good laugh!
I like the president because he has some absolutely gorgeous dogs! And he allows those dogs into all sorts of offical places, which then proceed to help make what would be a normally stuffy affair, into a joyous one. How can you not love that?
Self deception is at the core of religious belief. It’s not too far a reach for the modern American ‘evangelical’ to allow themselves to believe that a Trump is the new messiah if he promises them the political power that is at the heart of this groups main desire. It’s not about being spiritual or godly, it’s about having power over other people’s lives to shore up their delusions about the correctness of their own beliefs.
So if he broke the first amendment, he isn’t he being arrested?
Yeah, easy to do when there’s so many other cases of blatant corruption coming out of the White House every day! It’s really hard to keep up with all the numbers and criminals and court cases, and investigations, and...and...!
Do Koenigsegg make any cars beyond the dozen or so they’ve made so far? It’s really quite sad, or poor, or even weak, that with all the hype around their cars, I don’t think they’ve made more than 20 vehicles, no? Strewth, even Bugatti has moved on from the initial Veyron to make a whole slew of vehicles.
Collapse happening...hmmm?
The kid could also do with a course in punctuation! Damn I hate these idiots who write in verbal diarrhoea!
That’s the one that’s always being rubbed and felt!
Definitely change companies as soon as you can. These sorts of exclusions and ass hat rules just screw us over. Shop real hard, they all really want our money. Tell your present company you are shopping around and show them how much you are saving!! Damn these mongrels.
Hopefully some gutsy politicians rise up to counter this destruction of liberal democracy. The LNP is clearly the party of control and cover ups of corruption. So much corruption it’s nauseating to read it all.
Bwahahahaha Hahaha! Farken hilarious!
So utterly tragic that so many have died at the hands of corrupt governments around the world. I can barely think of a country that hasn’t killed members of their own people to suppress uprisings against tyranny. This world isn’t going to make it.
It looks rather nice. But it’s funny, I see the huge expense the builders have gone to in creating that penthouse but the rest seems average. Also, I wonder why there are no solar panels on this building? It looks fairly modern, so panels would have been around when designed.
So very very sad indeed. Welcome to the 21st Century!
Ah..yes...I forgot about that. As an Australian, I’m always critical of buildings, businesses or homes that don’t have solar but can clearly afford it. As we get a huge amount of sun here, even in the south, we should be making the absolute most of it and storing as much as possible. Yes, I know battery technologies need to catch up a bit, but we need to get rid of our coal fired power stations. Also, house technologies, and builders, have been very slow on the uptake of known was to save energy.
The paint quality on the Model 3 was criticised by Monro Live on YouTube as being inferior because it was water based and not solvent based (I think that’s what he said?!) and needed to be addressed. But definitely, I’d wrap it to with in an inch of its life the day it’s picked up. That is after it has had paint correction!
As someone old enough to remember what it was like before ‘Raygun’ and after, yes, he was the one who moved fascism into high gear in America.
Ooh, that sent chills up my legs!!
5 million euros! WTF!
Speaking from the point of a normal Australian, this is what we call a ‘bogan’. White trash. Red necks.
Well, well, well! I didn’t know the FFL was in Vietnam, although it does seems obvious now when I think about it. Which just goes to show that you shouldn’t fight against a local population who has a strong ideal, whilst on their own ground!
There is no more a bitter sweet moment than to ease the pain of those who we love. All my care to you.
You obviously haven’t been belted up by the thug cops in Ballarat who are a law unto themselves. The corruption that is in that place is endemic! Everyone who has had a dealings with them, despises them. Also Werribee and a few others that are run by bully thugs.
Damn! That would make it difficult to see out to the right while driving.
Geezus! Some people just don’t fucking learn!
Nice. Very nice. Also belongs in r/noshitsherlock
Well...I guess it IS flat for him after this...no...too early?
Stolen video. Why do you post all these stolen videos?
It would sway side to side a bit. It needs diagonal bracing.
So have they paid back the money to wronged players...?
‘MURICA! FUCK YEAH!
This. This is what the article is about. You cannot trust power that has proved itself time and time again to be easily racist corrupted.
Dermatitis. Please wear gloves before it get worse.
Harvard Divinity School professor Cornel West said Sunday that the demonstrations in response to the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis are part of “the collapse of the legitimacy of leadership.” “What we’re seeing here is the ways in which the vicious legacy of white supremacy manifests in organized hatred, greed and corruption,” ‘MURICA! FUCK YEAH!
Well done. Good to see this! Harvard Divinity School professor Cornel West said Sunday that the demonstrations in response to the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis are part of “the collapse of the legitimacy of leadership.” “What we’re seeing here is the ways in which the vicious legacy of white supremacy manifests in organized hatred, greed and corruption,”
And one that is so compromised in every factor that a sane person wouldn’t touch it with a barge pole!
Uhh...no...nowhere NEAR the fastest SUV... [Fastest SUV?](https://youtu.be/8ye7Vh-_b50)
Apparently they also have bee hives on their roof! How’s that for simply being smart...!
If the police wanted to look like the murderous thugs that people claim they are, yeah, we are bing shown clearly that they are...FFS! What the hell is wrong with all the governments that allow their police to become such rampant murderers? The collapse of leadership in so called ‘liberal democrasis’ is catastrophic. In Australia, there have been over 430 deaths in custody of aboriginal people since 1991, and NOT ONE SINGLE BLOODY CONVICTION! WHAT THE FARK?
YES! This app is ridiculous and I’m incredibly suspicious it’s a thin edge of another Dutton wedge for power and control. There’s no way in hell I’m downloading it. Not with their history!
But...in the country, rabbits are an introduced vermin species..? They are killed as much as possible to give native species a small chance of survival.
Actually we need not worry too much about the white wankers! Clearly, the vast majority of people are with the BLM movement. Yes, definitely oppose and expose the lies and vitriol from the fearful. But we must change the real powers that be. They are the ones who are institutionalising the racism and oppression. Change the people in power.
Kids love playing in old trains. The fantasy play of trains and being grown up is wonderful for them.
IF this ever happened to me, I’d have to see my role in history as critical. I’d stop and kill him on the spot, knowing I’d be killed also. It’s a good death, all told. I know my father, who flew in Lancaster bombers over Germany, only rarely spoke of his service time. He was so driven and yet deeply affected by his traumatic experiences. But one thing he was adamant about enough to actually say it to me once, was how much his crew despised the Germans and how to die while killing Hitler was accepted by all the very young guys in his plane. Very sobering thoughts as an adult now with him long gone.
That opening scene just makes me explode! God I love it!!!
The leaders in the force need to take responsibility for this. It is happening in all forces around Australia on their watch. It needs to be actively stamped out. One of the best ways is to have REPERCUSSIONS FOR ACTIONS! Imagine having to face the consequences of your actions repeatedly and totally. Also being publicly exposed as being racist and having to face public censure. Just like the pedophile problem in all religious groups, the way you change a culture is to have absolute exposure and public repercussions. Tragically, I doubt this will ever happen until there is a social and political revolution even worse than what’s happening now.
Well, you can still be friends with them, but you must point out to them that they are ‘public servants’ and as such will be held accountable to the social norms of the day - including exposure! And racism is not going to be tolerated in a police force.
But what is the meaning of anything if so much of the self construct of Americans is about making money above all else? If the POTUS is screaming to ‘re-open’ along with all powerful voices of money? Along with all the reactionary right wing nut jobs who desperately need a hair cut! No. I don’t think this poll will be listened to at all outside of a small group who care about society above money.
Dear god! What awful technique! The marks on the skin. The inability to extract many of the pimples. So incredibly amateur.
Have it paint corrected and then either vinyl wrapped or ceramic coated. The paint has been criticised by those in the industry who know about these things. You can even have small rubber inserts in the gaps around the windows and other panels to assist with making it a much quieter vehicle. There is a Tesla spare tyre kit you can purchase for the vehicle. May be a good investment if you intend to travel in the country at all. Oh...and enjoy your wonderful purchase! I’m quite envious of you.
And...if you need any proof that police brutality is off the scale...!
My barrister, who deals with thuggish cops all the time in the courts, asks where the bullies from school go to get a job...the police!
Doctor: How are you feeling today, sir? Patient: About the same as your building...all messed up! I’ll show myself out....
Coooool! Let’s build a society that hates itself and produces warped men and women for the armed forces - Putin, most likely.
Actually it probably always looked this bad from the day the first sod was turned on construction!
Didn’t the installer tell you?
You really should use the two bucket hand wash method if you want it to last, especially around the edges. You know, first bucket applies the good brand of washing liquid via a big soft sponge, then squeeze it out in the second bucket to rinse out the dirt in the sponge, and repeat. I hope that makes sense. And I’d only ever do it in the shade. Then rinse off with a gentle hose. No real need for a pressure wash, unless it is very, very gentle. Then chamois off with a few fine micro fibre towels. Oh, and a really wonderful colour. I like how you have matched the wheels and now the front lip. How much did it cost to get done? And what is the original colour of the vehicle? Edit: I just saw it is white. Cheers. Any internal photos?
Maybe you don’t ultimately need to? Just accept that they really ARE a piece of selfish immature shit!
100 kph on THOSE tyres would scare the be-geezus out of me!
Yep. Totally and utterly insane. Just look at all the hideous choices made in every hideous space!
But I bet a billion dollars that the Chinese government is investing in it totally!
Not bad. But definitely needs good sympathetic landscaping to make it shine.
I used to tease my friend who lived on it, that it was Ugg Road, as in ugg boots!
My ex-Australian army friend has taught me how to survive the first punch, then go hell for leather with the furious punching in the head and don’t stop till they drop!
But it’s soooo ugly modern! Christ, Sydney real estate is critically insane!!
Fuckwit!
The Beverly Hillbilly’s!
Is this like how they put that camouflage material all over cars so you can’t see the shape is...?
Yeah, same here! It’s amazing how mine will swim and drink in almost any water!
What in the name of anti-Christ of colour schemes is this over confected mansion of Satan himself?
Superb posting there. Thank you.
I’m thinking of getting a red Model X with a cream and bone coloured interior next year. I was wondering how to spruce up the exterior a little beyond the standard. Maybe a chrome delete and other subtle black and red accents? It’s the interior space, extra power and battery life that puts it over the Y for me. But it is at a substantial premium in price, unfortunately. I wonder if the Y would meet my demands better? I was very impressed with the Sandy Munro tear down of the Y. It is a substantially better vehicle than the Model 3. But it’s towing capacity is much less than the X, which is not good for my needs. Damn!!
Was anyone ever held accountable for these crimes?
Holy Christ! What a cluster fuck surviving in America now is. To need three jobs to survive means the collapsed society that is often shown in dystopian films is here and now! It’s just not quite as obvious and dirty as in the movies.
This does not bode well for the future. Dystopian nightmare straight ahead, ladies and gentlemen. Please keep your hands and arms inside the carriage. You’ll need them for working in the factories of your overlords.
Dear god. With all those hard surfaces of stone and metal and glass, it would be a sound amplification nightmare!
Why do so many idiots steal someone else’s video, zoom in or flip it, put an absurd sound track on it and claim it’s a new video??
They work with flammable goods yet have no simple fire blankets or suppression system or methods! WTF! Farking idiots.
Not my problem, buddy! /s
Holy crap! What a nightmare of a place!
I can’t watch this scene without seeing the Trocs version. A brilliant company! [The Teocs](https://youtu.be/F83BbbtoX8Q)
Thanks for your reply. So many good points to consider. As I’m in Australia, I’ll need to wait a couple of years to drive a Y, maybe a trip to where I can have a go is on the cards. Yes, the softer ride of the X is important to me as the roads in Australia are mostly crap. Also the aircon is vital in our sun and heat. So the heat pump is critical for our climate and saving energy. Speed is not a thing I’m after. I’m almost sixty, so I’ve already done all the speeding and crashing I’ll ever do! I’ll need to see how far the X goes compared to the Y and the effect towing a trailer has on both. Cheers.
Fucking awesome! Hahaha. Love it.
It’s a special isle in between garden tools and power tools. You need to run fast at the pitch fork stand.
Now we are talking! I was thinking how about fold out extra solar panels on awnings also?
Yep, obviously a sympathetic construction to existing community buildings...such as the one in the foreground! WTF?
Awful instrument and awful technique.
Still only got pathetic 2.4 litre four cylinder!
I love it ! That’s so hilarious!
In Victoria, Australia, The Herald Sun is nicknamed The Herald Scum. And not without reason either. Murdoch, yeah, says it all.
Any way to counteract the lies of people, the better.
Both the radio screaming jock and the cyclist need a bloody slap around the head!
Put a knee on his neck....I read somewhere it helps! /S
Again? Oh well.
Yes. I can’t ever remember seeing horses near the coast in Australia? Edit: Ah yes, this is on the island of Sumba to the north of Australia and west of Timor Leste.
Thank you.
Trying to look different, but ending up looking odd. Sorry, but too much is just too much.
What is it with the silly fascinating with monotone rooms? Who lives such a bland life so as to never live with any colour or tone outside of an extremely narrow palette? And the lighting would be overwhelming at night. So much for intimacy. And please STOP putting the television over the fireplace. Not only do you need to strain your neck to watch from the low couches, the units don’t like heat!
As a media studies teacher, I thought the scene showed up the antiquated attitude of racism and stereotypes! The character of the Major is to be ridiculed both for being out of touch with the modern viewpoint of women and races or cultures. He was the bigot and fool and rejected by both Basil and Polly. This scene is highly appt to be seen nowadays. Unless I’m missing something all together?
Well, as I said, more colour, some texture and better use of lighting and placement of items.
That was horrific!
And.....this is all the evidence we need to rally to shut it down.
It looks like it needs some serious renovation. Do you own it?
Exquisite wording and phrasing. Well put. And terrifyingly accurate.
You MUST call it out and put a stop to his petulant behaviour. For the sake of your child’s happiness.
She needs a shave..oh...that’s lip liner...Fark...!
She needs ..oh, it’s a guy? Umm, cough, he needs a new hairstyle that isn’t too harsh.
‘MURICA! FUCK YEAH!
Wow, a running spring through the living room is what first came to my mind! Haha. And no electricity but gas lamps! That’s amazing. It would be fascinating to see some photos inside this time piece, if that’s at all possible? Cheers.
Absolutely incredible! Not only fantastic painting skills leading to amazing artwork, but a truly captivating photo. Sublime. Thanks for sharing.
I wonder if this is the reason behind the outrageous large headlines on the Andrews government faction in fighting and bagman story? Sure, it’s a big story, but nowhere near the issue of BLM in Australia. People aren’t dying in the Labor back rooms in pools of blood and broken bones. Aboriginals are all the time at the hands of violent, uncaring police. There has to be a royal commission into Victoria’s police eventually, yet the paper is nowhere near calling for this. Hmmm.
Next thing in 2020 - WAR ON KOREAN PENINSULA!
Not black heads. And only sebum coming out because of pressure from o ring. Pathetic.
Meth is a sad drug.
I wonder if it’s a camouflage for a coupe sedan? I’m a bit suspicious of that grey hump through the rear window.
Hahahaha!
What with the window on the opposite wall, it could be a very nice office with views. But would need better privacy for lounge, bedroom or hallway between bathroom and bedrooms.
I’m so glad this is being reported around the freaking globe! Goes to show just how insidious police corruption and bullying is - it’s a pandemic.
Yeah...real bloody butt ugly. The arrogance in needing a ‘pawshu’ for a hearse when so many more discrete and sensitive vehicles are out there. It’s really pathetic.
You reckon this is staged for a photo ...?! Total lack of styling and the painters and builders have barely left the premises. Nope.
Thank you for your audition, Mr Shatner...!
So totally tragic. Such a total waste of a populations potential. Victory at all costs leaves only a scorched earth and survivors wanting to flee. Such a historic waste of a city.
Nope...it’s the arse of her skinny husband, strapped to her chest and powdered to match the rest of this...this...diabolical wreck!
This is such a sad image you have made in my mind. So incredibly sad. It reminds me of the many small towns throughout Australia that have memorials to those that died in the Great War, as it was called. So many men and women who perished on those horrible battlefields and never made it back. This photo shows what desperation some may have escaped to ‘find adventure’ only to be blasted to pieces by the machines of modern warfare. Dear god, this is incredibly sad.
Seats with hard glass like edges for armrests? Who would use that tube to sit on? And the amazing view is restricted by the ‘car park’ overhang! Terrible choices made in original design barely softened by new additions. Sad waste of money.
Those terrible bruises around her eyes...oh..that’s her make up? But...why? Yeah, and that beef addled pouting...why?
So...it still has its old dirty gutters...? Very sad indeed.
I wouldn’t say incredible. Interesting, maybe. But it would be another cold wind tunnel on a winters day!
It’s all political - the attack (if it did happen!?), the reporting, the timing, the response and the media tip off! This government plays a lot out of the Trump playbook. Both are stupid, unnecessary and dangerous.
Yep. Then some industries said it would cost them a few dollars and complained and back they went!! Or something like that! Pathetic.
Isn’t this a brilliant piece of knowledge! The link was fascinating. I believe it also is part of the reason the Titanic sunk so easily. The metal had high sulphur content and became brittle in the North Atlantic Ocean. When it hit the iceberg, instead of bending and expanding, the brittle metal broke open, forming a large hole along the side. The rest is...history..,! Thanks for the link.
Well that’s interesting. I am planning to have a large bathtub in front of some floor to ceiling windows in my new house in the country. It is going to be at the end of my large bedroom. I didn’t think of putting it on a movable frame so I can put it in different positions, that’s an intriguing idea, thanks.
Ok. The colours are superb. Deeply muted to help with calming you down to sleep better. However, this set dressing needs attention. Where the hell are the blinds? As soon as the sun is up, you will be woken. Nope. Get some proper black out drapes so you can choose when you want to wake. You can’t reach those silly bed side tables from the bed. You need to almost exit the bed to reach them. And they are too small and easily missed. Nope. That chandelier...WTF? Like a sword of Damocles hanging over you while you try to push through the anxiety of it falling on you in the middle of the night, trapping you in a place where you can’t reach your phone on those silly tables (remember them?) and you die in your expensive penthouse, alone. Get rid of it. Use indirect lights instead. And that stuff under the window, what is that junk? Use cupboards and shelves to organise your junk. Also, please put the lights where you can reach them. Thank you.
Yeah, it’s just as well that we have universities to collate and disseminate that knowledge and experience. I used to love just going to the main library of Melbourne University and exploring the place to see what I could find. This was years before I actually went there myself. I lost many days in there, dreaming of when I might go. It eventually happened and I was told about the thesis library in another building. Anyone could go and just pull a doctorate off the shelf and read it. Education was my field. I so love learning new information.
‘Make a bigger ho...!’ ‘Make a bigger ho...!’
Lots of arty shots but very little of the mechanics or batteries, etc. The producers need to up their documentary game.
Did she ask, “Should we call 911?” WTF?
It didn’t find my mother’s grave in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia, despite given many details. Site may need a bit of help...?!
Oh dear god! This video has been around for years. He hasn’t done anything since then and just seems to love saying the word comedone!
Be very careful using any information from this source. Channel 9 is a rabid LNP supporter!
Awful camera work and extraction technique that needs Enilsa Brown’s deft touch.
No, not resort. It’s an old folks home that smells of unwashed old men, urine soaked beds and fat drenched low quality food. Yep.
Hollee Kerist! The abysmal design, both inside and out, could barely be made acceptable with truckloads of cash! Nope, timeshare and that’s about it...!
As these are only reservations and not hard orders, one could expect the number to drop dramatically when it is finally produced, yes? And the initial price list seems very optimistic to me when you take into consideration the final production rates and numbers of what was initially promised with the Models 3 and Y.
This is where you need a roundabout. Works every time and most people don’t have to stop.
That’s really good! Thanks for posting.
I wonder why no one actually checked to see if he was seriously injured? They only seemed to care to get their phone shot, no? As funny as it is, there is a point where human decency should kick in and you check to see the dude isn’t dead..or something..!
Stupid cop didn’t have his helmet strapped on! What a fool!
No wonder the HC let Pell off...! Especially if this is the attitude of the judges...!
Brilliant suggestions to foster a mind of inquiry. Well done.
Only 25 years!?! I thought I saw many older thatched roofs in videos about country English houses. As it is, compared to a ceramic tile or metal roof, that’s not too long.
Nope. You added an interpretation not there. When it is displayed by anyone - the perpetrator, the victim, the onlooker, the friend, the boss...anyone! ALL must speak up and denounce intimidation or ignorance or bloody stupidity!
A damn good slap...is what I’m thinking!
Strewth! How many trucks have I seen in these Russian videos whee they lose their bloody brakes? What a catastrophic smash up.
If you are taking it a long ways off of the sealed surface, don’t you expect a few rattles and squeaks occasionally?
And don’t forget the Fat Cuntroller!
How utterly tragic it is that the POTUS is such a destructive force for evil.
Move house to somewhere nicer!
Holee Kryst! No need for a doctor here! Yep, we’ll just play with it in the back yard.
But if it was made in China...maybe it won’t last that long! Jones aside, many right wing leaders are making sure it sticks around for years!
Corruption. Corruption. Corruption. That’s what this indescribably pathetic administration will be remembered for. When oh when will we get a real life competent government?
Dudes a shit-cunt. FTFY
Those freckles look like blackheads not beauty spots! And those awful nails are a testament to her lifestyle. And it looks like her lipstick has rubbed off on something going in her mouth...!
An awesome photo! Lovely subjects and framing. And the lighting is superb.
Tragically, many tourists of Asian Indian extraction drown in Australia every year because the do not know how to swim. And they went into the ocean in bad conditions! We Australians are all taught to swim at an early age.
Maybe in America this statement is true. I feel in Australia, the middle class usually have some equity in their house and some skills or training to help with job security. As we also have a small amount of social security, we are slightly protected from total poverty. But the widening power and money divide is definitely putting pressure on us to be smarter with less.
As a survivor of abuse by three catholic clergy pedophiles in my childhood, I am always deeply, deeply thankful for all the recognition and bloody good humour people put on Reddit to shove it up the church! Thank you.
Yep, I understood about a third of those words used here. But...dayum...that is one amazing operation.
Damn. I think he needs to invest in a good haircut and some shampoo and conditioner of his own...!
A very sad video, as in he needs medical care but clearly isn’t getting any.
You think they would open the hole a little more to facilitate emptying and removing the sac!
Looks like it would be very dark inside
It’s so stupid of him to think that a bus can stop on a dime. Oh well. Good that it was videos!
With this current LNP government, reports like these are do much toilet paper to them. They have been unable to structure an appropriate electricity and power distribution deal, in spite of being in power for years. Australia seems genuinely screwed over while this mob is in power.
Here are some words you could try using - hideous, nauseating, vile!
I suspect his arrest would look something like Gaddafi in Libya, where he was hiding in a drain! All cringing and cowering and weeping and crying! Haha. Serves him right for the way he has treated immigrants in internment camps. A most despicable despot!
Ok, so he shouldn’t be at work when so tired. Ok, even a momentary head down is something that almost everyone has done at least once in their lives. But for shelving to come down that easily, is abominable design! Any company that installs these shelves would be, and should be, held partly responsible in any damages claim.
Umm...not from what I was told by a person recently in a medium security level jail. In this particular jail in Australia, there were roughly three groups or levels. First timers or ‘smarter’ guys who kept to themselves and didn’t do drugs. Mid level guys who were on their usual second or third time in. And hardcore users of any drug of your choosing that were very dangerous to be around.
