Smitty got wheels, son
"Bobby Boucher loves his momma!"
O yeah, 250k, why even bother?
Whoa bro, I wanna do more than push them and then kick them gentler than I move my dog out of the way.
Lmao what even is a sub-200 yard game? Like Brody Croyle numbers.
Curious to compare, Chiefs have 3 games with 450+, but one game with 449, and 2 with 446 yards.
*In Cold Blood* by Truman Capote. Fuck that book. True story. It's about a family that was murdered in their home in a small town in rural Kansas, and I live in a small town in rural Kansas. Eep.
I use en.reddit.com because it wasn't blocked at work for some reason. If I follow a link, like a crosspost or a bestof or something it goes to stupid reddit.
For real. That couch is bad, and we have a husky! They need a different color couch so you can't see it!
Like a damn [grenade](https://i.imgur.com/sCW2LMx.jpg) This was from a grand cherokee, and [this](https://i.imgur.com/K5huKlj.jpg) is how far the spring has to compress. That strut is fully extended. MFer shot off, shoving a stud from the strut mount into my hand, and that's why I have this picture to begin with. [Strut Tamer Extreme](https://i.imgur.com/FRXBso7.jpg) is a goddamn death trap.
IDK, I just googled it. Maybe try SNL's website?
One is a dude that admitted he was guilty, served his sentence, hasn't done anything similar since, and is engaged to that same woman. Another is a dude who may or may not have sexually assaulted a woman in a bathroom while the police locked it down. Another is a dude who about ~~brutalizing~~ pushing and ~~kicking~~ nudging a woman with his foot then lying about it to his employer, and only admitted it when he was caught with the video.
Curious if it worked, how about now? No mixer or no hubby?
What a stupid fucking rule.
gonna challenge an already reviewed play lmao
I was exploring this big building. Went into the basement, and hear a bear upstairs! I loot everything down there, and oh shit he's coming down! Then oh shit there are [THREE](https://i.imgur.com/6SSZeZE.jpg) zombie bears (another came down a few seconds later)! About 8 shotty shells each, but I got em all! A bit later I made it upstairs, onto the second floor, I break down a door and a do some exploring. A bit later there's a couple of feral zombies coming at me as I was looting a container! Oh shit there's like 5 of them! Oh shit there are dogs too! Oh shit I'm dead.
lmao what a fun play
idiot announcer is like "perfect spot for a qb sneak" and i'm like "could we fucking not?"
i thought it was intercepted on the live show though lol
I'm pretty sure Toyota ranks 1 in customer loyalty....
Intentional grounding?
I keep waiting to get any Supra in so I can starting yelling this!
Second half of this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dliihuc4DpY
Clicking it works, but there's no "copy url at current time"
"it's just a false start, not like it had any real bearing on the outcome of the game" -/r/nfl when you point out an obvious missed call on a scoring play
A horrible missed false start happened in the KC/Rams game on a 3rd and 7 touchdown.
Happened to me on one of my little trader missions also. Then a wandering horde came and were apparently included in the mission or something. And after the video, a 5 or 6 pigs (plus the 2 in the video). Then a bunch of dogs. https://youtu.be/HKc6i7d8StU - got a grip before that's done uploading though. edit: I had walked past this building before, noticing it was floating in the back half. When the "mission" was in this building, I walked in and broke the first floor piece in front of me and it started collapsing, so I ran out, and this was the only corner that was "attached" to the ground.
You can also bunny hop with the bicycle with C!
Hell of a WAR for football!
yeah but patty
Our Christmas floof: "get out of the fuckin tree, you're not a Christmas card!"
We sold this big old lifted TJ with a 4 cyl, that thing literally couldn't reach 70mph without a tailwind. Customer came back because "the speedometer stops working about 65mph"
I think it would have to run well to be worth $60. *I haven't played it in a while, but it was pretty unoptimized last time I did
ded. that flower doesn't do much entity damage.
Kid knew all of those South American countries but skipped right over all of central America.
Just found it on [nextgenstats](https://nextgenstats.nfl.com/stats/top-plays/fastest-ball-carriers/2018/13), fastest speed of the week at 21.19 mph.
Then be a boring man who actually pays attention to the shit you post.
A lil bit of [everything](https://www.last.fm/user/Smitty2Jones). Rap, rock, metal, country, punk. We don't discriminate.
But even if they "hopped" over one "wall" they'd just end up one row closer, and if you have a hugely long distance, that one row isn't really going to matter. They'll all spread out eventually, and by the time one of them got to you, just switch to the other side and they'd have to backtrack that whole thing. Just like juggling in a tower defense game. Even put dart traps or turrets to take out the zeds, even more like TD! Unless they'd walk on top of the wall, then they could just run the entire way to you.
🎵 what are they feeding you 🎵
Yeah that's setting the bar pretty fucking low, but Ford is no saint and gives literally zero fucks about their techs. In [this](https://youtu.be/wo1gOiGb0zk?t=267) example, they cut recall pay on a door latch by 1.3 hours, mostly because they "provide a list of tools" that "cuts 58 minutes off of repair time." And then they act like it's beneficial for the tech. edit: downvoted but it's the troof. never change, /r/cars
*M*5. What's the M stand for?
Is this Haines, Farrah's million mile Hyundai?! For real though, that's a ton of miles. 671 per day, if you exclude weekends and normal paid holidays, since 1/1/2013. An average of almost 84 mph if those are 8 hour work days........
You should get one of [these](https://smile.amazon.com/Mityvac-7400-Liter-Fluid-Evacuator/dp/B000JFJM14/ref=sr_1_9?s=automotive&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1544142808&amp;sr=1-9&amp;keywords=mityvac) fellas for future fluid services. It won't work for the engine oil (only gets about 4.5 qts out because of a baffle in the way), but it works great for transmission fluid. Spend a little more and it'll go both ways (extract and dispense). You don't have to get it in the air, don't have to get down on the ground. So nice.
More money. 5x More Money.
Many places have left exits also.
Product placement? Just like in movies, but free. Post stuff like a normal person, but with their product centered. "Check out the deck I built!" And every picture had a slew of Milwaukee power tools in it. Or [gallowboob](https://www.reddit.com/r/HailCorporate/comments/87npc4/gallowboob_leveraged_his_position_on_reddit_to/) said "ran into this dude in a pub!" But it was all prearranged to promote someone's YT/Twitter/insta.
The one that gets me is when it has full auto HVAC, it knows it's 15 degrees, and it has remote start. So you remote start it, let it warm up, then you go out there and the goddamn heater wasn't even blowing, nevermind that the goddamn windshield is still covered in ice!
I think the trader missions should be to get things you can't get elsewhere. I think it's a little silly to make your own motorcycle, truck or gyro (bike and minibike are feasible to craft). But what if the trader had cool missions? Maybe unlocked at certain player levels, maybe you have to pay coins for the info, or complete certain missions for him before he'll assign you this mission. "Go here and clear this out, then I'll send my guy to retrieve this truck chassis!" and the truck is parked in the garage of a house. Then it will be outside of the trader after a day or so. Eventually maybe have a real npc that goes to retrieve it with another truck. It would give purpose to the trader, and making the truck acquisition more realistic than "built a whole goddamn Jeep on mah workbench! And it's got a motor from a cement mixer!"
Yeah it was warm, the readout said the coolant was 177 degrees, and it blew hot when I turned it on manually.
Fuck yeah man. It was the first real PC game I ever played. I downloaded the shareware version from AOL games on 14.4 kbps dial up. I played that game so much. I have it on Steam now, and I went back and played through again last year, 15 years since the last time I played, and I still remembered where every enemy was going to be!
ayyy I found it too, so I smashed it and it gave me that same block in my inventory.
Or a club. I wanna go mother fucking Road Rash on those zeds.
lol @ raiders gif
I love Scott Brick, but a lot of people really don't like him. So when I refer to a book he's narrating on this sub, I name him something silly like "The venerable Scott Brick"
I thought they should have at least wired an alarm to blast a few hundred feet away. It would give them plenty of time to escape if they were coming to the farm.
No shit, Sprint Center is barely an hour from Topeka!
I found the 48" and the 58" on Amazon, they were $181 with tax. BUT it was a buy 2 get 2 free promo! So me and a coworker went in on it and spent $90 each. I broke the cap off of one while clowning around, and Snap On replaced it for me!
Ford did this on the F-150 for a while. So dumb.
On both my Rav4 and Corolla, the light comes on at a real 1/4 tank. For example, it's supposedly a 13.2 gallon tank on my Corolla, and if the light comes on as I roll into the station, put 10 gallons into it.
Saints fans lmao
Yeah, you have to wait until they're lining up for the next play. It stays locked while the players are moving around.
Yeah no doubt, but he still almost pulled off a 400 burger
They said career highs not career bests!
But wireless headphones are cheap yo. We probably have 4 or 5 just laying around, a few earbuds and a couple of headphones. Like $60 on the most expensive pair of headphones, $20 on the cheapest pair of earbuds. But I wouldn't buy a phone without a jack, I use it all the time.
slash none of the time. The few times I tried it they still attacked me.
So you wouldn't be able to lift the corner to see what card it is? Sounds great!
Lol probably
And if you've spent the HSA money, and then you quit/they fire you, you don't have to pay it back! That's how we got $1k in contacts one year!
They will have different coverages, but usually with specialists. I think what they mean is that saving $100 per month takes a long time to make up for the deductible difference.
You can get patch panels to fix it. [This](https://www.millsupply.com/shock-mount-repair-01-ford-escape-9050176r.php?p=123636#) is what I'm thinking, that was just the first search result, but there are others that are like it. Or [here](https://www.dormanproducts.com/p-83079-924-358.aspx).
I was thinking of an FSA. If you elect 2k, but only contribute one paychecks worth before you're employment ends, you can still blow that whole 2k while only having contributed $77 or whatever.
We have one for payments, one for spending, and one each for our own dumb shit. But it's all "our" money. Dumb shit money all comes from my check, for example, but that obviously doesn't mean it's "my" money.
You mean traded in for a used Lexus?
Imma be honest, I just don't see a 2GR having many problems after sitting, as long as it wasn't out in the weather.
And call it Pat Mahomie?
[WRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIos0ya-yss)
You don't think you could get an early 2000's Avalon for about the same price as a comparable Impala/Grand Prix/etc? Maybe a few hundred more, but it'll last forever and ever, and I'm 99.9% certain you'll never have to remove the intake to replace a poorly designed coolant elbow. You'll probably never have an oil pan gasket leaking so bad it's leaving puddles. You won't need to replace the transmission cooler lines every 100k miles. The Impala engine and trans may go forever, but they'll still need more repairs than a comparable Avalon or Camry.
Um literally every 2001-2002 automatic Civic needed a transmission at like 100k miles. Source: made bank flipping those back in the day because they all went belly up.
More than likely. They regained any reliability they lost with the previous generation and then some, they're the best looking Civics (imo), and they pretty damn good mpgs. They look nice and modern, yet keep it simple so there's not a lot of shit to break (like turbos on the most recent civics, for example)
I think you're stretching with the Chevy thing. I've lost count of the number of Chevys we've had come in with major engine problems (head gaskets, rings, no oil pressure, etc), even with 50k miles or less. You know how many Toyotas I've had come in with major engine problems? Meanwhile a 150k mile Corolla/Camry/Civic/Accord that's basically had no maintenance except the required stuff (tires/oil changes/wipers/brakes/etc) could very well still be ready to go for another 150k with just some minor maintenance/repairs.
Am I about to watch this on Amazon? Or is it gonna cut off?
so it's 20% skill?
"It's unbelievable what that boy did!" - Jonny Gomes
burry lookin' spry there lol
boo that man!
damnit danny, burry woulda had that
And now... back to the Patty show!
And Jimmy Neutron!
Mother fucker Jones!
Where's the IG? Didn't Patty get an IG like that last week?
goddamn hit so hard he's convulsing!
jfc the trick to beating us in the redzone is to just buy time as a qb, there will eventually be a holding penalty.
that shit was bobblin' before he came down in bounds
extra tries and a td catch that's not a td catch
and the td-not-td.
\#itwas
No, because it didn't happen lmao
So what, he was supposed to magically hit the airbrakes and stop his already set trajectory so he didn't hit the guy who didn't slide?
No, but the offense shouldn't have to beat their defense, the chargers, and the refs.
While he was falling and hadn't even hit the ground yet? Lmao DOD was already past the point of no return when rivers' knee hit.
Breaking down cars with the wrench and you'll get batteries.
It does when this is the only one people are calling for.
Straight outta the rulebook, "not limited to using any part of a player’s helmet or facemask to butt, spear, or ram an opponent (Note: This provision **does not prohibit incidental contact** by the mask or the helmet in the course of a conventional tackle or block on an opponent)"
Could he throw the ball there? No? So was he a runner now? He's QB in title only at that point, not by position. We hear it every week, the QB is a runner now; the rules are different when you're a runner.
Hah we did that, except it's a center post lift. By we I mean someone else, fuck all that height shit.
Is this anything like Critical Depth on the PS?
Since they were talking about diesels, this might be a 3/4 ton also. So that's like 13k lbs or more. edit: yup, [2500 according to OP](https://en.reddit.com/r/MechanicAdvice/comments/a6f7kw/2018_gmc_sierra_denali_engine/ebuak64/)
Sounds like they'll need /r/povertyfinance soon lol
http://www.royalpurpleconsumer.com/products/royal-purple-motor-oil/ &gt; Enhanced additive technology prevents metal-to-metal contact beyond both dexos1™* and ILSAC GF-5 specs According to their site they... might be? That implies that they are, but idk.
Isn't the Lilo and Stitch thing (where the Aliens thing used to be, just across from this) gone now? Has anything replaced it yet?
The times, they are a-changing.
Yeah that was the prob, the old Mont number was still in Voice. Thanks!
They had dimensions listed for the carry on in the overhead bin, but not the "personal item"
"at their disposal" really means it was in the tool room but now it's in the box of some dude that quit 6 months ago.
As a chiefs fan, that's really fucking surprising.
If this were the Chiefs D, there would have been a defensive holding or DPI called. Source: I've watched the end of Chiefs games.
I think this is the angriest I've ever seen a Husky! Poor boy (or girl!) so upset!
Sometimes it just makes sense though. I replaced a heated steering wheel on a Cadillac STS today. Oem price was $700+, but we got a used one for under $150. Granted, the used wheel wasn't in perfect condition, but it was a fine trade off on a 13 year old car.
We got ours from Dollar general. They're not the best, but you can make em look nice!
Brees was limited to 203 yards, 0 TD and 2 INT last night (one on a pick 2). Saints won 12-9. Edited for corrections!
it's not dependent on stamina depletion? When I'm riding a bicycle (TURBO MOOOOOOOOODE) vs riding the minibike, my food and hydration plummet. Like, down by 30% after riding 3km or so vs down 3% when minibiking.
If you use reddit enhancement suite (RES) in your desktop browser, it shows by the name of the other user. So it'd be catindahat1 (then the little tag thing) [+1] or whatever. It only tracks that browser though, it's not synced to your account, so your work computer doesn't add to the total you had at home, your mobile app doesn't add to it either. So it's mostly sports sub users that have big numbers for me, because I shitpost in game threads while streaming the games on my desktop.
updoot for the poop chute
Deus ex machina, mate.
I'd suspect a rebuilt or new transmission at that price. It probably pays like 8 hours to replace, you could probably find a used one for $800 pretty easily from a salvage yard. LKQ's website lists one for $650, but doesn't list mileage. No doubt. I don't know how his transmission feels, or what's even wrong with mine, but my Corolla transmission shifts hard out of first, and has for over 120k miles. I'd say about a 50/50 chance our buyer find that beforehand. Most of the time he's pretty hip and will offer accordingly if it needs major repairs.
One time, this little old lady was driving down the road in front of our shop. 2 lane road with a turn lane in the middle. She stopped in the middle to turn into the parking lot across the street. Then her car caught fire! One of our techs saw it, grabbed and extinguisher, and ran out to try and put it out. It was a small fire, so he was successful. Yay! But then he was fired for using company resources on something not company related. Neat. Now, this looks to be in their parking lot so a little different, but it's just a fun example of what it means to work in the Auto service industry!
[Flash!](https://youtu.be/LfmrHTdXgK4) (SFW?)
Watch out dude, they're gonna say you murdered and burned someone at a salvage yard next!
Don't forget tho, tis the season for A Twisted Christmas!
I'd imagine it was the result of a raffle or something.
Bruh now you need the [SNES mouse](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3f/SNES-Mouse-and-Pad.jpg) that came with Mario Paint. Probably just the shell on a modern mouse though.
22" deep vs 30" deep... Already holds 25%+ fewer tools. I literally have cases in my box at work that won't fit in my HF box at home. This box is over 150" wide, and 91" tall (I guessed using current Masters series specs). *Even if* HF offered the other accessories (lockers, side cabinets, overhead bins, a top chest), that's a 109,000 cubic inch difference in storage space. (91" x 150" = 13,650 x 8" (depth difference)). That's 3.7 HF roll cabs in difference. You'd need 3.7 more HF roll cabs to have the same amount of storage.
Yup. My aunt and uncle sit on their porch and pop em off lol. My dad got a new gun last year to shoot them in his yard. They're kinda creepy even if they're not killing your livestock and pets, cackling almost like hyenas and shit.
I mean there was a tie up where ASU literally didn't even touch the ball.
Damn, wish that happened in our game. Instead his last pass was just way over the receiver's head and he got a DPI called.
Lol troof, can't argue that.
I haven't been since before fastpasses were a thing, but everyone always includes "kiosks" when talking about the extra 3, so I'm guessing you have to go to the FP kiosks to register your extra FPs.
If Century Link is the NFLs version of a boombox, what's THE LOUDEST FUCKING STADIUM IN THE WORLD?
[This](https://en.reddit.com/r/COROLLA/comments/a7fjgm/annoying_clicking_noise_from_cvt_actuator_solenoid/) is the one I was thinking of.
dude straight laid down on top of nnadi lol. like, hesitated after nnadi fell then plopped on top of him. isn't that a hold?
that was totes not a 1st down.
lmao the ball crossed out of bounds at the goddamn 5
That's cited as the reason for Fisher's holding call in the Steeler's playoff game. Always happens, never called except that one time.
Just send 11 pass rushers every play?
struggaling
wew, if they didn't call that late hit, i was gonna complain in this thread.
wow defense?
You can challenge that it's possible for there to be a penalty. Andy challenged this earlier this year and won, it can't be PI if the ball is tipped.
They're saying he uh DPI'd before there was a pass. I guess.
it didn't go in you idiot.
are you fucking kidding me. no flag then "hey where's the flag" and then they throw it? jfc.
Is this locket dude the former KSU receiver?
"they'll call that every time"
omigod did you guys see that fucking throw?
is it possible to be any worse?
was that Blink 182's I Won't Be Home For Christmas? e: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy9_JjLnmZI - totes was
of gd course there's a flag down.
you better fucking go for it
need an app that just notifies me when we're back on offense lol
wow, what a catch
cuz andy don't know nuffin' bout no clock management
It was DPI, "confirmed" on ESPN's play-by-play [thinger](https://i.imgur.com/BM4VWdE.png)
What isn't wrong with the D? No corners, no safeties, no DC.
cause it's 187 on a mother fuckin' zed
Same. I will stick with or buy a much older or bigger phone (like a note) if it comes down to it, just to keep the headphone jack. I use it every single day in a situation where I couldn't upgrade those items to bluetooth.
But new Craftsman are garbage. I've literally bent them on trim screws. And I've broken flat head snap on screwdrivers while using them as a pry bar. It's dependent on the rep, but I've had 3 different reps in my career and they've all replaced them. I broke a 3/8" snap on ratchet a while back because I had a 4 ft pipe on it. I even told him (albeit jokingly) that I used a pipe, and he still replaced it. It actually broke the handle, not the head, and since they didn't make that 36 tooth anymore, he replaced it with an 80 tooth.
I straightened out my small snap on pry bar into a screwdriver once. Wasn't even prying hard or anything, on a brake caliper. I'd had the pry bar for years, and it just decided to straighten out one day.
Not to sound harsh, but fuck coyotes.
If it's like my projects, it takes all year long
Yeah he's a heckin good boi, doesn't know when to stop being so good!
Limp Bizkit's Significant Other was the first album I knew that had "negative time" Mind blowing. But you didn't have to reverse, you could just listen through like a normal hidden track.
Flat rate tech too. In recon (our dealership has 2 techs, a handful of detailers, body, and paint in our recon department). Our other tech is such a lame duck. Like, he's half a step above a lube tech, but that's about it. He probably spends as much time fucking off on his phone as he does working. Flags like 25 hours per week, while I'm picking up the slack and averaged 55 hours/week this year. The worst part though is that hourly guys don't do any of the hourly guy works. I have to take out trash? Why doesn't the hourly porter do it? Oh parts got me the wrong brake parts for this car TWICE? Now I have to take them back over there TWICE? 3 trips to parts for one brake job? Not my fault they were wrong, why do I have to take them back? It's literally like telling someone hourly to clock out to take out trash or take these parts back.
Okay, so then we can just go to the entrance of each subsequent ride afterward?
We have one to our office,, and there's a normal door on the other side of the room. It's a pain, because there's no switch on that side and I'm too lazy and cheap to put one on the other wall or use a wireless switch.
I'm thinking of that play in the playoff game where he nailed our dude on a punt return where we were returning. A dude that wasn't even going for the ball.
Like, *The Last Vampire* Christopher Pike?
wow what a nice spot he was given lol
For real tho, what the hell are these things?
Who would get the player's names correct: bill walton or literally anyone else in the nation?
oh great, hochuli junior
M
Almost got a statue of liberty!
Why stack the short side lol.
A Vibe is a Toyota Matrix though. Which is, more or less, a Corolla. Which is, in general, going to be much more reliable than a Focus as the miles pile up. The oil burning would be a concern for me, though iirc it's usually because of a problem with the head/head bolts at the rear of the head, so it shouldn't need a new engine. Still probably a $1500 repair. They Ford is probably worth a little more, because it's newer and lower mileage, but the Vibe will hold it's value incredibly well.
Going to WDW tomorrow! Haunted Mansion was one of my favorites when we went 20 years ago!
fitty fitty fitty fitty fitty fitty fitty fitty!
fitty fitty fi grand!
wow what a nice spot lol
https://i.imgur.com/XAuQKPa.jpg
Were going the 2nd-6th, praying it's not like this!!!
Well we're leaving tomorrow, we want actually be at the parks until Tuesday because we're not crazy!
That's what we're hoping for! From Kansas, but our daughter's school starts later than basically everyone else.
The Pete game, the no punt game, the Fisher "hold", the Colts game where we had like a 30 point lead at half, the self pass... nothing but a buncha silly scenarios.
Very cool, /u/callahan09, thanks. I probably messed something up, I was just looking at the play by plays, and adding the numbers from there. There were a couple that were negated by penalties, and a time or two the Chiefs accepted a penalty for first down instead of accepting the yardage. Maybe those were included in his stats?
We paid $324/6 months for full coverage on one cars and liability on another. The full coverage car is probably worth about 9k.
Sheeee saaaaaid
Ours is almost all RC stuff; cars/trucks, planes, drones, boats.
Oh man, wife and I went to the mall last Friday night and it was so empty. When we were in high school, that place was jammin' on friday night! It was the place to be! But now? crickets.
Or a dart or a seeker
This is so hard for me to picture, because our trash truck has always come at 6 am. Like, is she out there in the dark? In a nightgown? Or is she ready for work with a big flood light turned on?
God I hope it's not a Tediore!
When I worked in fast food, we got free lunch on a daily basis. They were supposed to charge us, but really, who's gonna miss 3 tacos worth of materials? Even if you multiply by the 5 or 6 people working lunch/supper.
They did, but OP is a lying sack of shit.
I love Peter Clines, I haven't read anything by him that I haven't loved.
Yes! The Ex-Heroes series is amazing too! Not a lot of substance, but super fun!
For real, this is what I expected the Radio button to do, and it's always annoyed me to no end.
A union electrician in my area, not even a lineman, can make 60k at 20 or 21 years old. The vast majority of bachelor degree holders aren't making 60k at their first career job. So they graduate at 22, make under 60k for 4 years, they're not getting a pension or matching contributions to a 401k. The electrician already has 5 years of making more than the bachelors guy. 5 years of contributing to retirement, of qualifying for their pension. And no student loan to repay. To have 1 million at 65, that electrician can contribute less than $300 per month, starting at 22, while the degree holders will have to pay almost $700 per month to catch up (considering they can pay off loans by 30, which may mean they're paying through the nose. 60k in debt means $800+ per month to pay off in 8 years).
My dad's bonus was more than my years earnings, and I felt like I was doing pretty good. My dad had no degree.
A Silverado 4500 isn't even a pickup. That's a Kodiak/what replaced the Kodiak, and they're enormous. Think of a school bus, but with a flat bed. https://www.bing.com/images/search?q=chevy+kodiak&amp;FORM=HDRSC2 Rare to see one of those on the street. Most often, it's still a half ton pickup, or maybe a 3/4 ton so they can get that dope ass coal rollin' diesel.
Um, maybe you should read the book.
Everything is front page there, there are really no pages at all. But it's $30 on both stores.
Ex girlfriend kept a hoodie when we broke up and that was more of a financial burden for me than this is for him.
bitch have you ever even been through a wormhole? Oh, of course not, because you're just another shitty reposter.
When someone needs TP at my house we just yell "CHOSEN ONE!" from the bathroom, and someone will yell "I'M COMING!" and bring it
Just because someone rolls over and goes ugh doesn't mean they're dead!
Yeah but Nine Inch Nails was never on Nickelodeon.
But naturally, the vehicle is AWD and 3 wheels are spinning but not the one that's making noise.
But that wasn't really mobile? Sounds like you tethered. You used the mobile network to replace the normal internet.
Too much screen time and not enough rack time, if you know what I mean
But if you're running your entire home network off of it, or downloading a ton of shit to a desktop or laptop, it's disingenuous to say it's mobile. Even moreso considering wireless providers have specific devices and plans for doing this exact thing, showing they don't think of it the same as a "mobile" plan. Mobile indicates it's out and about, not at home, where it would be basically impossible to use 1.5 TB of data.
Yup, my dad always told me not to be an electrician, how horrible it was, how it didn't pay well (even though they were able to take big annual vacations with 3 kids, a house (then build a basement under the house), newer cars, and always had plenty of anything), then he retired on time with a nice pension and traditional retirement account. So now we have student loans and I'm in a trade anyway lol
These maps were included with the audiobook, idk if they were in the book or not. It gives some landmarks and high points. https://i.imgur.com/Iw0Umf5.jpg https://i.imgur.com/n5cAW92.jpg
It's definitely a pick and choose kinda thing, we don't buy much produce there because it spoils quickly, and there are certain things that are just not as good as other brands.
Ease of replacement definitely. I doubt that can be mounted with a normal time machine, so you'll never be able to replace them. It'll be the Michelin PAX tires all over again; nobody can replace the tires, so dealerships end up putting normal tire and wheels on them and Michelin gets a class action lawsuit for selling shitty tires that you can't replace.
It's the [Call of Duty 3](http://i.imgur.com/LxOJOzg.jpg) cover art.
No, it's all a moo point. It's like a cow's opinion, it just doesn't matter.
But it may not be as comfortable in the house, causing you to run it colder and not saving any money, or potentially costing more. We have hot and humid summers, so most people go with an undersized unit. It draws more humidity out because it runs longer, but uses less energy while it's running.
Much of the concept reminds me of Hugh Howey's Silo series, a solo version of it.
I thought I'd be safe since there's like 10 other posts giving real answers before me lol
Or maybe she has so much fucking debt from the masters degree she can't breathe, so she is delivering pizzas to help pay off the debt faster? edit: hah, wow, the Dave Ramsey plan got downvoted like a motherfucker in a huge hurry in this joint.
But it clearly goes against the shit logic that this post is going for, thusly, I was downvoted like mad.
I will tell you what, they absolutely don't wear that kind of shit or drink or eat anything. NFL is super duper strict about having logos and products in interviews and stuff. [Here](https://www.google.com/search?q=nfl+sideline+reporters&amp;safe=off&amp;rlz=1C1GGRV_enUS751US751&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwj-vcavq9viAhVJOK0KHdOfAfkQ_AUIESgC&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=937) are hundreds of pictures of NFL sideline reporters, and they're mostly wearing something nice and the only logo is for the network they're on or the team they're interviewing. Either way, I'd still rather have dude wearing a Nike baseball cap than hundreds of ads assaulting the game I'm trying to watch. At least if there's a commercial break, I can look away or mute the TV or go do something. Those ads during the game ruin the TV watching experience. Lmao, downvoted for spouting troof. Gg reddit
Ray Porter and RC Bray are some of my favorites ever! They really make the audiobook what it is, in many cases! He did the Expeditionary Force series. He honestly made half of that series great. There's an upcoming "audiobook drama" in that series featuring Captain Janeway and a The Doctor from Voyager, and Spock from the newer movies!
Bray is bae &lt;3 lol
There was another AAA game recently that had a PC logo, then announced it was not EGS. I don't remember what game though.
FYI, you'll have to reinstall BL2 reborn or lose all your cool reborn shit.
Last game I preordered was Wind Waker. I guess I "preordered" GTAV, but only because I found it on some obscure Brazilian site selling global keys for like 32 USD.
My daughter is super into reading. She's 150 pages into City of Bones, and we picked it up last night. We pretty much let her read anything, with a few exceptions. I don't think I'd want her to read 1984 yet or anything. Not because she can't read it, because she's hella smart, but because I think, at 9 years old, much of it would wash over her head, and I don't want her to think it's lame now and forgo reading it in the future when she'll really learn something useful from it.
Dyson spheres are only for races that long passed the Great Filter.
&gt; [Do you think money can conjure software or something? Development takes time.](https://en.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/bsae2o/epic_ceo_tim_sweeney_visits_rfuckepic_is_eat_shit/eonlgrv/)
but but but &gt; [I don't care about any "additional features" because they don't enhance my experience.](https://en.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/bsae2o/epic_ceo_tim_sweeney_visits_rfuckepic_is_eat_shit/eor831y/)
Would you say that you can't stop the hype train?
lmao I reported this one with something like "uptits to the left for gallowboob the karma queen"
I don't happen to like him either, and find that he's wrong, lying, or too vague on a lot of stuff to be of any help. But as a tech of 15+ years, I'll agree that almost anything that's not a Toyota is junk.
For freaking real. There are thousands and thousands of books with a great premise that's every bit as good as B5, and some already have move/tv rights. Get some of those balls rolling.
It's making the.... the... the ^^^sex ^^^noise
This was a 30k mile Acura ILX, basically a fancy Civic. Had a hell of a clunk in the front end.
It's definitely a bit formulaic. But I'm perfectly fine with that, it's a fun read with fun situations and problems, with creative and exciting solutions to them, with a little comedy mixed in. I highly doubt anyone is reading this series for it's literary genius or to "get woke." Reading pulpy scifi can be a lot of fun.
Nah, 2016 in Kansas.
Ours does that too! She ended up with just a few dollars, but I get a damn email every morning saying there's a low balance.
Yup. Immediately makes me question the mentality of anyone saying that. The only plausible reasoning for saying that is to *assume* the cop is an asshole, because you never know.
I mean... Don't be an asshole and people are generally not an asshole back. There was a black man shot during a routine traffic stop in a nearby city a year or so ago. Video eventually came out, and the dude was a completely beligerant asshole the entire time, not complying and arguing the whole time. Eventually, the cop wrestled him out of the truck, and the black man body slammed him. Cop's partner shot the guy, as he was on top of the first cop. Would have been 100% fine if he complied to the non issue the cop was asking, as I believe 90% of these bad cop, no donut posts would be.
Oh man, in the "nasty porn star stories" threads or whatever, there are always a ton of stories about them sticking makeup sponges up there (to act as a tampon so they can shoot while on their period) and forgetting about it. woof.
Only if it's an EX or higher
A fool and his money are soon parted. Ope, NVM, they have that unlimited ticket thing with AMC.
A ton of them? Have they even accumulated one year's worth of Camrys? Wikipedia says 263k Model S worldwide from 2012 and 2018, while the Camry hasn't sold under 300k (in the US alone) in a single year since 1993. But I haven't heard of any major or widespread problems with Toyota touchscreens.
Are you taking it as a point of pride that a $25k vehicle has a more reliable touch screen than a "75-150k" vehicle? What is wrong with you? Call me crazy, but if I'm spending 75k+ on a vehicle, it had better be goddamned perfect. I should be able to drive that thing for 10 years without spending money on anything except maintenance, you know, like I could do in a 25k Camry.
Woop woop, t town represent! Went to that McD's once and all they had for food were basics, like burgers and fries and drinks.
Yep. Went ther once and it was only basics, like burgers, fries, and drinks. No salads, and I don't think they had fish or chicken either.
There's a Checkers in Lawrence, but I use context to assume not the same kind the above poster was talking about.
Google maps still has signs up and traffic in May of 2013, but it couldn't have been long after that.
If you go to Google maps street view, you can view historical street view. [Here](https://www.google.com/maps/@39.0150787,-95.7153887,3a,75y,90t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1smJ-J1GptfQvwketzjPWYEQ!2e0!7i13312!8i6656) you will find [this](https://i.imgur.com/x7d5oml.jpg) image of the exact same building with McDonalds signs all over it in May of 2013.
Well aware, hence why I said "not the same kind as above"
Check mate, athiests
Is Captain Janeway Nagatha? That's amazing, she was always so sensitive and motherly on Voyager and now she's that sweet aunt.
I like to lure the titan into a wormhole where I've moved 5 or 6 orkulus star bases and it doesn't stand a chance.
In like 3rd or 4th grade, me and his other dude would always grade each others tests. So we wouldn't even try, we'd just write down some jibberish. But then one day, she was like "pass your papers the other way!" And we didn't really have any answers written down. Oi, that was embarrassing to say we got a zero.
Why are so many of these malls in Kansas or Kansas City? I swear I see one every day within a few hours of me.
2007 Rav4 v6 here. We do oil changes every 5k miles, that's when the Maint Req'd light comes on (flashes at 4500 I think, then on solid at 5k). Follow the manual, change fluids when it says. Not a lot else to do for maintenance on these. Make sure you never ever run out of oil, the 2gr-fe really doesn't handle that too well. The pistons are sleeved, so running low on oil will score the sleeves and it will burn oil like crazy. A common leak is from the washers on the vvt oil lines, but there was also a recall on some years. I change the trans oil/filter every 50k or so. Don't do a flush, it can break stuff loose inside later in life. I use a mityvac like [this](https://www.amazon.com/Mityvac-7201-Fluid-Evacuator-Plus/dp/B0002SR7TC/ref=sr_1_2?keywords=mityvac&amp;qid=1561335144&amp;s=gateway&amp;sr=8-2) to suck out fluid, then fill with however much I put in. I use Toyota fluid, not anything from Napa or etc. I do diff fluids every 50k also, they're not super bad, but fluids are cheap.
Boyo that's what Walt and Jesse needed in Fly.
Like, why are you leaving the door open with a husky right there? That's a good way to lose your husky buddy.
Yeah and 44 million people in the US learned, shortly after hindering their future success and retirement, that student loans are one of the worst financial decisions one could make. That would have been a lot more informational for those people than binomial coefficients.
Watching the show now and this appeared on /r/all. Luckily, we're past this point.
While that's definitely a valid point (and to be honest, I didn't even remember what was taught in algebra 2, I had to google it lol), high school courses aren't exactly teaching you (at least they weren't 20 years ago) how to apply the knowledge learned. It was basically "this is how you do it, now practice it 50 times, then we'll have a test, and we'll start something else."
Sounds like it should be someone from Wh40k
I don't really listen to music when I play these days, but there are many songs/albums I still associate with certain games. Sometimes even specific parts in specific games. When Ben Folds Five's *Brick* was way overplayed on the radio, I was going up [this](https://youtu.be/aGL6uUrwwus?t=113) elevator in The Grisly Grotto in Quake 1, and I said "Oh my God, this song again? I hate this song" and my sister yelled from the next room "I really like this song!" So now, every time I hear that song, I think of that elevator and that pathway. TBH, I think it was just overplayed and I was annoyed by it. Another one I really remember was The Ataris *Anywhere but Here* album, I listened to the shit out of that CD while playing Final Fantasy III (Or VI or whatever you wanna call it).
Similarly, we do the electronic version of this. We have many accounts, one for the mortgage, one for groceries, one for debt, savings, we each have a personal spending account that's off budget, and basically all other spending in the final account. It's basically the electronic version of an envelope system; we found it was really hard when there were 2 people spending to use cash for everything. Need groceries? Well, I don't have the grocery cash sooooo... now we have to do a bunch of cash swapping or depositing or whatever. Funds transfer automatically on Saturdays, just after payday. That's really what got us going with BS2, before that we didn't ever seem to have any extra money, but this kinda forced us to have it.
Grand Am never came with a 3800, ever, though the next generation could be found with the 3300, which was a destroyed version of the 3800. This generation came with a 3.0l, but they were pretty rare, only mated to a super shitty slush box automatic, and lacked about 55 hp vs the venerable quad 4. Even so, the NA 3800 never even matched the power of the High Output quad 4 for this generation. Edit, destroked, not destroyed lol
Also how Beasley went to Kstate and that dude went to Mizzou a couple years ago.
I don't know where to begin to look for such an obscure fact now, but I remember when people were speculating where Beasley would end up, then Beasley Sr got a job a KSU. Then when Michael Porter Jr went to Mizzou, his dad got a job as an asst coach at Mizzou. Porter's dad actually was an asst coach at Washington, where Porter originally committed, then Wash HC changed, dad was fired, and hired at Mizzou. Then both sons went to Mizzou, what a quinky dink. Also funny that they were both Michael Jr's lol edit: just to be clear, no criticism from me. KU's just as guilty as anyone else, we had to play the long con by hiring Bill Self just to get Tyler Self, and hiring Danny Manning as an asst just to get Evan Manning. I think it's a funny way to get around not paying players.
Yeah, you have to pick up anything loose. Shoelaces, phone cords, etc. Ours starts in the dining room, but one day I found a charging cord in the living room, and the charging brick was in a back bedroom, and RoBro was already charging after only 45 minutes. Must have been some party!
I guess I'd trade my old Corolla for an EV, but more likely a new Corolla hybrid. It's 300 miles to my in-laws city, a trip we make several times per year. I'd be spending mid-40k range to get a Tesla that can make it there in one charge, and just barely (310 mile range of a Model 3 as advertised). Or I could get a Corolla Hybrid for low-mid 20k range (or even a Camry hybrid for 28k+). I can buy a huge number of tanks of gas for $17-20k
idk why you're being downvoted, the big 3 didn't sell 2.25 million trucks to people who are using them in 2018. They sold like 500k to people using them, and the rest to people who like big stupid trucks. source: tech at a Ram dealership, and most that come in are pavement pounders.
Probably attributed to her writing 13 books, including 4 NYT best sellers. I'd never heard of either before last night.
If he keeps his job, everyone's gonna rag on him about this forever
Don't blame me, I voted for Juniper
Because I'm not in the car, I want to be inside with everyone else, but I also need my phone in case someone texts or calls.
They can even lie if you ask them if they're a cop! Even if they [ask, like, official](https://youtu.be/hp9wya_EZT4)!
Yep, barely any. Don't have carts, wishlists, achievements... Maybe if they had spent those millions upon millions of dollars on their storefront and launcher instead of buying exclusive rights to force consumer's hands, they'd have that stuff by now.
https://www.vg247.com/2019/05/21/epic-games-store-account-block-for-buying-too-many-games-quickly/ Classic reddit. "Any proof?" "here's proof" "durrrr, here's some downvotes!"
Still 2019 in 'murica, home of both Steam and Epic Games. But don't be a chucklehead, that's well within the past year.
They won't only ever vote for Bernie. They'll only vote for him in the democratic primary, but in the general election they'll definitely vote blue, no matter who.
I think this time around, more people are aware that Trump could win, and aware that he's absolutely full of shit. He at least said some good things and was a largely unknown quantity last time around. The result was a lot of people staying home or not caring. Even still, last time around only about 10-12% of [Bernie](https://www.npr.org/2017/08/24/545812242/1-in-10-sanders-primary-voters-ended-up-supporting-trump-survey-finds) [supporters](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/8/24/16194086/bernie-trump-voters-study) voted Trump. But according to [these guys](https://youtu.be/MqPeFhyMUvc), and Emerson Polling, Bernie supporters are the least likely of major candidates to vote for Trump this time around.
I mean.... they literally spied on their user's steam cache. Maybe not spying for China, but definitely taking data they were not meant to have.
Our McDs has 3 windows and 2 speaker boxes in 2 lanes. The 2 speaker lanes then narrow to one lane, goes to the pay window, then window 1 for food pickup, and they'll send you to window 2 if it's going to be a bit. There's room for several cars between the merge point and the pay window. So they'd both order, but Twitter guy would go to the pay window first, pay for both orders. Twitter guy would pull up to window 1, bird-flipper to the pay window. At the pay window, they'd say "Twitter guy paid for your order!". "aw, that was nice!" But at window 1, Twitter guy would say "hey, I had 2 orders" because sometimes people do that if they're also ordering for someone else. Edit, I guess this was a Facebook post, so Facebook guy. Same deal.
But if Facebook guy cut in front when it was her turn, she'd be right to be mad. Supposed to zipper merge there, but some people just cut in whenever.
They'll sell just the cover, I'm fairly certain. Not necessarily for a Rav4, but we've bought many tow hook covers for many different models.
In January 2013 I got DS1 and 2 + DLCs for 8 bucks. But you can almost always find DS1 now for $4 and DS2 for 5 or 6 bucks, so don't act like they're giving away current/top tier AAA games.
You can't replace it with an aftermarket unit? I know HVAC is below it, but what's stopping someone from just replacing the radio with an aftermarket?
The lady that cuts my hair was throwing one out so I took it home lol.
My daughter did this with Dr Seuss books. Not in class, but I'd catch her sitting on the couch reading to herself!
I was just using the current prices when he made the claims. I even provided screenshots to show those current prices while they were touting the lowest prices. Rdr2's is 43 on gmg, 48-10 on EGS, so only a $5 difference. The Jedi game is 43.82, compared to 49.79-10 on EGS, a $4 difference.
My reply was under an hour after his comment. 11:37 to 12:24. And one of my screenshots says [11:49](https://i.imgur.com/VsCz00D.png), and the other at [12:03](https://i.imgur.com/URG09fl.png), but I was probably on that page before noon. Ergo, my comment with prices was within the same sale timeframe as when his comment about the sale prices was made.
So if the car is a huge rusty POS, take the money?
But it doesn't make the rich people richer
I guess I didn't say it before, but I was thinking about head units with climate control and stuff, and I knew I had seen some aftermarkets that had climate control and stuff, but I didn't know what ones. [Here](https://youtu.be/DQlZGHgUqDg?t=366) is a bit of a Kenwood DMX7706s showing climate controls and stuff.
Some dumbass did this in my city too, but I think it was inside the gun show before it started. I never found a news article, but the resident gun nut at work (who was selling at the show) told me about it.
Bruh, I've been an auto tech for quite some time, and there's a lot more to it than "reading the codes." Reading the codes gets you a starting point, but you won't have a job for very long if you go "oh, P0420, needs a cat" and then $1500 in cats doesn't fix it. There are literally thousands of different codes, as well as manufacturer specific codes they may only see once or twice. After reading the codes, the tech needs to research it. There may be a TSB relating to it that shows there's just a reflash to fix it. Just because there's a circuit open code, that doesn't mean it's a bad sensor or a wiring issue or a bad connector, it simply gives them a place to start. If they're just plugging in a scanner and reading a code, they're shitty techs.
Finally, one centralized place to make fun of their grammar, spelling, and lack of punctuation!
Man I hope this is what this sub was created for. It's what I had in mind when I first saw it.
That looked like a tuddy yo.
Imma start saving this shit and use them to carpet bomb facebook posts into oblivion
That kinda looked like DPI, looked like his right arm was being held
That's no penalty at all. Great play, clean play.
The hour diagnostic fee isn't just to read a code, it's for a full diagnostic for that problem. I ain't saying there aren't a lot of shitty techs, but a real diagnostic process is much more than just "durr what's this code say?" and if they misdiagnosed a problem, there's real potential for the customer to get at least a partial refund for the repair. That said, there are only so many ways to confirm without actually repairing, and many times the tree ends at "replace with known good component and retest."
lol, and that dude moved here from Florida, where he sold flowers from a cart on the street. So we get a little /r/floridaman also!
Oh no, I left that place in 2009, but this sub's creation reminded me of it and I dug it up.
Idk, first thing I'd do is check for power at that terminal. If there's no power there, I'll check an inch or two outside of the connector. I can't tell you how many times I've found a broken wire where it bends as it comes out of the connector.
womp womp
&gt; if you lose the toss, you gotta earn your offense, and play some defense. But only one team does. And that's why the rules are garbage. I think if both teams start at midfield, or at the 40 or so. No field goals, no PATs, just TDs and 2 point conversions. If it's tied after both teams have the ball, play another round. Again and again, until it's not tied at the end.
How can it be more unfair than one team not even getting a chance to score?
So what if you guys be each team the ball at midfield, then have no kicks? No field goals, no PATs. If it's tied after each team has a possession, then they go again.
So kick it off to start every possession? Bingo bango bongo, all 3 parts of the game, more fair than the current system or college. Either way, it's better than the current system where it may only have 1/3rd of the game involved.
Sometimes, but not always. Some cars have the pretensioner built into the seat belt itself, the ratcheting part.
I've only heard of it because of the epic exclusivity. I'm much more likely to have seen it if it were on Steam.
And you could still go to the physical store and buy any of those games for a long time.
Y'all are being fucking stupid. If you don't want to get murdered, do everything you can to not be in a dangerous situation. Seems to me like that makes perfect sense. Most of this post's points are perfectly valid. The best defense is to not be in a dangerous place.
What the ever loving fucking shit were they looking at? I just wanna choke a Triplett every time I see it.
I think we feel worse about "forward progress" because that's literally nothing we've ever seen before, while we've seen missed PI hundreds or thousands of times.
This sounds like a blast, I know what I'm doing on lunch today!
Thanks for quoting everyone except Steve Watkins.
You will not win me over with your use of "t'was"
&gt; Iran is Iran's worst enemy. Couldn't you say the same about the US? On average in 2019, 40 people were killed by gun violence per day in this country, so in the 5 days this was going on..............
I make apple cider in the fall, and big jugs like this (and like those!) are awesome! There's this super cheap red wine that comes in a 1 gallon carboy, and it's only like $10. I always make my wife get one of those when she's buying booze. Now I have quite a few, but still end up saving 2 liters.
So a gun isn't a gun when it's convenient? The comment I replied to was about Iran killing more Iranians than Americans. So I said Americans killed more Americans than Iran. Made sense to me.
So a car doesn't have a use outside of crashing?
I agree with you, tbh. All good and valid points. I just wish there were more regulations to limit ownership or magazine sizes or similar. I also agree working to solve poverty would help much more. Sadly, a large part of the country and politicians have a "fuck you" mentality when it comes to anything that helps those people. Better education or healthcare? Nah dog.
Yeah nah. When my daughter was young, wifey got a job at a big joint that has a daycare center, and I thought we'd get cheaper daycare... But it was more expensive than the place she was already going to!
I've seen something called Toolbox Widget on youtube, they're wrench organizers that stand straight and you can put em anywhere. I don't know if it'd fit everything you have in that drawer or not, but maybe worth a loot! They look pretty neat!
/r/popping
Why is it UK if it's Kentucky University?
No no, they won by putting the ball in the basket more times.
Tell me why you can't make a car worth owning, GM? "That I don't know..."
So several years ago, there were a few years in a row where we beat both teams in the super bowl. Since we lost to both remaining AFC teams (pending), does that mean we'll beat both of them to get to the super bowl?
That may be a traffic circle. Different from a roundabout, usually no stopping to enter, but maybe stop signs within.
He did something crazy similar last season, I wanna say against the Broncos, but I'm not sure if that's right.
That was 100% a [defenseless receiver](https://operations.nfl.com/the-rules/nfl-video-rulebook/defenseless-player/). It is a foul if a player initiates unnecessary contact against a player who is in a defenseless posture. 1. Players in a defenseless posture are: ------- 2. A receiver attempting to catch a pass who has not had time to clearly become a runner. If the player is capable of avoiding or warding off the impending contact of an opponent, he is no longer a defenseless player
Boy that really didn't age well.
Patty you da best
He did launch himself in such a manner. It's probably the "and" that prevented it from being a called penalty, because he definitely did part i
Can you print me one? My car has a little cubby that would be perfect for a dock like this to sit in!
Everyone in every other, like, legit country on Earth has affordable healthcare.
More compact, and the taper of the head centers it while also holding the bolt better. I guess, idk.
Of these 5 games, 2 were one point games, 2 went to overtime... and this thing. * Bills v Oilers, 32 pt deficit and Bills won by 3 in OT * Colts v Chiefs, 28 pt deficit and Colts won by 1 point in regulation. * Pats v Falcons, 25 pt deficit and Pats won in OT. * 49ers v Giats, 24 pt deficit and 49ers won by 1 point in regulation.
There was this one time, in the middle of fucking nowhere Kansas, or maybe northern Oklahoma, I was behind this semi doing 5-10 under and not maintaining his speed. Annoying as hell. Pretty busy 2 lane highway though, and I was never able to pass. Driving along, and a turn lane on the right appears and the truck gets over. So I start puttering past him. At this point, I'll add that i was in a Hyundai Accent, so it was truly puttering. He speeds up, because why wouldn't you? He's kinda hugging the line, and I'm not really sure if he's exiting or not, so I hung back. Then I realize it's a passing lane! Oh shit! I can pass him! We're not too long into the passing lane, so I should have plenty of lane left before it goes back to 2 lanes, right? I'm passing him, bat outta hell-style, pedal to the metal... but again, it's an Accent so... It's probably slower than the passing in this video. Then I see the goddamn turn lane is ending! It was only like 1/4 mile long! And there's a goddamn semi coming from the other direction! Oh shit! Oh shit! Oh shit! GO LITTLE HAMSTER GO! Nah. Not going. Lucky for me, the truck driver was paying attention and took the shoulder, I could hear him driving on the rumble strips. It was pretty fucking stupid, there were no signs saying it was a passing lane, no signs saying how long there'd be a passing lane, and no signs saying how long until the end of the passing lane.
At night, some of ours flash yellow on the main road, red on the side road, meaning it's a normal stop sign for the side road. Definitely doesn't happen during rush hour.
Oh dang, I could finally have a reason to use that weird double-USB-C cable that came with my phone!
Biden out there stutterin' and mumblin'
Man, my wife said something about this to me, and I was like "Oh, like Speaker for the Dead?!" She didn't get it.
if it can be called an "insurance town" - something that adds literally nothing to the product - it means we're paying too fucking much to insurance companies.
Bet so, my wife had some of these babies at her baby shower, but I don't know what they did with them. Years later, daughter found them and was putting them in toy cars and stuff. They still show up every once in a while!
Yeah but the Ryobi are freakin' cheap, great for home use. You can get a Ryobi brushed kit, a 1/2" drill, a driver, a charger, and 2 batteries for under $100. Can't even get an 1/2" M18 drill bare tool for that.
It's fairly flat, so the roll would start really slow (as we see). She probably had her foot on the brake while she was getting her stuff and exiting.
The topic was about how expensive pre-k childcare is, and he was woe-is-me talking about how little he made when he was a first term senator. So not really.
Is anybody really enthusiastic about driving an SUV?
They also call a Nissan Juke and Toyota C-HR an SUV so 🤷‍♂️
Which means they're obviously in the same class as this giant 6000 pound monster of a vehicle from Genesis?
I guess you can the brushed ones, I sometimes forget Milwaukee even makes brushed and brushless models still.
So don't try? So don't do your part? Pro tip: if people don't buy big stupid SUVs, companies won't make big stupid SUVs.
Polluting capitalists and polluting capitalist supporters are kinda the same thing, mate. Similarly, I have no connection with Genesis or GM or whomever is making a big stupid SUV, but I do have a little bit of connection with people that may be purchasing them, or with people who know people who may be purchasing them. I'll say it louder though: DON'T BUY DUMB SHIT AND THEY WON'T MAKE DUMB SHIT.
My Corolla didn't come with it factory (just had int, low, high), but I added it by just swapping the stalk.
We had a big Ford Econoline when I was a kid, and had a bathroom trash can in it! In my car, I just keep a bag to put receipts and small stuff in.
They really just need to make Streets of Sim City style game for this. A free standing game with real driving physics that loads your Cities map and let's you go to town.
I'm not sure she was really sleeping. Legs weren't kicking and she wasn't making little squeaky noises! A few nights ago, Moose was sleeping in bed with us (yes, sometimes, when one of us isn't feeling well). I woke in the middle of the night getting kicked over and over, like he was trying to push me out of the bed! Then he stopped kicking and "grrrrrrrrrrrrr grrrrrrrrrrr" then went back to kicking me! I always wonder what he's chasing... If it's a cat, is it our cat, or just the idea of a cat? Some anonymous figment of a cat?
lol one book covers 8 years. You couldn't even fit one modern vehicle into a book that size. But I'll bet real wages haven't gone anywhere.
At least 3 of those might as well have been for him lol
I never said Cuba was better, I said America isn't as great as... basically anywhere with a not for profit healthcare system.
Literally an ad. I'll get on youtube and find the ad. Gimme a sec. [Here's a quick screenshot.](https://i.imgur.com/WkKGzSe.jpg)
Fuck that noise. Like, I'm confident in my abilities, but what if *something* happened? Caliper bolt wasn't treated correctly and broke after reinstalling? Man, I'd be bankrupt from just the ensuing accident.
Fuckin' turd hair lmao
Hey that was a blindsided block, wasn't it?
He caught it going backwards, but changed direction and pushed the defenders forward. Doesn't matter anymore though!
**AND THEN SCORE AFTER HALF!**
WHAT. CANT. HE. DO.
Why would.you include postseason rushing when you're comparing to someone else this season? Is the next guy also in the postseason, or did he play 3 fewer games?
You just got... DIRTY DICKED
Speaking of Lamar Hunt, did you know he opened Worlds Of fun also?
Didn't play BL2, but played BL3 with it. It's perfectly fine. I'm better with a mouse, but probably 90% as good with the SC. Steam Controller ain't just a controller.
I have the VIM half cut torx too, love those little buggers! It'd be nice if they had the hex on them like these though.
And TJ Carpenter, he's now in Denver, is mad salty on twitter
So if I get insurance from my wife's employer, they'll pay me an extra 5k per year or whatever, right?
It was a little 3 legged stool. I was really expecting some top-turnbuckle type chair swinging when they said "HE PICKED UP A CHAIR!"
It would be much more interesting if they'd do them all at once, I'd love to see a tram play a whole game with fewer than 5 players!
Oh that's right. I watched something a while back when she explained it, I do remember her saying it wasn't because her parents were hippies.
So let's excessively market fatty and sugar loaded foods to them while not providing any form of decently priced healthcare!
And Disney owns Hulu, so no surprise that Hillary's "nobody likes Bernie" is on Hulu.
"The four part docuseries will premier in its entirety March 6 on Hulu" https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/features/hillary-clinton-full-a-fiery-new-documentary-trump-regrets-harsh-words-bernie-1271551
Surely it can move. Especially at the pedals, looks like it's just sitting there.
Good thing my mom calls them the Chiefers
When my daughter was born (not long enough ago that inflation would really factor in), we combined for about $2600/mo take home. Had a $700 student loan payment, $800 day care per month, and $600 for rent... Doesn't leave a lot of extra for diapers and baby food and formula... And then we had to eat too. Looking back, I'm not really sure how we made it.
Back in the day, you had to skip to the citadel to get the upgrade then go back to the beginning. I played through several times just using the super grav gun. Maybe it was just that nobody knew how to get the upgraded grav gun through console, or maybe it didn't exist as a unique entity
On a fucking Jetta. That looks atrocious. Those wheels look fuckin dope on a 1st Gen S10 though. Edit; sorry scat lovers, didn't mean to offend you by calling it a Jetta and not an A4. The rest of my statement continues to ring true, however.
Unreliable, hard to work on, and requiring tons of special tools? Sounds like a blast.
"Hey I know you guys are upset about police killing you, so simmer the fuck down or the army gonna come kill you instead"
omigosh that page is crazy.
Yesterday on the radio, some dude was blaming this on Obama lmao. Saying Obama was too soft on Baltimore and Ferguson and it led to this. They also said it was premature for an oval office address lmao.
I didn't change the subject, I simply expanded on one part of your comment. I don't have to refute every single thing you said in one stupid little reddit post.
Because it was false?
In addition to that, you need someone to wiggle the steering wheel while you watch the joint on the gearbox end of the drag link. It's just above the driver side shock in your picture there. You can't check that while it's in the air, and you won't be able to feel it by shaking it alone. Also it's recommended to replace the hub seals at this point, they can be very small leaks that will prevent you from engaging 4wd, and pulling the axles to do the ball joints frequently causes them to leak. There's also a super stupid special tool to push the seals in, and you'll never get it in without them.
I think that's a pretty minor issue when buying your own, but yeah, borrowing someone else's wouldn't really work. I wonder if there's an adapter so you can install SSQA buckets/attachments to JSQA loaders or vice versa?
Does that mean my EA games will be in my Steam account? Or nothing changed for old games?
We can only pray for so long before we realize he'll never change, then it's time to pray for his replacement.
I did! We put some of our "stimulus" in savings, and we each got some for spending monies, and that put me over the top for my grapple! I didn't spend $2k, but it was still a decent amount of money.
I think it's the opposite. On my BX, if it's disconnected I think it won't shut off. There's a timer relay that energizes for 10 seconds or so when you turn the ignition switch, and that energizes the shutoff solenoid. I don't know if the B is the same, and I don't know 100% if disconnecting the harness will disable the BX, but when that fuse blew on mine it just wouldn't shut off the engine.
I have an [Extreme Tools](https://www.reddit.com/r/Tools/comments/4by6eu/nbd_extreme_tools_toolbox/) box, I think they call it their "professional" line, it's the 30" deep one. I bought it in March of 2016. Prior to that, I had a 72" Snap On Classic 96. I bought the SO with the intention of eventually adding a hutch to it, because I love hutches, but come to find out they're really really short, like neck high when open. There really aren't a lot of options for boxes that have tall hutches, but the Extreme is tall. I, at 6'2" plus boots, can rest my forehead on the "bottom" of the door (outward facing part) when it's open. I don't really like the drawer latches, it has detents like cheaper boxes, rather than some sort of release in the latch, but I think the new ones have a latch instead. The finish could definitely be better; apparently some of our glass cleaner was pretty harsh, and it fogged some of the finish in some spots. But as far as being a box that works great and is huge, I haven't had any problems at all.
lmao that's a hot steaming pile of lie. Like 50% of the posts recently have basic grammatical errors or misspellings. But really, the way to get to the front page: #1 - it's gotta be a repost, nothing new allowed. It's gotta be kinda neat. It's gotta be in the wrong sub, but that's because karma whores just blanket post the same thing to 10 different subs and then delete the ones that don't catch. Also, most of those initial upvotes are done by bots and OP's alts.
Lol like reporting helps. I can't speak for this sub specifically, but on another popular sub I reported/modmailed several posts for being reposts (from the past month, all to reach the front page) and they left them up. I even provided a link to the previous post. Then I posted something in some comments about it being a repost and got banned, because one of their rules was not complaining about shitty reposts, apparently. The mod's reply when I said I had reported/modmailed several times was ":)" And no, the posts were not removed. It's like contacting my congressman.
I actually found many of them pretty funny. I hope I don't get fired!
As I said, I wasn't really speaking about this sub, and my banishment was from a much shittier sub that's on the front page daily. How does that bot deal with posts that have been deleted? Most of the major karma whores delete their submission history so they can't be found in the future, does the bot recognize posts like that?
That was the giveaway for me, 60s at the earliest. The truck, not so much. My uncle still uses a 50s International on his farm.
But did I break a rule? The rules for the sub say to report reposts via modmail or the report button. I did that, and they didn't do anything, on several different posts that were reposts within their no-reposting-timeframe. Rule broke -&gt; they didn't care -&gt; I complained about it -&gt; I'm banned.
If the mods aren't honoring their rules, why do I have to?
If I follow the required steps and nothing is done, time after time after time, seems to me there's not a lot of reason to not find other means of expressing that it's a repost. What's the worst that happens? I get banned from a shitty sub that allows shitty reposts that the mods don't care about? Boo-fucking-hoo, guess it's another sub to filter out, and some more shitty mods to RES tag.
So because I want to make something better, I'm throwing a tantrum and being a child? Got it. Guess we'll just make shitty shit shittier because that's the adult way to do it.
I just hope you see this: https://en.reddit.com/r/NatureIsFuckingLit/comments/gzwido/frogs_joirny_on_a_glass_door/
Damnit, the shower of sparks all over my unprotected face is my favorite part!
We actually sold a really nice gray 2008 R/T recently. Some dude flew from New Hampshire or something to Kansas to buy it and drive it home. I replaced those stupid tension strut control arms and front brakes, but it was really nice otherwise.
That's a camshaft bearing. But same gist. It's been run low on oil at some point, or just really dirty oil for a long time. So that car will need, at the least, a cylinder head and camshaft. But that wear means some metal shavings were likely circulated through the entire engine, and that means it might have got into connecting rod or main bearings and could cause the same thing down there. If this happened to the camshaft bearing, it would wear the timing chain also, if this vehicle has a chain, so it would be wise to replace that whole setup also..
You can buy civics, accords, camrys, and Corollas all damn day for $3k, and probably have about a 75% chance of not needing a major repair before the brand new Equinox.
I can see the Facebook morons already, they're saying those were antifa instigators trying to make trump look bad. Hell, trump might even tweet that!
lmao I think it was in /r/cars some time back, some dude was working on his red eye (a $70k Challenger) and had a harbor freight plug in electric impact.
I worked at a Goodyear corporate store. We had a bunch of glorified lube techs who were paid hourly, mostly did tires and oil changes, but would do alignments, brakes, flushes, etc if the techs were busy. We had 2 techs that were flat rate, so they made all of their money on commission. "Having to align it twice" is bullshit though lol. Sounds like they forgot to align it and didn't want to admit it.
I have some of those somewhere, the Bluepoint ones. I don't ever use them because I broke every single tip quite rapidly, and SO guy said they were a wearable item 🙄
I have the 40v non-self propelled. I bought it used about 3 years ago. I don't have much to mow with it, it's just for trimming, but I've never had any problems with it.
better be knocking on someone else's bay door lmao
A Charger or Explorer would never fit on these paths!
I'm surprised they didn't make you cut it out or something. We bought one from auction years ago, it was an Altima. Some law enforcement dude (I don't remember if it was DEA or just HiPo now) delivered the keys to us, we weren't supposed to touch it before he got there. He had us bring it down to their shop. We put the car in the air, and he wanted us to find the compartment, but we couldn't. If you were underneath, unbolted the exhaust and removed the heat shield, it was welded to the bottom side of the tunnel. The access was under the shifter under the console. We had to cut out the compartment and weld the hole closed before we could actually take the car.
So a Ford F-250 can straight up run over a Civic Si or a Golf? Sounds like a much better option.
But a cop isn't driving either of those...
Monarchs. Sporting. Wait, maybe not the last one.
I don't know if you're being sarcastic or not, but yes. It's not a hard time frame like the milk in your fridge, but after about 6 years the rubber can start to deteriorate and you're much more likely to suffer a blowout.
I played it several times in the mid-2000s, but never completed it. I just bought it on Steam a couple weeks ago and finished it a couple of days ago for the first time. Then I started a new game +, and went through the right telepod, thinking the sparkle was a capsule.
And mind is racing thinking it might her son.
The worst little city in the midwest: Topeka, KS!
Yeah I was super pleased with both of the It films. They kept the same overarching plot, but took some liberties with some individual scenes.
But ya still get mad mpgs
Most def. Even pay 100%, I don't care, but that dude usually brought home around $300-350/week, but made $861 while he was laid off and I had to pick up the slack for nothing extra. The bill should have been written that they'd get unemployment + up to $600 or enough to reach 100% of their income.
You know, Snap On has John Deere Green...
We had a dude ragequit, and it looked an awful lot like this. He had a Craftsman about this width with a top. Backed his Mazda Tribue up to the door, pushed the box out, and dumped it into the back of the car.
I wonder how the language is in an auto tech union. 100% of pay is from work performed, so I wonder if it says you don't have to sweep or restock.
We have ProDemand, and it's generally my weapon of choice. We also have Identifix from an old workplace (please don't change the password!). They both have their own pros and cons. I usually use the one that pays the best, of course!
I wish they'd fix the ones that go the other way! There was a Cadillac I had to do an engine mount on a while back, and ProDemand said like 2.5 hours. That included removing the sway bar, the exhaust manifold on that side, and the engine mount bracket. The exhaust manifold alone paid more than the mount, and the mount paid like 6 hours on AllData/Identifix.
I use an old license plate that I've bent juuuuuust right for the Hemi Rams.
You could use sleeved cables, like a throttle cable, hood release, or parking brake cable from a car, make some brackets for each end, and then you could hold the controller while using the foot pedals!
Nissan and Ford still put it down in the footwell like that. Buick Park Avenue were on the pedal side and a 2 piece filter, so you had to push one in, then push it up and slide the other one in, while doing a headstand on the floor. Nissan Rogue (I think) is still on the driver's side, but you don't have to remove the pedals.
It's pretty wide open. The rear part of the battery box is still there, but you can at least pull it out and up pretty easily. The cowl is 2 parts, there's the upper part that comes off with the clips, then the lower is those 4 bolts. The end of [this](https://youtu.be/_Md3jc7leYU) video shows what's left in the way.
That's not really what I was getting at. What I was saying is that they can afford a super expensive vehicle, but use a super low power electric impact instead of paying the same for an air impact, which would provide 3x the power and have a smaller form factor. Those electrics are really only good for people without an air compressor.
They used to storm the library's book sale and buy up anything. You'd hear them scanning like crazy, trying to find books that were worth reselling. But now the local library has a few hours at the beginning where they won't allow resellers.
The quick and easy way for some joe schmoe without a pressure gauge is to slap one on. OP, it's likely the pressure switch though.
Straighten the wheels up. Then disconnect the intermediate shaft from the steering gear. Next, you'll very very *very* carefully rotate the steering wheel from "lock to lock." You're not really going lock to lock, because it's actually the rack or steering gear that determines where the "lock" (the far end of turnability) is, you're actually going as far as the clock spring will go. Go too far or too hard and you're stretching it. Count how many turns it takes - it'll probably be around 5.5-7 turns. Go back half of that and center the wheel. You can look up how far you should be able to turn the wheel, it's usually somewhere around 2.5 (plus or minus .3) turns center to lock. I've seen that on like motortrend pages with vehicle specs (like turning radius). When you think it's in the middle, you can hook the steering shaft back up and make sure it feels right, make sure it goes the same distance both ways. Just be delicate when you're rotating the steering wheel. I use a bungee cord around the bottom hole of the steering wheel and the bottom of the seat.
Right? I saw the title and thought "how is it the most accessible when 3/4 of platforms can't even play it?"
A huge percentage of people are just looking for the cheapest oil change they can find.
No problem, I've been in the same boat before!
We're about to find out, we're getting pretty hungry up in here!
Or if you're in /r/the_dipshit, it's POTUS of the us.
[lol](https://i.imgur.com/25eKjbn.jpg), troof
He made the money from car sales. Started as a salesman, then opened his own independent dealership, then started buying up franchised dealerships. I think he has 8 dealerships now. So no, the money didn't start from opening a shop.
Or alternative opinion: the people making the money should benefit from it. Honestly though, I'm paid pretty decent and can't complain about that, for the most part. But it's still fun to talk shit. But decent benefits would be nice 🤷‍♂️
Lmao, amazing! Old white man rolling that? Head. Turner.
Duh. But if you just read the title, that's a valid interpretation. Hence why I said "I saw the title and thought"
Check it bruh, if we weren't getting paid, we'd be getting an extra $600 per week. Also, we're driving nasty cars driven by nasty and potentially virus-infected people. You know, the reason 20%+ of the population is without a job, cuz they don't wanna spread the virus.
Lmao, def. He's probably just going to add it to his personal car "museum."
Doug DeMuro did a video on a Countach, and says it's almost impossible to drive lol. No rear visibility, crappy pedal placement, no real comforts, and the windshield wiper stops directly in front of the driver. I'm not sure I'd drive it much either!
Matey, there's a /r/workbenches subreddit too! I dig the verticality of it! Why'd you use a solid panel instead of a pegboard or something?
He acts like a Husky, no doubt! Mine has never bit anyone, but gosh darnit does he explore the world with his mouth!
James, you are the dumbest person on reddit, bruh.
Those massive *15"* tires lol. They're like 345/35/15s, outrageous.
He just bought it mate, and that's why it's im the detail shop.
Check out [this thread](https://en.reddit.com/r/7daystodie/comments/f4ej9k/here_are_few_tips_tricks_about_how_to_get_some/). One of the things he recommended was dropping it to 720p then enabling "image sharpening" in nvidia control panel. That made a 10-ish fps difference for me on both PCs. My daughter runs an i3-4150 with a GTX 660 and 8 gb ram. It runs, but it's not great. Even at 720p it's probably averaging 20 fps. I have an i3-6100 with an r9-290 and 16 gb of ram. I average around 35 fps, but in cities I still drop to low 20s or teens.
lmao, aight, you think what you want. I've read enough of your comment history to know you have nothing to contribute.
"no u" lmao. gtfo trumpette.
It sounds broken.
Did you tell him he needs to experience all of the seasons before committing?
And how they won in the playoffs, eg winning them all by double digits.
I can listen while I clean, work, drive, bike, mow. Whenever. I rarely would have time to actually read a whole book, but I can plow through a 10 hour book in a few days.
Fits /r/trashyboners so much better.
Not defending these absolute fucking morons in any way, but it's rear facing like that so if the nut falls off, the bolt won't fall out.
And how much more does that cost technicians? Let's say they sold 3 million vehicles with this design. It's probably more cars than that, because it was Hyundai Sonata, Kia Optima, Hyundai Tucson, Kia Sportage, Hyundai Genesis, and Kia Cadenza. Maybe others, but those are the ones I can remember off hand. They sold about 2.5 million Sonata/Optima from 2012 to 2019; I honestly don't remember if that was on the older cars, but I know 2012+ are that style. Let's say that control arm/shock bolt removal (older ones had a loose washer on the bolt and it could slide past the shock, but later ones had a flange on the bolt head and wouldn't fit past the shock, so you had to remove the lower shock bolt also) adds 15 minutes to the rear brake job. Most shops pay a certain amount for a brake job, our shop pays the tech 1.5 hours on almost all brake jobs. The only ones I think that pay more are like the old Colorados that have the captive rotors. So there might be a labor time listed, but most shops don't use that, and besides, according to Prodemand, the front rotors pay more to replace than the rears 🤪 and on Alldata, it only pays .1 more per side, but nobody uses that anyway. Assume every car is going to need rear brakes replaced once in it's lifetime, some will need them done twice, but others won't make it to the first before an accident or something. Now assume technicians are making an average of $25/hour - that's $20/hour and averaging 50 hours per week. So 3 million brake jobs, adding 15 minutes each. That's 45 million minutes, or 750,000 hours that aren't getting billed or paid, but are being worked by techs. 750,000 x $25/hour means that stupid ass control arm is costing US technicians approximately $18.75 million dollars.
The more common repair is to just remove the airbags. Replace them with springs.
How'd they break the upper oil pan, but only cosmetic damage to the subframe?
Wild. I'm sure the bracket is stronger than the pan, but you'd think they'd use shear bolts or the bosses would strip out or something.
\#profitsoverpeople
/r/buildapc /r/buildapcsales /r/buildapcforme www.pcpartpicker.com
Shame if those people were eaten...
He looks like a TV drug lord. Surprised he didn't just board a chopper and head to Colombia when things got hairy.
So question: working in an auto shop, is it required? We're all 6+ feet away, it's open air (doors are open). I could see when going into the parts department orbs mething, but what about working? But it's hot as fuck already, heat index approaching and maybe passing 100° tomorrow. I'm all about wearing it into stores, but those are air conditioned.
I feel bad for that old lady, granny could have had a heart attack!
All of game 7 I was telling "he can't keep getting away with it!" But he did :(
lol, I do leave the shop and do it in the back of the parts department, at least. Really helps me get my work done and lose weight!
