Oh God, I don't wanna think about Bell twice a year with Brady on the decline!
You laugh, but Le'veon Bell is exactly the kind of man who would call his child Jesus. Hell, Cam Newton's son is named Chosen!
Of course Ballard's not throwing him that kind of money! Part of what killed Grigson is the Andrew Luck contract strangling the talent around him!
You're not wrong. I can't think of a single game where we played the full monty of Ben, Bell, and Brown.
...Alright then...
I believe either Brown or Bell left with some form of injury? I know whoever it was didn't play the whole game, though. You can check that out if you want, but I remember an injury to one of those guys.
I mean, what evidence is there that they aren't?
There's that Pop Warner team we all know and love! All is right with the world! #FoldTheBrowns
I would hope Baker realizes that the Texans are much better off than the Browns, though.
Sorry. Only a shutout can counterbalance all the talent Jimmy's been exposed to these past couple games.
You know Hee Hee's the favorite to become your next head coach, right? Enjoy #1 overall in 2020.
The horse is dead. Stop beating it already.
It's not even remotely fair that the Texans are on a 4th-place schedule with the Browns! You're expecting a team that went winless to contend with Watson on offense and Watt on defense?!?
THE FAILURE OF THIS DRIVE IS ON YOUR HANDS, GRONKOWSKI!!!
It doesn't matter at this point, but STOP FUCKING HOLDING PEOPLE, GRONK!!! It's from the spot of the foul, so it's a first down either way, but that still hurts!
At least you have the no quarterback excuse. McCarthy had Rodgers. No saving face on that.
There's no point punting it at this point!
"This is fine."
And they smoked the coach with them.
Does it piss anyone else off that Belichick has gotten into the habit of making challenges he's clearly going to lose?
Prevent defense is cancer. Change my mind.
Sorry, pal. You're where everyone goes when they're not good enough for the other 31 teams.
Chargers, if only because a Super Bowl appearance would contribute to building them a fanbase in LA. No guarantee even that will change anything, but it's still better than the Chiefs winning anything.
Dark side or not, getting a quarterback is not optional this draft. You could argue that Belichick is using the practice squad to keep Etling around and still have only two quarterbacks on the roster (Brady and Hoyer). But Hoyer's a free agent at the end of the year, which ultimately means Etling's the backup behind Brady, so this coming draft is going to be VERY telling.
So, is Kyler Murray definitively not declaring for the draft even if he wins the Heisman? I looked him up, and he seems to be joining the A's in spring.
I think that's more an indicator of how well those programs are run.
"No one" is an odd way of spelling "Washington."
&gt; They initially suspended Ray Rice for 2 games for knocking his girlfriend/fiance out cold. Meanwhile, Tom Brady had gotten 4 games for allegedly deflating footballs. I'm sorry, I just refuse to let that go!
What happens if he declares, then? Does he just void his deal with the A's? Or is it pretty much binding at this point?
Dude. We're the team that had Aaron Hernandez. We're kind of a bit more careful with our red flags these days.
Sanchez?! What happened to McCoy?!?
I don't know what the Patriots knew about him before that, but I doubt FUCKING MURDER was in their headspace when they drafted him!
He was ARRESTED FOR MURDER!!! I THINK that takes precedence over a lifetime ban from the NFL or some shit!
How far removed was he from his conviction? I imagine we figured he was retiring after the year anyway, plus he'd stayed out of trouble since then, so he was deemed "safe."
In December?!
Oh, God... Is he the only quarterback on the roster now?
Was it really that contentious between Rodgers and McCarthy if the problem was that you were stuck with players from the Thompson drafts?
I've heard it said that Frank Reich had more to do with the Eagles' Super Bowl run than Doug Pederson. How accurate would you say that is?
That also makes sense.
Based on the title alone, I'm guessing the long and short of it is just, "No more expansion."
I mean, both the Seahawks and Mariners use SEA, don't they?
The playoffs don't need expanding, they need proper seeding! I wanna watch competitive games, not obligatory rivalry games!
The Bruins didn't want them to be the New England Whalers for fear of infringing on their territory.
And it's not gonna happen because we always - ALWAYS - shit the bed in Miami!
Health issue? I thought it was just the fallout from the whole Zach Smith thing.
Yeesh, and here I thought it was just him trying to run from the whole Zach Smith thing. Now I feel like a horrible human being.
Well, let's see here. Join a team with one of the best quarterbacks of his generation? Or willingly contract a horrible disease that saps one of every shred of talent they ever had? Ladies and gentlemen, your Super Bowl LIV champion Green Bay Packers. #FoldTheBrowns
My only question is whether the regular season will still be 82 games. Currently, the Easter Conference plays 28 division games, 24 conference games, and 30 non-conference games per team. Either two more games need to be added for Seattle or a pair of games will have to be trimmed somehow.
It's official. Phillip Rivers is the new Kate Gosselin.
Then explain to me how they're on their ninth kid.
Can confirm. I only go to church on Christmas and Easter.
Thank FUCK! Starting pitching is one of our big strengths, and I did NOT want to get that much weaker on that front!
Kimbrel's definitely gone, then? Good, he's clearly not the dominant closer he used to be. Hell, there were games I was legitimately scared he'd blow for us entirely.
I mean, I wouldn't mind Jim Harbaugh in our division. He's definitely gonna want his own quarterback, though, so bye-bye Tannehill if that happens.
Is firing Gase really on the table for you guys this year? I mean, he hasn't had Tannehill for at least half his time there, so maybe that has something to do with it?
How is it determined which game would be moved? Just who has the better regular-season record gets priority?
Calling it. The Chiefs are gonna lose to Baltimore, only for us to lose in Miami. Because fuck you, that's why.
I'm just saying, though, that would be the biggest kick in the teeth the universe could offer on that particular Sunday (as far as football goes), so naturally the universe will go out of its way to make that happen.
So now the quarterback market is: Patriots Giants Redskins Jaguars Buccaneers Raiders Broncos And this year's supposed to suck for QBs draftwise. RIP.
Wait, what?! Why hasn't this been #MeToo'd?!
I mean, if you triple your organization's debt in nothing flat, you're clearly not a good GM.
...Where the hell have YOU been these last few years?
Denver and Washington I'll give you. Potentially, the Raiders could wait to move on from Carr until 2020 and make their guy the first Vegas Raider, but if they can draft ahead of the Giants or Jags (and they have the ammo with which to trade up for the likes of the Cardinals), they're gonna get the top guy no question, whose name escapes me for the moment. The sooner the better for the Bucs to move on from Winston. He's not playing at a level that can justify keeping a guy with a sexual assault on his record. And I personally want a QB, because I doubt Danny Etling's the future for us.
I mean, aren't the Chiefs vulnerable to the run? I believe that was how we beat them.
Why is it that all the super-talented guys have the worst injury luck? Hell, look no further than Gronk! Sports radio doesn't think he's back in 2019, but I can't FATHOM who would take him with that injury history!
The Saints don't command anything for Bridgewater. He's a free agent at the end of the year, and the trade deadline is long past.
Based on what, dare I ask? Yes, the Jets did trade him away to a team with a Hall of Fame starter, but I can't imagine a one-year prove-it deal is attractive compared to a four-year rookie deal. The Jets can build around Darnold, but they can't build around Bridgewater if he balls out and commands a huge contract.
If they do lose, they're in serious danger of missing the playoffs with the Patriots and Saints immediately afterwards.
I don't know how the process works in DC compared to the actual 50 states, but I find using federal spending to finance a stadium kind of sketchy.
So, if the Redskins were to build an identical stadium to FedEx Field, except for the District of Columbia taking over the state of Virginia's role in funding it, then it would automatically be federal funding, as opposed to the state of Virginia being federal funding. Is that basically how it works?
It's not for a lack of funds as it is a reluctance to put their own money up for the project.
Fortunately, he did, but so far the jury's out on whether Belichick cut him and put him on the practice squad to circumvent using up a roster spot for a third quarterback. What happens to the practice squad once the season ends, come to think of it? Do they all become free agents? Or are they actually on the roster since that goes up to... I believe 90?... when the new league year begins?
Not that you don't have to period, but you kind of have to if he's gone at 35.
The true Steagles legacy.
So for you, Congress is basically your state house, like we have in Massachusetts and presumably the other 49 states.
The way I understand it happening, he was accused of sexual misconduct of some sort, and he was smart enough to know he wasn't winning that and sold the team of his own volition.
See, you would think the Patriots would just fly out to Miami the day after the game before the Dolphins and use the coming week to adapt to the warm weather. But I guess the players do need a day of rest and treatment after a game, so...
I swear, if the Pats and Chiefs both lose tomorrow, I'm gonna be fucking livid. It's one thing for us to lose and them to win, but if we both lose, that's our last chance at home field gone right there.
THIS LOSS WILL BE ON YOUR HEAD, GOSTOWSKI!!!
FIRE EVERYONE INVOLVED WITH THAT ATROCITY OF A DEFENSE, BELICHICK INCLUDED!!!
GOAT or not, that play call is a fireable offense, no question! Maybe if that arrogant fuckwit Belichick would stop sniffing his own shit for five seconds, we'd have actually held on!
GOOD!!! PLEASE DO!!! I'VE HAD IT UP TO HERE WITH THAT ARROGANT PIECE OF SHIT!!!
Okay. I feel a little bit better about our loss now, since if we and Kansas City had both won out, we'd still be the #2 seed, and it ultimately doesn't matter, even more so thanks to Houston losing. Conversely, if we had both lost, that's our best opportunity all year wasted right there. If we take care of business against Pittsburgh, the Bills and Jets should go down easy, and we at least get the bye, which is pretty much what I expected anyway.
Fuck Bill Belichick! He's been sniffing his own shit ever since 28-3, and it clearly shows on this last play! His time has come and gone, he needs to be fired yesterday.
This has been Belichick's mentality ever since 28-3. He thinks he's invincible with Brady and Gronk, which is a far cry from the coach who knew damn well he wasn't even close. He bought into the hype, and it's cost us MULTIPLE GAMES, chief among them a FUCKING SUPER BOWL!!!
No /s! I'm dead serious about this!
And the Miami Miracle only happened because our defense has either no belief in tackling people or no ability to tackle people. But that's just how the Patriots defense IS, though! Free touchdowns, no effort! Especially now that Patricia's gone and it's down to that arrogant gasbag Belichick to call plays on defense. God, that guy can't get fired soon enough...
Exactly! You will NEVER convince me that Butler wasn't good for at least one stop, which would take a score off the board and actually make it winnable for them. But no, it's been all about Brady since 28-3, a MASSIVE departure from the cogs in the machine mentality he's had ever since he's been here. He abandoned LITERALLY EVERYTHING that made the Patriots elite last year - fuck, he even tried to trade Gronk! - and it fucking shows this year!
Okay, at this point, I am confident in saying that someone gives Belichick a few grams' worth of blow every time he comes down to Miami and he snorts it all an hour before game time! Getting shredded by Jay Cutler?! That abomination of a final play today?! You can't tell me he isn't on SOMETHING every time he visits the Dolphins!
Ooof. Did Ben get hurt?
Not if it costs us games and potential playoff seeding!
So saying that Belichick isn't above criticism means I'm not a true Pats fan? I'm a guy who cares about the team, as opposed to you, a more than likely bandwagoner.
Thank God, I needed this catharsis today.
You still got us and the Saints to worry about. You guys may be boned.
Didn't he score your last touchdown?
Apparently, we were expecting a totally different play (namely, a Hail Mary). Still doesn't excuse them not even bothering to tackle anybody, though.
Me neither. At least I have this to console me.
Did Mason Rudolph get any time, then?
Well, Ben or no, you can't excuse losing to a team like the Raiders. At least we can soothe our loss with the fact that it's a division game in a historically tough place for us to play (seriously, if this was any other opponent, they definitely would've gone with the Hail Mary.).
Any word on Lamar Jackson's injury so far?
Man, it sucks to think we have to have the Chiefs lose two out of their last three for home field. These are losable games for them, given no Watkins and a hurt Hill, but I doubt they lose both of them. I mean, I know there are teams that would kill to be 12-4, but 12-4 just doesn't cut it in the modern NFL.
Given the way the Steelers play down to their competition, I honestly think that one could go either way.
The reasonable thing to do was go for the end zone on 3rd and goal, and if you're forced to kick the field goal then, so be it, at least you tried to put it out of reach. Belichick settled for trusting an untrustworthy defense that contributed to eight lead changes before that final play! You would think he'd know to go for the fucking throat at that point! You're telling me between Gronk, Edelman, and Gordon, one of those guys couldn't have hauled it in?! BULL FUCKING SHIT!!!
Wasn't Trubisky's Hail Mary 70-something yards? Either way, all I can think of was that Belichick thought the Dolphins were more desperate than they actually were.
Dude. He's been overly reliant on Brady since 28-3. What do you think will happen if he gets his hands on Rodgers?
I doubt the Bengals are tanking so much as Mike Brown is THE worst owner in sports.
And the only games they've lost are the juggernaut from the division they were scheduled to play anyway, and a team that has no business whatsoever being on a last-place schedule with them.
FUCK no! Deadpool is too good for Hee Hee Jackson!
Trust me, he'd find ways to lose with Dalton. Hell, give him the '07 Patriots and he'll go winless.
You seriously think Mike Brown didn't sign off on this?
The way you make it sound, I'd think you were anticipating a move to St. Louis or something.
I don't quite see how the skull ties in to Vegas. Maybe if it was on a silver coin, to tie it into Nevada being the Silver State?
Did you play around with the idea of the shield being an upside-down spade at all?
Shoulda shared with the 49ers...
As sucky as that would be for Arizona, it's literally their best option if the City of Glendale doesn't want them there.
Aren't the Coyotes essentially being kicked out too?
How much time do the Coyotes have, and what are their options? Also, assuming they do move, would that open up Glendale as a potential AHL market for the Golden Knights or something?
The Washington Brownskins of Cleveland. Something tells me "Brownskins" would be even worse than "Redskins," but let's not get into that, shall we?
Oh God, the Redskins may legitimately get Tua in 2020! #PrayForTua
And where will they play while said arena is being built if Glendale wants nothing to do with the team?
And this assclown's the heir apparent to Belichick?! Jesus fuck, you're telling me we've got a decade of 1st overall picks to look forward to?!
Brah. We're likely to go 12-4, and this is STILL a down year for us! Between the Edelman suspension, Gronk being injured, and playing coaches who know Belichick's style in Patricia and Vrabel, I'm legit scared that we're wasting Brady's final year. Also, there seems to be very little confidence in McDaniels, which is frightening to me if he's taking over once Belichick retires (and he will after that stunt he pulled with the Colts)!
Not happening. Steeler salt is half the joy of our season at this point.
So what happens if Hee Hee goes 0-16 with the Bengals next year?
I mean, at least the Raiders did right by Mack, even though it arguably turned them into the worst team in the league (again). And in the end, James Connor going down ultimately vindicated Bell's holdout. That could have been him, and there would be uncomfortable questions about his health in free agency, plus two franchise tags in a row doesn't make a guy wanna play for you. Just ask Kirk Cousins!
Okay, now the Miami Miracle pisses me off even more because now we actually need the Chiefs to lose in Seattle. Which is quite possible, except there's no way they'll lose twice in a row. On top of that, the Chargers now need to lose for us to get home field. The good news is I like our chances better in Carson than I do at Arrowhead.
I know it's only been two games, one of which being a Thursday game, but does it feel like the offensive output without Kareem Hunt isn't what it was with him? I'm just worried how Russell Wilson would fare in a shootout with Mahomes.
Didn't stop the Sonics when they became the Thunder, though.
Yeah, it's not like there's a racist recording of him out there somewhere. Arizona could lose two teams in short order here.
My team's very likely to get a first-round bye, but seeing him get a ring would NEVER hurt my feelings.
Is it possible that an arena deal gets done if Sarvar just buys the Coyotes outright? Like, if they and the Suns were guaranteed to share an arena under one owner, then the city of Phoenix/state of Arizona (whichever one is in charge of approving funding) would be more inclined to put up more money?
Seriously?! How did they get so much damn debt?!
Didn't they come close to beating the Rams, though? I remember Pete Carroll making a questionable call that all but gave them the game.
God, can you imagine an all-LA Super Bowl?
How does one forget Delaware, the first state in the Union?!
Yeesh. And I thought I overreacted at the Miami Miracle.
Hey, at least he got a win against Pittsburgh, so he could retire happy if he had to. EDIT: So I just remembered that he had been traded once more FROM Oakland, so he had no part in that Steelers game. Where did he end up again? Bears?
I'm starting to see why the Browns are still allowed in the league. Browns football is the purest comedy. #ClownShow #Can'tStopLaughing
At least it balances out the missed delay of game? Thanos Joseph, Broncos head coach.
This is a big mistake, Vance!
That's a strange way of saying Grey's Anatomy.
And the award for Best Comedy goes to... THE CLEVELAND BROWNS!!! #FoldEmFoldEmFoldEm
Only way I see Williams losing the interim tag is if the team doesn't land an offense-minded coach. That said, I can see them riding Kitchens as OC as long as they can, for continuity's sake if nothing else, and Gregg's son seems to be doing fine with the defense, even if he's just there to help avert the pitfalls of being coach/coordinator.
It's always hilarious to see the Browns clinging to whatever false hope is in front of them, desperately wanting to believe that Jimmy Haslam won't blow it up yet again once he realizes a winning Browns team will trigger his deathly talent allergy. As long as that remains fact, the Browns will have no relevance outside of the NFL's comic relief. #FoldTheBrowns
Jesus FUCK, can the Patsies NOT shoot themselves in the foot with dumbshit penalties FOR FUCKING ONCE?!?!?
Yup. YUP! Classic Patriots defense! Free touchdowns, no effort! I can already tell Pittsburgh's not gonna punt all fucking game.
I believe the actual rule is that teams can only have one design for the helmet. It's why we can't wear our throwbacks.
THANK YOU, HOGAN!!!
Like I said! Pittsburgh's punter might as we have not dressed today!
Trust me. The feeling will be mutual against the Chargers.
Well, all right, then! Glad to be wrong about teams not having to punt against us!
STOP FUCKING HOLDING PEOPLE YOU USELESS FUCKING PATSIES!!! EDIT: Never mind, thought we had the ball. It's frightening that I immediately assume all holding is on the Patriots.
No, I mean, we can't wear the white helmets because we already wear the silver helmets.
JONATHAN JONES YOU FUCKING CUMSHIT!!!
Holding on the Patriots because OF FUCKING COURSE THEY DON'T KNOW ANY OTHER WAY TO DEFEND!!!
You know, the Patriots get called on an awful lot of penalties for what is allegedly THE LEAST PENALIZED TEAM IN THE NFL!!!
FUCKING CHRIST, ANOTHER GODDAMN HOLDING CALL?!?!?
I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ENABLING THIS TEAM TO HOLD THE WAY THEY DO!!! HE IS COSTING US YARDS, HE IS COSTING US POINTS, HE IS COSTING US GAMES!!! FUCKING FIRE HIM!!!
Have you SEEN our games?!?!? BULL!!! FUCKING!!! SHIT!!!
Wow. Way to waste a true special teams beauty, fuckwads.
THERE WE FUCKING GO!!! Too bad it's essentially a touchback in terms of yardage.
Aaaaand another turnover wasted because it's the Patriots. Super.
Seriously, it's fucking SAD I can't get excited about turnovers with this team anymore. It's basically automatic that they'll fucking waste 'em like some Pop Warner scrubs!
CAN THIS TEAM FUCKING TACKLE SOMEONE?!?!?
We had BETTER score a touchdown before the half!
He should be fired, but he won't because he's buddy-buddy with the GOAT. What a fucking joke.
I quit! I fucking quit! Bring on the Wild Card Round blowout! It's everything this team deserves!
I'm mad that we're struggling this much against a team that LOST TO THE FUCKING RAIDERS!!!
If we lose this game, then Josh McDaniels needs to be FIRED!!! There was a good reason for every other loss this year, but everyone's healthy this go-around! What's your excuse then, Josh?! WHAT'S YOUR FUCKING EXCUSE THEN?!?!?!
You expect the fucking Patsies to have their shit together? You sweet summer child.
Really? 'Cause he's pissing that all away today.
I don't know why I even BOTHER to entertain the thought of this team tackling anybody!
Great. All you did was give them more room, dumbfuck.
Will the Patriots capitalize on this? Of course not, it's the Patriots!
GREAT!!! Now you got two first downs rolled into one! Fucking BRILLIANT!!!
Field goal. Of course! Does this team even UNDERSTAND the concept of urgency?!?!?
No you don't. Not with our dogshit offense.
AGAIN WITH THE FUCKING HOLDING!!!
FUCKING WHY?!?!?
Fuck it. We all know how this will end.
I am DONE WITH THIS TEAM!!! Seriously, they might as well get gangraped by the Bills and Jets at this point!
This may work out fine for us! Lamar Jackson is a rookie, and Bill o'Brien has never beaten the Patriots! Plus, we can exploit the Chiefs' weak run defense. Obviously, the Saints or the Rams would totally assblast us, but even so!
You realize this is a team that COULDN'T BEAT THE RAIDERS, RIGHT?!?!? HOW DO YOU JUSTIFY MCDANIELS KEEPING HIS JOB AFTER THIS ABORTION OF A GAME?!?!?
This is exactly who the Patriots are, though! They beat the teams that have no real chance, only to fall apart in the face of actual competition! FUCKING FRAUDS, EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM!!!
My confidence in this team is at an all-time low. It's to the point where I doubt they can beat the Bills or the Jets! If they lose out, I want a full scorched earth rebuild! Fire McDaniels, fire Belichick, cut Brady, get whatever draft picks you can out of LITERALLY EVERYONE OF VALUE! Tank For Tua, baby!
If only this team believed in tackling! If only this team understood holding is bad! If only Belichick wasn't an arrogant fucking gasbag! Then maybe this team would actually be WORTH something!
And WHY were they getting outplayed?!? Because they saw that the FUCKING RAIDERS beat them and decided they didn't even need to BOTHER preparing! And that's on Belichick and his INFINITE FUCKING ARROGANCE!!!
Patriots before Josh Gordon: #1 seed, Brady wins MVP, Super Bowl runner-up Patriots after Josh Gordon: #3 seed, Brady earns none of his incentives, likely one-and-done in the playoffs Moral of the story: Never trade for an addict.
Theory? THEORY?!?!? IT'S FUCKING FACT AFTER TODAY'S SHITSHOW!!!
And WHAT do they do with it?!?! FUCKING WASTE IT BECAUSE IT'S THE FUCKING PATRIOTS!!!
There is no justification for a loss like this. NONE!!! Bill Belichick and Josh McDaniels saw a team that couldn't close it out against the UNASHAMEDLY TANKING RAIDERS, and they decided it was acceptable to prepare as if they were facing the Jets. This is PRECISELY the kind of half-assed, didn't-even-bother-to-try performance that would get most coaches and coordinators FIRED. And they SHOULD be fired for this, McDaniels and Belichick both! Unfortunately, Belichick has won five Super Bowls with the team, and McDaniels is regrettably too chummy with Brady to be in any real danger, and the cold, hard, truth of "what have you done for me lately?" never seems to prevail over "what did you do for me in days gone by?".
Gee, that's a darn purty special teams play, Bill. Ever think about putting that much effort into COACHING THE OFFENSE TO NOT HOLD EVERY OTHER PLAY? No? Then how about COACHING THE DEFENSE TO ACTUALLY FUCKING TACKLE SOMEONE?!? No? Those concepts not registering with you, Bill? Fucking arrogant piece of shit...
Don't worry, we totally wasted it, just like every other opportunity that falls into our lap.
Sweet Jesus, are the Eagles actually better with Foles than with Wentz?
I dunno, I've heard Wentz hasn't been the same since his injury.
That's... encouraging, if nothing else.
My take as a Patriots fan (and thus someone familiar with the AFC East as a whole): Sean McDermott definitely needs to go. He could very well have doomed the Bills last year with that boneheaded call to start Peterman against the Chargers (hell, the only reason he didn't is the Bengals). I don't care how mediocre Tyrod Taylor was up to that point, you were on the fast track to a wildcard, which is VERY precious to a team in the same division as the Patriots, doubly, if not TRIPLY so when you have the league's longest playoff drought! And not only did you throw our rookie backup into the fire for no good reason, you named him the starting quarterback despite his last game resulting in FIVE INTERCEPTIONS?!?!? FUCKING NO!!! I can't think of any argument against Adam Gase that doesn't ignore Tannehill missing several games due to injury. He tore his ACL in '16 when the Dolphins made it on a wildcard, I believe two or three games before the season ended? He had a setback in '17, forcing the Dolphins to sign and start Jay Cutler, debatedly the most toxic quarterback in the league, dating back to at least since the Texans joined, and there were a few games where Brock Osweiler started. BROCK OSWEILER!!! What was Gase supposed to do?! I was a Bowles truther before the start of the season. First year, he got 10-6 out of Josh McCown, second year, the Jets were the the definition of a toxic locker room, third year, he gets way more than anyone ever expected out of a team that was supposed to be tanking, only undone by having to start Petty/Hackenburg due to MCown getting hurt. Could definitely have gotten 7-9. But Sam Darnold's not improving the team right away like Baker Mayfield is doing for the Browns, and if that's due to coaching like it was with Hee Hee, then it's definitely time for a change.
Also, I doubt he had a chance to see White with the incoming pressure. The human brain can only register so much at once.
What did Houston trade for Thomas again? Because that fifth-rounder we WASTED on Gordon could very well have gone towards landing him!
Fuck, it begins! This is the result of your little offseason temper tantrum, Bill, you arrogant little fuckwit! You were forced to trade Garoppolo, so you got rid of every receiver worth a damn, even trying to ship Gronk out of town! We could very well miss the playoffs because of you and your infinite arrogance, just as we lost the Super Bowl because of it! Seriously, HOW did you think bringing in Hash Gordon was in ANY UNIVERSE a sane football move?!?!?
Remember when the AFC South was the joke of the league that the Colts basically won by default?
No one ever said Gronk was THE greatest TE of all time. With his injury history, it's all but FACT he isn't!
Andy Dalton. It's a disservice to the league that he has had to waste away with the Bengals, specifically Marvin Lewis, not to mention guys like Pacman Jones and Vontaze Burfict always undermining the team when it counts. In fact, if Hee Hee Jackson ends up the next Bengals coach, then Dalton needs to fucking DEMAND a trade out of Cincinnati, because he does not DESERVE to have to play for a coach who went 1-31!
Romo didn't have success like Eli because he kept getting fucking hurt all the time!
It's scary to think that it took until Week 16 for this to happen. I mean, they do have a severely talent-allergic owner to think about here. Playoffs could damn well kill him.
I mean, if the Ravens don't make it, the Steelers will, so... pick your poison. Me? I'm just a little bit salty, but hey, either or.
Okay. WHAT was that 2-point conversion at the end?! Only thing I can think of is that Harbaugh took the opportunity to run a drill on 2-point tries for the playoffs?
Can confirm. All our losses have been road games.
Really? That wouldn't happen to be part of the whole Browns/Ravens deal, would it?
They were only going to get the ball once! All Baltimore needed to do was run out the clock!
...I hope...?
Hee hee!
I guarantee you Andy Dalton would have a ring by now if he had played LITERALLY ANYWHERE ELSE!!! Anywhere but the Browns, mind you. Gotta keep the hyperbole at least SOME measure of reasonable.
Cry me a goddamn river. Thirty-one other franchises have to play the refs every week.
...Are you fucking serious? So you're telling me that basically, had it not been for that godforsaken Miami Miracle... we might very well have been on the fast track to home field advantage throughout the playoffs with this game here tonight?! This is why Belichick deserves to be FIRED!!! His infinite ARROGANCE has directly contributed to at least three of our losses this year! He didn't adjust against Patricia, he didn't adjust against Vrabel, and he had ZERO ability to fathom that someone WOULDN'T try for a Hail Mary to win the game! This man's hubris will DESTROY the Patriots without question or concern for the damage he leaves in his wake!
Not with Belichick and his infinite arrogance, we won't!
Please lose. Nothing personal, I just don't want the Steelers making it.
Thanks, Bill! Way to cost us home field with your infinite arrogance, you fucking gasbag!
Not even remotely gonna happen!
Not possible under Belichick and his infinite arrogance.
That depends on his ability to stay healthy. Personally, I have no confidence he can stay on the field long enough to make a difference.
The scary thing is, that can easily happen with how hyperpatriotic the NFL is. EDIT: I don't mean scary as in a bad thing. I mean it as in how easily and quickly this could happen.
Well... small comfort in this trying time.
Pretty much. Belichick's arrogance is at least 120% that of everyone in the Steelers organization put together.
Colts, hands down. Belichick has faced a former assistant and a former player for the first time each, and he has shown neither the ability nor the inclination to adapt his thinking to either of them as coaches. The sooner you accept that this fuckwit's arrogance is killing the Patriots, the happier you'll be.
You really think the Chiefs and Chargers are both gonna lose to the Raiders and Broncos?
I believe that's the joke.
Yeah, but we have to remember that a lot of that was Ryan Fitzpatrick's doing. Plus, Winston's not exactly playing at a level that justifies his off-field... antics, for want of a better word.
Nick Foles, potentially? The Eagles can't keep him AND Wentz, just like we couldn't keep Brady AND Garoppolo. I'm banking on the Bucs being in on that sweepstakes.
Depends. Are they still the Browns? Yes? Then it's obvious as water being wet that's precisely what they'll do. This team is dangerously close to the playoffs, and the Haslams have a severe talent allergy to think about. #FoldTheBrowns
I don't doubt there's a GoFundMe campaign to make enough money to buy the Redskins from Snyder as we speak.
If this somehow leads us to the Super Bowl, then I am DONE trying to understand this team.
Trust me, He abandoned it around 2016.
Andy Reid does have a knack for choking in the big moments. Remember, it was his Chiefs that blew a 28-point lead against the Colts. Not to mention losing to a team that beat you without scoring a single touchdown. Actually, legit question: If the Chiefs win the Super Bowl this year, does the blame for Kansas City's failures in the playoffs shift from Reid to Alex Smith?
HA!!! You know your team's a dumpster fire when your QUARTERBACK is getting fined for unsportsmanlike conduct! #FoldTheBrowns
Yeah, I honestly can't recall that many instances of Edelman and unsportsmanlike conduct.
I thought something was up when I saw that score! What exactly happened?!
You would think the Steelers would've scored at least SOMEHOW in the 1st quarter.
Did he dislocate BOTH elbows?! Holy fuck, I would not wish that on my worst enemy!
Why "damn?" I'd rather see the Ravens make it.
You say that, and yet we actually LOST against the Steelers. That, and I trust Belichick's record against rookie QBs.
Can interim coaches be fired when they're temporary to begin with, though?
I mean, let's be real here, Hee Hee's the only coach he'd step back for.
Is this a radio broadcast?
You really thought Haslam was gonna allow a winning season? That'd trigger his talent allergy like nobody's business! He'd be lucky to avoid the emergency room! #FoldTheBrowns
No, by all means, keep him!
You mean playoff Flacco, who is mercifully not a factor this time around.
That FUCKING MIAMI MIRACLE!!! The worst part is that that arrogant fuckwit Belichick will learn LITERALLY NOTHING from that debacle! In fact, I'm gonna call it right here: he'll blow the fucking Divisional Round the SAME FUCKING WAY!!!
Don't worry, our arrogant gasbag coach gifted you home field when he was in Miami.
I mean, was that the only game you guys actually PREPARED for or something?!?
Do it, fucker! Ruin the last team in the AFC East other than the Patriots!
No way in Hell he comes to New England after all his bluster about "kissing Bill's rings" and such. Though I will admit I have a morbid curiosity as to how he'd fare as a DC under Belichick. I tell ya, they could work some defensive magic together. Key word: COULD.
7.8/10 too many foot puns
JUST!!! DO IT!!!
So, the anti-Patriots, then.
Is he not the same guy that thinks Lamar Jackson (read: any black quarterback ever) should be a wide receiver instead of a quarterback?
In that case, Hee Hee will only be coach one year. The Browns have no business not sweeping his sorry ass.
Well then, why didn't the genius just move the Bengals to Cleveland? No one would've missed them, given how godawful they were in the '90s.
No, I initially took Hielitos as a name Dabi called himself, meaning the ice guy could potentially be Touya, and my edit was me remembering a scene I had forgotten about when I posted my comment.
So Kitchens is perfectly content with a potential locker room cancer forming. Yep. Jimmy picked the PERFECT guy to coddle his talent allergy! #FoldTheBrowns
There was a time when country music was deeper. When it had meaning, emotion, heart. This is not that time.
Except now I’m hearing Douglas is taking the offer, which would mean the Texans fired their GM for nothing!
Step 1: Sign Johnny Manziel. Step 2: Trade him to the Texans for Deshaun Watson. Step 3: ??? Step 4: Profit.
I thought the Rooney Rule was just for head coaches?
Doesn’t stop the word choice from being naturally piss-poor.
Hopefully lightning strikes twice when Brady inevitably falls off the cliff.
Andy Dalton would have won a Super Bowl by now had Marvin Lewis not been the Bengals’ coach at any point in the last 16 years! How is a Patriots fan biased about this? I just think Dalton got screwed, is all.
No bias here. Wentz can’t stay healthy, which makes me scared for the Eagles now that they’ve paid him.
I dunno, man. Eli’s always struck me as a better leader than Big Ben. Plus... *cringe* he’s had more success against New England.
Not biased. Hell, I’d label him as the only young QB in the league to challenge Brady for GOAT status.
With my luck I’d eat my words either way.
Keep in mind he’s had to engineer two 14-point comebacks against one team. Dude knows comebacks, I’m sorry.
Not even gonna ask if I’m biased on this one. The pass call at the end of the Seahawks-Patriots Super Bowl wasn’t a terrible call on the grounds of wanting to catch us with our pants down on a conventionally obvious run situation, plus burning a few more seconds to further screw any comeback attempts. We just happened to benefit from having a former Seahawk on our side.
I just want to know how he can even FUNCTION in that Florida heat with that thing!
I mean, hell, they’re not gonna say no to another high draft pick, especially if Jones can spend the year learning.
Can someone explain to me why this would be tampering? Like, why couldn’t Houston just interview and hire Caserio like any other job?
Ah. Is this like hiring head coaches at all?
Wait, was Easterby with the Patriots in 2018?
Was Easteby with us in 2018?
How? Isn't it on the agent to keep his clients' cases separate from each other?
Take your upvote and get out of my sight!
Is this just a routine procedure for him? I know he played in the Super Bowl.
Since we’re talking about QB SITUATION, I can honestly say no. Brady’s turning 42, Hoyer is Hoyer, Etling didn’t make the 53-man roster last year, and Stidham could be anywhere from the next GOAT to Nathan Peterman. We’re in for a storm here in Foxborough.
Injury or just plain incompetence?
...and WHAT sense does that make? Garoppolo is FAR better than Cousins except for injuries.
Yup. Back to the normalcy of playing down to teams. Let’s see how that works out without Bell and Brown picking up your slack.
So THAT’S why LeBron traded for AD!
I mean, Garoppolo can carry a team! The 49ers were well on their way to 0-16 before he started for them, and when he did, they won their last six! Don’t get me wrong, the Redskins fucked up by letting him walk for Alex Smith, Haskins fell into their lap ‘cause Gettleman, but Cousins is good for .500 ball at best.
Stafford. I don’t care if Murray becomes the GOAT, an expansion franchise WILL suck eggs either way. Therefore, my number one priority is to establish a locker room culture with an experienced veteran QB, and worry about the franchise guy whenever the vet’s contract is up.
See, I at least have no problem with the Warriors landing KD on these grounds: they won a title with the core they drafted themselves, so they had earned the right to sign whoever the hell they wanted. KD deciding to join the Warriors, however, is a whole other animal. Kawhi to the Lakers, however? Doesn’t even get that. What all have the Lakers done since Kobe left? Hell, since SHAQ left?! NOTHING!!! They earned no right to Kawhi, or even to LeBron, yet somehow the Lakers are the glamor team despite the smart money currently being on the Clippers if SoCal is a must!
It bears repeating, folks: if the Patriots are a Pokemon, they’re Regigigas, hands down! They start off slow, and when the five turns are up, they can and will wreck your fucking face in!
The way I look at it, any Super Bowl-winning team needs the whole damn Triforce to do it. Coaching is wisdom, defense is courage, and offense is power. If even one of those is missing, you don’t get a wish on the Golden Power. Period!
Wait a minute, Bledsoe started for you guys once upon a time?! He had to have been a free agent after 2002, no way in hell Belichick traded him inside the division!
You can tell this is a load of shit simply because it’s Joe Namath.
Honestly, I’d LOVE seeing Brady in the booth! I wanna see his reactions to all the big plays and all the fuckups about to unfold!
Everyone hates us...
I mean, Namath ran a nightclub while playing in the NFL. Any idiot could’ve told him how that would end in the late 60s/early 70s.
You can’t claim to be right if you keep moving the goalposts every time you’re wrong.
Totally fucking inexcuseable! The Blew-Its likely just wasted their last chance with this core! It’s just fucking NAUSEATING how uninspired this team is! What a fucking punchline!
I mean, I have more faith in Darnold than Allen, but I have no faith whatsoever in Gase.
Surely there's got to be SOMEONE willing to waste $2 billion on the Browns! If not in Cleveland, then perhaps St. Louis?
Hence the Haslam hard-on for him. Talent and competence in the Factory of Sadness? Blasphemy of the highest order! #FoldTheBrowns
I had to fully unlock both Clay AND Hapu just to get the required strength for Solgaleo Round 4, and even then, I was useless next to the Cynthias my teammates had brought. But the important thing is, I beat the stage, got my 300 gems, and I'm like, "Now I'm gonna pull Cynthia now that I don't need her anymore." And I did. Gacha luck is a strange, terrifying beast.
Fair enough, but that doesn’t mean you punish Dorsey for Kitchens’s incompetence!
Thank you for having the courage to admit that Bill Belichick is a fraudulent gasbag who’s been riding Tom Brady to an undeserved GOAT reputation for close to 20 years.
Wait, what?! I wasn’t aware the Redskins released him!
Wasn’t he hurt for a couple games? I mean, hell, 21/6 is not by any means horrible for a guy who wasn’t supposed to be the starter until basically Week 1.
I wonder if that's just supposed to be him in the middle of snapping his fingers. Also, I wanted to double-check the third hero Sync Move background, since I didn't think it matched what we have for Solgaleo, but the datamine link is busted (dunno if it just expired or whatever). Any chance I could get a new link to it, or if at all possible, the most recent datamine as of 1.5?
He’s STILL not officially gone yet?!?!? Fucking hell, Jerry, grow some damn balls and tweet it out already!
Well then, find a coach that favors play action!
I like to think that Red retreated to Mt. Silver because he won so much and so often that he just got damn tired of it and figured his best chance at a good match was from anyone strong enough to be allowed to go to Mt. Silver, which ended up, as far as Masters is concerned, backfiring tremendously, to the tune of losing to Ethan, Kris, and Lyra consecutively, not necessarily in that order, and his first real losing streak.
I say make the Ultra Beasts into alts for certain Alola characters. Like, Lusamine gets Nihilego, Hala and Guzma get Buzzwole and Pheromosa, Elio and Selene get Poipole and Stakataka (in their USUM designs), Nanu gets Guzzlord, and the remaining four are divided among the Ultra Recon Squad.
I think OP just means that Aggron has a big Attack stat. Its type, Sp. Def, and Speed all conspire to have it not be the behemoth it could be.
Can I get a source on that? That seems like the kind of thing people would be interested in seeing.
It's really a shame they never appeared in more commercials together. Imagine that one Papa John's commercial where Peyton's throwing the party and the Colts and Broncos mascots are there and he awkwardly introduces them, but with Brady there going "Horsefight!" like someone would go "Catfight!", J.J. Watt is looking at him like, "What is WRONG with you?", and Peyton just stares at the camera with that "fuck my life" look on his face.
Good God, we could potentially be living in a time where the Bills make it further in the playoffs than the Patriots. The worst part is, I find that tolerable compared to the idea of it being the Jets or Dolphins. Aside from being the division rival I hate the least, everything I know about Bills Mafia tells me they deserve all their success this year. Plus, it's far more tolerable to me than the Chiefs or Ravens making it out of the AFC, because the fact we won both times against them means we were at least good enough to beat a Super Bowl team this year. And now that I've said that, we're probably going to have a Bills-Patriots title game, and I'll have to swallow everything I just said.
I'm sorry I can give credit where it's due.
I would hope I'm good at swallowing things, otherwise I couldn't live. (I'm assuming this was a blowjob joke, by the way.)
Roxie, Marshal, and Brendan. Technically Lyra too, but she wasn’t a launch Sync Pair, so I’m not counting her. Other than them and Lance, I have everyone else for now (he says as if he has a damn chance of pulling Leaf or Ethan).
Arrrgh, I FEEL that, man! I don’t care if I never pull a new Sync Pair again if I could only pull fucking Brendan!
Well, I'm fully expecting us to lose our game, so now I have no reason to feel bad on this one.
I dunno... maybe a Nationwide commercial where Peyton and Brady are having lunch together, and they hear some kid say "12 is greater than 18." to the Nationwide jingle, Peyton tries to correct him by counting by sixes, Brady says the kid's at least half-right, and Peyton just glares at him as he gets the double meaning.
Alright. If Brady does retire after this season, he NEEDS to join Peyton on this show full-time. It's so good!
And then Leaf and Ethan drop.
Now and forever, I will always, ALWAYS blame the signing of Antonio Brown for the gong show the 2019 season has become! Blowhard Bill Belichick has forever lost all right to preach of blocking out distractions, considering he himself thought it a brilliant fucking idea to bring in THE LITERAL PERSONIFICATION OF THE CONCEPT OF DISTRACTIONS!!! You would think a galaxy-brained individual such as Belichick would know that Gronk just retired, Watson was suspended four games, and receivers are a premium, especially considering the risk involved in bringing in Brown. Nope! Trade Demariyus Thomas to the Jets, of all teams! And by the way, it’s never a good idea to repeat the stunts that caused a scandal the first time around! “bUt I’m BiLl BeLiChIcK!” Fuck off with that shit! Do you want to know the moment I knew the fuckwit in the hoodie had irreversibly screwed this team over for good?! I knew it plain as day when I read that we had signed Cody Kessler! CODY FUCKING KESSLER!!! We were SO STRAPPED FOR CAP THAT WE HAD TO FILL A ROSTER SPOT ON BRINGING IN A FORMER CLEVELAND BROWNS QUARTERBACK TO BE OUR THIRD STRINGER UNTIL WATSON’S SUSPENSION WAS OVER!!! That was about $15 million in cap space that was doomed to go to waste, and somehow, THE ALLEGED GOAT OF NFL HEAD COACHES WAS THE ONLY PERSON IN THE WORLD WHO THOUGHT HE’D LAST THE WHOLE SEASON!!! You can’t POSSIBLY convince me that was money better spent on trading for Emmanuel Sanders! I mean, Edelman, Sanders, AND Sanu all catching passes from Tom Brady?!?!? This is all grounds for immediate firing for any other coach - in fact, I’d just be happy with him losing GM powers going forward, but even THAT kind of accountability is a mere pipe dream! But I don’t want him gone JUST yet. First, I want to see him without a winning season in the Jarrett Stidham era, and thus finally exposing him for the arrogant fraud he truly is - it’s no coincidence he’s had zero winning seasons before happening on Tom Brady. Hell, I don’t even think he cracked .500 with Super Bowl quarterback and #1 overall pick Drew Bledsoe! I want to see the pundits asking themselves, “Were we wrong about Bill Belichick the whole time?” “Has Brady ALWAYS carried Belichick?” “Was Bill Belichick NOT the GOAT?” And in my heart of hearts, I will know that the answer, now and forever, has been “Yes.”
Yet another glaring example of Blowhard Bill’s infinite arrogance! Fire the fuckwit already!
Translation: Dan Snyder is taking control of the draft yet again, and will probably draft a guy in the first round who would otherwise end up Mr. Irrelevant.
Yeah, we need an actual Scout Card or something like that. It shouldn't be restricted to 400 points per banner, but 400 points overall. That's not how rewards programs work! I mean, I get that it's a means to make money, but 400 points is currently 133 scouts, and banner or not, the incentive to spend $130 or so is still there just because people sometimes get desperate for a certain Sync Pair they have yet to pull. Hell, things would be going SO much better for me if I could somehow pull Brendan, or at least Lyra!
I’m kind of hoping that that pick-six was the slap in the face Stidham needed to realize he had no future in this league if he didn’t improve DRASTICALLY. Still, they do need to draft a quarterback of SOME sort. Anyone we could realistically leapfrog in the first round?
Jerruh gonna Jerruh...
Aw, man, ScooterMagruder would BEG for the Clapper back if that happened!
The good news is that when Diantha finally drops, Gardevoir’s likely going to be Fairy-type. Not to mention one or both of Lillie and Lusamine (depending on whether they go Clefairy and Clefable).
Yellow, red, and silver icons aren’t enough for you?
I only realized you meant for Co-Op purposes after I posted this. My bad. Though now that I think about it, the game has unused data for three more versions each of both PC’s outfits, so you’d think it’d make sense to allot the default to Pikachu and use the recolors for Torchic and Solgaleo.
And we drafted N’keal Harry in the first! Dammit, Bill, this ineptitude with receivers is why our season went to shit!
Go where the team freaking wants you, Tom! Don’t just hang around where sone fuckwit in a hoodie is actively working to sabotage you!
Only other team I can think of is the Chargers, but I doubt they drop Rivers just to sign someone older than him.
Neat! I doubt Super Bowl pins are worth all that much, but I’d say talk to a memorabilia collector.
You joke, but I honestly think the Dolphins have the best chance of landing Brady, if not the Patriots. Brian Flores is the head coach there, so that’s the most Patriots familiarity he’s ever gonna have on the open market, plus insurance if Tua’s hip is worse than expected. Also, I imagine the city of Miami would appeal greatly to Giselle. The Chargers might also be an option if Rivers is gone in 2020. Ideal place to expand TB12 and take it nationwide once he’s done playing, and let’s be real, having the GOAT playing for them would attract people to Chargers games beyond question - in fact, it’d probably be Spano’s best chance to grow an LA fanbase short of drafting the next GOAT and the Rams falling to shit.
That’d be Cowboys or Falcons, right? What kind of deal would it take to move up to there?
Honestly, Brady could probably work out there, if only to mediate between Baker and McDaniels until they kearn to trust each other.
I mean, even 2 years of Brady is insanely valuable to the likes of the Dolphins and Chargers. Tua’s hip is no certainty, and I’m positive fans will come to Chargers games just to see the GOAT play. Either way, all a team has to do is offer him 2 years, and we’re up shit creek without a paddle.
Didn’t Ryan Pace say they were sticking with Trubisky for now?
Speaking of the Bengals, did Zac Taylor end up fired? I imagine job security isn't much of a thing for a coach who (short of tanking) earned his team the first overall pick.
Nice to see someone else wouldn’t mind Leaf and Green being separate characters. Only thing is, Kotobukiya seems to be pushing Professor Oak with Bulbasaur. Though I wouldn’t mind him having, I dunno, Exeggutor or something. You’d think Ishihara’s favorite Pokemon gets in somewhere, so why not with the original Professor himself?
Only way I see May and Mudkip being a thing is if she stars in a Rayquaza Legendary event and Zinnia comments that she and Brendan must be from different universes, and I don't think they're willing to put that kind of squick into one of the series' most popular ships. Remember that Brendan is Norman's kid as far as Masters is concerned.
Honestly, I'd bet on Olympia for female Meowstic and Malamar for Emma.
Everyone's saying N or Steven or Red, and meanwhile I'm just eagerly anticipating what they do with Nate. He'll probably be used to introduce the concept of Trainers sharing a particular kind of Pokemon.
Oh, we're getting thrown out, all right. Hell, the main reason I want Belichick gone is because I'm afraid he's finally bought into his own hype after all these years.
Someone on here said it best the other day (paraphrasing here): Brady is a top 10 quarterback without Belichick, and Belichick is a top 10 coach without Brady. And yet, because they came together, they've somehow become a 6-ring monstrosity.
People don't call unintelligent guys "The IBM," dude.
NGL, l I kinda want the Patriots to target Bridgewater. Worst-case scenario, Brady stays and sucks in 2020, and we know what Bridgewater is capable of in Sean Payton's hands (undefeated as the Saints starter, I believe), so imagine him with the Patriots and Bill Belichick (when he's not giving in to his own arrogance, anyway).
How long had he been the receivers coach? May well explain how we so epically shit the bed this year. Ah well, I'd like to think it was this or be the Hoodie Fuckwit's scapegoat.
I mean, Belichick preaches special teams more than any other phase of the game, so he'd better have some damn good fundamentals on him!
On one hand, his work with the WRs may have wasted our last shot with Brady. On the other, his special teams work with us makes him VERY attractive as a coach.
I remember the headline Pat Mcnanamon gave the Hue Jackson hiring was “That’s NOT so Browns!”. Guess it ain’t the Factory of Sadness for nothing.
Well, Rivera was fired midseason, which left time enough for the Redskins to determine whether he was a good fit.
He MAY HAVE been a good hire somewhere else, to which I say: The Browns.
From our point of view, he’s proven all that he needs to prove. But then he wouldn’t be the GOAT if he thought like us plebs.
That’s why I want the Patriots to go after Teddy Bridgewater in free agency. Not entirely sure our cap space would allow it, but hey, you get a backup that went undefeated in a starting role, it motivates Brady further, and if the decline hits in 2020, you’re in no real danger, as Sean Payton just proved.
Right, I forgot Hard Knocks. Fair argument, then.
I wanted to keep Jimmy G and move on from Brady purely on the basis of age, but I still recognize that’s simply not done with the reigning MVP.
Good! Get him out of the Factory of Sadness before he’s forever damned to journeyman hell!
Jones I’ll grant you, but come on, fucking MEGATRON would suck under Freddie Kitchens!
Am I the only one who thinks pairing Baker with McDaniels would be a ticking time bomb? They’re gonna clash on basically every incompletion, interception, three-and-out, and non pass play. Just PLEASE don’t give McDaniels roster control!
...Snow? As in, ACTUAL snow? Could he not make it to practice because he had issues with the snow?
Too bad they played their two trump cards already (Hiring Rivera and firing Allen).
Well, no one ever said Jerry thought it all through.
Tom Brady in a Cowboys uniform? Ban OP for obscene content! I know I'm gonna get downvoted for this, but come on, we all mouth vomit a little at the idea of an iconic player on our team wearing that star on his helmet!
...USC fan? Gotta be, right?
Can't until free agency officially begins.
I would honestly not mind that, actually. I've always believed coaching was what kept rings out of his hands. That said, Dalton's probably nothing more than a stopgap at this point, and if that's the case, then I'd rather have Bridgewater.
And yet Blowhard Bill passed on him for Harry. But please, tell me more about how this fuckwit's sheer arrogance and drafting incompetence shouldn't cost him GM powers, if not his job as a whole!
Not gonna lie, I was hoping they’d go for a Dallas Texans-style design.
Thank God I’m not the only one who thought that.
I mean, considering they’ve only beaten one playoff team out of five and pissed away a bye losing to the fucking Dolphins...
I'm sorry, but I just don't like the idea of him and Baker together! He goes off on Kitchens, he's gonna go off on Josh! I just hope he doesn't get roster control, or it's Jay Cutler all over again! ~~Baker to Patriots pls?~~
Just saying this because it feels like a natural spot: Since we have a bit of a precedent with multiple members of a line being represented in Pikachu and Raichu (and presumably Onix and Steelix once Jasmine drops), I wouldn't mind seeing Morty in the game with Haunter. A Striker with slightly less Sp.Atk and Speed, but with the buffs we only wish Gengar would've had.
He only ever has that during non-canon rematches, though.
The idea, though, is that Morty’s Haunter will never evolve. Nor would, say, Falkner’s Pidgeotto.
It’s almost as if the Haslams can’t tolerate the faintest shred of talent or competence in their organization! Next I suppose you’re gonna tell me water is wet?!?
See, this doesn’t happen unless Bill Belichick has lost the team. To no one’s surprise, Bill Belichick has lost the team. #FireTheFuckwitAlready!
Like Bill Parcells always said, “Put away the anointing oil!” They crowned themselves champs before the playoff even started! Hubris is a helluva thing.
Their bread and butter was converting 4th and short, and no one on the Ravens staff figured a playoff team would know to shut that down.
Pretty much. You shit the bed against the Dolphins at home, you don’t deserve the goddamn playoffs to begin with.
You beat us in the Super Bowl with Nick Folk. I'd say you guys have enough schadenfreude at our expense to last a few more years.
And I'm not disagreeing with that sentiment, but the fact remains that it was all on officiating. Miami, though? We made and shat in our own bed there.
Beep... BEEP! Beep... BEEP! Beep... BEEP! Beep... BEEP!
It all goes back to the fuckwit in the hoodie. We consistently lose to Miami late in the season, and I'm starting to see that it's because Blowhard Bill is JUST ENOUGH of an arrogant gasbag to completely look past them EVERY GODDAMN TIME AND NEVER FUCKING LEARN FROM IT!!! BUT TELL ME AGAIN HOW HE HASN'T BEEN COASTING OFF OF BRADY FOR TWO GODDAMN DECADES, BECAUSE IT'S ALL OUT IN THE OPEN NOW!!!
This is only his first head coaching job?!? After the gong show that was Kitchens?!? Enjoy #1 overall in 2021! Hell, we might even trade ya for Baker, even though you'll waste that pick too!
We'll see once Belichick doesn't have Brady as his crutch anymore.
Man, if only Houston had Truant.
At least you blew it at the end of the game. This was Super 28-3 II Turbo Edition, to the point where the first quarter might as well have never happened.
Alright, any team that can erase a 24-point deficit and still manage what's effectively a blowout deserves to win the Super Bowl in my book. Sucks that Andy Reid would get a ring, but I guess that's the price of justice in this league.
Which honestly makes the AB signing a million times worse! He knows damn well what kind of damage that kind of outside noise can do to a team, and he STILL FUCKING WENT THROUGH WITH IT!!!
I like that idea! Whereas Trainers like Blue get normal dialogue, Red gets something like "... [Hi, do you like Pokemon?]" Other than that, just "Yes," "No," "Go!," Get 'em!". "Go for it!", "The enemy's weak! Go!", and "All right!" or "Gotcha!" You know, just the generic quotes in damn near every Pokemon game since Red and Blue.
I need a clip of this. Scratch that, we ALL need a clip of this.
After the gong show that was Texans-Chiefs, he is NOT gonna be able to sustain that style of play.
Well, there's your Super Bowl matchup. Or at least the one the league will try to fix.
That’s why I say the league will try to fix it that way. Of course, if it happens organically, then everything’s good.
Meanwhile, Tom Brady was in prime position for a Super Bowl run going into Week 1, potentially facing not only his hometown team, but his former backup to boot! And then a certain fuckwit in a hoodie went and made a signing that would get LITERALLY ANY OTHER GM FIRED and shit all over his quarterback’s last shot at a ring! Seriously, the way Belichick handled personell this season was nothing short of malicious, and if Brady walks, his ass is gone too! Kraft will NOT tolerate him losing Brady, thank fucking God! Better to naturally suck than to be mediocre by design like Blowhard Bill did this squad!
And without Brady, Belichick would be lucky to win one Super Bowl as a head coach. The head coach's culture depends on the quarterback buying in. Only then does the rest of the team follow.
Wait, the Colts made the Championship game within the last six years? 19, 18, 17, 16, 15, 14... ...Oh. Right. Fuck.
And I suppose the '07 Patriots go 16-0 on the hoodie's strength alone? Especially considering they went 11-5 the following year with Brady out for the season? A five-win difference this year would be 7-9, meaning we don't even qualify for the playoffs,
Gronk retired last year, and Belichick never did anything to address that void (not that you can TOTALLY replicate Gronk, of course), yet still plowed ahead like the kitchen wasn't on fire all around him, even letting any receiver worth a damn burn with his AB fuckup. Except Edelman, though! Can't let Brady get suspicious, now!
If nothing else, they’re drafting the big free agency prize of five years from now.
Can we draft Thaddeus? Tell me we can draft Thaddeus!
Patriots. Easily Patriots. Belichick has all but forced Brady out by this point, meaning he’ll get exposed for the gasbag fraud he really is!
Don’t really love the idea from a Panthers standpoint. What makes them so sure Kyle Allen’s the guy?
Probably just the generic lines you see in damn near every Pokemon game, really.
Okay, since when did this meme have lyrics?! So good!
Legit question: Why do people hate Nickelback so vehemently? I mean, I'd say they have a few good songs at least - no bangers, mind, but still nice songs to listen to - but why all the hate?
Man, I can just imagine the Dolphins salt if Ryan Tannehill reaches the Super Bowl in Miami of all places!
Not entirely sure this is the thread for this, but has there been any word about a 1.5.5 datamine?
I’m sorry, but when I look at the 49ers’ first half dozen or so games with Garoppolo as the starter, I struggle to comprehend how people think he has no role in their current success. They were Browns-tier bad before he got there, and hadn’t lost a game he started for the rest of the year!
Can I just rant for a bit about how EAGERLY I've been anticipating Leaf in particular?! I'm excited for Leaf for the same reason I was excited for Kris: ACTUAL CHARACTERIZATION FROM AN OFFICIAL SOURCE!!! (I dunno how much input GameFreak has in protagonist characterization, but if TPCi is greenlighting it, that's good enough for me at the moment!) There's also a level of intrigue regarding her name. To recap, Kotobukiya released a figure of the FRLG female protagonist shortly before the launch of Let's Go, where she would be called Green, thus superseding Kotobukiya, as the core series is considered to be the ultimate canon. Plus, Leaf and Green are both featured with the Squirtle line so it stood to reason that the character had officially been named Green once and for all. And then Masters came along. Based solely on the Sync Move clip, I'm not getting any sort of vibe that she's based on Let's Go Green. Of course, I'd still need to see her Sync Pair Story and her Pokemon Center quotes before giving up the ghost on this one, but right now, I'm still pretty sure that Green as a separate character will ultimately find her way to Pasio.
Is there a problem with the '94 throwbacks? Or does the league just forbid teams from wearing throwbacks or alternates in the Super Bowl?
The score as I see it: Brady 4, Belichick 2. I'll explain: **2002 and 2004:** Belichick lost those Super Bowls more than Brady won them by virtue of allowing the Rams and Panthers respectively to tie the game in the first place, leaving it on Brady to move Vinateri into field goal range. I will commend his clock management, though. **Brady: 2, Belichick 0** **2005:** Belichick redeems himself on the comeback front. **Brady: 2, Belichick: 1** **2015:** I can't in good conscience give this one to either of them. We won that game because we just so happened to have an ex-Seahawk on our team who recognized the play Seattle was running. Though to Belichick's credit, the fact that he had called a play to stop a pass rather than a run shows the futility of trying to trick a trickster god. In the end, I give it to Brady because he had set Super Bowl records that night. **Brady: 3, Belichick: 1** **Side note:** I vividly remember watching the end of the Seahawks-Rams game the following season in a restaurant while celebrating my birthday with my family. The second I saw the Rams stuff Beast Mode at the 1-yard line, the first thought that popped into my head was, "Pete Carroll's just been vindicated. If the Rams can stuff Beast Mode, then the Patriots definitely would've. **2017:** TWENTY-EIGHT TO THREE. Any pro-Belichick argument pertaining to this specific game is by definition invalid. **Brady: 4, Belichick 1** **Side note:** The Falcons electing to pass in field goal range WAS careless! I will not for a second argue that point! But a holding penalty ended up knocking them out of field goal range. THAT ABOVE ALL ELSE is why they lost! Be it pass or run, YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HOLD SOMEBODY IN THAT KIND OF SITUATION! **2019:** A clear defensive masterpiece from Belichick, to the point where the Rams were basically EXPOSED! To be fair, the 49ers' rise this year clearly made them the odd man out in the division, so I'd say Goff and McVay did alright under the circumstances. **Brady: 4, Belichick 2** Speaking of the 49ers, I have to say, regarding the Garoppolo trade: I would have moved on from Brady in a heartbeat if it was at all feasible to do, but the problem is, IT WAS NEVER FEASIBLE!!! Brady was playing at an MVP-level that year, and I don't care WHO you are, you DO NOT justify to the fanbase moving the reigning MVP! PERIOD!!! Hell, the only reason Favre-Rodgers was ever a controversy to begin with was because Favre told the Packers he was retiring and tried to back out of it after the fact! Favre had become toxic compared to Rodgers, so shipping him out of town was the Packers' only real option! Not to mention Brady was under contract, Garoppolo was a free agent, and there just wasn't enough pie to give the latter the kind of slice he wanted! Point is, there's a method to the madness! That's why I blame the 2019 regular season entirely on Belichick! I don't care how badly Brady had declined this year, nor how many guys we lost to injury since the start of training camp! If you're beating the teams you should be beating but can't win against any of your fellow division winners, all on the strength of a 12-4 record, then the failures of the year are SOLELY ON HIM AS THE GENERAL MANAGER for doing next to nothing to support his 42-year-old quarterback! Don't give me AB, it was beyond arrogant to think he'd last the whole 17 weeks! Don't give me Sanu, he was the Robin to Julio Jone's Batman, yet the Falcons were STILL a shitpile! And above all else, his failure to address Gronk's retirement in any meaningful capacity is fucking HEINOUS for a team largely defined by its two-tight-end packages! None of us ever EXPECTED a second Gronk, just someone Brady can fucking throw it to! I really do believe this year was just Belichick forcing Brady out! God forgive me, I can't see this as anything else! I'd like to believe this lack of weapons was to help Brady save face in free agency, but considering he signed ANTONIO FUCKING BROWN, it's beyond question he's fallen into the hype on some level! I just hope against all hope Kraft wises up and strips him of GM duties before free agency, because at this point, this is a man who thinks he can do whatever the hell he wants, and he NEEDS that kind of blow to his ego!
49ers' record at the time of the Garoppolo trade? 0-8. 49ers' record as of Garoppolo's first start? 1-10. 49ers' record after Week 17 2017? 6-10. And yet people are stupid enough to dismiss him so easily?! With all due respect to Patrick Mahomes, don't even DARE to be shocked if the 49ers win!
Speaking of, I’ve not heard much about the MCU post-Far From Home. Has there been anything since then?
Let’s be real here, refs NEED to be called out like this.
I do not dare give such a bizarre headline a click. What, pray tell, might this business decision be?
Sadness. That's what the hell happened here.
Well then, fire the fuckwit in the hoodie before he fucks those plans up entirely!
You're not wrong, but the prevailing question is always, "what have you done for me lately?" The fact that they've largely beaten the teams they were supposed to beat all year long tells me Brady still has it on some level. Injuries, shit receiving, and Belichick's own arrogance undermined the season DRASTICALLY, and given the choice between Brady and actual weapons, I'd prefer receiving help for whoever the Week 1 starter turns out to be. He's not at a do more with less level anymore, otherwise we'd be 14-2, bare minimum.
I know that’s either a joke or a metaphor, but we all know A: Pacquiao would destroy Brady, and B: Brady would be chomping at the bit for that fight if Pacquiao said just the right thing to him.
God, that field had better be in the best fucking condition of the stadium’s life, because it is fucking atrocious!
Yeah, but there’s a REASON that accident happened to begin with! All he did was bring in the kind of outside noise that breaks the goddamn sound barrier!
Oh, yay, he's the MVP of an unnecessary game that no one want to put any real effort into for fear of needless injuries. Clearly top prospect material. I mean, he is, but let's be real, NO ONE tries in the Senior Bowl! At least, no one who's supposed to go in the first round, anyway.
Counterarguemnt: Your head coach is ADAM GASE.
Any word on story Sync Pairs at all? Like, what do the next few chapters give us?
Brady to Chargers confirmed, then. Fuck.
As far as the games are concerned, Rayquaza didn’t reject her so much as it simply didn’t have the power to Mega Evolve and the player (I guess Brendan in terms of Masters) just happened to have the meteorite it needed. Basically, Rayquaza had no reason not to team up with Zinnia with all else being equal, just that Brendan had the necessary item to make it Mega Evolve, and that basically ended up making its decision for it. Which basically amounts to the same thing, I suppose, but when I think about it like that, it frames Rayquaza’s decision as more pragmatic than anything else.
Or that Brendan released Rayquaza once Grand Meteor Delta was destroyed.
OR! We’re getting a free Dragon-type to account for the fact that not everyone managed to pull Lance while he was available.
And they're generally considered trash-tier units (Clair more clearly so than Iris). Or at bare minimum, Iris sucks in the one Co-Op chapter she'd be useful in (Cold Confidence), due in no small part to Haxorus being weak to Ice, which Lapras happens to use.
Which means basically nothing unless Haxorus gets Clearheaded or Kingdra gets Impervious, neither of which I expect to be the case.
Honestly, I'd try to spring for a Leer or two before unloading any Accelerocks, just to try and maximize my first three uses of the move.
Hang on, that’s Midnight form’s cry!
Tauros or Exeggutor (Ishihara’s favorite Pokemon, so we’ll see it at some point down the line, methinks), just because I’m still holding out hope we might get Green as a separate unit from Leaf.
Just tried it myself by having Granbull lower the target’s Attack. Xatu’s Attack didn’t drop at all.
Logically, that would mean a drop of -5 or -4 Attack, so I don't see it.
I love the idea of Oak with Nidorino because, if its evolution story pits him against Agatha, then it uses her rivalry with Oak to recreate the opening cinematic for Red and Green, and I for one think that'd be really frickin' cool! Get on it, DeNA!
He does have a Tauros in his unused battle data, though also an Exeggutor. Arcanine is spoken for, and I'd be shocked if Gyarados doesn't go to Misty (due to her apparently getting an alt).
I considered Poison Shift Thrash until I learned Poison Jab costs 3 bars, so I decided I could only commit to one or the other. Also, I just realized I never gave it a passive! Thanks for reminding me!
Holy shit, be it Stidham or otherwise, we are going to fucking CRUCIFY that guy, and I want no part of it!
This is probably a stupid idea, but could the Patriots re-sign Brady, only to trade him to the Chargers for their first-round pick? I can imagine Spanos wanting that trade to go through.
If datamines are to be believed, then Red is getting an alt at some point, which I'm sure is Mega Charizard Y.
Nidorino doesn't get Earthquake, and coming as Nidorino is crucial to the Easter egg. The best I can imagine is Stomping Tantrum, which I don't really care for since Nidorino/Nidoking would have to miss an attack to get the double damage.
Between Poison Jab and Venoshock doubling on poisoned targets, I added the self-poison as a necessary drawback to keep it from being overpowered.
Always about BBQ with this guy.
Or! They bring in Brady! In that kind of QB room, how do you NOT become a Hall of Famer?
Dude. What if the Dolphins offer all their firsts to the Bengals for #1? Mike Brown would almost certainly overrule management for that kind of haul.
Serperior, Torchic, and Roserade. It wasn’t even that difficult.
But if I were to log out from the first account, delete and redownload the app, login and log out with the second account, delete and redownload the app, and log back in with the first account, would I still have my save data from the first account?
...What do you mean you weren’t finishing on time? Sync Move? Were you not focusing your attacks all on Sealeo?
Huh... All I really did was boost Sp. Atk and crit rate to max and focus all my damage onto Sealeo. Serperior’s largely there to refill the move gauge so as not to interrupt Roserade’s onslaught, and if all else fails, I can just burn an X Attack All to get the Sync Move ready.
Interesting. I’m going to assume Torba, Melissa, and Pachira are Trevor, Fantina, and Malva, though I have no idea who Murray and Gordon would be. I imagine Kurt will end up either with Slowbro/Slowking or Celebi, though.
I mean, we already have Pikachu/Raichu, Onix/Steelix, and Eevee/Sylveon, so it’s very possible Morty will just end up with Haunter. Also, I kinda like the idea of Falkner with Lugia for whatever reason.
I just want her to get a Pokemon period, even if she’s just a once-a-day battle or something along those lines.
Yeah, adding Tactics kinda made Rough Seas Ahead obsolete.
I’m not expecting MVP out of him this year. Either we suck hard enough to draft Trevor Lawrence, or we make the playoffs period and load up for a run with a boatload of cap in 2021.
Wait a minute... that is NOT the same shade of black in SM as it was in BW! I had just thought the white parts were just from stress, but no! That’s a deliberate fashion choice on Grimsley’s part! Jesus, Game Freak, the subtle fucking details...!
Where’s the lie?
Okay. Fine. Bye, Felicia.
The 1.0.0 stuff is still clearly visible in the MEGA files, so you may have to rethink your definition of the word “scrubbed.”
The match with Cynthia is explicitly the quarterfinals. She’s likely teamed up with Lance and Steven for that fight, after which we’ll likely be facing Caitlin in the semifinals, and the final match is almost certainly the Sygna Kanto trio. Giovanni still has yet to make his move, though I imagine that’ll drive the conflict beyond the PML, especially if he’s the big bad behind Team Break.
Any Red-less strats for Ultra Hard Burgh? As in, strategies WITHOUT RED!!! I DO NOT HAVE RED!!! DO NOT SUGGEST RED!!!
I know... I just have irrational hangups about auto mode, but once I realized that was the lesser of two evils, I opted to see it through for no reason other than foolish pride... I should never have lashed out like that... I’m very sorry...
Wait, WHAT?!? Was this officially announced and/or datamined?!? If so, then what Pokemon is she paired with?!? Most likely Braviary or Eelektross, since she’s used those in BW1!
Either way, I wouldn’t be surprised to hear about summer alts come next datamine. Cynthia would be rather excessive IMO, just because I feel like that would warrant a Scout Fair banner, though I’d love for Glacia and Marlon to get something like those just on the grounds of an effective apology for the Tactics system rendering their Trainer moves largely obsolete.
I vividly recall saying, “After this play, I never want to hear John Harbaugh complain about trick plays again.”
Was she actually teased, though? I’m fairly certain this was merely a reference to the Unova games. But of course, this is the same fandom that somehow got it in their heads that the anime would have ONE OF ASH’S TRAVELING COMPANIONS be a secret member of Team Plasma! Like, how brainless would you even have to BE to have that hot a take?!? Sorry, I just fucking HATE that theory because no way in HELL would the anime ever delve into THAT arc, no matter HOW dark they would’ve made Unova before the Meteonite episodes were cancelled!
I think the bigger question here is, default player hair or rival hair?
Lillie and Clefairy. I just hope they decide to let Clefairy be a Supporter and have Lusamine and Clefable as a Striker.
I don’t think the Cowboys drag it out a second year. For all of Jerry’s deficiencies, Bruce Allen he is not, for good or for ill.
Speaking of, didn’t someone design a helmet meant to keep players from spreading the virus during a game? I think it was just a concept design, but still.
Gotta give the point to Harbaugh here. Doesn’t matter how seriously you take your opponent, with the way the Ravens were playing all year, it’s basically human nature to get complacent against a wildcard team.
Every time I play through XY and it comes time to pick my fossil, I always tell myself I’m going to pick Amaura, but I always default to Tyrunt. That typing simply isn’t justifiable, even if it’s just going to sit in a box!
Not long after I pulled Delibird, I was doing some training course with her and Olivia, and after one All the Presents, my first thought was, “WHY AM I ALLOWED TO SPAM THIS SHIT?!?!?”
Yeesh. I guess that’s what happens when you spend all your damn time swimming in the ocean.
Hang on. I was told Sygna Grimsley would remain in the gacha pool permanently.
I thought the huddle was just meant to keep the other team from hearing the play call?
Yeah, but as a Rock/Ice-type? Ain’t no fun to be had in that.
Okay, time out! If Jessie’s in the game, then they’ve got to be acknowledging that Let’s Go happened in at least SOME form!
I thought it was weird that he didn’t have a Trainer move. Guess that explains why.
Which would also make Let’s Go core series.
Is Tauros particularly good, though? I assume so if it’s something to farm for.
Yeah, it runs contrary to all good sense that a quarterback who leads the league in interceptions wins that year’s Super Bowl. Any defense pulling that off can only be considered an all-time great.
I believe I heard something about a way to improve Hypnosis’s accuracy?
I gotta see contract details. I absolutely NEED contract details.
Don’t forget a top defense from last year. This season just got fun again.
That, and now we can potentially draft a rookie for 2021.
That’s why I don’t think the Stidham hype train is quite dead yet. Massive upside on this deal, and if nothing else, Bill bought Stidham more time to develop. Even Jimmy G didn’t start until Year Three.
Not necessarily. Cam still has to play out the year, and if he doesn’t meet expectations, we’re likely not bringing him back in 2021. Hell, I don’t believe Belichick even brings him in without the pandemic fucking up offseason plans. Not to say I wouldn’t be all about having him here long-term, but again, he has to play the games, and he still has to win the starting job for good.
He’s probably ready to go this year if COVID doesn’t happen.
At this point, the only real problem I have with the signing is, if Cam balls out this year, then is Bill going to pay him what he wants in 2021?
The question is, though, who ends up getting it?
Because nothing really changes if Cam disappoints - all it does is develop Stidham for a year, and we roll with him and our shitton of cap space for 2021. But if Cam starts and we go to, say the Championship game, then A: how much will he be asking? And B: Is it a number Belichick’s willing to pay him?
I don’t suppose anyone’s yet figured out a Red-less strategy for the full force battle? As in one WITHOUT RED? For the benefit of those who DON’T HAVE RED?
