Luna is pleased to see Buddy isn't slacking on his inspection duties.
Weird. The same thing happened with me before I fucked Tiffany.
I mean... sure, that's what she told you. And no woman has ever lied about sexual pleasure, ever.
&gt; Only the simplest, most repetitive tasks will be automated. Like driving. Gotcha.
I'll buy it. What's 20 bucks to say fuck you to Trump lol
Yeah, pretty sure it's synthesized from rye mold or something.
Brexit lol
Not my own, but sure!
But that doesn't seem to apply here.
Yeah, but I shop at Macy's. I consider myself fairly normal.
I think his point is that you're so poor, your view of what true "bourgeoise" looks like is skewed greatly.
Hold on, let me get my ashtray.
Unfortunately many good tenants get screwed by lanlords who see all tenants as pieces of shit.
Oh hai mark
I was making fun of his spelling. Also, what is normal? By definition it's subjective as it means something different to everyone.
Yeah, not a lawyer, but I'm pretty sure that's super illegal (at least in my state).
No, you said &gt;You can't objectively consider yourself normal, that's not how normal works. I said &gt;I was making fun of his spelling. Also, what is normal? By definition it's subjective as it means something different to everyone. These two things are not exactly alike. Also, I never said I was *objectively* normal, just that I considered myself normal based on my own observations (ie subjective).
Pretty much, as I wasn't even making an argument, just being a smart-ass that he spelled "Macy's" as "Maseys". I actually have a few parrots, though one did pass away. Yeah I do pretty well for myself I guess, but I've never really been poor so it's kinda all the same to me? Maybe that's just my privilege showing. I dunno.
Your parents are kinda assholes.
No, it's not.
Hey, I like you Spokane. No matter your problems, I'd still rather live there than Phoenix...
And also dicks. :)
It's in Lulkekistan.
Wait, you're intentionally using bad logic because, through bad logic, you assume all democrats use bad logic? Them's some fancy mental gymnastics you got there.
When you convince certain people that the system is rigged and their vote doesn't count, it absolutely becomes part of the problem.
I've seen lots of jobs in my area for CNC programmers. If you don't mind, what does your job entail and where did you learn the skills?
I have the most kissy Grey on the planet...
Adorable lil bacon seeds.
*A key. The human body is incredibly adaptable! Though IF is great no matter your diet.
Until you're not :( cherish the moments you have, cause they will never be enough.
Don't upvote me.
I know exactly what you mean. Give the ol doggo a good scritch and a snuggle for me!
This ~~guy~~ gal farts.
You forgot the "The_" lol
Oh I'm paying it, I'm paying it. ;)
That ain't no lie...
I know! I miss her baby eyes, but she's growing up. I miss her baby bites even more... Haha
Oh yeah? That's awesome! Aww, you're too sweet. After sweetpea died, I needed some time away. It really was the last straw for me. She was on my shoulder and being so sweet and snuggly, and then she died that night. Last year was a crazy ride. I'll let you know next time I'm down that way! I'm working on the app some more too. I kinda slacked on that... A lot lol but I'm back working on it. I actually applied to a few Java developer positions in Tempe, so I just might be down that way a lot more often!
Bahaha she will actually throw herself off my shoulder in like a somersault motion with no warning and expect me to catch her on her back. Such a crazy bird!
I did too :( I miss her, Timmy, and Sassy every day... I'm just glad the rest of my babies are doing well. I think I told you about the Grey we got. Her name is Vegas, and she's a total trip. She's loves me. She even named me haha calls me Bobby (her old owners name is Jerry, so not sure where that came from) whenever I leave the room she yells "Bobby! Get in here!" lol she talks a bunch, it's pretty great. Haha I'm sure they appreciate the hell out of you for your efforts. I wish I could come down more, but it's kinda hard living as far away as we do with only one car. We'll get a second one when I get my new job. We'll also be moving closer, so it'll definitely be easier to come visit! I hope so too! I really want one of those dev jobs. Worst case scenario I'll get an IT job down there. I have a few friends who work down there who said they could get me a job, so either way I'll get something.
Ha! That's exactly what it is! She's StarFox-ing haha
Hmm I have two more days of being cool... Lookout ladies, prepare to be quickly disappointed!
I'm definitely not taking this to a moral place as I don't think I'm superior to anyone because of my education. However, I think you're lumping people with degrees and people with liberal arts degrees in the same category. I have a degree in Computer Science, and I seriously doubt any high school grad could sit through my degree and pass. Your comment seems to ignore the fact that technology is what enabled the blue collar workers to build the infrastructure in the first place. Engineers and Scientists who spent years honing their knowledge to reach a level of expertise to be able to work with the incredible levels of complex problems that seemingly mundane tasks can present. Hell, the very fact that we're engaging each other on a global network of silicon and electrons is evidence of that.
Perhaps dismiss is too strong of a word, perhaps omit is better. I completely agree, just wanted to point out that all levels of society have their merit. White collar liberals like to dismiss the blue collar conservatives as uneducated idiots who bumble around in the dirt, while blue collar conservatives like to dismiss white collar liberals as entitled pussies who invent their importance to make themselves feel better. Hard work applies to either end, and I agree entirely that it is the greatest indicator of success on either side of the spectrum.
Bullshit. I got my job because I picked a position I felt I was qualified for and started applying, and then didn't stop until I got the job I wanted. Between applying, interviewing, and screening/background checks, it took me ten weeks from starting applying to my first day. It wasn't easy, but I had 15 interviews and 4 job offers before I found the one I accepted. Now I work in IT for a large healthcare organization. I get to work remotely full time, a competitive salary for the type of position, and I have plenty of room to grow. Oh, and I haven't finished my Bachelor's degree yet. My new employer is paying for me to finish. So yeah, there are good jobs out there for people without 10 years experience and three degrees, they just don't get handed to you.
Oh you got another grey! That's so cool! He's absolutely adorable. I have two Greys myself.
Oh god, I love little grey baby noises! So many little grunts and squeaks! I still watch the videos I took when my Luna was a baby!
I share your sentiment completely. I lost the sweetest little Grey last year, and it gutted me. I actually dropped all my classes that semester because of it. I couldn't function. I didn't realize the level of love and caring I could feel for a fluffy little bird until I lost her. Internet hugs your way, my friend.
You're probably right haha because everyone knows she's an angel...
Hydrogen peroxide works by producing destructive hydroxyl free radicals that can attack membrane lipids, DNA, and other essential cell components. Per the CDC.
Both /u/scale10crazy and /u/redneckrockuhtree gave great advice, as usual. I definitely agree that raising a bird and adopting one are different paths, but can definitely both lead to a happy relationship with the bird. I have a 2 year old Grey and a 26 year old Grey, and both are very attached to me. Greys are very perceptive, so talking to them is a great start. Treats are also a great way to win favor. Ultimately, it's going to be consistency and patience that are the most important things. My adopted grey was in love with me from day one, but it's taken a year for her to warm up to my wife. I doubt it would have taken that long for my wife if I wasn't there, but still, it can take time. You gotta be prepared for the long haul, even if it only takes a short period of time.
So you moved to Washington from Oregon? Lol
Huh, well there you go!
Did you see her dye job? She doesn't have anything to sue for.
Drugs too!
I know what you meant, I'm just saying she looks like a meth head, and thus probably poor. They're not gonna get anything from a civil suit because she doesn't have anything to give.
I work IT for a large healthcare company, and we definitely have 24/7 coverage. Healthcare IT would definitely be somewhere to look, as well as a NOC or MSP. You should have plenty of options, as most people don't want to work nights.
I mean, my work gives us each a budget of $5k a year to put towards either certs or tuition, so I don't doubt his would.
Loyalty means nothing in today's job market. You owe that company nothing more than to do your job to the best of your ability. If you really want to stay, let them know you've received an offer for 50k more. If it's worth it to them, they'll give it to you. Otherwise move on.
Say what now?
Mostly because I make more than that for a T1 helpdesk position where I'm working remotely in a relatively low COL place. So when I saw your post, I couldn't help but think they're boning you.
False
This is the correct answer
Lol my life is in ServiceNow. I work for a large Healthcare company doing IT and we use ServiceNow for our ticket system.
Also, work hard like some people.
If it's in Phoenix, then yeah.
&gt;but I do want to point out that pretty much the entire hiring world disagrees with you Lol no, they don't. I recently went through a job search, and out of over a hundred applications, roughly a dozen interviews, and 4 solid job offers, I only filled out two of those personality quizes, and none of them were at the jobs I got offers from (or even interviewed at). I realize that's not a particularly large sample size, but still.
I guess so, with the caveat that I don't assume my anecdotal evidence to represent the entire state of the job market lol
Pfft. I'd still kiss his beak. Totally worth it. Just ask my grey Luna. She's given me a bloody nose/lip more times than I can count lol I still give that birdy smooches, especially on her fluffy little danger cheeks.
I mean, I'm 28 and I'm making six figures now (and have been for like 2 years). Yeah I worked hard to get here, but it definitely took no small measure of luck as well. I do have a degree. Pretty sure it doesn't have anything to do with sucking though, or that would mean you suck a whole lot more than I do, and I don't really think I'm anything special.
Google, apparently.
That's just you...
Damn straight
Can confirm. It's been three years and they're still coming. They even found me when I moved.
Hey I appreciate it! Honestly, it's just mail, so I don't really mind. Just thought it was funny they found us again after moving.
Next the beheadings
Yeah, fuck that guy for having an opinion.
Hey, I appreciate it. You're a good egg /u/drumandbass01
Well, using common slurs for a black person towards a black person is a start.
See, I can't tell if you're serious or not. You sound like an average Trump supporter.
Anomalous magniloquence, fathomability notwithstanding.
I thesaurus'd it for you. Anomalous magniloquence, fathomability notwithstanding.
I mean, some would argue the world is flat, but it's not. You're right, it's the context in which monkey is used that makes it racist. So it's reasonable to assume someone calling Michelle Obama a monkey meant it in a racial context. Is it possible that they didn't? Sure. But considering the level of social awareness of monkey as a racial slur, occams razor would suggest they mean it in a racist way.
&gt;users always lie Ha! So damn true.
In general, yeah it's a good idea. Having a degree definitely gets you in the door more often, but the real important factor is experience. Get a Helpdesk job, even part time, and do that until you graduate. You'll be a lot more employable than if you just went degree alone.
Doubt it was a typo, as they said they went from $300 a month to $80-$100 a month. Not sure how they could be spending $300 a week for two adults and a kid. That sounds as ridiculous as $80 a month.
Craigslist
Exactly my thoughts.
&gt;Genial mutilation Not sure what's cheerful about getting your balls removed.
Not to bag on your choice, but some people genuinely love to cook (and eat). Soylent is great if you don't really care, but definitely isn't for everyone.
Reality
Judging by the downvotes, I'd say plenty agree with me.
Based on what?
Lol you're not very bright, are you?
&gt; But I refuse to take a job in helpdesk since it won't put me on the path I want and I'm afraid I'd get stuck again. So I'm jobless at the moment. Being jobless is a lot more likely to get you "stuck" than being in helpdesk. Just saying.
Huh, now I need to make a snow-dick maker. I'll be rich!
Exactly! Compared to Einstein, we're all idiots. Compared to bacteria, were all Einstein! Just depends on the perspective.
Haha well thanks. Good luck on the book!
I would imagine.
Why would I care?
&gt;Stop being a delusional NPC. Is this the 2018 version of "sheeple"? Apparently disagreeing on reddit means I'm not "woke" enough. Whatever will I do with the shame?
Trump says and does incredibly stupid things. I'm not arguing anything to the contrary. I'm just not sure if he's actually stupid. Is it possible? Sure. But it's also possible he's playing the part of the rich idiot so that people underestimate him.
So you're saying if Trump were smart, he'd act predictably? Not sure the logic really follows there. Also, it's possible to be smart and narcissistic, just as it's possible to be smart and pretend to be narcissistic. All I'm saying is the man defied the odds and made it to the White House. It's not unreasonable to think there's something going on in his head, especially considering how vacuous and idiotic he appears to be despite his position.
Really though, thats just conjecture and speculation on your part. None of what you said contradicts the possibility that he simply wants to be seen as some idiot puppet so that he can enact his actual agenda. Literally all I'm saying is that it's possible that it's an act. Yes, he seems like a dumbass. Yes, he seems like a narcissist. Yes, it could be an act. Full stop.
While ymmv, as I understand the legality of it, yes. As long as you work any hours during the week, as a salary exempt employee, you will recieve the full weeks salary. Now they might mark that against you and eventually fire you for it, but docking your pay would be a violation and could open them up to a lawsuit and fines.
Ah, cause you've been with him behind the scenes for the last 70 years. Gotcha. So either you're his butthole, or you're just a random butthole whose somehow both full of shit as well as up himself. You're quite the enigma.
I can basically guarantee that you can't skip a bachelors degree to go to masters, as a masters degree is considered a "graduate degree", as in you've already graduated with a bachelors.
Honestly, if you want to save some time and money, get your A+ cert, get a job at a Helpdesk, and learn all you can. Maybe go to your local community College at the same time if you're so inclined. That will set you up for a career in IT, and better than any $6k certification program will. Save you a lot of money too!
I'm a waste of a human being because I don't care about a particular company's corporate structure? Huh, logic isn't your strong suit, is it?
Just saying, but everything you just said is market dependent. What may be true in one market is not necessarily true in another.
To get at their supply of pets who put out?
To get at their supply of pets who put out?
&gt; You will need the connections in the classroom to help you find that first job. Trust me. Eh, not necessarily, no. I definitely didn't use any connections to get my first job out of college. In fact, after two months of looking, I had four solid offers on the table, and none of them were from connections I made in University. They were all from linked-in, too.
Cause he lied on his resume?
You said "used to be". What happened to the fortune?!
False. American hospitals are legally obligated to treat and stabilize anyone who comes in.
Oh it's fucked to shit, no arguments here. I just don't like falsehoods muddying the waters. It's fucked up enough without lies.
Exactly!
Lol uh, pretty sure the only time the government figures out how much you owe them is during an audit. I'd rather skip that step.
Sure they are. You don't have to be a good at everything to be good at something. There are plenty of rich idiots who happen to have one talent they work on good enough to get them there.
&gt; I bet there’s probably a subreddit somewhere dedicated to Americans claiming US states are equivalent to an entire countries like the Netherlands. Not really that big of a stretch when you consider that California has a larger economy than the UK.
Socialism =/= Communism
My company's t1 reps make $26/hr, and that's in Arizona (low CoL)
They start somewhere in the ballpark of $80k.
I wouldn't recommend it. Shit gets hot here.
TO THE WINDOW....
Litchfield Park, actually.
Gallah is just the common name for the Rose-Breasted Cockatoo.
Overrated comment
Sounds like my wife.
Omfg dude, chill. No need to be all hostile.
Ugh fucking gomers. Why can't they die in Florida?
Don't forget free-trade
Whoosh
No u
No more so than your wife.
In other words, "don't tell truths that hurt my white guilt".
Nah, just means that most aren't aware of many characters and back stories.
Meh, I never pay attention to fanboys. I just enjoy the things I like and leave it at that.
The Budster! Such a boopable beak.
I live in Arizona and have a Cajun restaurant nearby that does a really good gator po boy.
The snack that smiles back
Your life.
&gt;We all came from the same experiences Except that's not really true, is it? I'm mean sure, you had the same parents, but you're each individuals, so your experiences are different because they are filtered through the lenses of your individual perceptions. Not saying you have bad parents, simply that your sister may not have felt the experiences growing up the same way you did, which could partly explain her deviation from you and your brother.
Lol I'm in grad school and work full time as a DevOps engineer, so not sure what makes you say that. As for your turd of a life, I wasn't saying that your life is or isn't a turd, but rather clarifying what the OP probably meant when he said to quit polishing the turd. I don't know or care if your life is a turd, and my effort to describe it won't change whether or not it is, in fact, a turd. Make sense?
Back track? You sure that means what you think it means? The first thing I said to you was "Your life". You realize that, right?
Sure, you can take it that way, but he said to quit polishing the turd, and you asked what the metaphorical turd was. I gave you the obvious answer based on the context of the conversation.
What the fuck are you...
I'm talking about drawing a line in the sand, dude.
No, that's the next line.
According to Fry's employees, yes. Seems like they would know, ya know?
I've never seen it done period, so I can't really say. That being said, I'm sure it's taken more seriously in areas more likely to have issues.
Nothing? You asked a question, and I answered based on the information in other comments. The few Frys employees who answered seem to think that yes, many stores are doing this.
Sociopaths are weird.
And yet 2/3rds of you are still fat fucks, so I guess your theory isn't really working in the practical sense.
Wrong
OP's comment is 4 hours old, but has -27 karma (at the time of my comment), as opposed to /u/regoapps having a 27 minute old comment with 4 karma. So while you might read top to bottom and left to right, that doesn't necessarily tell you the chronological order of the comments, because of how karma reorders them.
They taste like your mom
He's technically correct. The best kind of correct.
Is it you? Don't worry bud, you'll get through it. I believe in you 😊
Like which club specifically, there's so many.
Uh, what are the names? I live in Phoenix and I've never heard this.
Wouldn't xenophilia be the opposite of xenophobia? Nationalism and xenophobia are like different trim levels of the same car.
Do homophobes run away from gay people? It's definitely possible to use a fear of a certain outcome to give you confidence in your actions, including feigning superiority.
They wouldn't dare, because of the *implication*.
Yeah, my boner knows exactly what's goin on in that one.
TIL all research must be tailor made to be relavent to me personally or it's entirely unnecessary.
I didn't downvoted you, but I'm guessing you're getting downvoted because your comment added exactly nothing to the thread while simultaneously shitting on a fairly useful tool that many admins use daily in the career they enjoy. Just my guess.
*Smirks in RHEL*
Bad bot
Worth it
LOOK AT HIS LITTLE TUFTED EARS!
Well duh
You live with your mom, how is your cousin your only support system?
So just the tip?
It's still disingenuous to say she doesn't offer support if they're living with each other, but I get what you mean.
Because the whole post reads like the incestuous fantasy of a sexually repressed 14 year old. It very well could be true, and Oprah might actually give away cars to people who share her facebook posts.
I'm saying the way he told the story, it sounded like he made it up. The details seem farfetched, and the logic connections between cause and effect are tenuous at best.
Then what exactly are you arguing?
You talk out of your ass often or is this a new thing?
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Depends on how much of a dumbass the person is.
I'd say he's got a power bottom look to him.
That's what's awesome about Phoenix. There's literally not a house on my street with a lawn visible from the front. Everyone near me has desertscape yards. Basically Mesquite trees, cacti, hardy blooming bushes, succulents, and rocks.
I didn't know France still had monarchy. TIL.
Dude, you lost more weight than you weigh... That's insane! Good on ya!
Lol that lame zinger only makes my point more relavent.
Check around for a trade union of some sort. Trades will generally pay you to train you as an apprentice and then pay you a ton more once you reach journeyman.
I'm pretty sure I've never seen scrubbing bubbles advertise anything LGBT, and I've never heard anyone call them bigots.
Shit, I remember how hard it was to live with just me at that age. No way in hell adding a kid would be anything short of catastrophic.
Believe it!
Wait, that's illegal!
Such woke
ND?
Scarousal is the only way I can get hard ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Lol I've hit $400. My in-laws hit $600, but they have a big house with massive 2 story windows and a southern exposure. Shit adds up.
&gt;75 is so disgustingly hot. *Laughs in Phoenix*
Not if it's gas.
When you live in Phoenix and your average power bill in the summer is $300, it's not that unbelievable.
That's totally understandable.
Jared from subway would disagree.
I'm not arguing that it's bad for subway, just for Jared.
Well now you're just moving the goalposts lol
Don't tell Amazon's GovCloud team.
&gt;Even Jon didn't accept him as a brother, the one time we saw them together at Dragonstone, Jon would almost rather kill him. I think you're forgetting the conversation they had in the castle at Dragonstone. Jon said straight up that Ned Stark was the one who raised him (Theon) and that he'll always be with him, and then said he forgives him.
Just his mom
Through other friends.
Amen. I don't swerve for those furry assholes. Can't stand cats.
&gt;Can't stand dbags. Then do the world a favor and go chase traffic on the 10.
I think you're confused. You didn't respond to OP. OP just went straight CS, this is another person who is doing their first degree in CGS.
I enjoy it!
Shut the fuck up and take my goddamn money.
They're good birds bront
You sound like you're spare parts, bud.
Lol if he's in the way and doesn't need to be there, and you're getting ready for work, then yes. Depends on your relationship, it might be more like "would you mind giving me a sec to get my stuff ready?"
I guess Phoenix is a rural area, because ambulances are pretty much all privatized here.
Replace "Nazi" with "commie" and you've summed up the right as well.
No, those are eggs
Speculation
If you live in Phoenix, I may have an amazing parrot uncle opportunity for you! Haha
Lol nice back pedal. Never change.
&gt;As a buyer I would never offer less in person - after not having mentioned price via text/phone Eh, I would. I wouldn't show up with insufficient funds, but until money is exchanged, everything is negotiable. I bought some golf clubs the other day and when the dude showed up, he was clearly a meth head, so I offered half of the asking price as I assumed they were stolen. Dude didn't even flinch, said hell yeah, and we exchanged. I'll risk someone thinking I'm "rude" to get a better deal, all day every day.
And to hunt beaver, presumably.
So you're saying I should have paid full price cause the dude seemed shady? Lol careful not to fall off that high horse, bud.
No shit, shirlock. I was being facetious. No surprise you didn't get that though since you're a whinging vagina.
Same here. Regular piss test upon hiring but nothing after that so far, and don't expect it. My boss didn't even get tested during any of his several promotions over the years (he's my buddy and the one who hired me).
&gt;My guest room is full of dead animal pieces and bones ಠ_ಠ
Yeah, being near Florida City, AZ might have something to do with that
But was it the cat's pajamas?
Purple squirrels, man.
&gt;medical illustration How niche is the job market for that? I've never heard of a medical illustrator before now, so I'm intrigued.
Oh man, that's crazy! Sounds like a cool field to be in! I hope you find your position, because you seem to be very passionate about it! I guess one possibility would be to get into a medical imaging technician position. Seems like there might be a bit of overlap. Then from there you could still apply to medical illustrator positions. Idk, just throwing out ideas. I'm probably way off. I get the whole compromising dreams for reality thing. I was going into Biochemistry, but the reality that I'd either be a broke student for a very long time or an underpaid lab tech with a bachelors made me change my mind. Now I'm in IT and make a lot more than I would in Biochem, but I still wonder about what could have been.
Someone should go hang out there with a baseball bat and see if dudebro comes back. Don't hit him or anything, no need for violence, just follow him around all creepy like.
Probably because it's textbook whataboutism.
Time and a place, bud.
Funny saying, but I've had one my whole life, and have no regrets.
So you're saying someone should rape him?
No ragrats at all
Just following your lead, grandmaster kink.
Boss makes a dollar, I make a dime, that's why I poop on company time.
There's no expectation of privacy in public, so it's (generally) fair game.
This was less Vic Vinegar and more Hugh Honey.
This comment is very autistic.
I mean, your oxygen is finite. Something tells me you'd suffocate before boredom set in.
Damn good lemonade though, so no regrets.
I'm guessing your personality, but it could be a combination of personality and looks. Can't be certain.
Your behavior towards others makes it easy to dismiss you as one with no regrets.
No
No
Seems like it would be insurance fraud.
Like fluffy lil pikachus
Lol I'm a Millennial, and I'm willing to bet you don't wanna compare paychecks with me. Labeling an entire generation as lazy because you watch too much Fox News is a not so unique brand of intellectual laziness permeating the US.
Well then I guess I'll just have to suffer with my 6 figure work from home position. Woe is me.
Eh, animal instinct =/= logic. It's entirely logical to not want to reproduce. Overpopulation, climate change, or even an individual's financial situation, all are valid, logical reasons to not reproduce. A logical argument can also be made to have kids, such as combating the falling birthrate in developed countries.
Found the 42 year old.
Lol I "throw it around" because I enjoy how it sticks in the craw of old shits like you. Your kind doesn't seem to like it when someone (especially someone younger) finds success in ways that run counter to your life experience. Fortunately your skepticism has no effect on my income.
I mean, apparently I triggered you enough to make you look at my comment history, so something obviously struck a nerve. You do you, gramps. I've found my way.
&gt;No nerves struck here Lol the salty diatribe you just typed up has determined that a lie. Stay mad, gramps. I'm good at what I do, which is why I keep getting hired. You don't have to like it, or even believe it. Like I said, your skepticism has literally no effect on my income, and your tantrum is great for a giggle.
&gt;calls me a baby &gt;cries to moderators cause he's losing an argument Lol that's top notch, thank you. You're truly a gem 😂
He got to level 70 on WoW all by himself!
*It's five-o-clock somewhere intensifies*
I'm not sure considering a pet as a family member really falls under any of those though. Maybe if you think your pet is trying to warn you about the aliens coming for you, but... Then again, I'm not a psychologist.
&gt;That’s not what anthropomorphism is That's pretty much my entire point in the previous comment. The person I replied to originally was just saying in relatively vague terms that treating a pet like a child was unhealthy, which is why I asked for him to defend his claim.
&gt;but I don't need any qualifications to be able to look down on people for acting like adult children. Honestly though, how is it acting like a child? Does it hurt anyone? Does it negatively affect you or someone you know in any way, shape, or form beyond it rubbing you the wrong way? No? Then why do you care? I'm a college educated adult with a good job, as is my wife. Combined we make north of $160k/year in a low CoL area. We don't have or want human kids right now, but we have parrots we consider our "babies". They have their own bedroom, health insurance, etc. They're also smarter than any dog or cat I've ever personally seen. So what about that exactly makes you feel the need to look down on me or my wife? Genuinely curious.
&gt;No killing rabbits. Why?
Was it the water?
Saltiest comment of the week.
Did you just assume their gender? Fucking cislord scum.
Ah, you're one of those. Now I have a reason to look down on you! Cool! Listen here, dipshit. We exist because someone before us procreated. Beyond that, it's all just impulses from your lizard brain. You wanna talk about filthy animals? Go visit any third world country. Hell, go volunteer at an old folks home. Humans are animals. We piss, shit, and die the same way any other animal does. But we also have the ability to cognate, reason, and determine our own prime directive. So feel free to be a slave to your impulses and contribute to the already overpopulated state of our species. I'll choose my own way, unapologetically.
I do! But, uh, maybe explain it for those who don't...
I mean, you've managed to affect me with the thought that you're an ignorant racist, but that's it.
The kkk feels the same.
I'm not equating black identity with extremism. Doesn't change the fact that every ignorant asshole out there feels the same way you do in that their way "works for them". It's the type pervasive dogmatism that keeps people entrenched in their shitty views everywhere, so it's not exactly unique.
Shit man, that's a bleak as hell outlook. But maybe I can't really get it cause I've never really had to fear getting shot for my skin color in a traffic stop. Who knows. For what it's worth, hit me up if you ever want to drunkenly argue over racism or politics. I'm on the west side. I might be white, but promise not to shoot or tase you. That and I make some bomb ass pulled pork.
As someone who is usually the asshole, I can get behind this.
So is meth.
They're usually in the shittiest parts of town though.
Lana: What's your third biggest fear? Archer: Brain aneurysm. Lana: What's a brain aneurysm have to do with walking around in a swamp? Archer: Nothing, it can happen anywhere at anytime, that's what makes it so terrifying.
Without the title I would have guessed Mesa lol
&gt;I haven't had a bloody Mary in awhile I didn't know they existed... Lol
I think the point is that if the goal was to avoid the heat, late evening might be better.
Oh no, I totally get that.
It can be, but plenty of people use their name as a user.
I'm special. I thought it said "I haven't had a *good* bloody mary in a while"
Not sure about him, but I'm at Thomas and 107th. Haven't had an issue in the year we've been in this area, or the 8 years we lived in Goodyear before. In fact, we just moved to a bigger house in the same area (near 107th). Not sure why the blanket "avenues bad" circle-jerk. This city is super pockety with its good and bad neighborhoods no matter what side of town.
Oh yeah, that's definitely a nice area. Right next to EMCC too, which is nice.
Based on what?
If you like her, tell her. It's that simple.
Mine
To be fair, he also listed edx, which is free.
That's about what I made in helpdesk.
I was making about $38k in helpdesk.
I mean, you can always just apply to a 4 year and transfer your credits, can't you?
Oh cool bro, when does your book on how to get friend zoned come out?
&gt;That should tell her enough. Sounds like some friend zone mentality bro, not gonna lie.
Oh geez, lame!
&gt;Being too direct and just spouting "I like you" usually doesn't work. There's more than one way to tell someone you like them without spouting off "I like you". Plenty of room for nuance there. That being said, plenty of people appreciate directness. I'm married now, but when I was dating, if I had talked to the girl a few times and was on a comfortable first name basis, I'd lightly flirt with them, and if they didn't seem instantly put off, or better yet, returned the flirting, I'd go for it and say something along the lines of "You know what, you're cute as hell, wanna grab dinner tomorrow night?" Sometimes they said yes, and I was in, other times they made up an excuse or already had plans, and I'd move on (assuming they didn't suggest another night). There's obviously more than one way to go about it, but I learned through much painful trial and error exactly how to get friend zoned, and being wishy washy, asking to "hang out", and being super indirect by expecting them to pick up your subtle cues is like friend zone 101.
For the man who has done everything...
I mean, that's literally where it was crossposted from, so...
No worries 😊
&gt;APS is garbage and SRP isn’t much better. FTFY
Leyline does though
Same way he broke both arms
Did he say only here in Korea?
&gt;Did they say anything of substance or contrast at all? I mean, did you? All you did was be pedantic in a douchey way. Since when is substance needed to make a comment on reddit? Unbunch your panties, it's gonna be okay.
She's busy
Forbidden starburst
You intentionally being dense or is this honest?
&gt;but my dad decided not to be a dick and let them take it. Nah, your dad decided to be almost insanely generous and let them take it. I don't think it would be a dick move to have it towed after the first day, let alone 6 months.
Modern problems require modern solutions.
They sound like they work in HR...
I mean, to be fair, one probably lucky self diagnosis does not a doctor make. If we told everyone who though they were "pretty good at reading the internet skeptically" to rely on their web MD doctorate instead of coming to the ER when their symptoms match potentially life threatening issues, I think we'd have a lot more needless deaths.
To be fair, both of those things could absolutely be life threatening, especially the shattered bone.
This. I like this.
&gt;It wasn't just luck. When I have made a high confidence diagnosis [which I don't always do] and had it confirmed by a doctor, I haven't yet been wrong. Pretty sure that's what they call confirmation bias. My point is simply that when symptoms are close enough to something more serious that a nurse tells you to go to the ER, erring on the side of caution isn't a bad thing.
&gt;Ya know, I don’t typically like African grays, (I just don’t like how they look usually) ಠ_ಠ
*Actually* this time it's your reading comprehension that needs improvement. They only said what was doable, not if you said it was possible.
30 goddamn dicks
No, I believe it's a parrot.
He's perfect, I love him.
Lol I think my Greys would get jealous anyways 😛
ಠ_ಠ
You da real mvp.
Aww, he looks just like my rainbow chicken! Adorable.
I was gonna say, just sort by controversial lol
It's just not yours.
It's not incorrect. Global average temperatures are rising, but with that comes more volatile weather systems. You're right though, people are just too stupid to understand the difference between weather and climate.
That's not mutually exclusive with global climate change, chief.
&gt;So their behavior has evolved to not even bother. TIL I'm a vulture.
I'm guessing like 30 vultures could do some damage though
Jackal didn't kill that antelope, he was just the first scavenger on site.
It's not even unintentionally giving food as it's a scavenger too. It didn't kill that antelope.
That's a goose...
He just kept the tip.
Also they're wild animals and not really suited to be pets.
ಠ_ಠ
How would you know though?
They have beaks.
Bad anthropomorphism.
We love the scritches more than the ones getting them.
You can pretend that the meaning of the word changed, but it didn't.
&gt;Leftists are always violent. I don't think you understand how logic works.
&gt;He ended up leaving the priesthood a few years after I graduated. Don’t know why Probably didn't like being surrounded by pederasts.
Found the priest.
I mean, you asked.
Better work on that reading comprehension, cupcake. Never said I wasn't violent. Never said I was a leftist either. Just said that you seemed ignorant to how logic works. Thanks for continuing to prove my point.
No, that's a bird
Dependapotomus?
Hello ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Here's the thing...
Yes, you missed the joke lol
Bahahaha that's amazing!
ಠ_ಠ
I prefer to flush my shit. Not sure how one would begin to wash it.
He's just a cat, don't kick him too.
Instructions unclear, electrocuted my cat.
Any community college? Or several state colleges and universities in Utah.
AAAAAHHHHH SO PERFECT!!!..... Ahem... I like baby Greys, it couldn't be helped.
I usually just leave mine in the toilet, but to each their own.
I dunno, I laughed lol
Oh you sweet summer child
Sorry democracy is so inconvenient for you lol
I can't tell if you're saying this because *you* think they're the "wrong* types of Americans, or because you're explaining what less populous places think, or both.
&gt;There are more states than there are cities. So? A thousand pennies aren't worth more than a hundred dollar bill.
Yes, especially babies :)
Eh, once you hit that Balmer's peak, it's all downhill lol
Porque no los dos?
Lol my first thought too. "That word, I don't think it means what you think it means."
LSD does a decent job too, just sayin.
Mine was TheGrapist. Took em three days to make me change it lol
It's all Ogre now.
Then it should be easy to articulate.
&gt;The Onyxia quest starter to kill a bunch of Dragons outside of Morgan's Vigil doesn't become available until 55. Lol no, it's available at 48, derp.
&gt;Cadaverous drops in scholo are also good and not contended by other classes AFAIK, and might be a quicker farm for decent gear. Eh, cadaverous chest is a really good fury warrior drop, as the BIS for fury warrior is a very very rare drop.
I've run it specifically for the chest. Also mira's song quest.
TIL I'm mythical.
No, I agree that people who only raid for their own gear and then bail once they get theirs and tell their guild to kick rocks are garbage players. They're selfish. Obviously not everyone can raid all the time, and that's okay, but if the reason is "I got mine, fuck you" then you're trash. End of story. No, I don't think you're obligated to go above and beyond to gear your teammates. But raiding isn't going above and beyond, it's the fucking game.
&gt;There is nothing grand or laboured in saying you pray, if you don't. You're simply exaggerating. hy·per·bo·le /hīˈpərbəlē/ noun exaggerated statements or claims not meant to be taken literally. It doesn't have to be "grand" or "lauboured" to be hyperbolic. It literally means to exaggerate.
Lol must be. He's awfully verbose for not understanding what hyperbole means.
Yay! Glad to hear the good news!
It's actually a reasonable assumption, given the dumb shit you've commented.
&gt;Trust me, I didn't miss the joke, you missed the joke that I didn't miss the joke. Got it? Or your joke was shit.
Have you tried monkfruit?
Oh strange! That's the one I found works the best for me.
Lol things get crazy when people want that Ony head.
Racist
Did you just discover Google was a thing too? (I kid, I kid)
60% of the time, every time.
&gt;and unlike the US, in Spain they will raid your bank account if you don’t pay. Oh my sweet summer child. If you don't pay your taxes here, they will most certainly raid your bank account. It's called garnishment, or placing a lein on your property.
&gt;I don’t know about this species It's a Green Cheeked Conure, and they definitely can sleep on their sides or even backs. I know cause I have one. She has a little fuzzy hammock thing she sleeps in every night.
I'm sure you were all rank 14 the first week of AV too.
Mediocre.
And yet...
And yet Alliance has 99% of world first kills ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
It's that born on third base thinking you hit a triple feeling lol
Then leave lol
&gt;WF will outscale every buff alliance can give. Do.. you know what I said?
Wow a comment complaining about a post, real 300iq content there champ
&gt;thats what you get rolling a warrior That's an interesting attitude considering the apparent lack of tanks in the game lol
&gt;I've got four epic mounts &gt;People lie so casually Lol
Probably because there are a ton of dps who suck ass at managing their threat.
You are aware of what hyperbole is, correct?
&gt;Knowledgeable Warriors really arent the poor people uninformed folks make them out to be really. FTFY
The juxtaposition of those two just stood out to me. You made a pretty unusual claim of game wealth immediately followed by a statement of how casually people lie. Gave me a laugh is all.
Bud, it's a joke, not a dick, don't take it so hard.
&gt;Damn shits fired... Projectile diarrhea?
I'm sure she she feels the same when she sees you.
33 agility, but still.
Lesbians seem ok
She had one last night ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
It's a joke, not a dick, don't take it so hard. Unless you're his grandma ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Hush you two toed freak.
I'd say definitely get her on a pelleted diet. Doesn't have to be 100% pellets, but definitely get her eating at least some pellets, and throw in seed and fruits/veggies. A diverse diet is best. Then just start incorporating her into your daily life. Pull her out anytime you're home and let her just be in the same room as you. Reading aloud to her is great too, but spending time in the same space where they aren't the focus and can observe you is something I've found Greys really appreciate. If she's already let you scritch her, I'd say you're on a very good path forward. Just keep at it and you'll be best of friends.
Yar
&gt;So made up K. Do you feel better now?
&gt;People hate me for it I'd bet it's your personality people hate you for. The rest is just shit sprinkled on top lol
&gt;was Lol
Lol shitty people have sex. That's not the best indicator. Though somehow I doubt "she" exists, considering the bullshit you've been spewing in here.
Again, it's your personality, not your appearance, that makes you a shitty person. The fact that you'd think otherwise shows a lack of basic reasoning skills. Keep trolling though, 10/10.
&gt;My personality is amazing. Lol Narcissism is a helluva drug. &gt;Bro, your online criticizing someone. Nah, I'm online pointing out what I see, which is plain to me and everyone else BTW. &gt;Bro, seriously. Who has the shitty personality lol. I'd argue you do, if you've been paying attention.
Lol look up how Gordan Ramsey does omelets. Should be on YouTube. A simple French omelet is surprisingly easy to make.
&gt;alt tabbing Lol peasants and their single screens /s
But then he couldn't trigger people who care about stupid shit like this lol
I mean, that makes sense to me. He's spending his gold on what matters.
Lol at "detox". Not sure what juice is gonna do that your liver and kidneys can't. Also lol at "organic". Pseudo-science BS aside, congrats on your loss! IF is definitely the best way I've found for me to lose weight. Good luck going forward!
If she didn't take offense, why should you? Save the butt-hurt for something that matters.
&gt;Whats even the point of classic? If you have to ask, you probably shouldn't be here.
Oh shit, I've got a 48 mage. Would you mind sharing what spec you use to farm them? I'd love to level up faster and get some gold along the way.
&gt;I can go wherever i please. Which is why I said "shouldn't", not "can't". &gt;I’m saying that the concept of gearing other people in a guild that can flop at any time leaving you back at square 1 is garbage. Then it's odd you choose to post in a forum where people do exactly that. &gt;I’m surprised you’re taking time away from your daily gaming addiction to even defend it. And I'm surprised you're taking time away from jerking yourself off to project your insecurities on reddit, but here we are.
Lol you're not wrong
Heh, our second one dropped last night.
I almost got perd blade last night on my dps warrior cause none of the rogues wanted it. We've had several drop, so all the rogues who would need on it have.
Warlock and druid gear are the big ones for us.
I guess.
Lol nice
I'm with you
And his wife?
Lol nah brah
His apparently
Who asks dumb questions?
K
Yes
&gt;Rag has to be done in two days it seems Not if you're geared enough. We just did our second single night MC this week. Also got Rag before submerge.
I mean, you are a horde rogue, what did you expect?
Lol that's fair too
&gt;I don't see how your irrelevant degree is relevant. I'm sorry, but how is a degree in human behavior not relevant to a question about human behavior? I'm not sure you thought that one through.
Lol that's cause Greys are awesome.
&gt;Not the premade part Which is what I meant.
Not my degree, and not sure how studying human behavior is useless. Seems like it could help people like you out a lot.
Blizzard must be looking for a quick cash infusion from transfer fees lol
Are you shitting me? I got a baby grey when she was 5 weeks old and named her Luna too! Lol
Oh my god you're right, they really are 4 years old!
So is yours!
Will do ❤️ Same to yours!
Lol I'm just a jerk and wake em 😂
HE'S PERFECT, OMG.
I can't tell you how much I love his face ❤️
Moo
Lol I think you mean vanilla. Classic is what we are playing now.
I'm being pedantic, but I'm technically correct. The best kind of correct.
&gt;Ignorant people are going to believe what they want. Clearly lol
&gt;What? This guy is talking about random crap Nah, it's pretty relevant. &gt;i have no idea where he is going with it. It shows.
&gt;How is it relevant? This is a classic wow post. Yes and the conversation is about a classic wow player named Armalite, which then led to the common confusion between Armalite and assault rifle when referring to an AR-15, to which you responded that people will remedy their ignorance if they want to (or something to that effect) which brings us back to the guy responding to you that he disagrees with your assessment and the reasons why. I wouldn't think it a difficult string of logic to follow, but I guess that's just me. &gt;Y’all are gonna sit here and talk about education then be a dick. That's my bad, not his. I guess I woke up on the smug prick side of the bed today. Sorry about that!
Make him work for his food :) make foraging toys. Target training can help too.
Actually we do have a place in this subreddit specifically for what he is doing, so not as out of place as you might think 😉 very possible that it's an older person not as acquainted with reddiquette as the rest of us. Edit: after looking at their profile, I'm suspicious as well. Oh well
&gt;every super aggressive cop is like 5'2" Since you seem confused, that's the generalization you made.
I went to too many loud concerts in my youth and now my hearing is shit.
You seem to like the taste of boot.
Ownership is a man made idea. A construct.
But let's be honest, you haven't.
I would die for Pasta.
Conures are an entirely different family of distinct species. These are definitely Lovebirds.
I'm proud of you both! Such an awesome thing to see people who care for these birds take such good care of them! They really are amazing little shits.
Big words for a sheep 😂🐑
&gt;worst handling I've heard the NC1 was way too soft, but they dialed it in on the NC2. My NC2 handles better than my NA did, and on par, if not slightly better than my NB.
Jesus christ, that gave me a chuckle. Beard could definitely use a trim, but OP is killing it on the weight loss.
Good
Now they're laid off because covid. Not sure how that makes your point.
This is my first time ever seeing this and I've been on reddit for 5 years.
Ice Cream Fan Mad
The onus isn't on the customer to ensure the worker is getting paid fairly. That's between the worker and the employer.
Nice false equivalence. If anything I'm saying I advocate living wages. I shouldn't have to feel obligated to supplement a person's wages with a tip because their employer is shitty.
Oh of course, people who agree with your political views are right, and those that don't, just part of the hivemind. What a fascinating little myopic fantasy you've crafted for yourself.
My thoughts exactly!
We get it, you're a five star man.
I just realized how casual of a player I am haha
Yes. Case in point, your comment.
I think you actually sucked Trump's dick so hard that you gave yourself an aneurysm, because this is basically the definition of going "full retard".
&gt;the Greatness Nation to ever exist in all of Human History. Lol oh yeah, what with us ranking like 30th globally in Healthcare and Education. Don't get me wrong, I love this country, but the myth of America exceptionalism is laughable at best.
Yeah, that dude deserves to be in gen pop. A lifetime of lovin from bubba et al.
Considering it says they are filing charges against the cops (something relatively rare to happen) I'd say that's not a likely scenario.
&gt;he was a recluse and a bit of a moody prick sounds like the average teenager, so not too surprising.
Yep haha the wiggles, droopy wings, and little grunts are a dead giveaway. Silly birbs.
I have two. They are very special :)
Yup, exactly this.
&gt;predator I don't think that word means what you think it means.
Fair enough. Also, what the hell happened to your dog?
Poor baby. Thank you for being amazing enough to take care of her! I have a real soft spot for rescue animals.
Oh, I thought they meant the bird's pants 😂
I remember my first mirror too.
