Do you like actually sit and watch it with 100% of your focus? or just have it on in the background while cooking or cleaning or whatever?
/r/outoftheloop
Good
How often do you look at your forehead?
There's a series of books at the library I am in the middle of. All of them have been written in by the same person - he likes to add comments when there's an editing mistake (wrong word, a character is referred to by the wrong title), or he believes there's a plot hole (there isn't). It seems all the comments are meant to show just how smart this anonymous commenter is. I don't like him.
Ours show someone texting with the notification + typing sounds, then someone taking a call and loudly talking, and someone recording a movie with their phone. "Don't do any of these". It says nothing about quietly texting with the screen on, unfortunately.
&gt; I just can't believe that someone would be able to get away with that on more than one occasion. Maybe he went on a bathroom break, cranked one out, saved some on his hand, and rubbed it into the food when he got back
It's the top comment for me, so your comment looks dumb
But it's a grocery store - it's going to be store bought no matter what
This is usually the case with "For every X purchased, Y will be donated to charity". Fine print says "up to $10,000". The company fully intended to donate $10,000 to charity regardless of how many they sell. Now it's just a new way of getting people to buy their product.
Sort by controversial. Same for any thread with 'what do YOU __ but most people ___?' question
&gt; correct the statement I replied to that claimed there’s no analogous engine technology to the ones found in Star Wars It is not being corrected, though. Saying 'the jargon they use to describe these engines are real words' does nothing to describe the tech. &gt; illustrating that existing tech does exist This was not illustrated. Names are meaningless in sci-fi, so the tech itself is important. I wish nothing against you for this comment. I only don't think it's worthy of best-of, because it only appears to answer a very difficult question, it does not actually answer it.
My mom belts out a prayer in like 5 seconds. Something like "Thank you for this food to nourish our bodies so that we may serve in your name, amen"
My wife and I took this a long time ago. It was extremely helpful. Her #1 is 'words of affirmation' and mine is 'acts of service'. She is happy because when she does those little chores, I compliment her, thank her, tell her how much I appreciate these things, and make her feel very loved. I am happy because she very happily does these things for me. When I see her doing something productive with a smile on her face, it makes ME feel very loved.
SO: &lt;pouring out heart and soul, describing personal problems and depression&gt; Me: &lt;looking up from phone&gt; Yeah. One time I got really depressed when the cafeteria ran out of chicken nuggets. It sucked.
Well first of all you can't get a NEW 1997 Dodge Neon.
Freshman year of college was miserable. Lived in a suite with 5 party guys, while I was straight-edge and kept to my studies. I heard lots of parties through headphones while listening to video game music. I cycled through three different roommates because they kept dropping out, and while none were mean to me, they did make it a miserable place to live. End of the year and I get a message from another student out of the blue. There was an in-campus file-sharing network, and I had shared my Arcade emulator+roms, and found a few people to play multiplayer with. One of these people was messaging me, asking me if I had a room lined up for next year. My response was something like "Huh? What are you talking about?" Apparently we were supposed to group ourselves into 6-person suites for housing. If you queue up solo, you get roomed with other solo-queuers. I had missed this vital information somehow. This group's 6th had dropped out, and they wanted to meet me for lunch to see if I'd be a good fit. Sophomore year was fantastic. We'd have big games of Smash brothers every day, we'd play Red Alert against each other over LAN, we got into WoW together. We remain good friends to this day. Pure fucking luck.
Makes you feel like you're in the Truman show, doesn't it?
3 months later, I am exchanging my downvote for an upvote.
Never heard that name before those headlines, I was hoping for some actual information. It's ok, it doesn't matter
Must have been before the first word?
Multiple people have replied with this exact comment. What gives?
Interesting. My face goes beet red once I get in temperatures that cold.
A subreddit banned from /r/all over here. It seems to be just youtube videos complaining about other youtube videos
France really does seem like it has its shit together.
Examples?
Bad guy gets away, followed by a 10-minute trailer of a new series - 'Throne'. Tagline "This time, it's no game". Same old characters, even stupider adventures.
"The holodeck is broken AGIAN!??!" "Computer, end program!... COMPUTER! END PROGRAM!!" "There must be something wrong with the phase decouplers!"
I mean, it doesn't actually tell you anything about what mammals exist, just about how we decided to classify bats
Yes, and then people (like OP and many others in this thread) think the satire is real, and soon people are only circlejerking about memes, and nobody is actually talking about other people.
2-4 years as well. I usually have three pairs in rotation - one everyday (Lucky), one heavier for outdoor work (Wrangler), and one fashionable one I wear like khakis. Each pair lasts 2-4 years depending on use, and when it gets too torn up, they become my dirty-work jeans for painting, etc.
Only if they're true. And then it's the truth that hurts, not the words
Tried this first day at the job. Did not go well
If you spent 10 hours on Customer A, they get to bill Customer A for 10 hours of service work. Even though they didn't pay you for that time.
This same tip has helped me out a ton over my life. I realize I often make decisions for myself based on habits and assumptions, but when I stop and think about a problem, I am very good at being smart about making the 'right' decision.
&gt; You think you're doing well but you're actually not. How common is that? I've never experienced it, nor has people I know, and most reddit posts I see are the exact opposite (being depressed and feeling unworthy even though everything is fine)
That doesn't have much to do with the analogy, does it? In Mario Kart, you think you're doing fine when you're actually crashing into walls. That doesn't correlate to when you're a kid, because 'crashing into walls' means 'doing bad in adult life', and you're not there yet. Plus it doesn't fit 'adulthood in a nutshell'. It doesn't correlate to being an adult, either, because in your situation you KNOW you have it worse. It's just a funny MK memory that they tried to shoehorn into an analogy about life
Did you really learn it? Or just see someone who can do it? Because if you take some rope and try this out on a bucket/vase/whatever for 5 minutes, you *can* learn this and have that knowledge in your head for the rest of your life. If you smile, say 'that's cool', and move to the next reddit link, all you will know is that it's possible
How is a dog like a refrigerator? Because one has paws and the other has ice! Don't like it? It's just a joke!
&gt; What was supposed to happen? What did the awesome schools do? Stretch that first 1/3 to the whole class, assign the work as homework, and keep office hours / in touch with email in case students have questions
I've played lots of FG competitively. I've traveled to more tournaments than I can count. I'm looking forward to this one a lot.
I am pretty lavish with praise. My wife loves it, but it becomes impossible to hide my feelings. "How is the chicken?" "It's pretty good! I like the seasoning on the rice a lot." "Okay. Sorry you don't like the chicken"
Yes, you can, and then months later when it's time to use the skill, how much of the video do you think you will still remember? Skills and memory may work differently for everyone, and it's important to learn how they work for you. But there are very few people on earth who could watch a video, not try it themselves, and still remember the details even a week later.
&gt; how to be vulnerable without feeling dreadful anxiety about it. How does a boxer get over the fear of being punched in the face? &gt; how to stop over thinking. how to stop immediately trusting new people. In a conversation, try to put yourself in the other party's shoes as much as possible. Think about them, talk about their problems, etc. I think what you lack is perspective - your world revolves around you, but you don't have enough control to be okay with that.
This plagued me for most of my life. Every conversation, I would have an intense *need* to prove myself to this person, to prove that I'm smart, I'm good at the topics being discussed. It was all about me me me, and how I look to this other person (who might be a complete stranger I'll never see again). I feel I've finally gotten over it. Part of it was realizing how ridiculous it was, part of it was realizing how counter-intuitive it was when I want something.
I **AM** you, fool!
The scientific community fucked up when assigning the name "non-newtonian". It is perfect for clickbait because it sounds so interesting
I learned this and it's nice. However, laying the shirt out properly takes a few seconds compared to just balling it up and shoving it in the back of the drawer
My wife and I took an uber back from the airpor after our honeymoon. Our driver could **NOT. STOP. TALKING. ABOUT HERSELF**. It was an hour drive, and by the end of it we had learned more about her, her husband, her daughter (who she is so proud of) than I know about people I've known for years. She never even learned why we were at the airport. It was like being driven around by the drunken friend you'd wish would shut up
Bees are like "that wall OPENS?? FUCK!"
&gt; If politicians don't want to hold people accountable, they don't. Which is why the 'people who should be held accountable' are all becoming more closely aligned with politics. The insider advantage is too large
Goddamn that mime has the most disarming smile I've ever seen
Drinking buddies
They act like there's only one correct side to **everything**. Politics, science, culture, opinion, they know that XXX is correct and can't understand how ANYONE could EVER think that YYY could even come close. One or two things, sure, there's a lot of controversial topics and people have strong opinions. But some people seem to just make up their mind once about everything and then hold to that forever.
What about "Professor V.J. Cornucopia's Fantastic Foodmagorium and Great American Steakery"?
Who would win in a fight, Robocop or Terminator. I've argued with people who were so, so, so, so wrong
Ugh.....
"I tell you. The best folk are Hollywood folk" &lt;Hollywood audience applauds&gt;
She's not claiming to be smart. She's just saying she writes too much when she gets started on a topic.
This is commonly posted on reddit, but whenever sources get involved, the data shows otherwise. Do you have a source?
Humans live on intelligence. That takes knowledge, which takes time to develop. We are helpless for years specifically to give us time in the world to experience and learn how to survive. The adaptability means we can learn how to survive in a civilization too. Lions can't do any of that shit. Fuck lions.
Kinda shitty bridge tho
If you sent a friend an invite, they would ask "Why should I use this over facebook?" And there was simply no answer. Yeah, pack up all your social media identity, move it to this platform where nobody else is, and trust me it'll get popular soon
Because the Trump news that hits the front page is always 100% anti-trump, phrased as anti-trump as possible. I don't like the guy. But reddit **IS** an echo chamber. When we sit in the echo chamber agreeing with each other, we're a circlejerk.
Did you respond to the wrong post?
Charlie and Dee in the movie theater enjoying some spaghetti
One time, I ordered an ice cream at a restaurant. It came in a ridiculous margarita glass and it was impossible to eat. The sub is there so I can share that same frustration with others
The Moon
If you get all your news from Reddit, the answer is no.
I don't have any such information. I don't follow politics very much, and I don't voice my opinion often. But I do have strong opinions about information bubbles and the like. So I can say that we have a distorted view of the situation, even though I don't know what the real situation is.
Yes, exactly. Reddit front page now looks a lot like an anti-obama facebook page in 2009.
Sorry. I should have said the default subreddits of reddit - politics, worldnews, etc.
Only because you're pretending I'm trying to say something that I'm not. What did I say that's asinine?
My teenage anxieties are all gone. They were stupid and I'm less stupid now.
No, I expect the front page of reddit to look exactly as it does now - displaying one side of an argument, and inviting people to voice their opinion, where they all agree that the other side is wrong.
**People** prefer to live in an information bubble when presented with controversial topics. Not just the other guys.
No, nothing of the like. I'm trying to remind people that getting your information on reddit gives you a distorted version of reality. People like you choose to misinterpret that as if I'm saying that the information on reddit is all wrong. It's very easy to argue with me that way.
Do you know why they spread that disinformation? It's because it's what the viewers want to see. Why do they want to see it? Because it makes them feel better. If a democratic president/senate/house was the kind of dumpster fire this country is today, you can bet your ass there would be liberal media organizations doing the exact kind of thing as your examples. Not all of them, but some. And some die-hard believers (deniers?) would declare those the only REAL source of news. Just like today. My point is that we don't see headlines based on what's happening. We see headlines based on the kind of narrative we like to see.
Yes. And I'm not worried about my future because I like where I am. I'm not obsessed with impressing women because I have a loving wife. I'm not worried about disappointing my parents because we're all adults, and treat each other like friends. I'm not worried about impressing strangers because I realized that's a toxic thought. I'm not worried about my friends being cool because that never actually meant anything. I have plenty of new worries, of course, but I don't have the same feeling as OP.
You are right. The misinformation that we are getting from previously-respectable mediums is way worse now than anywhere comparable, and reads more like state-run media than free press. I agree the level of severity is way different here than elsewhere. But you must agree that the same trends are present everywhere. People generally like to be told they're right, even if they're wrong, and if a media outlet's revenue is driven by interest, they must value 'not losing subscribers' over 'being completely correct'. Imagine News Station A and News Station B are both pro-candidate, and candidate does something embarrassing. News Station A reports honestly, saying that candidate messed up and hopefully he redeems himself. News Station B reports that candidate was correct in his remarks, and crappy media outlets with an agenda are trying to make him look bad. News Station A will lose viewers to B, and those viewers will double down on their beliefs, now that they feel persecuted. It's human nature. Get a divisive enough topic, and people will feel 100% on one side or the other. Those people seek out a news outlet where they can be told they're 100% correct. People just don't want to hear both sides of a topic.
Did you reply to the wrong post? I never said anything you're accusing me of saying
&gt; When I first heard of how people argued about the "tyranny of the majority" when drafting the Constitution I thought "guess they never really figured one out, huh". When you're met with an idea you don't immediately understand, you assume everyone who believes it must be wrong?
Who is 'life' supposed to be in these comics? Why is the writer always trying to 'beat' him?
I don't care about the subject. I'm talking about your reaction: &gt;I thought "guess they never really figured *that one out, huh". That's the reaction of an arrogant and closed-minded person
https://www.reddit.com/r/comics/comments/7pwq16/except_now_i_pay_bills_and_taxes/dsl4opt/
[Working for the Weekend](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahvSgFHzJIc)
Go to a thrift store and buy something old with all the color/decoration faded. If it's lasted that long, it'll last for you.
"I'm putting you in command of this mission" &lt;tells you exactly what to do at every step&gt;
If I ask a question, and your answer is 'everyone knows', you may as well just not post.
&gt; be polite and patient about it. You’ll get a better outcome from the staff No. Sorry. Being polite and patient often means you are forgotten and your problems don't get solved. If you're rude and belligerent, people will hate you, but your problems **will** be fixed faster. People will continue to be belligerent as long as this works.
Toss em to the side. It's your table
Call at 2:30 PM on a Tuesday &lt;rings 8 times&gt; &lt;slow, wooden script reading&gt; "Hello. You've reached the voice mailbox of XXXXXXX. We are not available at this time. Our business hours at 9-oclock AM to 5-oclock PM, monday through friday. For holiday hours,....." &lt;30 seconds later&gt; "To leave a message, please stay on the line." &lt;click, beep, ring x10&gt; &lt;new voice&gt; "This is XXXXX. All our agents are currently busy. Our business hours are...." &lt;30 seconds later&gt; "detailed message with your name, address, phone number, inquiry, and a time of day you would prefer us to call you" &lt;voicemail tone&gt; then I leave a long detailed voicemail. Nobody calls back.
Does it feel too slow? I get so bored watching anime because so little actually happens over the course of a show
Duck Dynasty. I've seen the merch and clips of it. It looks stupider than anything I could ever come up with
"and I didn't want to write a song... cuz I don't want you thinking that you..." Holy shit dude. Singing a whole song about how you're not obsessed over this girl?
Bad Blood
&gt; What’s funny is that’s probably What's funny is stereotypes? You're just making up a backstory for someone you know nothing about. Stop it.
I have some surplus army gear I wear occasionally. I've never lied about it, but some people may have assumed I was a douchebag just by seeing it
&gt; I still just don't understand how it took so incredibly long to make a sandwich that I could have made myself in less than 5 minutes. "Oops. Dropped the turkey sandwich again" "*Damnit* Bill!"
Auntie Ann's Pretzels. I was charged for a pretzel that I never got.
I have always loved my grandparents dearly. This is just a fun anecdote. I was the youngest of four grandchildren, and we all lived in the same town and went to the same church. At age 16, we all do Confirmation, which is basically a list of chores for the church that confirms you as a member. There's classes, volunteer service, and church service. It's a lot to do, but it's not too bad. When my oldest cousin finished confirmation, my grandparents gave her $100 Two years later, her sister was the second one to finish confirmation. She got earrings with a $50 price tag Two more years and my brother finished. He got a big fat nothing. Two more years and I finish confirmation. That day, my grandparents ask me to come over and help them install a window AC unit.
I do a straightforward brag all the time. "I spend a lot of time practicing this. I'm really good at it." If you try brag without sounding like you're bragging, you appear dishonest and disinterested. If you're proud of yourself, you're honest and passionate.
Tell me stories I have zero context for. "How was your day?" "Ugh. Greg had me on 2nd shift **AGAIN** and Zack wouldn't even listen when I tried to rotate Fridays with him to make up for it"
&gt; If you're aware a girl isn't into hook-ups because she's made it clear before the date was even mentioned, please stop assuming you're just so hot and awesome that she'll sleep with you anyway. A lot of girls say that and then hook up on the first date anyway. Like more than 50% who say it. It sucks for you, but you're blaming the wrong parties.
&gt; But I'm also aware of the fact that it's [current year] and you're now supposed to call them 'Alternatively Gifted' or 'Vegetative Genius' or some shit. You still haven't answered why it makes you an awful person to use the word
Damn, you owned that straw man you made up
Indeed. I argue that if you don't stay ahead of the curve, it doesn't make you a terrible person
You're confusing 'using the wrong word' with 'making fun'
Deciding not to water a plant because it still seems like it has enough water
The dog sounds like the dog from Snatch after it swallows the squeaky toy
I understand and agree. Again, I ask why?
&gt; The world will be a better place as soon as money doesn't dictate how people act What the hell else would money be used for? Every good you purchase exists because people worked to design, create, transport, and sell it. They didn't do that out of the goodness of their hearts, they did it for money.
I didn't think it was depressing. It was sad when the girl died, but she was still surrounded by a sense of love and duty. Life goes on for everyone else. When Worf joined the table with her friends, and they're left to mourn their loss together, it feels very complete.
Neither of our karate moves are anywhere near that sweet
Thundergun it down that storm drain
&gt;I cannot think of a single successful sequel that didn't do this. Sims was notorious for doing this
You told someone he's wrong and then repeated everything he said
Keep it up and you might get a hockey game between those sheets
Did you misread the question?
"Yeah they threw strawberry jam all over my face after they kicked my ass. It was messed up. Come help plz"
She's in the house, which is further than he would have gotten if he had done nothing.
I bought a safety razor and a pack of 50 razor blades years ago and never looked back. Screw the shaving industry, it's full of nonsense you have to buy that gets between you and a functional shave.
Go to LAX with a backpack full of garbage. Leave it in a crowded area and report a suspicious, unattended bag. Mess with roads at night Get into DDOS'ing and bring down popular websites Spill stuff at supermarkets Stand in the doors to the subway so it won't close
No, you're making it worse by eating more food and consuming more energy in your day-to-day life
It's a brilliant formula for Chevrolet - but I think they're beating the hell out of the dead horse already. * Get a bunch of volunteers who want to be in a commercial. Pay them nothing * The volunteers know it's an ad for Chevy, and they want to be on TV, so they overact and give plenty of sound bytes * Chevy can show all these people, and since they weren't prompted, they aren't speaking to the product at all, just to their reactions. They managed to create a whole **SERIES** of commercials around random uninformed people wandering up to their product and saying 'i think it's good'.
I feel like they caused that traffic jam by filming a goddamn commercial on the highway
There's something fun to me about watching an infomercial. You connect with this person in the first two minutes - they have a problem in the kitchen! Their knives don't work! They can't prepare the dinner they want! I want to feel bad, but I know their problems are about to be solved. Any second now, some guy is going to bring along a gadget that makes her so happy, and they're going to use it and talk about it and use it again. It's soothing.
Longer than everyone else apparently
Maybe we do. So what?
Celebrity admiration. "This person represents all of my interests/beliefs very well! And he speaks very intelligently and eloquently about them in a way that I wish I could! And he also is just a likable person!" I imagine it must be like finding an idealized version of yourself making youtube videos, so you see 'be more like this person' as a way to grow as a person. Any time someone attacks the celebrity, they're attacking beliefs that are very important and personal to you, so you lash out.
Clickbait. I opened Microsoft Edge, the new browser Microsoft won't shut up about. The home page is just a huge tile of clickbait articles: You'll never believe these 10 things the Royal Family bought Five things you need to know about your SUV Seven credit cards that generate serious amounts of cash back === It's just ads and garbage. People read this because it gives your brain a sense of fulfillment to 'learn' something, and you click on it because it promises that fulfillment. I hope everyone realizes what garbage it is eventually
Human nature doesn't change
When I had my wisdom teeth out, I was drugged up pretty good on painkillers for about a week, and started Morrowind at the same time.
Awful
And by default it's mindless garbage
Oh, I guess I am hallucinating every time I open Edge. Thanks, idiot
Events worthy of outrage
[CVS2 'Happiness' theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qD8Kj0g7Glc). It's gotten me through some hard times and never fails to put a smile on my face.
1) Keep a dream journal for a week or two. Write down everything you remember about your dreams. You might find a pattern in your dreams. For me, I often saw people in dreams that I hadn't seen for years. 2) Make a 'dream check'. This might be just asking yourself "am I dreaming?", but I find it more helpful to find something that works in a dream but not in real life. Some examples: * Try to pass your hands 'through' each other. In real life they will bump into each other and stop, but these rules are looser in a dream. * Cover your eyes with your hand, but keep your eyes open. Try to see through your hand. This will work in a dream * Hold your nose closed and try to inhale through it Something like that. This is a check you want to perform any time you think you might be dreaming. 3) Start doing this check in real life! This is important, because you need the habit to carry over to your dreams. In my case, when I see someone I haven't seen in a while, I tell myself that this might be a dream (even though I know it's not), and I do my check. It's important to actually *pay attention* to the check - don't just breeze through it. Make sure you really can't move your hands through each other, don't just tap them against each other and be done with it. Soon, every time you reach that common scene in your dreams, you'll perform the check out of habit, and discover - hey! I really AM dreaming!
"Who's in charge here?" "I am" "Not anymore you're not"
They Good, they Bad, and they Ugly Two hideous people duke it out
It's media. Back in the day, if a bad thing happened in one town, it didn't result in the whole nation enacting a new policy to prevent it. Now, everyone hears about it and they feel like it's happening in their own community, so they try to fix it.
1) Probably yes. There are many types of fighting games and they all offer different experiences. DBZF is not 'standard' in many ways, but all crucial fighting game skills (tempo, evaluation, quick judgement) will be important. The game is definitely designed around a low barrier to entry. Just do yourself a favor and when you begin playing online, try not to take your losses too hard. They're opportunities to learn, not an insult to your skill. 2) Inevitably, this game will become unpopular. It might be two years from now, it might be ten years. Most likely, PC players will be the first one to abandon the game. Historically that has been the case. An update that provides cross-platform play would eliminate this problem. If you get very good and start playing in tournaments, it doesn't matter if you practices on PC or PS4 or XBONE. The game is the same, and you can play seamlessly between consoles. 3) All signs point to yes. The developers have experience in Guilty Gear, the pros that have gotten their hands on it have given the type of information we were all hoping for, and the gameplay we've seen has been in line with the competitive side of gaming.
It can be overwhelming to get into fighting games. Try not to tense up when you play, don't focus too much on winning the match, and focus on one thing at a time.
&gt; It's designed solely with fun in mind, whereas the newer sets, being mostly based on other ips, are designed to stay true to the source material, rather than to be fun to play with. I don't know. I impulse bought a moon base set at Target and it has plenty to play with
These captions do not add anything
It doesn't have any data to judge skill at the beginning. Fighting game beginners are matched up against people who have been playing every fighting game for a decade, and it will not be an even match. Just keep playing and you'll get in the right skill group eventually. Try not to get upset at losses.
Time travel? Because otherwise that makes no sense
Maybe she was nervous and wanted to eat a bunch of cheese to calm down
People could make any topic illegal to discuss as long as they say it's a religious topic
Jeez. I did wrestling when I was 12-14. In my mind we were freaking champions, but I now realize we probably looked more like this.
"Awesome!! I love playing 'go away I'm trying to sleep!!'"
Why use lobbies at all? They had to decide to use an inferior system. Execution aside, that does not bode well
It's awful. Either press the button to play offline if you don't want to to play real people, or just mash and curse waiting to get in
Seriously. Did they not take a lesson from every other online game? Making people join arbitrary lobbies is just painfuk
All time highs of what? Adding more rooms does NOT solve the problem.
The problem is that you're divided into 64 player lobbies for no reason. When I try to find a match, I can only search among the 63 other players in my lobby. Why? Why can't I just say "find me a ranked match with a good connection" as soon as the game starts like every other reasonable game?
I wish. It'd crazy that it works this way.
Then don't. There are a lot of ways to get better, and 'better combos' is just one of them. Use the auto-combo and learn other fundamentals. Once you're more comfortable with the mechanics and pace of the game, go back and learn combos. It'll be way easier
I've been playing fighting games my whole life so it's hard not to write too much. Learn the moves of your character really well. Learn what's a good poke at long range, mid range, short range, what moves are unsafe, what moves are good anti-airs, etc. Learn to play strategically. Tag out when on low health, save meter for supers to tag in healthy characters, use dragon rush to force in their weak characters, etc. Get a good defense. When an opponent dragon-rushes from across the screen, you can press down+H on reaction to get a free combo. You're never going to do it **every** time, but are you doing it half the time? Are you getting caught doing unsafe moves? What is beating you? Are you weak against long-range? Short-range? Are you getting out-zoned by a player who seems to control the whole map? Or are you getting rushed down by an offensive character so fast that it seems impossible to defend? Practice different moves in these situations and learn what works and what doesn't. You can still use auto-combo, and if you develop these skills, you can reach a very high level.
Then why did you say 'no'?
No low attacks mean this will not hit someone who is standing guard Hard to hit confirm means if they block, you may not react in time to press something else instead of H. If you have M attack(s) in there, it's much easier.
What about a decent power drill with a titanium bit? It may take a while, but I can't imagine that doing nothing.
I was playing a good set last night, and having a lot of fun with Zamasu. I only thought to start recording shortly before my opponent had to leave, so all I got was two matches. I really like this guy so far.
I played Vegito/Zamasu for about 2 hours last night but I couldn't get anything good out of Vegito. Zamasu is crazy fun and has a lot of synergy with these two. I'm going to be playing this team at my local weekly tonight so I'll have a better understanding of how he feels after that
I love reflecting Goku Black's level 3. You just get one quick 'ping' of the reflect, and then you can walk forward and kill him
yes
Of course it's full of trash
Why do you need a machine to peel an apple? Just get Dee to do it
M is the optimal starter, and it has it's uses, but that doesn't mean you need to go around hitting M all the time. It just means that you need to know combos from every button + special move, and your M ones will do the best damage. You can open up opponents in different ways. If you feel they're going to guard, press dragon rush. If you think they're going to guard low, jump at them. You're missing a lot, but you can't learn everything at once. Do your best to feel comfortable with a wide variety of your characters moves, and learn when to use them before you worry about high damage combos.
No, it's just as annoying.
Yeah, it went on a downward spiral, but when it frontpaged a post which was just a photoshoped picture of Trump to make him look dumb, it died in my book
It perfectly combined the Japanese mentality of "I want to be the best, and I will work endlessly to make that happen" and the universal kid mentality of "I want to quit school and just play with cute monsters all day"
It was something along the lines of: "Some people won't want to be released. They will stay" "Not everyone. Not enough for you [machines] to survive" "We will adapt" "How do we know you will keep your promise?" "What do you think we are... human?" "Oh look, the sunrise"
Always Sunny, what happened to Gary? What happened to "Dylan Tobek"? What happened to the newspaper columnist? I know these are just gags, but I want to see the epilogue
&gt; Man do I wish Trump got cocky and decided to hold a press conference. Why? Seriously, what could happen that hasn't already happened? 1) He'd say something stupid. 2) News channels would pick a side and either say "Here's the latest insanity from our insane president" or "In 2006 a girl was stabbed by a muslim man" 3) Citizens would either share outrage with people who already agree with them, or avoid an awkward political conversation with people who might not agree with them 4) After seeing that nothing really happened, everyone goes back to their responsibilities and diversions
No. I guess it's just less funny and more scary over here.
Processing...
So?
Hey that's my team!
Set your alarm 30 minutes earlier right now. Leave it there. Use the extra time to have a leisurely breakfast. Don't use your phone or read in bed. Bed is for sleeping and banging, nothing else. Wake up on the first iteration of the alarm. Don't snooze. If you have trouble falling asleep, don't eat right before bed. Don't ingest caffeine after 3pm. If you see these rules, and think "Nah, I'm just gonna browse reddit until 2am and get a bad sleep and snooze 5 times again because I'm used to it", then you will be doing that forever.
Surely it's not bad for everyone. This is the advice that helped me get over my poor sleeping habits, I can't guarantee the same results for anyone else.
Getting up earlier isn't an option because you get less sleep, going to bed earlier isn't an option because you get more sleep? If your sleep routine is perfect, then don't change, but if it's not, you are giving contradictory explanations.
I never get claustrophobic in life, but I often have nightmares where I'm trying to navigate a very tight hallway or corner or trying to get through a hole in the floor and my body simply doesn't fit and I get stuck. It's awful.
You're wrong. If you go to bed 30m earlier and wake up 30m earlier, you don't lose any time and won't miss work.
&gt;Time before work is essentially work, that isn't enough time to enjoy any activity, get anything done, it's just a longer version of getting ready for work. This is true for you now, but it will change if you follow my advice. You keep trying to explain something that I already understand. Now try to understand what I'm saying.
&gt; I don't want to lose 30 minutes of good time for 30 of bad time. You're not trying to understand what I'm saying. If you change your mind and want to try, just re-read what I've already said.
I don't have much help there, I'm not great at combos. I do well because of good defense and neutral
I've seen this, it doesn't really trigger anything for me. I'm not claustrophobic in real life, but I guess I've never been in that kind of situation either. I always wake up when I start to feel the sensation of panic or terror in my dreams, but I've never gotten to that point in real life.
Anyone who thinks this has good meter is stupid
Last line: &gt; To anyone who feels overwhelmed by the prospect of taking on student loans — or paying back any debt they've incurred — Horton has a simple message: "I just want them to feel empowered that they can pay if off. If I can do it, anybody can."
I used to go visit my grandparents' house near the beach once or twice a year when I was young. When I was 11 or so, I was playing on the beach like normal, but this time a hermit crab kind of grossed me out. Unusual because I'd play with hermit crabs all the time. And the slimy weird stuff I'd step in in shallow water would gross me out too. The dark parts of the water filled me with a mild sense of dread as I didn't know what I might be stepping in. Suddenly the beach was a lot less fun for me, and it's never gone back since.
I was suffering from debt! I owed over $1000 dollars! It was hopeless, I was at the end of my wits. Then I found $1000 on the side of the road! It just goes to show that there is always a way out, so don't lose hope. If I did it, you can too! You just have to BELIEVE!@
Everyone with any sort of social media presence gets harassed. It's just a way of life. In the old days, you'd read a newspaper to yourself and mutter 'that guy looks like a tool'. Now, you tweet to him 'hey, you look like a tool'. Some celebrities don't want to participate so they opt out of the social media game. I don't blame them.
Broly for sure
I admit I didn't watch the whole thing, and skimmed through, but where? Everything I see that involves a dash jump is when the opponent is blocking, waking up, or coming in from a snapback, none of which are a neutral situation.
Yes, a buff to piccolo would indeed make the character stronger.
&gt; I was told this by a medical professional, not Web MD or Reddit MD Yeah but I read a comment from some guy with the same symptom, and he DOES have asthma, so you should probably believe me
Gotta shoot someone, and children are less likely to shoot back?
This is creepy as hell. I had almost no ability to find that kid among the noise and movement of the pool. If I were drowning, I could die surrounded by people who could have easily helped, but simply didn't know that I was in trouble.
Danny DeVito. It just makes the most sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9IGmu4-YVTc
Oh sweet good thing I take a picture of my car every day
This is how my friend and I got kicked out of the computer lab in high school and were forced to clean all the scanners
A great sentiment for two years ago, but he's president now. What he does is important. It's too late to pretend he doesn't exist and hope he goes away.
I guess it worked
Source?
What's MailChimp?
My gmail account still gets 2-5 emails a day from __FIDELITY_-BANK$ or something of the like, so my response is 'bullshit'
It's fun the first couple of times, but when the shock value wears off, there's no real game or entertainment left over. The game reminds me of a friend who tells a bunch of really edgy jokes, and then goes 'so guys which edge joke did you like the most?'
No. You and the other poster are right, there's probably 100x this many that I never see. I was wrong to call bullshit. Sorry google.
Can you do my computer? I love old emulators and used to play them all the time, but as soon as I realize I'll have to go to some shady site and download roms and emulators and troubleshoot everything, I am overcome with a sense of malaise and do something else.
Information bubbles have made this kind of behavior entirely acceptable. On any platform where you'll never see the 'other' side of an issue (including reddit), it's horrifying how often people will just pile onto the 'wrong' party without knowing all the information. People will say how wrong they are, how stupid they must be, why they are so stupid, sarcastically defend them with facetious claims, etc. It's clear that human nature dictates that when people think they're right, they would much rather be told they're right than to learn more.
What happens when some critter that eats caterpillars comes by? Couldn't it just suck up the whole line like a plate of spaghetti?
Yes, they're right, and this post is garbage. Everyone is making fun of the wrong idiot.
&gt; I always wondered if my dad had some doubts about me the first few months of my life, before my hair turned blonde. In my family, all the children started out with bright blonde hair that turned brown
&gt; Why do people not take their lenses out? After like one night of forgetting to take them out before bed my eyes are killing me! It doesn't hurt for everyone
The only episode of The Office I've seen is the pilot, and I didn't get that vibe at all. All Michael did was create awkward silences and be oblivious to how unfunny he was. Is this still more or less his character throughout the series?
Apologies that your serving of wit wasn't dry enough. Sorry state these days. You might want to try back Monday when we get a fresh shipment.
Not subscribed, I saw this on /all and decided to ask the question. So far I've gotten one yes, one no, and one person who didn't try to answer the question.
This was the answer to some 'think outside the box' brainteaser I read as a child - A man owed the other $50. He held out the money, and said 'here's that money i owe you'. The other party refused. Why? The answer was that they're being robbed. If you read this and said 'well wtf, there could have been a billion answers, maybe the guy was dying, maybe the other guy won the lottery and didn't care any more, how am i supposed to know which conclusion the author was thinking about?', then you can appreciate why I threw that book on the floor.
Yeah
Did you know that if you're smart and unpopular, you might also be unique and edgy?
You're assuming the person is malicious. He could be a good boss who now knows the truth about his employees position, and can use that information to manage more efficiently.
I saw someone with a t-shirt that said "Does it look like I care what you think of me?" The answer was yes. That's what happens when you wear a t-shirt describing your personality.
Do you see this kind of thing exclusively on reddit when people are making fun of the person? Because 90% of the time, it's satire.
A lot of students are new to the city and easy/gullible targets. A beggar in Boston asked my friend for a dollar. My friend said "All I have is a $20, do you have change?" and the guy took the $20 and started praising how much it will help his injured foot and dying mother and sick children and ugly wife and dog with a thorn in its paw, etc. There was nothing for my friend to do except walk away with a valuable lesson.
When calling me to solicit business, they mispronounce the names of towns like Worcester, Chelmsford, Leominster, Needham, or the like.
&gt; She also had this habit of sneaking away and ordering shots after already being blackout. Fucking horrible. Drunk-me is pretty chill, doesn't start shit, and realizes he's too drunk to do/say anything that might have consequences... but if left to his own devices, he always thinks it's a good idea to drink more. He does always respect the mental notes left by sober-me, so I can still limit myself.
That bastard
The Office is a bad show
None. We'd be great. Reproduction would be a problem though.
The dog who knew too much
The way you described it is a very antisocial thing to do. I think sales is a business that can be approached honestly with genuine empathy.
I disagree. I agree with you, but I feel EVEN STRONGER than you about popular opinion.
&gt; So it makes more sense to you, for someone to display something they did, and ask people to discuss it, instead of sharing thoughts on a piece? What does a discussion mean to you?
Maybe they got a tip about you and figured they'd rather scare you out of the business than get involved directly?
That sounds like the climax of a movie that would get blasted for being too unrealistic
My friend and I were at a casino. Neither of us gamble regularly, but I put $20 in the slot machine and pressed buttons until it dwindled down to zero. My friend put a $20 in the machine next to mine and said something like "Let me show you how it's done", spun once, and won $1100. He said something smug and pressed 'cash out' and concluded his gambling lesson. The next day we were walking through the same lobby. I pointed out the machine, and he said something like "I wonder if I can do it again". It took him 3 $1 spins, but he won $700. After this I spent about $60 on the machine and got nothing. Once more on our last day, he decides to play the machine once more and wins a cool $900 in 30 seconds.
It happened a lot in history when humans lived in tribes. I've heard an estimate that over half of all marriages in human history were between first cousins. It's illegal in many states but not all. First cousins is the genetic difference where birth anomalies start to become statistically significant, so most state laws divide on that line.
Awesom-O! Bear mace that guy! And that guy!
Thank you for reaching out to &lt;X&gt; about your concerns. We take all user concerns seriously, especially related to &lt;bad thing we did&gt;. To give you some context, &lt;generic platitudes about why the bad thing is ok&gt; &lt;assurance that we won't do anything to fix it&gt; &lt;assurance that we care about you&gt;
When you find a new way to screw up and need me again
To quote Dee Reynolds: "Half the population loves sucking cock. The other half loves getting their cock sucked. It's a win-win"
O
"I'm old, and I don't know how to do it. You're young, so you must know how to do it"
I don't like it
Cheat days. If your fitness routine involves misery and then 'letting yourself' avoid that misery, you'll never keep to it long term. You need to find a routine that fits in your lifestyle, and work up the discipline to stick to it.
It's a huge flaw in game design to 'punish' you for losing a fight by making you watch a cutscene or repeat a boring part of the game.
It's not limited to Americans, but it is a very unhealthy response that a lot of redditors share. People hear one side of a story, and wish violence upon the 'bad guy' of the story.
That whole movie was a series of ludicrous things happening. They clearly had an idea of Bruce breaking out of prison and saving Gotham, and wrote the movies backwards with that assumption. All the cops get locked in the sewer and Bruce goes broke + paralyzed + unparalyzed senselessly. Bad movie.
"We put the Pea in Nut Butter"
Four of us heading to the basement in 1995 at 9pm with soda, snacks, an SNES with a 4-player adapter, and WWF Raw
This happened to me once! I cut my big toenail short and it started bleeding a little bit, like 1 drop per minute. I put a bandage on it, put pressure, elevated best I could while still playing video games, but it wouldn't stop bleeding after 15-20 minutes. I ended up using the nail clippers to cut a bigger hole in my skin and then it clotted up fine.
My thinking was that whatever clots a wound (platelets?) were too large to make it to the wound - maybe there was a very thin capillairy that was bleeding. So by making it better, I could get some clotting blood in there to clot.
Nothing. Want a sandwich?
It's hard to argue with an idiot with a gun
Put your face in front of a door or wall, so both your eyes see entirely different images. You still see it as one continuous image. It must be the same for prey animals
There's something that feels refreshing about that. Going to prison, losing everything about your life, and just starting a new one somewhere. If I ever go to prison and lose my wife and family and friends, I think I'd enjoy starting over somewhere new.
Who likes flies? You're strange and I don't like you.
Do you have any idea why it didn't clot then?
I already said I don't like you and I'm not going to help you. Insulting me will not win me over. Either repent and admit flies are stupid, or wallow in ignorance
You mistake wisdom for ignorance
Putting effort into designing an NPC = You are creating an NPC to fulfill YOUR needs Inventing one on the fly = You are creating an NPC to fulfill the PLAYERS' needs DM: "A man at the table is stroking his long grey beard and carving a wooden pipe. He introduces himself as Argoff Greybeard, a wizard from a distant town who carries with him a special gift, handed down from his ancestors..." Players: "Ugh how do we get past this idiot and back to our adventures" DM: "You walk into the stable. A, uh.. human man introduces himself - 'Hi, I'm Randy, I sell horses'" Players: "Haha, good ol' Randy, let's see how many horses we can buy"
World War Z (the movie) had several scenes dedicated to Brad Pitt arguing this his family's safety is more important than the survival of the human race.
Only the best
If you tell him "I just need a mental break and I'm trying to stop browsing social media", and he's a reasonable person, and it doesn't interfere with your work, you're good
It's like when your car has a minor problem, like the windows get stuck going up/down, and you say 'screw it ill just get a new car'
Chin up, smile, make eye contact with strangers
She came back to visit and slept with Jim in the sequels, so clearly she's not too upset
So what? In the 90s they told us to make a rap about the pilgrims or whatever we were learning. Kids are stupid and teachers use stupid stuff to connect to kids
Every time I sell something someone pulls this on me. Price is 100. Ok, sure, sounds good, here's 50. The best way to respond is just to act like they brought the wrong item. The $50 may as well not exist, it was never the price, it's never going to be the price. Either you have the $100 and can buy it, or you don't and should leave. People get tripped up because they consider it a price negotiation, and they try to 'win' that negotiation against people who are much better negotiators. They'll defend the price, reason why $50 isn't enough, and give the buyer plenty of space to make his case. Just cut around that bullshit. It's not a negotiation. The price is 100, you don't have 100, so why are you here?
When I was young I memorized a long 24-digit number for just such an occasion. I've searched the web for that number for fun, and never seen anything. So I'd host a webpage with that number and watch my alternate selves come flocking
https://www.amazon.com/Betty-Crocker-BC-2806CB-12-Cup-Coffee/dp/B01FSO09QW/ref=sr_1_4?s=kitchen&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1545152602&amp;sr=1-4&amp;keywords=coffee+maker
In the end, he gave legitimately good advice. You acted more professionally and it helped them comply. Win/win. No malice detected
Be the change you want to see in the world
Small animated gif of me giving a thumbs up playing on a tablet hooked up to a portable solar panel. Then when I'm born I give a thumbs up and bam, I'm the Sun God
Some people want to be on TV that badly
&gt; I think us Americans have trouble with road signs It's hard to read 500 signs while trying to drive among maniacs without dying or being late and listening to my podcast and arguing with my wife and drinking coffee
We ran it through the translator.. it appears they said nothing at all
Maybe. It's hard to separate memory from personality. I picked the number because I liked the look and feel of it, the rhythm of it. I could imagine making the same decision in another lifetime. But you're right that one small grain of sand in the gears, and I come up with a completely different number
&gt; you've got to know you in the wrong side of things You underestimate our ability to convince each other who 'the bad guy' is
Nice try. It's also a fact-check for time traveling versions of myself and clones that include memory. It'll never be spoken in another context
I think I see your point. A person in a powerful position can't just say "My whole industry is corrupt, but that's not my official professional position" without consequence.
&gt; you have to die for them to exist There are a lot of ways for me to encounter alternate selves, not all include me dying
Try driving in a theater parking lot after a Fast and Furious movie comes out
Ever run into a [Hawser](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/88/The_Royal_Navy_during_the_Second_World_War_A16341.jpg)? This guy is going to be ready when a certain cargo ship needs a tow
Women like men who win Oh perfect, a woman who can watch me win at being strong vs this guy. Hey guy you're not strong, I am. Haha. Nice woman. Hi woman.
"But I poop from there" "Not today you don't"
I moved into a house with a bedroom above the oil furnace, and no CO detector in said bedroom. It must have been like playing russian roulette every night
Do you know if short people are more likely to die in a stampede?
Sneeze in their face and laugh
&gt; so I seem fun Drugs make you seem like loads of fun to yourself
Delete, deny, distract
Have the Rolling Stones killed
I use this phrase a lot. Got to the movie theatre and it's sold out? Restaurant closed? Car won't start and I have to scramble to fix it? That's life. Can't complain about living
A tray of 6 undecorated sugar cookies
That is the correct reaction to the phrase in that context
I don't watch streams, but I got a gaming chair because I'm tall and most office chairs don't properly support my back/neck. It's also fantastic being able to configure the armrests in such a way to avoid repetitive stress
Okay? That has nothing to do with what you said and what I replied I'm not arguing with you, you don't have to summon up a bunch of outrage to 'win' here. I'm just commenting on your point
Belch, blow into their face, and ask "whats that smell like to you"
"Ahh man remember that party last night?? Hahaha that was sooo much fun" "Uh, yeah, you were pretty out of it..." "Hahahha don't be such a square man, it's a party!! When's the next one??!"
Probably watching animals eat it
I've always wanted to build a Dyson sphere out of mirrors instead of solar panels
If I stop caring, eventually she will too
Something to get outraged over
Because they have no cares. They just do whatever their leader tells them to do, and they **know** that's the right and perfect course of action no matter what. It's a pretty peaceful way to throw your life in the trash
Did you ever have a friend who would laugh and say "Oh, I was just thinking of a funny story that happened today..." baiting his friends to ask? The internet rewards that kind of behavior very well, as you describe
That's not too different from how we use the word 'yeah' in English.
The person in front of me would always lean left and right and shift around, forcing ME to shift around and worry about the person behind me
You sound like a character on a sitcom
Are you being serious or sarcastic? This reads like a 12 year old's tumblr post
It's not a documentary
&gt; If the police are arresting you, wouldn’t this be a natural reaction for a dog? How does a dog owner prevent this from happening? You need to be in command of your dog. A dog doesn't know the difference between a mugger and a policeman. That means the dog can't be in charge of deciding how to react. The owner would need to tell the dog to stay and the dog needs to respect that. The owner should remain calm to prevent the dog from doing something stupid. That being said, it's possible that the cops came upon this very situation, acted inappropriately, the owner wasn't able to remain calm (like if you're getting beaten by batons), and the dog reacted. I'm not trying to assign any blame in this case. I'm just trying to answer the question. If you're sitting with your dog and someone approaches you, and your dog leaps in front of you and starts barking at them no matter what you do to try to stop him, you are not in command of your dog and have no ability to prevent your dog from turning an encounter violent.
You don't need to speak to obey
Ignorance of what? There are a thousand possibilities of how this situation went down where the cop was at fault, and a thousand possibilities where the boy was at fault. I'm not claiming any of them as more likely than another. I'm explaining how you avoid getting your dog shot. Train your dog to be obedient at all times, and remain calm and in control during the encounter.
Can you control your dog with commands when he's excited? Like if he saw another dog 10 feet away, and you told him to sit, would he sit or would he be pulling at your leash?
Fuck my logic? You're restating what I said
Of course it is. It's a situation where many normally obedient dogs get excited and stop listening to its owner. That's my point.
Right. Good conversation.
No, I just made up a possibility
I'm not commenting on this situation
Nobody likes to hear it, but if this happens and you aren't able to rectify the situation, it's your fault. In any job you need to learn how to cover your ass.
High school graduation. Did my part and took my photo. Goodbye everyone and everything I've disliked for the last 4 years.
There's no job where you're immune to being stabbed in the back
So she complimented herself for being so gracious?
"Worst part about a guy dying is that I have a regret"
It's bad
Maybe Austin was a bad example. I was there recently and it was way more grid-like than Boston, so it was my go-to example. Plus it rhymes.
Knowing what toilets over there are like, it amazes me too. Our stalls are terrible. A few people have commented that some restaurants are building good stalls, so it's possible it will start to catch on.
It's better than most US cities. Many people at your university from out of state probably lived with a functioning public transit system for the first time in Boston
Powdered wigs
&gt; The company announced that they believed attending the seminars was furthering our knowledge, therefore helping the company, and therefore helping us, so we would no longer be paid to attend them but were still expected to go? Do.. they not understand how employment works? "We just realized, when you're writing code and doing your job, it's very good for the company, which is good for you, and therefore you will no longer be paid"
Have you tried keeping a journal? Once you write something down, you don't need to keep it in your head so much. You can decide whether or not to act on it, you can move on with your thoughts, and this is no longer hanging over your head blocking you from more productive lines of thinking.
Bring in my dog and make him sad
Bait out their assist and attack while they're unavailable
"Most of my neutral is superdash + yamcha or sitting fullscreen and throwing projectiles waiting to punish a bad decision from the opponent. " Would this ever work against a good player? The answer is no. You lack fundamentals.
Pick your moves based on what you think will work, not what you want to work. SD+Yamcha just screams "I want to hit you but I don't have any good ideas". You're doing a thing and hoping it works out for you. Good players just don't work that way, and good players will disassemble your game once they understand how you are playing. You need to look closely at what they're doing. Are they feinting and calling an assist? When he runs away, is he going to shoot a beam? Ki blasts into superdash? Are you not sure? Choose your option based on how much you know, what you think they'll do, and what you think will work. You cannot just pick from a list of 'options that are good' every time you attack. You will stay mediocre forever.
Something you have no interest in, once you find out they'll be there, you find a reason to go
Spacing is much more important in this game than the games you listed. Why? Because throwing out an attack that your opponent blocks is a victory. You don't want the opponent to touch you when he's attacking. This also makes mobility very important. Jumping, dashing, and air dashing are the big ones, and they can all be interrupted. So be careful trying to be mobile when you're in danger of being hit. Weak projectiles beat mobility, but lose to strong projectiles and SD, and can be punished on whiff. Strong projectiles beat SD, but lose to a lot of fast moves, and can be punished on whiff. 2H beats pretty much anything from the air. Reflect is like a DP Lite. Works great if they're attacking, whiffs and kills you if they wait. Reflect loses to throw too. There's much more minutae, but this covers the big picture.
https://youtu.be/23GBuxgFNg4?t=33
Cool, you tricked someone into replying to you. Is that all?
You look like Brian McElhaney. Definitely attractive. Shave the mustache and learn some social skills.
I think you shouldn't. Whatever joy awaits you somewhere in the future, the version of you experiencing that joy thinks you shouldn't. You know what I do when I feel that way? Try to trace back your negative feelings. Trace them back far enough, and there's some bit of positivity trying to get out. I'm fretting while trying to sleep. Why? Because I was at a party and everyone there hates me now. Why does that matter? Because they're my only friends and they don't have any respect for me. Why is that important? Because I want having friends that respect me. Why? Because I feel comfortable when the people around me show respect. There's the positivity. That's something I like, something I crave, something I've been denied. Is it my fault? Is it unfixable? Don't ask those questions yet. Just reflect on the thought. I like feeling respected. I've found that the negative feelings get a lot more manageable when I can break them down like this. Maybe it will work for you too.
Some people are dumb
I find it hard to execute on plans. I make a plan to go to the hardware store and get wood putty to repair a hole in the wall. After work, I start to drive toward the hardware store, and I'll just say "fuck it" and go home and play video games. The same kind of thing happens fairly often. Something's not that important and nobody's making me do it.. so I don't do it. Even if it's a little, excusable thing, these things piles up and I end up feeling like I'm failing at the day-to-day life of being an adult.
Company lawyer describes the most legally defensible position Manager defers entirely to the lawyer out of fear
The point is that you may want a car that's new, as in it hasn't been used and abused by another driver.
It's a rare condition, this day and age, to read any good news on the newspaper page. Love and tradition of the grand design, some people say it's even harder to find. Well then there must be some magic clue inside these gentle walls Cause all I see is a tower of dreams real love burstin' out of every seam. As days go by, we're gonna fill our house with happiness. The moon may cry, but we'll smother the blues with tenderness. When days go by, there's room for you, room for me, for gentle hearts an opportunity. As days go by, it's the bigger love of the family.
My identity was reduced to 'some guy who lives in a place'. I truly felt like an adult
One time some friends and I went to Atlantic City. We split a hotel, and came up with a rule that the person who was down the most money had to sleep on the floor. The first day there, we went to the beach before gambling. Someone got hit by a wave and lost his new, $500 glasses. The consensus ruled that he was technically down $500, and he slept on the floor the whole weekend.
You don't know that it collapsed while running. It may have just slowed down, owner pulled over to let him rest, and doggo laid down to rest and cool off.
Didn't you read? It's looks like the type used in school. Therefore it did not fall off a boat. /s
&gt; playing on his sensitivities to get relocated etc... I don't get this feel. I assume you're referring to when she claimed gunshots in her neighborhood. What I took from it was that she was scared, she didn't like the neighborhood, and she thought it was a bad environment for the kid. Mike's reaction was basically, fuck it, these shady dealings are giving me plenty of money, and I can buy peace of mind for her and my granddaughter, so he indulged her and helped her move.
It's probably a bot farming karma so it can evade bans for longer when it inevitably begins sowing targeted misinformation
&gt; both things have advantages What's the advantage of this iris?
"I'm not like all the other &lt;blank&gt;s" Translation: I learn one thing about somebody and decide I know everything about them
Thanks.
It used to be something you'd see occasionally in NH, but now I see at least one pile of beads/clothes at every ski lift at all the mountains I go to.
Since when does this happen by accident?
A paper cup full of delicious, piping hot chicken noodle soup. Thirsty? Drink some broth. Hungry? Eat some soup. Tired? Eat some soup. Being robbed? Throw hot soup in his face. Lost? Leave a trail of cups of soup. Forgot to bring lunch? Summon some soup.
Not ugly. If you want to look better, the features you should work on are your eyebrows and the bags under your eyes. You also have the same expression in all the photos - relaxed eyes with neutral, slightly pursed lips. If you're trying to smile, you're not using the right facial muscles. These are all very solvable problems.
You're welcome! I wish that I was as well-spoken and polite when I was 18 as you seem to be.
What about St Anger when the broken snare drum became the loudest instrument on every track?
Why are we destroying the planet? Nobody really wants to, but habits are hard to change.
I was hanging out with my friends at a middle school dance. We kept weaving through the room, like we were looking for someone, but I wasn't sure what so I just followed. Eventually I realized they were trying to lose me.
Because it's easier than confrontation
Talk to him. Ask him what he's doing when he plays. Why does he like the game? What skills are he learning?
So take the step. Confront her. Tell her (or text her) that she seems to be more distant and less interested in you. Ask if she wants to keep seeing you, or if she'd rather move on. Don't just wait and see what happens. Be an active participant in this relationship.
It sounds like you've already decided. The only thing left to do is to do it.
Don't apologize, don't make excuses, don't look for things to blame. Just be upfront and ask the question that you want to ask.
Blood
Of course this is satire. If you honestly can't tell, you either have brain damage or need to spend less time browsing this sort of thing.
It's probably because you like the horror genre, but you can tell when things are being written to fill out the season, or the story is being kept alive by the producers, etc.
The Olympic Triple Jump becomes a lot more complicated
Snatch
I planted dwarf white clover all over my yard instead of grass. Holds up just fine to light/moderate use, and never needs mowing.
Then you report to the manager "The security guard seems to be drunk and won't let me in"
That "One hundred and fifty" is written as 150, not 10050. I was there to teach him math. He did not believe me and rejected everything I said
That is a dog full of energy, ready to do some zoomies
He's antsy, full of energy, probably just wants to get out and run
These are the 3 that you should teach someone, and make them repeat before you let them touch a gun
&gt; when I came home, I was saying extremely cryptic shit and was incoherent. I said things like “This room is a dark number.” (???) No idea what that means AT ALL. Follow a statement like this with 3 minutes of laughter, and you have me after two drinks
Curly hair. "I wish I had your curls!"
Porn stars and Traffic wardens
Yeah. The only thing amazing about it is that they didn't get bored while trying this.
If the secret code phrase were two coughs, and the reply was a clearing of the throat, it wouldn't be obvious enough.
Me: Stop picking little pointless fights you know you can win in order to look smart. Him: You are lamer than I ever could have imagined
The most depressing thing about your face is the expression on it. You look like you're miserable. Whether you are or not, that's the first thing you should work on. You do have a baby face, but not enough to be unattractive. You could add a lot of integrity with a better haircut and by building some muscle in the shoulders/neck/face.
You look like a fashion model
Keeping clean an organized the place you live
Budgeting
It's really hard to tell. With glasses, there's no substitute to going out with a friend and trying on 500 different frames until you find one you love. If you do the same style, except smaller and higher up on your face, you'd look a lot like Anne Hathaway. If you go smaller and boxier, you'd look something like Jodie Foster. Whatever you pick, the shape of the face you present is going to change, so make sure you pick a hairstyle that fits your new look.
Wrong
Source?
"just tell me what to write and I'll write it. Okay, harry potter, got it, I'll write harry potter."
Being attractive makes you more likable. I'm sure you know this already.
You have the look of a 17 year old who's still growing into her body. Since you're 26 this doesn't look great. Not ugly, but not quite attractive. Fortunately, you've got good bone structure and pleasant features, so with a bit of work you can become much more attractive. Skincare. I don't know how much work you put into skin care, but consider doing more. Your skin has blemishes and looks oily. You probably lost the war with acne in your teens and never tried to reclaim your face. Makeup, especially eye liner, would help you out a bunch. Expression. Overall your expression looks like you're putting a lot of energy into smiling, but you're nervous and self-conscious about it. I honestly can't tell if your eyebrows normally look like this, or if you're purposefully pushing them up in each of your photos. If it's the latter, consider not doing that. Your lips also stay very close to your teeth while smiling. I know nobody likes to be criticized on their smile, so I'm sorry if this is unpleasant to hear. Look in a mirror and try to give a genuine, happy smile, and take note of what your face is doing. You can practice this and improve your face tremendously. Glasses. Your glasses shrink the profile of your eyes, and give your head an apparent peanut shape. Consider rounder frames. Your face is a little chubby, which is giving you jowls. It gives your face a 'cute and young' look, but eventually you're going to have to put that look away and work toward being a beautiful woman, not a cute girl. Everyone wears fat differently, so it's impossible for me to know if losing weight will impact your face. If you're overweight, then it probably will, so you should try. Overall, you are not unattractive. You look cute, nervous, and a little awkward, but not ugly. Follow through on your strengths and work on whichever weaknesses you choose.
9/10. Whatever you've done has worked, great job! Long and short hair both look great. Photo 3 will probably get the most girls.
Are you attracted to girls? Can you honestly say that if a beautiful girl shyly came to you and asked for help with something, and a butt-ugly girl did the same, you'd react exactly the same? I seriously doubt it. Attractive people get treated better by everyone. Forever. You don't like it, you think it's unfair, but it's reality. Accept it.
First, your eyes are very high up on your head. When you take photos from a low angle, it exaggerates this feature, so don't do that. Slouching can do the same thing, so watch your posture. Hairstyle, I'm torn. On one hand you look a lot like Vinnie Jones, and he wears that same style. But the hairstyle + facial hair frame your face in a very unflattering way. I think you'd look 10x better if you buzzed the top of your head as close as the sides, and shaved the facial hair. If you want to go more toward that Vinnie Jones look, there's one serious thing you lack that you need to work on - muscle. If you made some serious effort, you'd see results in your chest, shoulders, neck, and face. Skin, you either need to upgrade your skincare, or stop giving yourself razor burn when you shave, I can't tell which it is. If it's the latter, get a safety razor and some sharp blades, take your time shaving, and moisturize afterwards. If it's skincare, do your research and start working on it right away. Clothes, you're 31 and you want people to like you when they look at you. You need to do better than t-shirts. Not only is it unflattering, but it screams "I am not trying to look good". You're not ugly, you have a lot to work with. You also have a lot to work on if you want to be attractive. You say it bothers you how people see you. You can fix it. Step up your game.
You're not actually thinking about the question, you're just giving the response that you wish were true.
Not ugly. Awkward and bad haircut.
I got my hair cut once at Supercuts when I was young. The kids and teachers all assumed I tried to cut it myself and wouldn't believe the truth.
Some people just suck at running a business. They say "If we move to cheaper ingredients we will save money" and make the decision outright. When things go wrong they find something to blame instead of considering that they made a mistake.
Can't see anything - take photos with better lighting!
Take photos from higher up and farther away. Nobody looks flattering scowling at the camera right in front of their nose.
OP wants free smut
Make a list of everything you don't like about yourself. Read through the list and accept these things about yourself until they don't give you an emotional reaction. Next to each one, write down what advice you'd give if a friend told you they had that problem. Every week, pick one of those lines and one of those pieces of advice, and actually try to follow through on it throughout the week. Congratulations. You're doing better in life than 95% of people.
Here comes the Sun. I think everyone would chill out a little bit
I'm sure at some point it doesn't feel like someone else's property, it's just "the place we go to get our food". If the owner just peers out his window with silent judgement, they're never going to realize that they're disrespecting someone else's property.
It's a thread about assholes. What did you expect?
There's a book Possum Living about how to live on as little as possible
Clearly someone did mention it, because you're replying
Redaction accepted. You have been refunded 1 internet point.
Cutting the hair definitely makes you look older. You look 30, not 20. That's not necessarily a bad thing, because you're a good looking guy with the bald head. In your photo, you're wearing a very ill-fitting shirt, which doesn't help your appearance. If you dress a little snappier, you'll be the best looking 30 year old on the block.
Hard to tell without any body photos. If you've got a decent amount of muscle, then a well-fitting button-up shirt or polo shirt will look perfect. /r/malefashionadvice would be able to help you more than me with the details.
Gamon
&gt; the onus on it, and it being at the time, as now, overly obsessed about from within and without. What?
It sounds like you misunderstood the book. The book is about what both of them do to reduce their daily expenses to almost zero. Not about what she specifically did to avoid working.
Or... everyone knows that, nobody is shitting on her, and you think you're smarter than everyone else for some reason?
I have a coworker who does this. He'll explain to me a problem, and I'll start to explain the solution. His attention wanders - he wants to talk about the things he tried that didn't work. Then he wants to talk about the things he thought about trying that probably wouldn't work. I interrupt and repeat the tried and true, genuine solution to his problems, and he just blips out 2 seconds into the explanation and begins queuing his next irrelevant statement. Truly, he doesn't want an answer, he just wants someone to listen to him complain. But fuck that, I'm not his girlfriend, I'm a coworker.
When people seem to have a core inability to agree with you; everything they say has to be a correction or argument. "We haven't been there in about a year" "Ah, not exactly, we were there last May, so it's actually been just over 13 months" "I think I'm going to get this laptop, it seems like the fastest" "Well, not exactly. There's a lot of things that can slow down a laptop, even if it has a higher processor speed" "We'll be there in 10 minutes, plus traffic" "No way, you'll never get there in 10 minutes at this time of day, there's always an accident or traffic jam on the bridge slowing everything down" If they're ever wrong, the only thing out of their mouths is a variation of "well usually I'm right"
Body Dysmorphia? You look great, your hairline is fine, and you and have no need for plastic surgery
OP was doing the same thing as the (shitty) parents - taking the path of least resistance instead of addressing any real problems.
Are you sure you didn't just resent the fact that she was better than you?
I backed into a parked car with nobody in sight. I left a note with my contact info. I get a call from an irate owner + parking lot attendant who tell me I committed a hit and run, and they've called the cops. I'm not sure what they think happened. I backed into the car, laughed maniacally and drove off, accidentally leaving a note with my contact info?
You accelerated from a stop sign into the path of a moving truck. You thought nobody was there, but you were wrong. The police/insurance determined it was your fault. What's the part that wasn't your fault? What's the good deed that got punished?
I've watched this video a billion times and I never noticed the dogs
A t-shirt that says you don't care what anyone thinks about you
Your face shaped up great with the loss of weight. Great job, your hard work definitely paid off
Go to pornhub and watch timestop porn
Deserved
I don't think you know what a lawyer is.
Lawyers are not judges. Their job is to advocate for their client within the confines of the law, because the law can be a tricky place for anyone to navigate. What you're imagining is a world where lawyers say "my client is doing a bad thing, I'm not going to defend him". There would be no effective legal system because nobody would get a fair trial. Lawyers have already decided who is guilty and who is not.
Big Baseball is going to come break his kneecaps
It was good, but then they kept dipping into the same exact well in future episodes, and it lost its charm.
Being trapped in a small, uncomfortable room, too narrow to sit down, and the ceiling is too high to stand comfortably. You constantly feel the need to stretch your limbs but it's impossible. The air is hot and humid and you're constantly out of breath. There's no food, no water, and the only noise is a baby alternating between screeching and crying. And yet I still fly economy
free money
He/she likes attention. Or you misread playful flirtation as rejection
Draw it on the back of your hand
The host first reveals a curtain with nothing behind it, then asks you if you want to change to the one he didn't reveal. This changes things dramatically, since your original door still had a 1/3 chance of being right, and there's only one other option, which now has 2/3.
When someone dies, not everyone is somber. Someone who isn't sad and wants attention will post things they know will get attention.
Negative thinking. It sounds cheesy, but when all your brainpower goes toward 'i should have done this' 'i don't have this' 'i can't do this', you will be negative no matter what your status in life is.
Read a Dale Carnegie book. It's like a manual on how to interact with people
Because it's measurable. Being friendly, capable, knowledgeable is not measurable. Your management has decided not to use any brainpower in evaluating workers, and instead just rely on the metrics they are capable of measuring.
Many facets of our society favor someone who can focus entirely on maximizing a single value, at the detriment of literally everyone else. For example, maximizing the profit of your company at the detriment of worker's health, the environment, product quality, etc. These people rise in power and social status. The ambitious ones even more so. We are left with a ruling class of psychopaths.
You couldn't live with it, because you have shame, social responsibility, fear of failure, love for your fellow man, etc. Some people don't have these things. They just act and don't think about the consequences. These people are often rewarded for doing so.
What should it have? Images of fondant cake with "I don't like this"?
Thinking too much about it is what makes you creepy. If you were just walking and didn't gaf, creepy wouldn't enter anyone's brain
YTA. You're protecting your own feelings and comfort at the expense of your wife's well-being.
I would think "He has done literally zero work" would be a pretty easy reason to fire someone
Time
What a dumb question. "Name a short video game"
Nor I. It's like buying women's clothing. It's not for me, and that fact is obvious to anyone who happens to notice. There's literally no reason to feel embarrassed.
&gt; before it went bad Be honest, there were some real stinkers in the last few seasons.
I didn't learn to do dishes until I lived on my own. My parents weren't helicopters, they just didn't make me do household chores. It didn't mess me up, there are plenty of other college freshmen learning to do laundry / wash dishes / stay alive on their own
When he cuts down the tree and rents the wood chipper... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPIfqrhgwE4
When he starts up his pirate radio station. He's out for a drive, and he gets pulled over for running a stop sign. A new stop sign that was just put in, thanks to the country club down the street. Cut to Hal ranting furiously on his radio station about that stop sign, decleration of war, etc
Equifax. They collected all our personal information without anyone's consent, lost it all to hackers, and behaved like a selfish psycopath when they found out.
You?
There's a buffet with a wide array of delicious foods, but every tray is almost empty and has been sitting around for a while
Then why ask that question?
"I'm going to look so beautiful!"
Gotta have that gameboy feel
NTA. They believe that a babysitter should cost $15/hour, which might be reasonable and true. That doesn't mean they get to choose a person and demand them to work for that rate. Can I just go to the grocery store, pick someone who looks like a good chef, and demand they cook my thanksgiving dinner at a rate I'm used to paying? No.
"Should the 'you had to be there' moments be based on content going away?" Is the answer 'yes' or 'no'? Your details are certainly valuable points when it comes to your opinion on what's a good idea or bad idea, but what I'm talking about is the question. Did you achieve some sort of moment in content that is now gone. Your answer seems to be 'yes'.
Step 1) Eliminate the uneccesary information. It doesn't matter that Steve had been partying all night and got into an argument with a butler and then lost his pants and that's why we didn't have the keys. The story starts with Steve forgetting his keys, stick with that. Step 2) Set the stage properly. Let your audience live in the moment. It was a cool night with a full moon, the highway breakdown lane was narrow so you were huddled together like war refugees, it smelled like exhaust and you kept stepping on discarded liquor bottles, you all felt the smelly air rush past you whenever a truck passed by. Really let your story breathe at this point, don't just rush through the details. Step 3) Find the climax of your story and milk it. You could hear the thumping bass from a quarter mile away. It grew louder as the car slowly, slowly approached. There were barriers on both sides of the highway and escape was impossible. A brief panicked discussion broke out while the car slowly approached, and you all agreed that you're completely at the mercy of this car. Step 4) Really sell the climax. Some people state what happened quickly and briefly, like they just want to rush through the story because they're sick of telling it. Some bust out laughing and can't even describe what happened, saying things like 'you had to be there'. Take them there! Wave your hands around! Imitate Nick's panicked voice trying to reason with the gangsters! If something surprising happened, make a sudden gesture to surprise your audience! Step 5) Once the climax is over, people are still listening. Tie up your loose ends and cleanly dismount your story. Don't summarize with "Yeah, it was a pretty crazy night I guess, all things considered". The police gave you a ride home, you told your parents you fell asleep under a tree, Steve got his keys in the mail 2 weeks after he changed all his locks, and you all learned absolutely nothing. The end. Step 6) When your story is over, stop talking. Don't keep bringing up points trying to emphasize something. "Seriously, though, it was the BIGGEST guy you've ever seen. Like that guy in football back in high school? Like even bigger than him. Seriously. And I can't believe we had no plan before that. " No, be quiet. You told your story, let people use their imagination or ask any pertinent questions. Don't keep talking just because people are listening
I do, and it's something I work on. It's much easier to state the lessons than apply them, of course, so it always takes work.
&gt; You're not talking about the question. You're trying to be pedantic because you wrongly think it makes you look smart It's wrong to assume why because you don't understand what I'm saying. I tried to understand what you're saying by summarizing your point and opening it to discussion. Your response is to tell me that I'm telling you what your opinion is, and shut down any discussion. So keep your opinions. There's obviously no discussion to be had here.
So if the world around you isn't currently stimulating, there's absolutely no reason you shouldn't distract yourself from it?
I'm not shaming you, I'm just asking if I understand you correctly
OK. I would like to warn you, though, that it's a dangerous habit to always seek out some instant gratification when you're a little bored. Being able to listen to a boring lecture or stay alert as you wait for something to happen are valuable skills that you could be neglecting. That's not to say your phone activity isn't ever important, but sometimes it's not, we distract ourselves because we seek some sort of instant stimulation.
A lot of the episode seemed to exist for poking fun at Dnd nerds who use the game as a way to express all their repressed sexuality. Which, OK makes sense, but it's just not very funny
Yes. Protein and fat help a lot. Drink lots of juice and water at the same time.
It is
People are getting dumber
Of course you've seen other types of trolling. Everyone has. You, however, have taken the step of assuming that everyone trolling is covering their stupidity. You've closed your mind to the possibility that other types of trolls exist, and every time you see a troll you make the same assumption. That assumption reinforces your position, and makes sure you'll keep making the assumption every time.
I am making a sound argument. It's called confirmation bias. You're avoiding it by assuming that I'm a stupid troll. It sounds like you've been winning a lot of arguments with this tactic.
Look at the basis here. A world map where people were asked to pick out Iran. Some people picked the middle of US, or the middle of the ocean. Someone proposed the idea that some people are just trolling here, they don't actually think it's in the ocean, they just picked something they thought would be funny. You replied that these people who thought it would be funny, they're doing that because they actually have no idea where Iran is, and if they didn't pick the ocean they'd pick somewhere like Ohio. &gt;that same 25% are people who would have picked Colorado instead of Ohio because they're such idiots they don't realize So, I'm not asking you to look into a troll's heart and ask why they troll. I'm telling you that if you continue to believe that everyone who trolls is just as stupid as your assumption here, you're going to have a very distorted view of the world.
We haven't talked at all about what I believe, so don't try to move the conversation there. I'm talking about this one assumption of yours and nothing else. The assumption is that this type of person [knows where Iran is, selects middle of the ocean in an anonymous poll] does not exist. Anyone who seems to be this type of person is only claiming to be this type of person to mask their own stupidity. Your evidence is that everyone you've witnessed trolling has been just masking their own stupidity. Do you see the circular logic here? You should. In either case, you can introspect or you can reject, the choice is with you. Rejecting is a lot easier.
I'm pretty sure everything you said in your last post was incorrect. &gt; that most means not all. &gt; that same 25% are people who would have picked Colorado instead of Ohio because they're such idiots = all &gt;We did discuss what you believe, you brought it up when you were contrary I did not &gt; I didn't project what you're belief is I posited one possibility for what you believe and what that means. Positing a possibility and attributing it as my opinion is an assumption. Projection is your word, I didn't use it. &gt;pretend to be by googling logic fallacies Nope, using my brain &gt;You are doing exactly as I suggested Opposite &gt; you're doing the very thing I said most trolls do Back to your original assumption, supported by your unwillingness to venture outside that assumption
The report details losses in the billions of dollars and millions of lives. There's a huge gap between that and 'the earth is not livable'
Livable in our current way of life? Hell no. But solar power, LED-grown hydroponic food, climate controlled living space, and humans will keep on trucking long past the point all other life dies
Wealthy humans can
Maurice Levy. I hate the guy but he would definitely get me off
&gt; General rule for one shots ... it cuts. Unfortunately true. There's always a trick
By 'literally impossible' you mean 'difficult'
On a high level, they don't make you feel anything. Any time you interact with them, you look forward to when the conversation is over, and then you forget everything about them because it was all meaningless. You ask them how they're doing and you get a polite "Good, you?". They tell a story in a bored tone about a mundane activity. In a group conversation, they put no passion into their words, and they don't contribute in a meaningful way. More subtle, you talk to them and you don't feel like they really listened. Tell them you got a new dog: "Yeah, that's pretty crazy, I had a dog once and it was named Sandy" followed by a blank stare. Okay, that's great, why am I talking to you again?
I've got a friend who is fun to hang around with, but at any given opportunity he will start talking about his job in intricate detail. The job isn't interesting at all - he's managing a project for software for an insurance company, but it's important to him so he assumes it's important to everyone else. Yeah, there was a project last week that almost didn't get done and then it did get done, great 5 minute story.
Frantic multitasking. I have a great sense of timing and managing multiple things, and I can spend 2 hours on several tasks that all get done with perfect timing and accuracy. But boy, it is very draining.
Just cancel your subscription. It's been going downhill for a while
People are angry that they didn't get the sick clip play they wanted, and they just want to try again and reach for that high. They're playing the game like candy crush, making random moves and hoping it's this time everything works out
I want to print my photos out on nice glossy paper so I can keep a physical photo album. Is it better to use a photo printing service like Walgreens, or should I buy and maintain my own photo printer?
Thanks!
I'm tall enough that it's rare to meet someone taller than me. If I'm ever in a room with 2 or more people who are taller than me, I feel my psyche transported back to middle school when my older brother would have friends over. It's amazing how quickly it happens. My brain goes straight from "Those two people are taller than you" to "You must be 12 years old again, deal with it loser"
I can taste the salt Here's a translation of your post: "I was playing someone, he started playing defensively and I couldn't open him up. I got frustrated, made a dumb move, and got punished for it. I made a post so everyone knows I wasn't playing badly, it was all his fault, I didn't do anything wrong, he's the bad player, not me"
She was so scared she 'heard gunshots' and 'saw a bullet mark'. She believes it, she's not playing him. Mike knows it's nothing, but you can't convince someone like that it's nothing, she'll just find something else to be scared about. She is scared and wants to move, and Mike is happy to make that happen.
It all comes down to this roll. Roy Munson, a man-child, with a dream to topple bowling giant Ernie McCracken. If he strikes, he’s the 1979 Odor-Eaters Champion. He’s got one foot in the frying pan and one in the pressure cooker. Believe me, as a bowler, I know that right about now, your bladder feels like an overstuffed vacuum cleaner bag and your butt is kinda like an about-to-explode bratwurst. Roy: Hey. Do you mind? I wasn’t talking when you were bowling. Ernie McCracken: Was I talking out loud? Was I? Sorry. Good luck.
&gt; He definitely really does work for the taxi cab company. &gt; He tells gene to call him anytime at the cab service. It's got to be something like the vet. You call the cab co, say you're looking for Jeff, and they hook you up with him. Shady guy rolodex.
