Is it? Do you even know what it is? It is a forum to push the fact that Prostate Cancer kills more men than breast cancer kills women. Its a forum to push that while 1 in 4 women will be a victim of domestic abuse, 1 in 7 men will too. That's what it is for and how it is celebrated. Is Intentional Women's day bullshit too? Is it justa stupid excuse for legbeards to run around and scream about "muh patriarchy?"
The thought of Liam singing "Don't Look Back In Anger" really pisses me off for some reason.
I have a second one: I absolutely love how long "Be Here Now" is. Coming off of WTSMG I couldn't get enough of them. Getting an album with multiple 5 minute plus songs was the best thing ever.
I believe it's closely related to Welsh
He should team up with someone to color it and then submit it to IDW
The whole "America is a melting pot and we need to embrace it" mentality is ruining this country.
The mods should ban you for that shit click bait title
Did you really just say no other animals have different races or colors? Have you met dogs?
Why
I miss the days when you got points for a long shot. 1000 meter headshot? 1000 points
It was Xmas. Isn’t it possible that the cat jumped in the bag and into a box while they were cleaning? That’s what cats do. Jump in boxes and jump in bags. I’m not saying this isn’t a person throwing away a cat, but if I look at it objectively, that’s the conclusion I come to.
Literally read the next sentence
She’s not experienced in the game today. She hasn’t been in the baseball operation part of running a team for like 5-7 years. Baseball has changed since then. Yeah, she’s been at corporate, but that’s business, not baseball. I wish people would admit the only reason they want her is because she is a woman. Just be truthful.
Sounds like you are describing grooming
She never talked about liking lynchings. Hate her if you want, but be honest
This girl snakes!
This has nothing to do with free speech. If the tv show/movie want the DEA to consult, then they have to follow the DEA rules. It’s that simple.
&gt; he might be a dumbass... Well, he is 16
Have you met cab drivers? Half the grossness is their personal hygiene. Is it so expensive they can’t take a bath too?
Out of the 100 Uber rides I’ve taken the last 2-3 years, I’ve had maybe 1 or 2 bad drivers/cars. My cab experience was the other way around
I’ve had cab drivers drive away once they found out where I was going
That’s the thing though. Living life as LGBT absolutely is a choice. It’s just an acceptable choice these days. Has been for a generation now. So what is pride month for? People to remember that LGBT were discriminated against. That’s as useful as Black history month, which means to say not at all. I don’t hate LGBT, or any other group. I hate anyone who try’s to push their beliefs, lifestyle choices, religion, or otherwise into things that have nothing to do with them. Edit: the Rangers this week https://i.redd.it/chaemmi7lq131.png
Only has 7k followers on IG. How long till that doubles?
I got my Samsung 4K HDR for around $700 which is €622. It’s gorgeous.
4......Drink
I don’t know Jaden Smith, are they? Are feet shoes?
STFU. It’s 99% shithole and you know it.
Upvote for unpopularity. But No. Kids should be taught about the biology of reproduction and puberty around 6th/7th/8th grade (11-14yrs old). But sex, and what it’s about, teachers have no business teaching kids that shit.
I was there yesterday. Fucking shithole. Makes Richmond look like Beverly Hills
You mean the $450,000 a room housing they are building? Hmm, I wonder why they aren’t building more of that?
As a conservative living in Northern California, close to 70% of profiles on dating sites make it very clear they won’t date me because of who I voted for.
unagi
As is tradition
You can get arrested for calling Muslims pig fucking pedophiles. So yeah, you are classified as less free. The UN uses extremely high taxes paid into “free healthcare” as a barometer of freedom. In no world is the government taking your money at the point of a spear to give it to someone else, “freedom”
But...but....karma whoring
This is cool, but it probably isn’t even the 3rd best shot of this movie.
All these games are so new. Mine would be Final Fantasy 3(6) on SNES. As a 14yr old, seeing the graphics was just incredible. Awesome story, just the perfect package at the time.
Let’s run them down: -anti-trump article -has a place in China as being free -what does taking my passport and traveling have anything to do with personal freedoms at home -happiness determined by polling and not real data is irrelevant -how is a list of people going to college any indicator of freedom? But if it is, 17 of the top 25 universities in the world are in the US. -once again, has a place in China being free. Try harder. If I lived in Ireland, 40% of my salary would be taken in taxes. That’s not freedom.
&gt; Are you actually well in the head? You think you are ‘more free’ in America and personal freedom is nearly entirely unknown outside the US??? When did I ever say personal freedom is entirely unknown outside of the US. When you can get arrested for speaking your opinion, you do not have true freedom. Period. When a judge can tell a member of the media what they can and cannot report on, that’s not freedom. &gt; After you choose between only two options for president, Lol, you have no control over who your leader is. Your politicians choose it for you. We directly elect our president. &gt; and spend most of your life repaying the debt you have for just trying to get a basic adult education Is it weird living in a place where a “basic adult education” is past secondary school? What kind of holy than thou attitude do you have where a person can’t make a decent living without a degree? People make choices and have to live with them. You don’t want to drown in debt, get a degree in a field you can make money in. I don’t feel bad for the philosophy major that went to $50k a year Harvard that can’t pay back the loans because they could have gone to community college then state college and got the same degree. &gt; survive your government run by corporations You have an entire House of Parliament that is unelected. So tell me more about being controlled by something. &gt; survive the homicide rates in some cities equitable to South American slum cities Lol, let’s get into the fact that blacks make up 13% of the population of America and are responsible for 50% of all violent crimes. Bringing that up ought to make you feel great. &gt; hope you’re kids aren’t shot in school This is how I know you are a jackass piece of shit. Shot happens. Even in your precious Ireland. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunblane_massacre Crazy people are crazy. But you somehow think crazy ass kids in school have anything to do with freedom just shows how you are more about shitting on America than having a real conversation. &gt; hope you’re not born not black, brown or poor I wasn’t born black or brown, but I was born dirt fucking poor. But my dad worked his ass off, went to trade school, and pulled us out. So generalize more. Please. This is fun.
All I can say is that in his world, the country club world, appearance is everything. So you just need to make that decision if that’s the world you can or want to live in.
One is a money suck that no one uses.
It was a sub called r/horseclop It’s no longer around, but it was fucking weird.
&gt;The lack of celebration holds back younger fans. Literally the worst argument. Smartphones/tablets and video games are holding back younger fans. That’s where they are migrating to. Letting players flip their bat isn’t gonna capture the imagination of a 5year old and create a lifelong fan.
It brings a new perspective. They aren’t beholden to any previous political arrangement. They aren’t lifetime politicians. Just a few reasons
I wear a NY Giants shirt all the time. One of my favs
Yeah, sure. This is what did it. Not Nancy Pelosi being in politics her entire adult life yet having a personal net worth(without her husband) of $29 million. Not that, but this.
The dog is just happy to be involved
&gt; Yeah nice misinformation How is it misinformation? Millions of Californians(legal, tax paying citizens) are poor. But they are now going to get fucked so people who have no right to be here get free health insurance. Why are you such a giant faggot? That’s what I want to know. Do you even know what alternative facts are? You and me get in a fistfight. We bath tell the truth about what happened, but because we saw it from 2 different perspectives we have alternative facts. Once again, you are a giant faggot. Why would you need a fema camp for a political opponent. Where do you live? If it’s anywhere in Northern California let me know. We can meet and have a conversation.
Yeah, and in 3/4 of the places in America, that’s more than enough to live off of. IF YOU CANT AFFORD TO LIVE IN THE BIG CITY, YOU NEED TO MOVE TO A PLACE YOU CAN AFFORD. You ride the bus, you get roommates, you share a car. You do what you have to do to pay your bills and put food on the table.
&gt; high density housing developments Projects
Specific examples are different than generalizations. This article is about a massive generalization. Also, no one is talking about a high demand, high paying job.
Torico just asked if the 3rd period of game 7 of the Stanley cup finals was the last period of the season. Nice one
That makes sense I guess. Would have made more sense if it was tied, but ok
Post picture of women/poc character with caption like “this part is badass” or “just a few people hanging out”
“The Admiral” is not pleased
And here we see you moving the goal post. Good job. The median household income is $59K according to the US census Bureau. So tell me more. Gonna move the goalpost again? I can’t wait.
&gt; Because the fact is that the Average American isn’t doing as well as you’re making them out to be. Do you want average or median? You changed the rules. But regardless, yes, the average American is doing really good. Your anecdotal stories about people you might know do not change the hard facts that People are doing great in this country. &gt; But I see that you’re fine with playing the “they’re stupid for putting themselves in that position” card when it comes to poverty in the U.S. I said stupid or downtrodden. But yeah. Not everyone can be winners unless all of us are losers. The Only way you drag that bottom 1/5 up, is to drag 4/5 of the population down. The big fight from the left for years was for equal opportunity. We have that now and There are still a lot of poor people. So now the fight from people like you is for equal outcomes. That notion goes against everything that it means to be a human being. There will always be winners and losers. There were always be beautiful people and ugly people. There will always be smart people and dumb people. No amount of legislating will change that.
Do you understand the realities of China? A peaceful protest isn’t going to do fucking shit. Ask all the victims of Tiananmen Square how peaceful protesting work out for them?
Hayes and Pionk for Lemieux, Trouba, and a conditional 4th. That’s a fucking steal.
He is going to cost about $6 mil next season. They still need to resign Deangelo, Buch, and Lemieux. Another $5-6 mil. This leaves them $7 mil in cap space. Unless they make another move, there is no chance to get Panarin. Maybe Duchene instead?
Dude, stop. You keep writing this everywhere. He is an RFA. He can’t go anywhere or sign with any other team. Therefore he is effectively under contract by the NYR for next season.
Panarin is going to cost $9-11 mil after what Karlsson got
Kreider speaks fluent Russian too
And he gets mysteriously sick before every start against the Giants
One of the big reasons they did this, was they were under the cap floor. Now they are barely over it.
This isn’t an attack against NYC, and I’m not saying if it’s easy or not, I’m talking about what’s better for his family. He’s from a tiny town in Ontario, then he played in Denver, Ottawa, and Columbus. His idea of a good place for his family is probably a mid tier city like Denver or Detroit. Not the metro area with 50 trillion assholes.
Corey Perry maybe that he is now available?
I hate the A’s. It goes both ways. You might be too young to remember the 89 series, but for older fans, the rivalry is real.
No it wouldn’t. As we have seen in LA, the per room cost to build homeless housing is between $100k and $500k
The real question, is how hot is she?
He’s not your buddy, guy
He’s not your friend, buddy
Why even let this shit on here? All this shit does is cause fights.
Corey Perry
11.81
Transformers
This guy isn’t Crosby or McDavid. 12 is too much. For that price I’d rather go after Pavelski and Duchene
The only thing I’ll say, is that I’ve heard the word reparations come out of her mouth. That’s punishing me for the sins of someone else’s father. My family has lived in the US since the 1600s and has always lived in the north. I can’t find any proof of anyone owning a slave. But if reparations happen it’s my money that’s going to go to African-Americans. So if she is blaming me for what someone else is great grandparents did I can blame her for what her great grandparents did
My favorite one so far.....
Reason number 10,001 why he will never be elected president.
People are told to disperse by authorities, they don’t, police use non-lethal means to facilitate their dispersement. I don’t see a problem.
Her original name was Molly But if you say “beep” to her, she loves it.
Reddit: Don’t be conservative
LOL, this is the hubris of the educated left to come up with something like this. Well over half the people that vote just see an R or a D next to the name of the person on the ballot and cast their vote. They are uneducated and they are completely uninformed as to what the candidate stands for or what they do. You might as well enact poll test.
&gt; My solution is higher taxes on the top. First off, that doesn’t solve income inequality. Second, so your solution is non-libertarian?
This is the other great failure? What was the other one?
It’s not about letting the system fester and rot, it’s about what realistically works for the masses. Only liberals could think that everybody’s educated enough and has fucking time to sit around and spend hours reading about politics. The only people who could think that’s a thing are people who spend their whole fucking life in academics...aka not the real world. some real unicorn shit right there. Edit: spelling
Was it a mistake? Morally? Yes Financially? Hell no.” Not even close.
That’s the thing though, you can’t solve income inequality unless you start to try to effect outcomes. This in of itself is one of the lefts biggest mistakes right now and why they are seeing a backlash on the world scale. Especially in the United States for years the left fight for equal opportunity, rightfully so. Now they have shifted the focus to equal results. This is where they fail and where they will always fail. Human beings are not all as attractive as one another, they’re not as smart as one another, they’re not as hard-working as one another, they just aren’t the same. So the results will never be the same. No matter how hard you try. So, when you tax people that are really wealthy, even people who aren’t wealthy get pissed off because they want to be wealthy one day. And the way our system is set up, almost everybody has that opportunity to be really wealthy one day.
Equal opportunity already exists though. 100%. If people choose to not take advantage of it because of perceived in efficient childhoods or a system in place that works against them, that is their fault. But we had a black man who grew up in a single-parent household become President of the United States. I’m sorry but we are already in a state of equal opportunity. Taking away peoples money in the claims of equal opportunity is a lie. It’s income redistribution. It is trying to have equal results.
When anybody can be anything though, it is not imbalanced. You’re trying to change the situation to make everybody equal, and everybody can’t be equal. But everybody can be a millionaire one day if they work hard enough and if they’re smart enough. But if they’re not they’re going to lose. There’s always going to be winners and losers. No matter what you do, and no matter how much you change, there’s always going to be winners and losers.
I feel like the goal of major-league baseball lately has been to completely destroy tradition.
Ok? One bad elbow means you’d rather have a Russian head case? Cool reasoning.
Or, give her a bill for the expenses you have incurred. If she doesn’t pay, sue the shit out of her.
The GF is a smoke show. That’s why.
It says right there, that it belongs to Reddit, and it says this: &gt; This license includes the right for us to make Your Content available for syndication, broadcast, distribution, or publication by other companies, organizations, or individuals who partner with Reddit. Do you know who partners with Reddit? Every single user on here. On top of that here you go. I am reposting what you just posted and didn’t quote you so now it’s mine and anyone can use it. PART 4 For those who have read my scribbling on here regarding the Harpy of the Not-Really-An-HOA, hopefully you have enjoyed the saga so far. I am adding this last post on here as a place to put the aftermath of this saga and any updates that I may hear. Because unbelievably, this is a crazy situation that just keeps on giving. If you haven’t already, you can read the previous parts here: Part 1: https://www.reddit.com/r/fuckHOA/comments/diw9bl/got_a_not_really_an_hoa_disbanded/ Part 2 &amp; 3: https://www.reddit.com/r/fuckHOA/comments/ej5y1c/how_i_got_a_not_really_an_hoa_disbanded_part_2/ When last we left Ms. Harpy, she was being investigated by the state Real Estate Licensing board, as well as the IRS. Well, I learned something interesting in this whole saga. Apparently, while the statute for limitations for criminal tax evasion is only three years (or possibly 6 years, depending on the situation), there is apparently no statute of limitations on how far back they can go in civil court. So while she may dodge any federal charges of tax evasion, the IRS will be crawling up in her business however the heck far they want. I suspect that will end.. poorly (and expensively) for her. Additionally, the state department of revenue has also caught wind of this. Can’t imagine how that may have happened. Similar to the feds, while they can’t charge her criminally on the tax evasion, I’m sure they also will be digging through all of her tax records for the last, oh, FOREVER..... I’ve already had an interview with a rather pleasant IRS agent, and was able to go through everything that I knew, the timeline for what happened, and how it was that I discovered there was not an actual HOA there. When I explained how this all started because she decided to be a bitch about a couple of relatively small issues, and it has since snowballed into, well, THIS, she (the agent) laughed so hard it took us several minutes to get back on track. And she continued to chuckle and giggle throughout the rest of the interview. And the state department of revenue has contacted me as well, wanting to set up a time for an in person meeting. So that will be fun. :) I’ve considered going to the local news media about this as some suggested, but decided against it for a couple of reasons. The story isn’t really as fresh as it was 7 or so years ago when it was all going down, and I doubt the news medias ability to keep my name out of it... Maybe not on the air, but somehow it would slip. And that would add needless complication to my life. If somehow she avoids getting her real estate license revoked, maybe that will change the equation enough to where it might be worth letting the media know. Plus it gives them a recent hook to tie the story into. “State Real Estate board refuses to revoke license of crooked agent! News at 11!”. You get the gist. I don’t have the screenshot of it, but on the state licensing board website, there’s three new items in the “Disciplinary action” section of her license. An additional proposed suspension sanction, and two proposed revocation sanctions. I’m guessing the second proposed suspension is so she can’t default back to a “regular” real estate agent. And the proposed revocation sanctions are for her Principal Broker and regular Real Estate agent licenses as well. So that will be interesting to see what happens once it’s finalized. I imagine that process will not be quick. Once I get home tonight and have a chance to redact the relevant information from the screenshot, I’ll post that as well. I’ve heard through my friend who lives in the subdivision that there have been several people contacted by the state Real Estate board, as well as the state department of revenue and the IRS to set up interviews (and some have already been completed). And just out of curiosity, I checked the website for the local branch of the national real estate company she works for. And lo and behold, she’s no longer listed on there as either the principal broker or an agent, and someone else is listed as principal broker. I’m going to take this development as a cautious agency making sure they don’t get caught up in any legal messes. But I think someone just learned the lesson, “you are merely a cog in this machine. you are easily replaced.” In a final bit of entertainment for this saga, I was shown several screenshots by my friend of a post in the subdivision’s Facebook page that was quite, well, I guess entertaining would be a great word. She’s since deleted the post, but essentially she was on there shrieking about how they were “all” under a non-disclosure agreement, and she was apparently threatening to sue any of them that talked to anyone for violation of the NDA. This was met by cricket chirps from anyone who knew what was going on, but there were several “what the hell is she talking about” type of posts by a few of the newer owners who weren’t in the know. But my favorite response was by someone who apparently is an attorney (based on how they phrased things) who wasn’t here when the not-an-HOA was in effect (she’s only lived in the neighborhood for about a year) but apparently caught a quick heads up from somebody. The short version of her post was that while she wasn’t aware of the particulars of what was going on, she stated that NDA’s don’t cover someone answering questions from a regulatory or investigatory agency, either state or federal, as well as not covering any testimony being given under oath. And trying to bully someone into not speaking to such an agency by means of an NDA or otherwise might even be considered witness tampering or intimidation. And a few hours later the Harpy’s post (and all the associated replies) mysteriously disappeared... But you know, FB will gladly hand over the whole conversation with a subpoena. And the IRS does not mess around with the possibility of witness tampering. So maybe she might end up facing criminal charges after all. Depends on how stupid she gets, I guess. If past performance is any kind of indicator, she may very well get to spend some time in the gray bar hotel. And as any more updates come in, I’ll add them on as edits to this post so there’s one convenient place to watch for updates. MAJOR UPDATE!!! See the attached photo. The state Real Estate Agency has finalized their orders on her license. Folks, I wish I could share the text of the final orders associated with this action. But because it is public record, it is also searchable, and would all too easily reveal her identity and open the doors to headaches for me and my family. So I’ll summarize. The first revocation for Fraud or Dishonest Conduct and Failure to Disclose is of her Principal Broker license. The second revocation, for Incompetence or Untrustworthiness and Records, that’s for her regular real estate agent license. There are some bombshells in the final orders. Apparently, as a few people suspected in the comments, there was a lot more happening than just what was happening in her neighborhood. I was shocked at how quickly the final order was released (from what I was seeing in other cases of revocations, the investigation usually lasts anywhere from three to six months). But reading the final orders, the Principal Broker revocation was based mostly on the information in the lawsuit that was filed by the neighbors back in 2012 and the ensuing settlement. However, their investigation apparently turned up quite a bit of other STUFF. Including lying to clients, falsifying records, not disclosing relationship between herself and sellers or buyers, and other instances of outright fraud. I will quote one line nearly verbatim from both final orders... Because it’s just so delicious to read: “While this Board has taken the strongest action granted by the [APPLICABLE STATE STATUTES], much of the information that was discovered during the course of this Board’s investigation is beyond the purview of this Board. Therefore we are turning over all records and witness testimony to the [REDACTED] County District Attorney and the [STATE REDACTED] Department of Justice, Criminal Justice Division for further action.” https://imgur.com/qDKNVTg ANOTHER UPDATE!: Folks the world of legal hurt his woman has brought onto herself juto avalanche. This morning, I had walked my daughter to her school bus stop (right on the corner where the not-an-HOA starts) and a unmarked SUV with government plates comes around the corner. Picture every unmarked law enforcement SUV you’ve seen in a movie. That stereotypical. And they park a couple of doors down from the Harpy’s house. I risked being a couple minutes late to work to watch what was about to unfold. And was not in the least bit disappointed. Because out of the vehicle step two individuals wearing dark blue jackets with bright yellow letters. Some very specific letters. BIG letters that may or may not have spelled out “IRS” and underneath in smaller letters the words “Special Agent”. I may have giggled when I got to my truck. I may have laughed uproariously on my drive in to work. Because the first thing I did was look up just how big of a poop-pile she may have landed in. Apparently, a really deep one. Because from what I could find, the only people authorized to wear the “Special Agent” jacket are in the IRS’s Criminal Investigation Division. I texted my friend who lived in the neighborhood this as I was leaving for work around 7:15 this morning.He texted me back around 10ish.... He’s been watching all of this unfold out his front
You go apply for your copyright, and I’m gonna start making YouTube videos based on your post and you’re not gonna do shit about it because you can’t. You seem to have a real problem with letter of the law versus spirit of the law. You making a post on Reddit becomes content that anybody can use. It says so in Reddit’s terms of service I am a partner of Reddit because I am a user of Reddit. You can think you are smart, or that you have figured something out, but you really haven’t. Do you really think that if your thing was possible that every newspaper in the fucking country wouldn’t be putting in cease-and-desist letters against YouTube channels that read the articles and make money off of them? You’re a fucking idiot if you think that.
Who is this?
Unless you cared about it when Obama was doing it, shut the fuck up
How are they traitors?
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
He didn’t say the Russian probe, he said Russian collusion. Huge difference and stop trying to make them the same thing
Wrong. This was a joint oppo with Iraq. And we aren’t sending 3500 troops to Iran. We are sending them to Iraq
Ok Boomer
It was a joke that no one got....
This is something that isn’t talked about enough. People who are from Hawaii are so racist against white people it’s unbelievable
Or it’s the words “fucking haole” coming out of their mouths at the local grocery store in Kaneohe.
I have never seen a minority person get treated as bad as white people get treated in Hawaii. Granted, I live in California. But it’s disgusting.
Not military. In a position of authority that wasn’t appreciated. I got called in because the locals that were hired were lazy and were breaking the rules. More than one employee said it and the time I was just shopping in the grocery store in the wrong part of town apparently.
The grocery store part was weird. You’ve probably heard stories from especially black people about how they go into a store or they going to a place that is mostly white people and they just feel like everyone staring at them. It didn’t help that I was walking out the door and I heard someone yell “fucking Haole” at me. Besides that, there was nothing but animosity from every single person I tried to hire, and the existing employees that were there. The old manager got fired at the place I was at. I was brought in from the mainland to try and turn around the business. I got pulled aside by one of the nicer guys to tell me that they absolutely resented that the company brought in a white guy from the mainland. It was crazy, and I lasted a year before I said fuck it and move back home.
That’s not how racism works you New Age jack ass.
It’s not like everybody’s racist. You stick around the touristy spots those people are all there to make money and they’re gonna treat you like a king or queen. But, yes you have a better chance of going to local spot and not be judged if you’re brown.
Who did he steal that from?
Where do people live or shit gets that dirty? I live in Northern California and my sidewalk is as great as it was the day it was built.
Or “it’s like fucking a pillow”
He had never been this brutal Edit: Spelling
lol, oops
&gt; Dems win on gerrymandered districts as well Something no Dem will admit to. Good on you. &gt; and voter suppression wasn’t as big of an issue as it is today It is not really a big thing today.
Where did I say Trade Hank? I didn't, it's just time to look past him. His contract is up after next year
He plays out his contract and rides off into the sunset and we retire his jersey.
Just bounce those 2 back and forth? They are both on their ELC's. It is 100% worth it to have both for the start of the 2021/2022 season.
It's funny, it's satire, and it is true. Not a free speech issue.
It all depends on the hair color. Blondes look best when tan. Redheads look best when pale.
I didn’t say Hank is washed up. I said he’s old. His contract is up for next year and he’s going to be 40. He isn’t playing much and he will continue to decline. Hank is going to be as back up Into his 40s? LOL wait a hold on the nostalgia and throw common sense out the window. Cool long-term goals you have for this team
Of course you don’t believe it satire because you’re the fucking joke now. Grow up.
We’ve all been there kid. We’ve all been there
You always say “no” Do you know how fast you were going? “No” Do you know why I pulled you over? “No” I have gotten out of more than one ticket by not pleading guilty on the spot to committing a driving infraction. One time, a cop pulled me over on the freeway I was going at least 75 in a 65. He asked me if I knew how fast I was going and I said no. He said are you serious? I said yes, I was just going with the flow of traffic. That was it, he ran my ID to make sure I didn’t have any warrants like all police officers do and let me go.
So what? Are they the best person for the job. That is literally all that should ever matter.
I swear I'have seen an article on here about how this tariff war was causing China to pull back on their growth estimates for the last year? I found this [from July](https://www.cnn.com/2019/07/15/economy/china-gdp-growth/index.html). This tariff war is absolutely hurting the Chinese. &gt; China's exports fell 1.3% year-on-year for the first half in dollar terms, while imports dropped 7.3%. The country recorded a sharper decline in exports to the United States, which decreased 8.1% for the first six months of 2019. Imports from the United States plunged 30% year on year. This author is being extremely disingenuous by only telling one side of the story.
When I first read the title, I thought it said Frank's Pepe. I'm so glad it isn't that
&gt; US jumping 1st place in personnel in 1863 and then falling back down That's when the Civil War happened.
Mouth Guards. Don't waqnt to accidentally get a tooth knocked out. Other than that, enjoy!
&gt; What is he trying to do? Fuck with them. Expose them for being partisan and overly dramatic. Example: See his third term comments. He was not being serious but the press acted like a dictator was incoming. He does this on purpose. &gt; No White House press briefing in over three hundred days. He is one of, if not the most accessible Presidents in modern history. His hour long runway press conferences, his press conferences with world leaders. Do you really miss the daily press briefing where the press secretary says nothing and no one gets any answers to the questions they have?
absolute smoke show.
When you break the law, certain rights are temporarily taken away, some permanently. The 4th amendment is one of those rights that gets temporarily taken away
granted, you now have a bar on mars. you will never be able to go there and if you do you will immediately die because it is out in the open, but it is there.
When you are arrested, which these people are. Not detained, but arrested, they can take your finger prints, blood, saliva, or all of the above if a judge says they can. The law was changed to affect only people entering this country illegally. Not American Citizens.
So what is your solution? No border? No control? Some of the 330 million people in this country legally are going to get caught in the system. It happens everywhere all the time. Just because it sporadically happens, doesn't mean that you tear the whole system down. BTW, I am all for green card holders needing to give DNA to become citizens.
From the article: &gt; The others in the vehicle with him were all Latinos, including his 17-year-old brother Marlon, who was born in Mexico and was in the U.S. illegally. If you are in a car that gets pulled over and one of your passengers is committing a crime, you are going to get in trouble too. Not that it is an excuse, but shit happens. You don't tear down the whole system because of one off situations.
Trying to look at it objectively, I think it's not too far out of left field to think his Texas ID might be fake?
Seriously, waiting until Presidents day Suuuuuuuuucks.
I know they are more feminine gay dudes, but why do they fight like girls too. Hair pulling while throwing fists? Weird
Unions involved in making video games will make video games worse.
Well, the article is about financial interests, not political ones. So talking about the ruling party is not really on topic.
I hope this is in Brazil
They have never been to northern Texas
I've never lied about my height. I'm 6'4'' so I don't really have to.
Thanks, California
No it isn’t, it’s exactly what he should have done and it’s exactly what we would have expected Lemieux to do.
New shit? Lol, as old as the game itself
It’s always been like that unless your name is Kronwall. Dude got a pass for some reason. It has slowed down because of the instigator, but you guys of gotten smart now and for the most part don’t drop their gloves on the guy who lays the hit unless that dude drops his gloves too so they don’t get the instigator.
Doesn’t rhyme. What about Big Bone Strome?
This is the 2019/2020 Rangers. Talented enough to compete with the best teams in the league, but too young to do it consistently. Edit: spelling
I took me almost 2 years to realize I was no longer comparing every single date to "Her." It was rough, but I came out of it! You can too!
I dont want to listen to it, is a democrat being elected the only reason he says a CW might start?
And the Bush lineage, the Clinton lineage, the Kennedy lineage, the Pelosi lineage, the Biden lineage. Are you seeing a theme here?
That's probably just dirt on the end of those veggies, right?
So, by that thinking, Trump, having graduated from Wharton's school of business, is qualified to run the economy?
Replacing the water pump on that car is a 6.5 hour job. Also, just to do it you need a crankshaft and timing belt locking tool. DO NOT DO THIS JOB UNLESS YOU ARE FORCED TO BECAUSE OF THE COST. Even then, don't do it. You basically have to take apart the entire left side of the engine including fucking with the crank shaft
there is one from me
So, what I am hearing is that your real world experience is what determines whether not you can do a job not your education. So in that case she hasn’t done a fucking thing in the real wall other than being the first daughter. So in fact she isn’t qualified to do dick
Look, you do you, but I looked up the job in AllData. It’s not a simple/easy changeout With a real chance to fuck up your crankshaft. Good luck though
Well, put March 11 on your calendar. Kadri is gonna feel Haley’s rights and lefts
Lincoln “let’s move to the metric system” Chafee is in no way a Libertarian
Oh, you know, that one where she is bitching about something and miles has to solve it. That ones great
I’m sorry, but just can’t deserves to be in overall Omar Vizquel and Scott Roland
Holy fuck, that is brutal.
Isn't the race of man human?
All-Star: Smashmouth
Well, that is all fine and dandy, except none of that is canon. They are called humans in that galaxy. And the fact that the ET race has seen both shows that the Human race has traversed galaxies.
I'm glad she fell over, that bitch crashed into him on purpose!
Synths attacked Mars. I’m now going to guess that after the attack, Starfleet mandated that all synths be deactivated. This includes b-4 who is now basically data, even though he had nothing to do with it. I’m going to guess that he is either going to be disassembled and then stolen and reassembled And Picard is on a mission to reunite with him, or that he is in exile. That he ran away so he wouldn’t be disassembled. Either way, data is going to have information that can help Picard find the rogue cents so that they can be dealt with.
Because it has everything to do with your overall Karma total for that sub. If you are in the positive, you never have to wait.
Thats like half a meal for me. God, I'm fat.
Wow, someone understood my joke
What are you? Unable to see a joke?
I mean, I never said it was comedy gold
I took the shot, It failed, I move on to the next terrible joke.
Good luck topping this year.
This shows how little you understand about the physical side of hockey
He walks away with knowing that Tkachuk is going to think twice about laying those huge hits the next time he plays the Oilers. Tkachuk now knows that there’s a motherfucker on the other side he doesn’t give a fuck if his gloves are in off, or if he’s turtling down like a fucking piece of shit. That dude is going to kick the shit out of him no matter what he does. A beating like that has the long term affects on a player.
Without getting too much into politics, it’s very doubtful that the EU would just let in Scotland. If they did it would set a precedent of smaller regions breaking away and then wanting to join the EU.
&gt; professional fart-cannon. That’s the name of my new butt-rock band
It's just a prank bro!
And the bottom 6.7% are seeing the benefits. Just because the top 10 are doing good, doesn't mean everyone else is doing bad
This one is easy. Women with big breasts are going to wear clothing that shows off those big breasts more than small breasted women. Low cut tops, deep cleavage. By doing this, those women are perceived as being more sexually available.
&gt; They could have just held onto the IP to spite the MCU. They can't just hold onto it. They have to make movies in a certain time frame or they lose the rights
My favorite universe is this one where anyone in their right mind thinks that Bernie Sanders can beat DJT in the general election.
You guys do not share supporters. His supporters will all dump to Biden
[Mango loves getting felt up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZrTOJZN4RU) by long trunks
The weekly feedback thread, of course.
I mean, it’s not really his fault. He is way under size for being a legitimate fighter. So because of this, his only real move is to wait for the bigger guy to punch him self out. He hopes that the fight will last a long time so he can get his chance at the end. If things happen like someone’s helmet comes off or a jersey comes over the head before he has a chance he’s always going to take the L.
https://i.pinimg.com/236x/2d/75/43/2d7543c020be2d69130f47227958b1fe--wrestling-divas-womens-wrestling.jpg
High kick, BABY!!
Gay fish
Kreids can’t score unless it’s a tip-in
Holy shit
With that goal, Panarin has 67 points. That puts him alone in third place in the entire NHL. He is now only four points away from Connor McDavid for the overall points lead.
What’s the deal with ESPN? In the game Center shit they’re the only sports company that doesn’t show fighting majors and misconducts. They show every single other penalty they just do not show fighting majors and misconducts until after the game is over.
Come on, one more high kick!!
Panarin sucks, Kappo doesn’t need to go to the A, and the Islanders rule. Wait........today is Opposite Day, right?
Mods, please delete. This is an a free speech issue this is just some D bag come in here to complain about some sub he got banned from by clearly breaking their rules. OP kNew what they were doing
Fucking little rat deserves everything he gets.
It is only a 2 hour drive, so why not?
Hi I'm in danger, I'm Dad, Nice to meet you
Nice try, Pentagon Official. We are on to you
SO they got a raise even though their entire league bleeds money. Good for them, I guess
You don't have to imagine. Just think of every responsible adult you know. Do they all have insurance? You bet your ass they do. If they don't, then they are more than likely a scumbag that makes terrible fucking decisions for their life.
There are people crying for the NHL to do the same thing. Who am I to tell them how to spend their money? If they want to bet on a guaranteed loser, that's their problem.
Whats the long term problem? Women's version of American sports are boring?
I have a month of vacation time saved up. Done
If you could afford to have kids, you wouldn't be bitching about one off medical bills because you would have the money saved up to pay for this kind of thing. Having a job does not equal affording kids. Let me guess, your solution to medical insurance is single payer? Right now you pay $6000 a month plus the occasional visit to the emergency room. Lets call it $8K a year. You do realize that you will pay waaaaay more under a single payer program, right?
You have what is known as extraordinary circumstances. As in your story is not the story of the average American. But even if you were the average story, your plan blows donkey balls. Regardless, I don't work for a scumbag employer. My employer offers fantastic coverage even though it costs them more money. And in what world do you think you would be paid more money if your employer didn't have to pay for your medical? Do you know how much they pay? It would ALL be gone if single payer came around. It would cost upwards of $20K - 25K a year for Single Payer. Per person. Seeing as the average american makes $60K, tell me how this isn't back breaking?
How much later were they turning in homework though?
National general election polls don't matter. Red states are red, Blue are blue. Purples matter. Tell me about a Florida Bernie vs Trump poll. Or a North Carolina one or an Ohio one.
What if we allowed certain trained engineers at Apple to be qualified in the chain of custody. Then in situations like this (Terrorism) apple can be the ones to extract the data without ever having to give the feds the keys to the kingdom?
Fucking rat, playing little rat games
LOL, reddit does the same thing. Remember the newest election in England? Reddit swore to God that Jeremy Corbin had any chance in hell of winning And seem to have everyone convinced it was true. And what really happened was that the conservatives grabbed a historic majority. The left-wing people that frequent social media are 100% outsized in their voice.
I know right? Imagine putting Muslims in camps to re-educate them too.
Is it illegal? No. Is it unethical? No. Whats the problem?
Away From the Sun - 3 Doors Down https://youtu.be/DDK5qGlLT8s
&gt; You are seriously suggesting that the US has more atrocities than china? This is the shit the humanities are teaching the kids. It's no joke. That because China offers jobs and housing to basically everybody, that they are morally superior in every way
I didn't even realize! 8 years! Damn
Thanks! 8 years! Been a ride for sure
It was one of the funniest things I have ever seen
But noooooo! Dont you remember? He is the Libertarian choice because weed
What is the official libertarian answer? Who cares? Why are we involved in this in the first place? That isn't the answer OP is looking for obviously so there is no harm in answering it.
Please tell me how this has ANYTHING to do with Libertarianism.
In other news, you can literally find any former federal prosecutor to back up whatever agenda you have because there are thousands of former federal prosecutors.
Patapon. It is fantastic and it was recently very quietly remastered and thrown onto the Playstation store. It is a great music and timing based game that is pretty in depth.
actually, first you bury them, then you go make sure you own the mineral rights to your land.
I know this isn't the sub for this opinion, but I guarantee you this. From now on when this chick threatens her kid with destroying something they love, they know she means it. Crazy? Yes. Crazy effective? Also yes.
Non-Physical discipline like permanently taking away things that make them not listen to their parents is good parenting. If a kid thinks a parent is mean for having rules, the parent is usually doing a good job.
Suck shit, fish sticks
Coach is giving it to Tony.
Does Georgie have Russian anime on the side of his helmet? Trade him now
Lol
How’s this? We can start with the fact that Hollywood has started to replace all the red headed characters in fiction with black actresses and actors. Case in point: Disney live action remake of the little mermaid cast a black girl as Ariel. The little mermaid is a early 19th century danish story. It was written and thought up by a white man in a Country that is about 99.9% white. There is zero chance in his mind that the little mermaid was anything other than white. But, Hollywood cast a black actress to play her. Let’s also talk about interracial couples. Did you know, of all the marriages in the US(56.7mil) only 10%(5.8 mil) of them are amongst interracial couples? Of that 10%(5.8 mil), 40%(2.3 mil)of those feature a white person and a Hispanic person. A marriage featuring a white person and a black person make up only 8%(470K)of that 10%(5.8 mil) number. When is the last time on television you saw a Hispanic person and a white person together as a couple? It hardly ever happens. But, you always see a black person and a white person together. Mostly it’s a black male with a white woman. That is forced diversity Another point I’ll bring up about forced diversity, is forced sexual diversity. In 2018, 8.8% of all roles in broadcast television were gay characters. Less than 2% Of the population of America is gay. So the representation is four times as much as the actual population. That is them consciously making a decision to give gay people an outsized voice in Hollywood. That is forced diversity. It is actually so bad that the average American thinks that approximately 25% of the population of the country is LGBT, when in fact it’s like 4 or 5% These are just a few of the examples of what force diversity is. At least in my eyes Edit: grammar
[Not just Disney](https://www.neogaf.com/threads/is-hollywood-prejudiced-against-redheads.1491094/). &gt; Also I’m assuming you’re the type of person that doesn’t like diversity hires because “only skills should be taken into account NOT” race? You mean a normal human being that thinks merit is the thing that should get you a job? Yeah that’s me. What fucking world do you live in where the color of your skin determines whether or not you should get a job. How racist are you? &gt; Would you be this angry if a non-redhead white person got these roles? Yes, I am mad that they cast a non-redhead in the role. For fucks sake, the voice actress for Ariel in the original Disney cartoon was a redhead. From the fairy tail: &gt; her skin was as clear and delicate as a rose-leaf, and her eyes as blue as the deepest sea She isn’t black, I’ll tell you that. &gt; If the story is about a black person and a white person, how is that forced diversity? If that is what the story is about, sure. But reality has shown us that more than likely it’s not about that. But it goes beyond that. Watch the commercials. Over half of them now feature interracial couples. Hollywood is 100% pushing this racial diversity on America. &gt; And similarly take representation in all of the movies ever made. We’re not talking about all the movies that have ever been made in the history of movies. Why are you trying to move goalposts. It makes you look stupid, and it makes you look like you’re losing this argument. &gt;Also, do you think only people in America watch these movies? Same thing with gay people. You know what, you’re right. Most of the people who watch these movies are Asian. Do you know who’s the most fucking racist people in the world? Asians. They definitely don’t have interracial marriages there. So who is it for? It’s them trying to push a narrative on the Western world that just doesn’t really exist. The funny thing about this is I can tell by the tone of your writing that you assume that I think forced diversity, or interracial marriages, or them replacing redheads with black people is a bad thing. I’m not necessarily for it or against it. I’m arguing with you because you’re saying it doesn’t exist when it obviously does. You are extremely insincere and you are pushing a narrative on the people of the sub. Shame on you.
Look, It’s already been sussed out in the Supreme Court that high school students have limited free speech. Especially when it comes to things that could be inflammatory and cause disruptions in school. Unfortunately for students, the only arbiters of what’s disruptive in school and what isn’t is the administration of that school. It looks to me like she’s trying to pull a Kevin Spacey and claim that the rainbow shirt is why she got expelled but in reality it’s because she was a consistent problem to the school. She was given the opportunity to help her self and she didn’t take it so she gets what she deserves.
Just use an old ass scantron machine. An analog one. You have people watching them, and checking them before and after. It is not as safe as hand counting, but it sire is easier
You might not like this, but.....be fun, flirty, reserved, and modest. Except when you ar ein the bedroom. In there, blow his fucking mind. Be adventerous, be experimental. Trust me, he will see you as the one.
Call Hyundai and ask them. Also, call other shops. Maybe call a shop that specializes in Asian imports.
&gt; Yea I must have missed the part where there was a contract that said a student can't wear a shirt with a rainbow on it for their birthday party. Every one of these private christian schools has one of these codes of conducts that specifies behaviors on and off campus. Specifically living a "Christian" life, whatever that is. &gt; Instead of asking what that "code of conduct" supposedly being violated is, you're fixated on justifying your bias. You do get that this was not at a public school right? They have different rules and different expectations of their students and they are not shy about letting you know what they are. So yes, wearing aknown gay pride symbol could be as blasphemous to them as wearing a pentagram, depending on how devout the school really is. What is funny, if you are doing that classic criminal thing. That guy who is in prison for life and all he did was steal a car. What he fails to mention is that his first 2 strikes were for murder. She was not expelled for a solo, one off event. And according to the school, her expulsion wasn't even related to the shirt. She had a long history of breaking the rules. And even after she was given a last chance, her and her family specifically poke the bear. They got what they deserved. Now this chick can go to public school like the rest of the heathens.
No, just to see what they say. Hyundai would never try to sell you a used engine. SO it would cost more. But in any high dollar situation, never take the first persons word. ALWAYS get a second opinion. Especially with them saying that if I replace the arm, it will just break again later so ill do the engine instead for way more money. Call a mechanic at an Asian import place and ask them about your problem. See if they have heard of anything like that. Now, I don't know where you live, but these guys are fantastic and have a great reputation. They will tell you if your guy is full of shit. Made in America/Made in Japan: (916) 635-7333
I already quoted what the school said. Take it or leave it. You have your opinion, and it is wrong, but you do you buddy.
And now your baby has ticks
Oh, yeah. It is just a trusted place I know of here in California
To devout Christians they are.
It's crazy, but it happens. Accidentally mis-gender a feminist and see how offended they get. Crazy is crazy
Trust is always required though. In hand counting the ballots, you have to trust that the people know how to count, that they are honest when reporting the counts, and countless other things. Look at that chick in Miami. She was dishonest as fuck and got fired for it.
So the system is fucked no matter what. That is what you are saying.
I lived in KY for 2 years. This school doesn't give a shit.
I hope he sues so this shit can go straight to the SCOTUS and we can put this garbage to bed once and for all
Nothing he said was wrong. -He doesn't think a woman who was a professional softball player can be a good coach because baseball is different. -He said he would have gotten in even more trouble for the rally thong. These are both valid complaints and in the case of the rally thong, very true. Tell me this, if he would have left of the #metoo and ##BelieveAllWomen part, would you have had less of a problem with what he said?
For now, that is true, but it will be played out in the SCOTUS one day.
Did I ever say that Nothing he ever said was wrong? No. I was obviously referencing this situation and for you to conflate those 2 is extremely insincere.
Just because I frequent that sub, does not mean I agree 100% with everything they believe in. When you have entities that are basically controlling all forms of communication(Twitter, YouTube, Facebook) among the masses, there needs to be rules in place to protect the users.
What does that have to do with this situation. I once heard Obama say that marriage was between a woman and a man. Does that mean I disregard everything else he ever says?
Wouldn't even care that I got 5 kinds of herpies
Just buy a chick one and call them sexist and that you are a woman.
It’s safe to say he earn more than just a tip tonight, he earned the whole thing
Positive Shawn is a joke. I can’t wait till he’s gone
They did this last time by giving Hillary Clinton the debate questions before the debate. Only now that affect someone reddit likes do you all actually care.
You could also have enough time to make a hot lunch at home every day. Save money and get to relax more
This could be solved really easily by cops actually fucking ticketing people of thousand dollars for littering.
Then you obviously don’t have a problem with eating if you don’t understand how tough it is to stay on a diet and to be disciplined. It is not an easy thing to do, that’s why not everybody does it or can do it. Bad habits are some of the hardest things in the world to deal with. It’s actually just as hard to break a bad habit as it is to break a good habit.
Is it just me, Or is it starting to feel like the dad should do a paternity test no matter what these days?
That is just the going rate these days. It seems crazy just because of how much salaries have shot up in the last two years. When I look at true salary all I can see is five years ago and that salary was crazy. But when you look at what guys are making now, it’s not rare to see a team have a couple of players with guys making over 10 million a year.
I'm not triggered, I am just trying to suss out your thinking on this. If there is a march of 1 million people for children's healthcare, but there is one pedophile in the group, does it turn into a pedophile march?
I have some bad news for you.....
Granted, you immediately burst into flames as the millions of microscopic my sitter on your skin explode
No shit retard. I’m talking about why he still in power right now when the ability to recall him exists. Edit: spelling
Look up Grey Davis in California. He was recalled after 20 months into his second term.
Like drugs
Yeah there is https://ballotpedia.org/Laws_governing_recall_in_Virginia
The kids were being abused. What are you talking about? He shot the person responsible for allowing that to happen.
Not necessarily, you'd be surprised how these things can turn out. It all depends on the state it happened in.
He's fucking hilarious. Do people actually hate him?
I soooooo wish we had that here. Imagine some punk on public transportaion has his music on speaker and as he gets off the bus/train someone slaps him/her for being an asshole. I would actually enjoy paying my taxes for this
Yeah he did. Because the richest man was born penniless. Just like the rest of us
This guy speculates Colorado’s first for Kreider. As of right now that’s the 26OA pick in this upcoming draft. In my opinion that’s not enough for Kreids.
antifa has a uniform though. Thats the big difference
yeah? And? If someone is wearing American Flag apparel, they are wearing the uniform of a patriot. Thats how dressing alike works.
You are wearing the uniform of a giants fan.
Do me a favor. please repost with original title. Rule 5 is no editorializing titles, only original titles from the article. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-flint-idUSKBN1ZK1S5
There is one bum off the streets
In all fairness, she tells us how everybody feels. Not just her.
Not in Placer county. That dude is going away.
Well, he is right. No one in DC cares about the budget anymore
Take a shit in their bed, and your bed. Do it over and over and they will never suspect it was you because you are a "victim" too!
That scientific medical care was more than likely created by someone who believes in god.
That is not what this article or case is about. Read it and get back to me
Production. They already had years of resources, production, and scheduling laid out. You don't just stop that all of a sudden.
LOL, this keeps getting funnier and funnier. I would not be surprised if they all lose their job next election.
If you want to assert your dominance over your father, just suck your best friends dick. Edit: spelling
Is it because I get to flex on black people because I have parents, as in 2 of them?
Do you live on the west coast? Because that is not true at all. We are attracting the homeless from all over the country and they are in every town and city big enough to have a shelter/food kitchen. Very few of them are locals. Stop trying to spread lies and garbage. The homeless problem is almost entirely due to [drugs and alcohol abuse](https://www.city-journal.org/opiods-homelessness-west-coast). Go to ANY homeless camp, there are needles and pipes EVERYWHERE. The grip of the [homeless industrial complex](https://amgreatness.com/2019/07/13/americas-homeless-industrial-complex/) is starting to loosen and the truth is starting to come out.
Thats less than [a dollar an hour](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qv440W1xS44)
There aren't fucking sharks in the sky now, are there?
&gt; in particular healthcare. No, because almost every ranking of healthcare includes individual cost. Take that out and the US is at or near the top
the sadism/masochism bot
The best part is that I am a homeowner. I own the land I live on. The worst is that there is Sooooooooooo much work to do everyday to keep it up.
Is it because he said "I Sullendel" and no one knew what the hell that was?
I always try to look at it like this. What are the chances that Georgie, Tony, a late first round pick, or even our first round pick this year turn into half the player that Nylander is?
Thanks, but that doesn't even answer my question. What would you give up for him? Not, judge my offering. Edit: Nylander is 3 years younger top btw. That is huge in terms of what it would take to get him
I doubt they would trade Nylander for a rental and a solid backup with starter potential.
They’d rather have DeAngelo then Kreider, and we can’t afford to keep DeAngelo anyway.
This is exactly it. until the 1920's Everyone in New York was a Giants fan unless you lived in Brooklyn or the Bronx. They were the team.
go to the clips of the year show for 2018. I believe its on there.
woooooow
Stop 3rd wave feminism from thinking men are the enemy.
at the cost of.......
That's why you should have went with an all time great, like me.
World politics right here. Good post to show us all about it!
And he was right
No, I live in California. No state tax in the lottery but also no anonymity
Everyone can know, but it won’t matter. Within 48 hours of the winning numbers showing up on my ticket. I’ll have movers at my house moving everything out into a storage locker, and I’ll go to my cell phone provider and change my phone number and turn it to private so no one knows who has it. Other than that it’s easy because I don’t really talk to any of my family and I don’t have a whole Lotta friends. Then I would go except my money and then takeoff for Europe for six months and wait for it to all blow over.
How was there a full sized fridge in your fiat 500?
The problem with putting a shoe up your ass at Walmart, is that you don’t know how many other motherfuckers have put that same shoe up their ass that day.
&gt; But am I crazy to think it's possible Marshall could have been forced out? The show started off the New Year not having a regular news cast without missing a beat; initially I thought Marshall may be replaced. If you remember, it took them a while to find Hanson to replace Vince. It wasn’t the next day. &gt; The show does have a recent history of curious departures. Vincent left abruptly and A &amp; G provided baseless reasons why on air. The curious departures aren’t really a thing. You just need to remember that none of those guys work for Jack and Joe. They work for iHeartRadio, and the station. Vince made too much money. So the station let him go. Before him, Dominic broke the rules by using the Armstrong and Getty name to try to advertise his own personal podcast. He was worn by management, but he kept doing it. &gt; Knowing that A &amp; G just renewed their contract, perhaps Marshall wasn't part of their future plans. Thoughts? I think marshals departure has been in the works for a while. If you remember six months ago he started talking about putting his condo on the market. It was for a reason and now we know it. He’s probably just worked for a long ass time, what like 60 years in radio. I really do think he just retired.
Oh yeah, I remember that. I also remember Dominic explaining it on his podcast that that’s what happened. Oh well. I guess I shouldn’t believe a child molester over Jack and Joe.
I was actually talking about a specific dog that runs those races. Here’s the video https://youtu.be/gy8zUBkd-8U
The police in the UK arrest of people in the middle of the night[The police in the UK arrest of people in the middle of the night](https://www.businessinsider.com/in-britain-police-arrest-twitter-and-facebook-users-if-they-make-anti-muslim-statements-2013-5) for making disparaging terms about Islam on Facebook and Twitter. No cost of violence just calling Muslim scumbags. Tommy Robinson was sentenced to jail time[Tommy Robinson was sentenced to jail time](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2019/jul/04/tommy-robinson-due-in-court-for-contempt-case) for reporting on a pedophile Muslim court case. From the article: &gt; A reporting restriction was put in place which postponed the publication of any details of the case until the end of a series of linked trials involving 29 defendants, to try to ensure all defendants received a fair trial. The judge told the press they were not allowed to report on an ongoing court case. Can you imagine that shit here in the US? Hell no. Because we have free-speech here they do not have free-speech there. &gt; What have I lied about exactly? Quote me please. Ok: &gt; But they do have freedom of speech They obviously don’t. Everybody knows it except for you. [Here](https://www.theweek.co.uk/97552/hate-speech-vs-free-speech-what-are-the-uk-laws) is a great article about free speech vs hate speech in the UK. From the law: &gt; Under Article 10 of the Human Rights Act 1998, “everyone has the right to freedom of expression” in the UK. But the law states that this freedom “may be subject to formalities, conditions, restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society. &gt; Those restrictions may be “in the interests of national security, territorial integrity or public safety, for the prevention of disorder or crime, for the protection of health or morals, for the protection of the reputation or rights of others, for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence, or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary”. Lol, So they have free speech, but only if the government decides they can have free speech. And the government is the sole party responsible for determining what kind of free speech at citizens can have.
I forget where I saw it, or heard it. But if everyone around you is an asshole, it’s you that’s the asshole.
This is the way a new series gets made. Apple+ or Netflix would launch it in a heartbeat.
Duh, but no one on r/stargate cares about that
What Star Trek are you talking about? Picard is great so far and Discovery has come into it's own.
No shit. The article is about the purchase of the company that owns the rights to Stargate. That same company, MGM, owns the rights to Bond, Robocop, and other movies and properties. How are you that dumb?
It [broke records](https://www.bellmedia.ca/the-lede/press/star-trek-picard-premieres-with-the-biggest-audience-in-the-history-of-ctv-sci-fi-channel/) in other countries that doont have CBS all access so it had to be shown on tv
&gt; But, when people think this is the best place on Earth, why go anywhere else? It isn't just that. It's also the fact of how huge America is. It is basically 8 different countries. (New England, Mid Atlantic, South, Rust Belt, Mid West, South West, Pacific Northwest, West). If you want to experience different cultures that happen to use the same money and passport, you don't even have to leave you country.
No she wouldn't, and you know it. Children are not taken into account in this.
You do get that the cushy life you lead with cheap goods is because of the stability our military brings to the world, right? Is it all necessary? No, but a lot of it is. Because without our presence, piracy would be rampant and the mostly global peace we have seen in the last 70 years would be non-existent. This in turn would cause prices to skyrocket on everything.
because the govt gives you free money?
This is obviously anecdotal, but It depends. I have traveled extensively both from when I was in the military and as a civilian. Other than great memories, I didn't get much from my travels. My world view wasn't expanded, I didn't suddenly understand why government mandated healthcare was necessary. All that happens when I travel is I can't wait to get home after about a week.
I see your point. I guess I was only looking at it from the view of how did the world change my view of the world. I guess I went into it knowing I loved where I am from. So it didn't sway me. The only real thing I gained was knowing that I would love to marry a red headed Scottish girl.
I don't mean to be crass, but....sex. Men are very physical creatures. If you have sex with him as often as you can, he won't ever doubt you.
Ernie Johnson and Brian Amderson were only ever play by play guys and Verducci was replaced in the booth because, hold for it, he wasn’t a baseball player.
There’s a difference between a play-by-play announcer who is rarely a former player, and a color commentator. Jessica Mendoza is a color commentator. She needs to have play the game to do that role. Buster Olney is a sideline reporter, Matt Vasgerian Does play by play. Those are two different jobs than what she was doing.
That’s a bullshit take. I am a jerk because I only want former baseball players to be color commentators? OK. Fast pitch Softball is different enough of a game that it doesn’t translate well to be able to know the skills To play baseball. Batting is different, baserunning is different, fielding is different. Pitching is different. It looks very similar but it’s not when you get down to the details. I don’t care if a woman wants to do play-by-play. That’s a skill that is learned in honed over the year. But to be a color commentator, you need to have played the game that you’re commentating on.
Look who came before him, and look who replaced him. It’s obvious.
Are states even allowed to do this?
2.6% of the population asked us to leave so we should. Can you imagine if the US made decisions based on what 2.6% of our population protested about?
Universities are not exactly the bastion of sanity these days, are they?
At the cost of almost a billion USD a year.
I hope they made a statue of this BEAST!!!
Upvote.....wait. I thought you said kid fister. downvote instead
I am not saying yay or nay, I am saying it is not an equivalent.
No it isn't. The clitoris has 8,000 nerve endings on it. More than the entire penis put together. The equivalent would be cutting back the labia.
No it isn't. I don't care is a perfectly good answer.
We don’t have 8 million Muslim extremists that are really doing the bidding of Iran here though do we?
Unless they want help you can do NOTHING for them.
Pine Straw*
Pine straw is a southern thing as far as I know. I’m from California and we always just called them Pineneedles. Not until I lived in Georgia that I hear the words pine straw
100% a Russian attempt to further sew discord. 95% of the shit on this sub is.
Immigrants? Yes. Illegal immigrants? No
Call an ambulance for what? The 50 millionth time someone has said this?
I was really hoping EOD would blow up her suspicious luggage
First off this breaks rule 3. Second, What the fuck did you expect? You are either a retard or a troll.
Herro to you too!
Entering into private property with the intent of malice. I know that locations are different, but it’s close to the same thing. A lot closer than the difference between jaywalking and breaking in entering.
The militarization of the police happened after that incident in Los Angeles were the [police got absolutely wrecked](https://youtu.be/Wty8VSi4Fs0) by dudes and full body armor and military gear. Police have to be able to respond to these kinds of people. But the average officer/deputy does not need this stuff. If it’s a special tactical police team, that’s fine. But every single police officer on the beat does not need grenade launchers.
I don’t think this is crazy. Why wouldn’t company start making cartridges with how far trip, and storage technology has come in the last 30 years. We are at the limit of what a single Blu-ray disc and hold. And now we’re starting to look at games coming with multiple discs again. Or, you could have a tiny little cartridge that has a big ass SSD drive on it that could hold a TB of information. All that needs to happen is the cost needs to come down
Libertarianism is the right though. Its further right than the current people described as right
What? The political scale runs left to right from more govt to less govt. Communist&lt;Socialist&lt;Liberal&lt;Middle&gt;Conservative&gt;Libertarian&gt;Fascist&gt;Anarchist
Make a profile on the same site and match with him. Then confront him with divorce papers. It's the only real and fair option.
Yeah baby, practice number nine. I’ll be home in a bit
Joe Biden is not libertarian, And neither are the shills trying to convince libertarians to vote for him.
Ah yes, u/TheGreenTable, the gatekeeper of all that is libertarian. I was wondering when you were going to show up. Please explain to me what the fundamentals of libertarianism are!!
When you replace the sway bar, you need an alignment too
Even when the Rangers beat the Canes, the only way they don't play the Bruins in the 1st round is if somehow the Habs pull a rabbit out of their collective asses and beat the Pens. Edit: I take it back. I forgot they are doing a 3 game round robin to determine the seeding of the top 4. So root for the Habs and then IDK
The only way the Rangers play the Caps is if the Rangers beat the Canes and then the Caps win the round robin
I don’t think you’re getting it. Wayne Brady and Aisha Tyler weren’t telling jokes. They were trying to score back racial points. there’s a huge difference. You can actually hear it in the crowd. What they did is actually super cringe worthy. But you do you. I’m sure your wet blanket of a personality wins over plenty of fucking idiots. But a blanket statement of “you’re racist” won’t really fly with me. So good luck in your quest.
LOL, ok. Lets watch EVERY standup routine on Netflix, then come back and talk to me about how my humor and shitty opinion is becoming irrelevant. The real issue here is that you are a bigot. You are 100% intolerant of other people's beliefs if you don't agree with them. Maaaaaybe spend some time off of Reddit and Twitter and find out what the real world is like.
As a 6’4” guy. This is my dream
What we saw last week was a bracket system that would’ve stayed the same to the whole playoffs. But now we know that after each round, they are going to reseed. So basically, the only way we don’t end up playing the number one seed is if the only team that is lower than the Rangers, which is the Canadians, beats the Penguins. And, of course, the Rangers have to beat the hurricanes too.
69, And I think you can guess
I fell like my length is ok, but I would like another inch on my girth
It depends on what your idea of violent racist is? I looked through your post history. I know it’s a dickhead thing to do but I still did. You saying that the dude in Tacoma, that we don’t actually know what happened. At least you don’t know the whole story. By a lot of reddit, would be considered racist for not taking the black man’s side immediately. That’s a site wide ban for you. That’s where this is headed. They aren’t gonna be happy until this place is Tumblr. That’s why people need to fight this.
How so? Because we want unlimited free speech? Not just speech that is protected from the government?
I neither implied, nor did I insist that they were violating my constitutional rights or in any way illegal. Freedom of speech is a principle that supports the freedom of an individual or a community to articulate their opinions and ideas without fear of retaliation, censorship, or legal sanction. This is plain and simple retaliation. Is a private entity doing it? Yeah. Are they allowed to? Yeah. Is it fucked up that they are doing it? Yeah.
Here’s the problem with that. A completely uninflammatory statement to most of the people in the world such as “I don’t think illegal immigrants should be crossing the border into our country to work” is considered hate speech by a minority of people. It’s considered a completely racist thing to say. And it is in no way racist. And because of that, hate speech is not clearly defined. Because what is hate speech to a small minority of people is completely normal and reasonable to a vast majority of people.
I am also the only mod at r/conservativenews so you can go there too for discussions about news topics
Are those not the Vegas odds? Because I think they are. And if that’s the case, that just means a shit load of people put Raiders on the Rangers to win it all when they were 500 to 1 odds or whatever they were when it first came out. Has nothing to do with how good people think they are. And it has everything to do with how many people are betting on them.
No shit you dumb fuck. But it’s gone way fucking overboard. It’s fairytale town now or anything in their deepest desire they just fucking make up and report it as headline news. How stupid are you?
FMK Who is the middle chick?
Granted. You are shot back in time 150,000 years. So today’s technology is two sticks you rub together to make a fire. But since you don’t know how to do that, you are dead in a week of exposure.
The 100th anniversary away jersey is fucking awesome
I take it one step further with a discipline. And every day before I go to bed, I login and pay my credit card bill. Every, single, day.
You can also make the argument that Yoda has spent 900 years fighting the huge temptation of the dark side. He, singularly, is more prepared for the journey than any other character in almost any other series.
Jellystone. Too many Pic-A-Nic baskets
born in 1980. This is pretty good. Late gen x is spot on for me.
New York is in a funky zone kind of like KY and CO and TX. Part of it is in New England, Part of it is in the Mid Atlantic, and part of it is in the Rust Belt
Polls also showed Texas in a tossup in 2016 and Trump won by 9 points. I seriously doubt the validity of these polls
This whole thing is unconstitutional because it is a states right to determine how it's police are used.
Nothing showed up under a google image search. Are there other pics?
The fact that the country with the 3rd highest population and 3rd largest land mass was even in the top 10 this long is the real surprising thing.
I know the pants aren't denim colored, but that complaint is wearing Canadian tuxedos
The state oppresses me every day that I have to pay income taxes, so it looks like we will never talk
What does any of that have to do with their 2A advocacy?
I’m sorry, do you think that the amount of money the US puts towards public education is bullshit? And should be higher? You do realize it’s the highest per capita than anyone in the entire world, right?
The Chinese have a really bad reputation for all of the things that your daughter worries about. I doesn't mean she is ashamed, it just means she is actively trying to not be a part of the stereotype. Edit: Spelling
I'm sorry. How does this support BLM? I assume all posts on this sub now have to support BLM. That is why it was shut down so long, right?
Does Sven mean nothing to anyone anymore?
One of the big changes the Air Force made post 9/11 was enacting an Aerospace Expeditionary Force protocol. Which would allow it to move a ton off assets anywhere in the world in 48-72 hours.
Just a reminder. Just because you think something is fascism, doesn't mean that it is actually fascism.
So what I am hearing, is that she supports cops using drugs to subdue people?
She can do this because she has fuck you money.
First off. This is soooo not cringe Second, it keeps getting better and better.
Clark was good, and my fav player, but McCovey was an all time great at 1st base. He is probably the fifth the best player that ever put on a Giants uniform in the last 140 years or however long it’s been. 1. Mays 2. Bonds 3. Mathewson 4. Ott 5. McCovey
I’ll trade your Will Clark gold glove for a Willie McCovey NL MVP award.
Placer County actually is a part of the traditional state of Jefferson. It’s the southernmost county of the SOJ and is also the most populous. It is where his office is located In a town called Roseville. Really conservative suburb of Sacramento.
These idiots are opening themselves up to get fucked. Basically, qualified immunity is for any government employee. Not just police officers. So if The house of representatives one day pass is a hate speech Bill, the entire house can be personally sued house member by house member for infringing on constitutional rights.
The specific protections offered by qualified immunity though, or if the government employees specifically infringes on your constitutional rights. I understand what you’re saying that they’re supposed to make laws, but they’re supposed to make laws within the constitution. So if they make laws that are outside of the constitution, and specifically go against what the Constitution says, this falls under them make an action specifically against what the Constitution says.
Anyone who believes Trump wouldn't leave the White House if he lost, lives in fantasy land and also believes that ancient aliens is a legitimate show to get information from..
Yes, it is 100% nonsense to me. Keep in mind that I am a Republican voter who loves DJT's policies, but hates him as a person. There is absolutely zero reason to believe that he would refuse to leave office if he loses the election. This is a constant problem with the left vs the right in how they deal with Trump. The left takes his words seriously and disregards his actions. The right takes his actions seriously and disregards his words.
I thought it was scooby doo when it first popped up
I hope this isnt the Bethesda game that was speculated to be shown
2022? fuck
I feel like I am about to be preached to
White? Racist
Welcome to the problem of owning a VW. Way cheaper to buy than other German car is that we know of. But just as expensive to fix
I would like to point out that McDavid is basically doing this without a decent team around him. Crosby had a Stanley cup winning team to support him and take pressure off of him.
I had the same problem with my F22. Try shutting off your APU first
its a joke because you put f15 in your title instead of f150. The APU is a n Auxillary Power Unit used to help jump start fighter jets
[Here](https://www.google.com/search?q=coconut+kitty+topless&amp;rlz=1C1OKWM_enUS867US867&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjPwcrUz_zpAhVHsp4KHaLXAHEQ_AUoAXoECAsQAw&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=937)
Everywhere. 1 in 9 men are victims of it. And often, if they call the cops, they are asked to leave the house.
2 houses. One pimp pad, and one regular house. The regular house is so I can find a wife that doesn't want to marry me for my money
If this is true, it will not fit in my entertainment center
Even Euro Gamer says this is fan made and not official. Sony hasn't released the size specs yet.
Every R&amp;C introduces new weapons and powers. A crack in time it was a full on platformer though. The next 2 after were the one built for 4 players, and then the one that coincided with the movie. This one is a true R&amp;C game
I will survive. Cake knocked it out of the park.
I’ve heard it a couple places before and I’m really starting to buy into it now. The university system in America is turning into a net negative for society.
He throws like shit
KFM K has best body but ugliest face F is middle middle M has prettiest face by far
How is this murdered by words? The US, which is what the federal government is constantly referred to ours, is not a democratic republic. We, as the people, make zero direct electoral choices as to how the government is run. Our elected representatives do. Now, the state, county, and city governments are very much democratic republic‘s. While we elect representatives to make choices for us, we often have direct electoral say in what goes on. So that’s cool the guy is a PhD in political science, but he doesn’t know what the fuck he’s talking about.
POF in a nutshell
If I have to explain to you what a democracy means in the sense of how the government is run, I don’t know what to tell you. I already explained it once. If you don’t get it, I don’t know what to tell you. You can continue to be an obtuse piece of shit, it’s your right in this republic.
The United States is a representative republic. As specifically laid out as not a democracy in the Federalist papers number 10 by James Madison. Read it, learn about it. The founding fathers very specifically set up the system to not be a democracy. To be a republic. Because the people cannot be trusted to govern themselves.
Let’s just give a black owned business a business license to operate in the city of Minneapolis......aaand they burned it down
Why the fuck is there a little kid at the protest? Especially when these protest tend to get violent.
Not Reopening is going to destroy the economy and kill people. Reopening is going to kill people. These are your two choices.
People with no faith are annoying/s
What about it?
Gotcha. George Floyd is a religious zealot that takes children away from their families to indoctrinate them. /s
The question you always need to ask yourself, is do you want OEM parts? The quality is almost always better and the warranty is superior. Most of the time, the "cheap" part is exactly that, cheap Chinese crap. So, you do have the option to buy the part yourself and bring it to the mechanic, but they won't warranty it.
You are all a bunch of cunts. The system worked. The people acted the way they wanted, but you just had to stick your fat fucking noses in to what? Be involved? Get fucked.
Hi
It is from an evolution of the hermit crab junker which is called scrap. See the picture below for a description. When you use your DNA points, It is the first available category for the hermit crab. https://i.imgur.com/9PowLFQ.jpg
Because it has zero to do with a free speech issue. It’s just someone’s fucking opinion About the topic of the day.
You are then arrested for distributing child porn. You now spend the rest of your life in prison, and on the sex offender registry.
Being Woke is Being a Joke
Jezz, Have you ever seen a more editorialize title? First off, the outcome listed is not what the ruling was. And second, they’re not legal immigrants. They’re illegal immigrants in the DACA program
In no way did the Supreme Court say that Trump couldn’t end DACA. They said that the way he did end DACA is not the way that you do it. Basically there is a legal structure in place on how you end a program like DACA. He did not follow that. All he has to do is follow the proper procedure, and the program will be ended.
Don’t tell me how to live my life
“Arbitrary and capricious under the APA” means that they didn’t do the proper procedure necessary to end the program. This is not a rebuke against Trump ending DACA, it was just a commentary that proper procedure wasn’t followed. Once proper procedure IS followed, DACA will be ended.
whats an asssir?
10 is not nearly as good as Tony-Happy, Tony-Rhodes, or even Tony-Robot arm
That is the most unrealistic part of what I just saw. And I just saw a 100 ft tall guy punch a flying dragon thing
eBay has one framed and listed for $2500 https://www.ebay.com/itm/123105417251
No, I got it. I just thought it was funny. Plus Max Kellerman works for ESPN and he just shit all over hockey
FMK Because redheads FTW
Manly: UFC and hockeyfights. Girly: I love Rom Coms
MKF
I left my comment a month ago, but my opinion hasn’t changed. My point isn’t that we don’t need to worry about anyone getting infected. This disease is highly infectious. My point is that people are acting like getting it is an automatic death sentence. And that is just plain false. The death rates of anyone under the age of 50 are almost nonexistent unless you have a pre-existing condition. That’s my point. People acting like just getting it immediately means you have a 50% chance of dying is fear mongering and it’s just not true. Especially for professional athletes. Also One of the things we don’t know about Auston Matthews and the Tbl and Arz players is whether or not they are asymptomatic or are they actually showing signs of coronavirus? There’s no reason to overreact until there’s an actual reason to overreact. Edit: spelling
I mean, he wasn’t at the bottom. He was at number 16 out of what? 120?
You can say you agree to disagree. But they are playoff games. They are the definition of meaningful . I don’t care what your excuses as to why you think they’re meaningless. But they are meaningful.
KMF
That call you got was the estimate being provided
buying the master switch: easy changing the master switch: Lots of labor
Oh, yeah. I misread that. In every state I have ever lived in, it is illegal for them to not give you an estimate before the work is done. So you are either leaving out a big part of the story, or you have a lawsuit on your hands.
If he gets fired, I'm done with the CW for good
OH NO! He is attempting to delegitimize the election. I also heard that he won't leave the white house if he loses, and that he is going to become dictator. What else am I missing from these reports about what he will do?
Granted, he comes back for you to say goodbye and then immediately dies. You have to relive the agony of his death again and again and again and again because he’s coming back for five seconds every single day for the rest of your life
Time to move over to /r/Divorce_Men and talk to them. You already made the great move of making her move out. Now file quickly before she tries to come back home
Break up with her. She is on the way to "wokeness" and a false rape claim is coming very soon
2 sets of rules for 2 sets of people. This has never ended badly
Man gets sucker punched on Facebook live* FTFY
He literally just reported only the facts of what’s going on. Bitch about something else, you’ll live longer.
What I am wondering, is why you’re going into the situation thinking that you’re not gonna win custody? Fight for that shit. You have the money to do it. That’s the way you get out of that 25% pretax child support. Is by getting 50% or more of custody.
On top of this, the reason claimed by the feds to redact is that it features classified info. Whatever federal judge sees this will not have the authority to declassify it. It will go nowhere.
Why do you assume so much? Just because it didn't work for them, doesn't mean it won't work for you. Also, keep in mind that the kids are 14 and 15. The court will give them a choice who they want to live with. Don't give up brother! Fight for your rights to be a parent!!
I just want to remind everyone that this is not some selfless act. He’s going to get hit by this. But, this has been agreed-upon by the players. 50%. They need to hold up their end of the bargain.
What does this idiot think is gonna happen under Medicare for all?
Granted, greed is replace by lust. Rapes shoot through the roof by 1,000,000%.
As someone mentioned above, if Carolina wins the first overall pick, the best Toronto can pick possibly is 12. so the only chance rangers actually have of getting that first round pick is to lose, and then be the team that won the draft
Dude, r/NHL is throwing around the term generational talent. It’s ridiculous.
Everything you just mentioned that Sony gave up on is a gimmick. Sound from the controllers, motion control, the touchpad actually doing anything. Any game in the last six years that I’ve got that has those, the very first thing I do is get rid of them. I turn off the feature, and if you can’t turn Off the feature, I don’t play the game. If I want to get back I’ll play my switch. Those gimmicks do not make these games more immersive for me personally. The only thing I really liked of what you mention was remote play, with the problem with remote players unless you’re playing on a PS Vita in the same house as the PS4, the lag is too much to actually playing a game. So I am actually in a different boat than you. I hope they have very few gimmicky things. Because it’s just a waste of time.
Here’s the big point you’re missing with Medicare for all. Every single estimate that comes out about Medicare for all has it costing as much or more than the current budget of the federal government. The current budget of the federal government is $4 trillion a year. The estimates for Medicare for all or at least $4 trillion a year. That means that EVERYBODYS Income tax has to double to be able to afford Medicare for all. On top of that, a huge portion of the population pays no income tax at all. So now we are in a situation where not only our peoples income tax is going to basically double, but you’re still gonna have a huge portion of the population that pays zero income tax. Which means they pay nothing into the system that they’re demanding that they have. I won’t even go into the whole issue of the freedom of choice will be taken away from you. Because one of the huge things about Americans is that nobody likes to be told what to do, especially not by the federal government.
Boo hoo That’s how much I’m crying because your feelings are hurt.
These questions are stupid. This team is not winning the Stanley Cup. It’s too weak defensively. Everyone here should be rooting for this team to lose in game five, hopefully in overtime, and then have a shot at the first round pick. That is literally the best case scenario. Because there’s no chance this team is beating the Bruins, or the blues, or the nights, or Colorado,. Their defense sucks too much to beat those teams
This upcoming season is the only season that’s gonna be tough. And that is just because TDA and Stromer are RFA’s. It’s a real question As to whether or not the Cap space that’s available is enough to resign both of them. But, after the season, it’s gonna be a while until there’s a huge cap issue. Because stall, Smith, and Lundqvist coming off the books are going to be replaced by 3 entry level deals. That’s going to cause this team to go after another big star. Edit: spelling
It always works like that. The people in my life that I know that are against Medicare for all the most are doctors and nurses. Because they’re in the system and they know how much worse it would be if the government had control of it.
So the answer is, there is no list. Got it. So it’s just a fucking hypothetical talking point. Great
He’s in 4WD low. 40 is pushing it
The term "little spinner" means something waaay different these days
You are now banned from /r/Sino
If you get bit by a bat, [you have other things to worry about.](https://youtu.be/4Vic0qKl64Y)
You are now banned from r/sino
You are LUCKY!!! Ask him what he misses the most from his playing days? Also, ask him what it was like to completely shut down what is arguably the greatest hockey team ever put together, when he stopped Canada in the 96' WC of hockey?
