That blonde woman in the front row looks like a haunted mannequin come to life
ESPN is way worse, you get zero corner footage and you see replays DURING rounds.
Lol....
SEETHING
He literally did not say that dude...quotes imply that's exactly what he said. He said he's not quite ready to annoying Ruiz the Joshua killer just yet and went on to give him praise but saying the next fight will be more telling.
HBO was still around when DAZN started so they had work at the time.
Did that announcer just say "the twat of his career"?
There was an hour and a half break between the co-main and GGG v. Canelo 2 Not even close
Holy shit the mannequin has infiltrated GGG's dressing room
Lol yes thanks
Yes, the haunted mannequin come to life
The Kazakh people really love their robes, don't they?
They are so bad and I try really hard to get into them.
It's pretty average looking, looks ok but its not incredible by any stretch.
Former boxing champion Sergio Mora was correct though...
Based Hearn
Perfect excuse to tell yourself, you not paying is doing the right thing. What a joke.
You can go round by round on my card and start picking at it but you arent being charitable by isolating 3 rounds. Look at all 12 and tell me where I'm wrong or blustering in my scoring. Never heard of that website but there's no way Floyd won this fight and its not arrogance on my part to suggest I had an easy time scoring the the fight. There's no way someone honestly came to the conclusion that Floyd won this fight. I have complete certainty that he lost having watched this fight multiple times.
Did you have an easy time scoring GGG v. Canelo 1 or do you also have the view that because there were swing rounds that a range of results are possible? Because there is disagreement does not mean a general consensus does not exist.
Flipping 2 rounds is an extremely tall order in that fight. Castillo dominated his rounds and Floyd eeked out his.
A draw is not outside the realm of possibility but its as generous as you can have it for Floyd tbh.
Anthony "Anthony Joshua" Joshua
JenniferLawrenceOK.gif
He at most deserves the #3 spot. We've just accepted he is one of the best in the world but he unified a weak 140 division against a part time police officer and won his title of Jeff Horn who was beaten soundly by a geriatric Pacquiao. Bud is very good but he's not the best in the world.
Teams, coaches and trainers say "we", that's completely normal
I want to believe
Adonis Stevenson?
Chisora still sounds ok so there's hope but how about Eggington? He only knows how to take beatings.
Anyone know the max yield amounts in farming for the different categories? E.g. max of 50 strawberries per allotment.
&gt;PPV Definite no for me, dog. Despite this being a good fight, it's not deserving of a PPV. Side Note: People are playing up Mikey's Mexican support, which definitely turned up for the Spence fight, but he got thoroughly shit on by Mexican twitter and is pretty much seen as a joke. Going 12 rounds doesn't mean much to Mexicans, it's the bare minimum. I will be extremely surprised if this does well especially as Danny doesn't have much fans himself.
And I like how you assume people like me and family will just turn up for Mikey because he's Mexican (he's Mexican American, which is different as well). I'm telling you that Mexicans were shitting on him online post fight. On here as well there were a ton of Mexicans saying the same stuff. We are simple and predictable people - if you dont go all out, you're nothing. Invoking the memory of Juan Manuel Marquez and Julio Cesar Chavez in your ring walk and putting on that performance, regardless of the caliber of opponent, will be met with ridicule. I'm telling you that's what I'm seeing as a Mexican in the community who was very interested in what people were saying. I'm not speaking for all Mexicans but I feel extremely confident I know what we are feeling overall.
Christ this ref ....
2-1 Tabiti but Dorticos must be feeling good about how the fight is being played.
Dorticos 3-2
It's mostly annoying whenever that happens. It's inconsequential but it bothers me lol
Curious about this as well
Translator totally forgot to answer the question. Dorticos simply said he wishes both the next fighters luck and good health and may the best man win.
About what time will that fight start? In how many minutes?
What in the fuck has happened
wow
This whole card was just such a shock and surprise to me this morning, complete 10/10. I did not expect this at all.
Blood coming from Warrington's nose
Haven't seen such a boring fight in a long time.
*raises fist after each round*
So is Thurman rusty and unmotivated enough to lose to a 40 year old, past his prime Pacquiao? That's the intrigue for this $74.99 PPV?
The Costa Rica kit is so fresh, man
Christ almighty what a goal. Bryan Ruiz you creative god
There's been zero evidence of him donating his purse from the Wilder fight. He was asked by Max Kellerman where he donated his purse and Fury said he doesn't like talking about his personal life lmao.
Can't help but laugh when these types of dudes are the ones we are arguing with about scorecards, decisions, analysis, etc.
NYC is spoiled as fuck, they are so lucky
Has anyone noticed that Bloodvelds drop bowstrings now? I have never seen them drop them and they suddenly do out of nowhere. Interesting...
Ah that must be it. I only slayed them in the canifis slayer tower until today. Thank you!
One of my previous comments: &gt;Completely worth it. I've had it since November last year for Usyk v. Bellew and have loved it. They show virtually all Sky Sport UK fights, World Boxing Super Series, Matchroom USA, Golden Boy fights, Canelo, GGG, Anthony Joshua, Sor Rungvisai, Daniel Jacobs, Lemieux, Usyk, Munguia, Gasiev, a ton of others. There are fights virtually every weekend. If you are a hardcore boxing fan, you're going to love it. That is worth $100 easily ($8 or so a month is cheap as hell). &gt;**1 Year of all of the above = Garcia v. Spence PPV + $25** &gt;It's a no brainer
How would that positively promote him?
Pacquiao v. Broner - $74.99 Spence v. Garcia - $74.99 Pacquiao v. Thurman - $74.99 Garcia v. Garcia - $74.99 Spence v. Porter - $74.99 **Total - $374.95** That's almost 4 years of DAZN
Because we get such amazing commentary on Fox with that baby boomer football announcer. Best announcers and team money can buy! PBC is robbing everyone blind here no matter how you spin it.
The Garcia v. Garcia fight should never be on PPV to begin with.
What a fucking asshole, fuck him.
Tank standing on phone books lol
Spence v. Mikey is the biggest mismatch in the last 5 years and it was $75, lmao. Was Pac v. Broner not a $75 mismatch either or did you also think it would be close? Canelo v. Jacobs and AJ v. Ruiz have been the events of the year and it hasn't even been close.
I think Kownacki will have an easy time with Arreola. Arreola looked very sloppy and out of shape in his comeback fight.
Byrd immediately demanded he get up. He thought he was faking as he didn't catch how bad it was. He would've probably stopped the fight somehow.
Bravo, that is amazing.
Khan will never get the Pac fight at this point. Khan v. Brook might finally happen.
The 2nd fight had judges selected by GGG's team. The first fight had a disgusting scorecard but the 2nd fight was judged perfectly fine.
Round 2 of Briedis v. Glowacki is definitely up there for strangest moment in recent times.
Thanks man, appreciate it. I always knew I was saying it wrong when each time I said it outloud, it was different lol.
Crumb's YouTube channel is a goldmine of info on bots. He covers everything you are looking for.
Mismatches and PBC, name a more iconic duo
Some people just start right at death threats, let's be real.
Petition to rename them Puerto Pobre
He's the fighting pride of Ireland, he's as white as they come
Maybe so but PBE is definitely winning as of late: &gt;Selby v. Broner Probably at 140 or even a higher catchweight, Selby fought at 125 last year &gt;Mikey v. Spence 2 weight classes &gt;Gervonta Davis v. Pretty much everyone the last few years
Impressive that you found a way to shit on everyone to feel superior
Andrade v. Sulecki for the WBO middleweight title and Yafai and Joseph Parker on the undercard is an excellent card and will compete with the Showtime card. Mexico v. Costa Rica is on right at the same time as both these cards however so viewership will be down.
Lol so only poor people can complain about the quality of the cards? Take 2019 on the whole: **Broner v. Pacquiao - $75** **Spence v. Garcia - $75** **Thurman v. Pacquiao - $75** **Mikey v. Danny Garcia - $75** **Spence v. Porter - $75** **Wilder v. Ortiz 2 - $75** That's **$450** for the year *so far*. The first two cards of the year have not been worth the $150. We got a hilarious post fight interview from Broner and a one sided beat down of a fighter who has no business at 147. That's not a good return on money. **Thurman v. Pacquiao** is being discussed on here as a fighter who looked really bad in his last fight possibly being rusty enough to lose to 40 y.o. politician Manny Pacquiao. Not intriguing nor important in the 147 landscape to be honest. It's a UD in the making as Pacquiao hasn't KOd anyone in almost 10 years and Thurman in almost 6 years. **Mikey v. Danny**, the guy who got humiliated on the world stage who looked like a welterweight butterbean against the guy who lost his last 2 title fights. Good luck trying to bill a Chicano who was roundly made fun of by Mexicans post fight on social media and a Puerto Rican who doesn't speak Spanish as "Mexico v. Puerto Rico". Absolutely not a PPV worthy fight. Spence v. Porter makes sense as a PPV fight but its barely making it. **Wilder v. Ortiz 2** is actually a fantastic event that more than deserves PPV distinction. People are upset at the prices being charged, not because they have "no money", but because it's not commensurate with the quality they are getting. I've bought every PPV since 2014 and can easily afford all of these but at a certain point you need to stop letting these companies take advantage of you. $450 is a fuck load of money no matter how you spin it.
Not fully on the hype train. He's looked ok bordering on average in many of his fights but looked very good against Groves. Style match up or quality of older Groves at the literal end of his career aside, he's a large fighter who will trouble a smaller Canelo. But this talk of absolutely destroying him is really beyond me.
Mikey don't want that smoke
Pedraza gave Lomachenko his worst beating since Salido. Campbell would do well to better that.
Lmao no reply as expected.
The school needs to rebuild
*bangs drum rhythmically*
Oscar de la Hoya - Ranma 1/2
Miller - Extremely thick 2 incher
Formula 1 driving skillset is better in a street fight
The other guy replying to you is obviously talking shit but honestly I think you're right.
There are dozens of us!
Does anyone think Booker got a ton of questions so far?
No one is desperate for Canelo v. Charlo at all
No belts are being made here. Canelo essentially vacated. This Franchise thing isn't a real belt.
Kovalev has been KOd 2 times in as many years and is noticeably getting gassed quickly and is slowing down. Not at all like Spence who is at his absolute physical prime. Plus the difference in quality between Canelo and Mikey is immense.
People are forgetting that Kovalev has been KOd 2 times in as many years and has been getting gassed faster and faster with each passing fight. He is declining and people seem to be ignoring that or haven't been watching his fights post-Ward 1.
What's that? Never heard of it
Feel bad for Arum, it's a thin crowd tonight
Yesssssss, you know Loma has been discussed
1. Showtime 2. ESPN 3. DAZN ..... &gt;-9999. FOX
He actually deserves the hype imo. He himself though goes overboard.
Commey is a strange surname for someone from Ghana.
Lol don't act like you knew that. Just strange see an Anglo surname in Africa.
Why is Tessitore whispering?
Commey has great power but is a bad finisher and moves terribly - stumbled all over the place.
Wasn't that the next-day weigh in where the limit was 170? It didn't show either fighters' final in-the-ring weight.
It's a piece on pigeon racing not the politics of Brexit - it's supposed to be light lmao
Charlo is gonna hold the WBC hostage and demand people cross the street for him over to Showtime/Fox. We won't see Charlo versus the top dogs anytime soon
The guy who has fought over on Fox and Showtime his entire career is a free agent. Sure. And Jermall has frozen himself out similar to Crawford over at top tank. All the MW talent is on DAZN because that's where all the belts were, no one cared enough to intentionally freeze him out lmao.
I'm not a big fan of this ref, don't know his name but he's annoyed me each time I've seen him.
Robert Garcia was in California yesterday, Rhode Island today, must be exhausted
I thought that too but they've been doing it for months now, I have to assume they actually like it each other lol
The ref asked "Where are we?" St. Juste: Boxing ring Ref: Sorry, I'm looking for Duncan Donuts Center, fights over
Ricardo Mayorga flair when?
I'll Venmo you $10
My guy Joseph Parker ✊
There will be no survivors
The one that is not Kumiko is pound for pound #1
Next fight, maybe 30-40 minutes away I'd say
What did Hearn even say to begin with?
Probably a branch
Andrade listening to Michael Jackson just cracks me up
Lol why are they booing Yafai?
God I miss Chocolatito
WAR PARKER
Best event in a while honestly
Parker needs to throw some hooks to mix up with the straights
It was not happening for Leapai, the stoppage was fine
What a damn round lol
Where do you work? That's awesome
Sulecki needs to let his hands go, just throw testing jabs, anything. He needs to up the volume.
Fuck that guy, that's nasty as hell
I'd like to see some more action from both. C'mon guys.
Andrade Sr: I need you to let your hands go Andrade: *crouches right in front of Sulecki instead*
Andrade 120 - 107 Poor fight
Billy Joe v. Lemieux, the store brand version
Repeat after me, UK: "Thank you, Al Haymon"
It's ironic, mate
That's what I'm saying but according to that guy, DAZN is freezing Charlo out somehow. This is definitely a self-inflicted wound.
If we are gonna bring up more untalked about events, Hector Herrera was literally kicked in the face by Vlaar in the penalty box.
I can take him no problem, catch-weight 157.5 pounds
I think the only time I've ever traded anyone was for Shield of Arrav.
Can you sub a box combo's fries for 2 toasts?
Except this meme is being used incorrectly. No bad luck here at all.
Garcia v. Vargas ✅ Chocolatito v. Yafai ✅ Gassiev's HW debut ✅ This card is fucking unbelievable already
Clickbait articles be like that
Bro, the cops are gonna have a field day with this lol
Ay is that AB in coach?
Martinez is yet another Mexican star in the making 🇲🇽. I'll never forget his complete domination and humiliation of Charlie "no rematch" Edwards
Yeah it's super obvious in my opinion. A Wilder v. Kownacki fight ends exactly the way Wilder v. Breazeale ends.
The Pianist, my man
$5 on ESPN+ thankfully
Honestly sick of this bullshit excuse of *OtHeR sIdE Of ThE sTreEt*. Crawford doesn't need to sign with PBC to fight Spence. He ain't asking Spence to sign with Top Rank either. Hooker v. Ramirez, Wilder v. Fury, AJ v. Ruiz, AJ v. Klitschko, GGG v. Derveyanchenko - **all cross promotional fights**. No excuses. Spence won't even call Crawford out or PBC acknowledge Crawford exists. That's some weak shit right there.
A dude that gets hit in the head for a living from Texas. Not too farfetched tbh.
I just saw the tweet you're talking about. Jesus Christ... That's seriously sad.
Setting the stage for a juicy Garcia v. Linares fight. Les go boys!
At least he wouldn't hit the bonuses lol
He's Newrap's gay lover
I had it 113 - 113. The first round I gave to Wilder but I was extremely unsure. Looking back, I think Fury won that one which would have flipped my card 114 - 112 Fury.
How did you score the Teofimo v. Nakatani fight? I scored it 114 - 114. I'd be hard pressed to give him anymore more rounds personally.
The Navy seamen slurper finally pipes up after a week of not replying to me 😂
I had no qualms about Teo winning as It was clear he was the more talented boxer, I just think he was unbelievably unprepared for that fight.
Yeah, I never got the whole Spence is huge for WW. That would mean he has a frame that belongs at 154 but he would be average if not small at that weight.
Are they fucking serious? I am speechless, man.
No sure but I'm getting it for $9 that month thankfully
I make the most basic ass Tableau workbooks so seeing this is mind-blowing. Well done. The last bit with the ring placement was interesting, never really considered that. But that clearly shows AJ was in the outside and Andy was the plodder we all knew he was.
Damn marks of grace bot
Khan has been calling out Floyd and now Manny incessantly, almost as much as Brook has been calling out Khan
The Russian Broner
Is it the WBO that has the rule where a Super Champ can move up and get a title shot for the WBO right away?
Keith is a bit high but otherwise a good list
BuzzardBlack completely DESTROYS clickbait headlines
True but this was from 2018, check out the age in the pic
Lomachenko v. Teofimo will be made this year hopefully. Huge fight.
Mikey Garcia v. Jessie Vargas looks excellent
This means that other party withdrew their bid entirely? Maybe they felt forcing a vocal critic to fight in China would only bring a lot of unwanted attention.
Puerto Rico desperately NEEDS someone to be their guy. Let's see if this kid will make it.
This subreddit is amazing lmao
Why can't Charlo send an offer to GGG, Andrade, or Canelo? He ain't man enough to do it himself or is he afraid of that smoke?
Both are cherrypickers but Charlo is a bigger one
Where is this? This place looks amazing
I would demolish Claudia Trejos if I had the chance
I had the same issue. I closed the app and reopened it and it worked.
Bro, Jimenez looks like a man, straight up
Honestly true. I used to not like Showtime but it's the best now. I used to hate ESPN but now I like them. Everyone suck compared to HBO.
Dude Jimenez's voice is of a man....
Good walkout honestly lol not gonna lie . Way better than Shields
This was honestly the best women's fight I've ever seen
She's the dad
Esa vaina tiene la verga más grande que mi, es un vato
Hold up, Morales and Barrera are in the same building?
That point is huge. This fight is gonna be close.
This dude is so boring to watch. No wonder he was released. Shocked he's being picked up honestly.
This is STILL the single best, most triggering meme that's ever been post on here lmfao
Bro, has Kid Chocolate really been knocked out by Larry Merchant?
Tank's next cherry pick
I prefer Leo Santa Snooze
I'm gonna say what everyone else is thinking, we are jealous as hell. Rich bastard lol Which fights were your favorite and least favorite that you went to?
The Lomachenko fight was at the Microsoft theatre right? I can't imagine how that works because the stage is elevated. Front row seats which were not onstage must have been terrible for that reason.
This is what I think of when I'm with the wife
The PBC mafia are heading to your house. Get out NOW!
I've never been in a fight but I know I could knock him out
Is it limitless non-boxers? Like infinite? Because boxer would win otherwise.
Fuck that place
This is an actually baby boomer using Reddit lmao, that is so pathetic
I'd be lying if I said I wouldn't watch his fights. Him v. Fury would be hilarious.
How is sparring teaming up on Wilder? That's a lame ass excuse.
**Valverde/Barca Question:** So Barca fans wanted Valverde out. He has now been fired but many of the same people are now saying that Valverde was treated unfairly by the board. What about his firing was unfair? Isn't that exactly what needed to happen for Barca fans to get their wish? I'm just not understanding the issue.
So you think DAZN would pay Wilder $100M to fight Breazeale and 2 other bums? Even if he never got AJ, he would have made the easiest $100M of his life. Win-win.
I'm asking what was unfair about it? Like are there any details I'm missing here? He underperformed then was fired. That seems straight forward.
I love Wilder but he always gets worked up and shit on by Fury with his trash talking. [Wilder was literally crying](https://youtu.be/IA4iQkfTB28) after the weigh-in to their first fight. Starts after 9:15.
I'm the guy who posted the link. I honestly think the dude is way too emotional. Wilder can shrug off American insults because he knows how it works but can't handle the fact Fury is not afraid of him at all. We saw that but way worse with Mike Tyson.
Who does PBC have at 140? Robert Easter Jr? I'm assuming Regis wants to go straight to 147 because Top Rank has 140 on lock.
Dude what the fuck is that account? That is legit a bot. All the comments before today were deleted. It comments every couple of minutes in completely random subreddits. It's comment in this thread was made 2 minutes after the thread was made...
You gonna cry like Wilder too? Lmfao
[Lmfao is this you right now?](https://i.imgur.com/20cd08g.png) You are seething so much at me exposing your crush for crying that you overlooked the fact that I said I actually like Wilder in my original comment.
How many points does that name get you in Scrabble?
Who would you like to see him fight from their stable?
That is amazing. /u/BestThereWas looking like a total idiot right now
What is with this robot anchor?
Jesus fucking christ, CNN, they are so fucking blatant
Mutually Assured Retribution
Xzact and Rendi are just LinksOcarina and Rargh undercover
Bless you!
It was $65 + $17 fees. Did you have any fees?
Yeah I absolutely would be interested in GGG v. Munguia. It would be a firefight that lasts maybe 5 rounds? I'd rather watch that than GGG v. Unknown Mandatory #63737.
Shit, I paid $11 more per ticket then. The tickets are GA pit, don't know if that's any different.
This was awesome, man, thank you. How can anyone dislike Usyk? He's just such a great dude. I didn't realize how religious he was though.
This was AJ in the first Ruiz fight
What use is there to a west ardy tele? Genuinely asking.
Berchelt beats anyone at 130 and would give Lomachenko an extremely hard fight
Reg Vargas is boring as hell, just a heads up to all future viewers
It was blatant. I will never forgive those judges.
Perfect analysis. You've basically have taken everything I'm thinking but put it in an intelligible put together way. We don't deserve this kind of quality.
It shouldn't be controversial to say the count was fine. It **also** shouldn't be controversial to say the check Jack Reiss gave to Fury *after* he got up was too long. "Walk this way, walk that way, walk to me, give me your gloves, are you ok?, you want to continue?" Way too long in my opinion but many disagree. Those seconds may have saved Fury.
This but unironically. Shorter games is not QOL, that's just easier.
Someone's 0 has got to go!
Sierra shelled up more than a hermit crab so far
Shishkin has no power at all, he just throws arm punches
I have the same problem as well. I've only ever noticed it here too.
Fortuna would lose anyways to Campbell. Fortuna is tough but hasn't beaten anyone of note.
I just want Tank to call anyone out directly like this. "I want to fight x this year"
I mean he could also be stopped in 2 as well, you never know
"AJ could never lose to Ruiz" Anyone could get stopped in boxing, Tank aint some god lol. Even if you think he beats Garcia, you have to acknowledge Garcia has KO power.
"Wow millions of dollars being spent in the art market for stuff I don't like, they must all be fucking stupid except for me"
No surprise Cletus from Kansas doesn't like millionaires spending their money on things he doesn't understand. Maybe make some art and see if you can strike it rich instead of being on welfare.
I donated the equivalent of 74M gp this month, first time I ever donated to a campaign ever.
You comic book geeks get so triggered at the slightest disturbance lmao
The fuck are you talking about? Speak English.
Golden Boy fucked up hard for even agreeing to that behind Canelo's back
You're another crying comic book virgin? Got it.
U will never know what its like to have sex
I'm glad you found a way to insert yourself in a discussion to make yourself seem superior and somehow also shit on people with disabilities. You are definitely the biggest piece of shit in the whole thread.
Yikes
Canelo fought Jacobs and Kovalev, he's doing his part
No use talking art with with a junior high educated, obese hick on welfare.
Another seething redneck realizing a *fucking fruit* is worth more than your life lmfao
It's a generic joke about rednecks....
Inbred rednecks are not a race. Finish high school.
It's aight. It was better like 2 years ago. But still aight.
A literally piece of fruit is worth more than your worthless redneck life. Someone ate that banana too who eventually would have shit it out. Even that shit is literally worth more than your life. The absolute state of rednecks lmfao.
Showtime has been desperate to show Wallin on their Network (and that's a good thing). 3rd time's the charm!
😭
They've made offers to Daniel Jacobs and Kovalev in the last 12 months. Why would an offer to Charlo be impossible?
They've made offers to Daniel Jacobs and Kovalev in the last 12 months. Why would an offer to Charlo be impossible?
Billy Joe couldn't sell out a family dinner
I'll be going to Japan this April. Looking forward to see all that bizarre shit lol. Fingers crossed I run into a vending machine with panties.
$5.5M for Derevyanchenko is not a low ball offer. He will never make that money, probably not even half, ever again.
The OP says he doubts an offer was made. That's what I'm talking about. Why would making Charlo an offer be impossible? Your question is why would Charlo turn it down if the offer was reasonable? Maybe his promoter/PBC has a plan for him which this would ruin (Derveyanchenko first or GGG)? Maybe they want to keep him undefeated and marinate a Canelo fight for the future? Maybe it was during his cycle? Maybe he thought he wasn't ready for it yet? Maybe he wants an unreasonable amount of money? There's a ton of reasons why a reasonable offer could be rejected.
I get you. Flat fees like for GGG v. Canelo 1, AJ v. Whyte 2, are bs. You're right, it depends.
I don't trust Oscar either but at some point, he makes real offers as Canelo ends up having fights. I actually think this may have happened but PBC will try to marinate the fight to be bigger or maybe even wait out Canelo's contract with DAZN. I don't think Charlo has the profile they want in order to cash him out just yet. But it could be the case nothing happened at all, we'll never know.
I said elsewhere in this thread, it could be Charlo turned down the offer. Maybe his promoter/PBC has a plan for him which this would ruin (Derveyanchenko first or GGG)? Maybe they want to keep him undefeated and marinate a Canelo fight for the future? Maybe it was during his cycle? Maybe he thought he wasn't ready for it yet? Maybe he wants an unreasonable amount of money? Under any of the above scenarios, I don't see a reason why Charlo would publicly say he turned down an offer for Canelo.
He fucking Jill Stein'd it
Honestly the fight might make more money if Saudi Arabia pays like a huge site fee of $100M+. It would still be PPV in the UK and US on top of that. Saudi Arabia hosting Ruiz v. AJ 2 has really changed things as far as possible venues go. I hope it doesn't go there though, it's not a boxing country at all.
Yep, Wach has a titanium chin and we haven't seen Parker's power in a long time.
And it was glorious. Nothing better than seeing an underdog win in spectacular fashion.
Not a single country has a spotless record. Let's just have boxers fight in a boat in international waters. Obviously Saudi Arabia is one of the worst locations to host it in the world, don't be dense. Nearly any other country would be better.
You, bro: &gt;I can’t blame a dude for caring more about money, but as a fight fan I would love if he had legacy higher on his priority list. You think Canelo isn't thinking about his legacy with looking at his last fights?
&gt;Posts in MMA Bet you also thought McGreggor would knockout Mayweather lmao
Wish GGG would drop the belt and just have 2-3 big fights before retiring. Having the IBF belt for 2 more fights does nothing to his legacy.
Don't mind that at all
I'm not even English and I agree with that. Wilder v. AJ though feels like it's a Madison Square Garden fight however.
True but he would have had to fight him end of the year 2020 anyways as he eventually would have been mandatory which is why I wish he just dropped the belt. He wouldn't be fighting this Scrabble 300-point name if it weren't for the belt.
Not with the IBF. They actually call their Mandatory once per year without fail.
He fought Cotto at 155 to make the MW limit to compete for his belt but he was always a Super Welterweight fighter (154) until 2017.
"Artificial weight" Lmao what on Earth is that? Not even sure what you are arguing anymore. Bottom line is Canelo fought GGG at 36. Maybe he could have fought him at 34. GGG's prime was gone before any Canelo fight could have taken place so to blame Canelo is making excuses for GGG.
Someone needs to do something about Garcia's eye brows, they are grim
Of course they would still want Liverpool to lose. Not hard to understand why they wouldn't want their most impressive achievement matched/bettered by points.
Yeah, Canelo fought at 155 catchweights in order to keep the belt he won from Cotto despite being a super welterweight (154). One WHOLE pound. This is all besides the point because the discussion was if Golovkin was in his prime at 36. He wasn't in his prime at 34 either. There's no one else to blame for that but GGG.
I've made several memes that are used on here and in 4chan
Lemar has 6 goals and 13 assists in over 2.5 years. He is one of the biggest flop signings in the world. The OP link says it's a purchase and not a loan as well so it's not a "no risk" transfer. Jesse Lingard has 19 goals in the last 2.5 years
That includes his last final full year with Monaco as well **17-18: Monaco** **18-19 and 19-20: Atleti**
A Latin fighter getting robbed in Europe. A story as old as time.
I got one from Miniq the other day. One of my proudest moments.
Don't give a shit if you take my word or not. We're also free to disagree with what the club does as well. They've made many mistakes in the past.
30m for a club without CL is a lot. That would eat up a ton of what Arteta would have to work with this summer. Not worth it for a struggling player or up to the ambitions of Arsenal.
Lemar is a flop, don't be an idiot lmao. Trust the club, sure, but everyone who knows shit about the sport knows he fucking sucks
Scoring 3 goals in a full year as an attacking player (especially in Ligue 1) is poor no matter how you cut it
Diego Simeone has literally called him a flop and hopes he can sell him. Some random guy on the internet is gonna disagree with a world class coach lmfao.
Yikes...take the L dude
Joyce is way too immobile. He pressures well but hits and moves as though he is stuck in molasses. Maybe his chin takes him to the 12th but I don't see him winning this in my opinion.
I don't think this place is an echo chamber because the OP is asking a silly question. OP is hating on AJ, that doesn't mean all Americans on here do as well.
Yeah I remember that scaring the shit out of me as a kid. Not even going to scroll an inch.
Unironically great fight, one of the first women's fights that was exciting the whole time
That too was pretty good. That was the one with that collosal Badou Jack-like cut right?
Feel terrible for Manny Robles here. You can tell he did all he could to curb Andy's behavior but there was nothing anyone could do. Andy just fucked up and clearly did not take the opportunity seriously. He took way too long of a victory lap. I'm also surprised that Ruiz would use the excuse that his promotion (PBC) told him to split with him. That is such obviously BS.
Jimenez v. Shields on Cinco de Mayo??? Let's do thisssss.
Someone with bad wrists won't be able to hold their own body weight either. Nothing wrong with the original statement.
How come? I'd imagine pull ups are more exerting on a wrist.
Inject this into my veins
If Andy wanted to keep his trainer, no one but him would make him change that. I don't think any promoter would ever tell a fighter to drop their trainer.
Always love how white people say Latinos are going to root for *insert any Latino* fighter. Why would a Mexican give a fuck about a Puerto Rican-American who speaks no Spanish? Latinos aren't a monolith and you clearly don't know that.
Just saw Hurd's fight. A guy as big as a middleweight not being able to take out a poor welterweight. Terrible and doesn't bode well for him.
All that is ever posted is celebrity facts, it's so fucking lame
What is happening here? Not understanding what the main point of the gif is.
Yeah that was the whole post, we all read it too
Being black doesn't mean you know anything about latinos anymore than being white does. Instead of even trying to explain the diversity and differences among Latinos (which should be basic knowledge), let me just put it this way. Do Argentinians like Brazilians? Do Puerto Ricans root for Mexicans? You would be laughed off the streets if you came with this "Latinos support all Latinos" tripe to Latin America. You genuinely do not know anything about this.
It just highlights the lack of diversity on this sub. It's honestly sad some white kid gets upvoted for knowing literally nothing about latino culture.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cherry#Growing_season "Cherries blossom in April (in the Northern Hemisphere) and the peak season for the cherry harvest is in the summer."
Cringe gif aside, the fight will make for a great knockout to watch the next morning, whoever his opponent ends up being.
&gt; Ryota Murata’s co-promoter Bob Arum is stating that he’ll be meeting with the Japanese fighter’s other promoter Akihiko Honda today to start discussions for a fight against Saul Canelo Alvarez for May 2 at the Tokyo Dome in Japan. Honda will be in the U.S today for talks with Arum for the Canelo vs. Murata fight. &gt; &gt; &gt; The fight will take place on Sunday morning in Japan, and it’ll be shown during prime time in the U.S on Saturday, May 2. Tokyo is 14 to 17 hours ahead of U.S time. &gt; &gt; “I think that’s a great idea. We’re going to be discussing that tomorrow,” said Arum when asked about his thoughts on Canelo fighting Ryota Murata. “I think it would be a great experience for Canelo. &gt; &gt; &gt; There’s no word about what weight the Canelo vs. Murata fight will be contested at. Canelo recently moved up to 175, and dethroned WBO champion Sergey Kovalev. It’s going to be difficult for Canelo to move all the way back down to 160 to face WBA middleweight champion Murata. &gt; &gt; The fight between them could take place at super middleweight.
He's gonna need a lot of water pouches in the summer
He's gonna need a lot of water pouches in the summer
His fights aren't boring at all though
That was a way better fight than Garcia v. 🍒 #7389
Watching a top fighter get knocked down by an underdog, seeing multiple knockdowns and a KO finish is not entertaining? You're watching the wrong sport dude.
Damn forgot Crawford had 2 PPVs as well, thanks for highlighting the gap even further. Also nothing impressive about Danny Garcia giving away free seats against Ivan Redhat.
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀 ARSENAL WONT REPLY TO THIS 🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
Jacobs and Vargas are making career high paydays with Matchroom Mikey Garcia has been a free agent for years Derveyanchenko is a free agent (who also made a career high payday on DAZN) Andy Ruiz made more more than Wilder's last 5 fights on DAZN DAZN offers the most money out of any promotion, not "allowing" free agents to fight on there is a stupid idea.
You're not actually arguing that Wilder is a bigger star than Canelo are you?...
&gt;DAZN offers the most money out of any promotion, not "allowing" free agents to fight on there is a stupid idea.
I've followed him for a few years and think this is an apt description. His lack of power at LHW is also becoming apparent which is becoming hard to brush aside. Dropping down to 168 would be a smart move for him.
It was a 3 fight deal. https://www.sportspromedia.com/news/deontay-wilder-rejects-dazn-anthony-joshua &gt;Heavyweight boxing world champion Deontay Wilder has turned down a three-fight offer from over-the-top (OTT) subscription service DAZN, opting to pursue a one bout deal with PBC to fight on Showtime. $100M for 3-fights is not a shitty deal. That's virtually Canelo money.
They were free agents. Haymon didn't do shit is what I'm saying.
DAZN offers all their fighters career high paydays, from all promotions. No coincidence at all. They also offered Charlo and Wilder career high paydays. GGG makes more money than any PBC fighter. Canelo is the highest paid athlete in the world. DAZN is where the money is at.
No problem my guy. Hope this helps.
That dude said Canelo is a bigger star than Wilder and you said he doesn't know how the sport of boxing operates. So it sounds like you are disagreeing with him on that fact. You quoted just that part. Arguing Wilder is a bigger star than Canelo is just incredibly wrong.
DAZN has the most money in the sport, they are paying their boxers insanely high amounts to get their foot in the door. Arguing otherwise is just lying or says you don't keep up with boxing news.
All roads lead to $100M for 3 fights. If not fighting Joshua is a shitty deal then Wilder has a shitty deal now AND he's making much less than $100M.
You called a $100M 3-fight deal shitty. You incorrectly thought it was 4-fights. You then said the deal was shitty because despite making $100M, he might not have fought AJ. So now, Wilder is both (1) making less money and (2) isn't fighting AJ. His current deal by your logic is more shit.
Same. FEC deadline coming up.
Yeah I'd like to see Wilder v. AJ, it's gonna be an awesome fight if it happens.
Juicin Jarrell getting a 2nd chance at boxing. Bring on the Fury fight! I'd watch the shit out of that fight.
Ditto on all fronts.
You sound fucking GAY lmao
Lol these are getting better and more elaborate each time
I didn't even watch it and I 1000% believe it haha
That's not unpopular at all lol
Navarette is the only fighter worth a damn on the undercard so far
There is a fuckload of boxing on tonight, well done Eddie
Hold up, was Anthony Sims the dude who called out Sergio Mora's commentary and asked him to fight?
Jesus fucking Christ, my app had me in the sims fight. C'mon on DAZN....
Thanks man. I saw everyone was talking about Roman and Akhmadaliev and no one was talking about Sims. 2nd time this has happened to me.
Round 8 coming up?
Main camera with the Sepia filter 😂
I have more money than just $8 a month lol. I can afford many things. I'd rather just pay for a reliable stream and be over with it so it's worth it for me.
Is that Danny Garcia in the crowd?
Lmao the ref cracking up at MJ crying
Nothing worse than someone's initials - AJ, GGG, etc
Horrible cut, holy shit
This fight is official after this round, we will go to the scorecards when it gets stopped - when NOT if.
DAZN.com
This Gib dude looks stiff as fuck.
I would absolutely destroy Claudia Trejos
I'd box her if you catch my drift
Some dude was telling me how being latino really worked despite being some white kid. I was disappointed that no one else called him out for his blatant racism. I don't blame the mods, I just blame the assholes who don't call them out for their BS.
People who stan for one promotion and shit on all others are killing boxing.
And the NEW!
JoJo v. Tank baby, cmon
Lmfao caught lip syncing immediately
Brilliant
LMFAO is he crying?
Lmao
Yeah man, exactly how I see it. Don't even mind it tbh.
Charlo has that offer to fight, I'd love to see it happen
Somewhere in the sidebar there should be a fight schedule that automatically updates
Crawford is top 5 but not #1. I never agreed with that personally. ESPN markets him as the #1 when he fights then says Lomachenko is #1 when he fights. Between the two, Lomachenko is clearly better in terms of resume and eye test.
Serrano has the most power in all of women's boxing.
https://youtu.be/slo8wYGM2BU He is still gaining weight, my god. This video is only from a week ago.
Japanese Breakfast started 10 minutes late and finished 15 minutes early for a 1 hour set a year ago. Thanks for the 35 minutes!
The top 5 boxing events of 2019 were all DAZN. That's massive for their first year.
Gringo as fuck, mejor ponte a estudiar "tu" idioma
Miami isn't republican at all https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miami-Dade_County,_Florida#Law,_government,_and_politics San Diego has swung Democrat in the last 16 years so that's changed as well
We will make up 32% of the population by 2050. We are this country's only hope for progressive, left-leaning change as it seems whites and african americans will continue voting moderate/conservative.
I'm getting a "if you don't vote for me, you ain't a Latino" vibe from your comment. Black people voted for Biden, that's well known, but you don't get to claim we (non-whites) all voted for him. You don't represent all minorities, bro. Latinos overwhelmingly voted for Bernie.
What's with you and being racist towards black people? You keep bringing them up as some political pawn and slip in racists comments all the time. https://i.imgur.com/BWK1Gzl.png https://i.imgur.com/tRC1nOj.png
It's referring to unscripted blunders like when he said "if you don't vote for me, you ain't black" or to shoot people in the legs instead of killing them.
The courts are already locked up 5-4 as it stands with a conservative majority. Biden prevents it from going 6-3 but that is no different from 5-4.
Game, thanks for the thread. In the spirit of this thread and message, is there any way we can ban overtly racist users like in the pictures below? https://i.imgur.com/BWK1Gzl.png https://i.imgur.com/tRC1nOj.png
King 👑
I don't know much about his younger years but I know he spent his final retirement years in Arizona. He passed away there. https://ktar.com/story/2600913/phoenix-unveils-muhammad-ali-way-on-3rd-anniversary-of-legends-death/
You think his tune was black people v. white people? Jesus Christ you are fragile, lmao
The large majority of Latino Democrats put their trust in Bernie Sanders, the ones who will make flipping Arizona, Florida, and Texas a possibility. I would be listening to them as they have an actual possiblity of winning it for Biden. You're not going to be flipping Mississippi, Alabama, Kentucky, Tennessee, South Carolina, etc. But go ahead and pretend those states will help Biden in the general.
Uhhh...it sounds like you're having a conversation with someone else? Are you just looking for a way to discredit Latinos because they voted for Bernie? I'm confused haha
Ideally all votes count equal but if you know anything about politics, you know that isn't true. [Certain states have more power than others in the electoral college.](https://wallethub.com/edu/how-much-is-your-vote-worth/7932/) But the main point is that swing states are the most important in an election. So when discussing the general election, yes, the truth is that Latino votes matter more in those swing states than votes in safe conservative states. That's inarguable and obvious. Facts might hurt feelings but that's all they are, the truth.
There's a lot wrong with us overall. We are conservative morally due to being religious. Being gay is still not really accepted but that's changing with exposure. The more exposure those people get to black people, the sooner they can correct those opinions.
People can both dislike the electoral college and understand that's how elections work now. I don't understand why that's so confusing? I feel like you are just arguing with me about an irrelevant topic to discredit the fact Latinos voted for Bernie.
https://i.imgur.com/gwkK4QK.png &gt;This is demonstrably false. LOL
Any update on this? This list is insaneeeee
You right now playing with the pedantry of majority vs. plurality: [Ackchyually](https://i.imgur.com/tqEipcR.png) WOW! Latinos (and Asians) definitely didn't prefer Bernie! Thanks for telling me how I and my people really think! Thank you white savior!
English is my second language, forgive my confusing majority and plurality, master. Im sorry for also 'weaponizing' my skin color by saying Latinos and Asians preferred Bernie. I'll learn to not speak up my people next time.
Finish high school, cleetus
He's diminishing and minimizing his voice because he's a celebrity, not because he's black. The Ja Rule joke is about getting someone's take on news that is totally irrelevant. It's like asking what Adam Sandler or Shaquille O'Neal think about China's treatment of Hong Kong.
Andale España, ahora somos tu papa
Every single community in the world deals with racism if we're being honest. The only difference is to whom and to what degrees.
And it's why nothing gets done and we get rioting and protesting
I wear my Joto armband with pride 🏳️‍🌈
Jajajaja se pasaron. That white guilt está cabrona
We grow our bigotes early, that man hasn't hit puberty yet. Just wait
Question from someone who is not borricua: Who does this, the Puertorriqueños from the US or the Island?
Nooooo, the memerinos will help Trump win!!! You have to stop, you have to stop!!!! Imagine being afraid of memes losing you the election.
~~Pendejo~~ Racista Fixed it for you
Lmao you think the richest country in the world isn't privileged? No seas pendejo.
Jealousy like none other, it's the Latino way jajaja
You actually think memes are going to take down Biden?... Memes?....They have absolutely zero power or influence. And please don't tell me you think memes won Trump the presidency either.
This is the first comment of yours I've ever upvoted. It tells me we at least want the same things.
This meme is officially dead. I can't remember the last time I saw this being used properly. It should now be renamed "Idea Guy", something generic and dull.
Lol this is such bullshit
You're going to watch moleros and your are going to like it! - FEMEXFUT
What is cher? Did you mean cherry?
&gt;Comedy is pedestrian We're you expecting Rendí to be Dave Chappelle or something?
I get it, not everyone is into that absurd Adult Swim style. Personally I think it's hilarious and it's still pulling in a ton of views from what I can tell. But you're right it's all a matter of opinion.
Yeah, I'm gonna say they president who created Medicare, social security, and the new deal is easily more progressive. It's not even close. Read about FDR.
FDR is a republican now, Jesus Christ.... Alrighty then, thanks for the info.
Chorizo is the go to haha
A
On top of what /u/hamgangster said, language evolves organically, but it isn't hijacked by another one. LatinX is an American English term. No one is out there saying Latin-Equis.
Latinoamérica América Latina Which one of these is offensive to you?
But it's not just those people who want to be referred by that term that are using it now. You have white people calling Latinos by LatinX now. Calling us by an American English term is not ok which is why there is such a huge backlash.
Nice, calling someone a dumb troll for no reason, peak Internet. I was replying to this part of your comment: &gt;El lenguaje español es super machista y el latinx avanza en la cultura If you have no problem with America Latina and Latinoamérica, it's because you, if you are a Spanish speaker, have an implicit idea that those terms are gender neutral despite their spelling. One term is not "súper machista", it just is, it exists neutrally. You say LatinX would advance the culture but looking at those two words, nothing is being "held back" at all, as evidenced by you having no problem with either term.
It's not just the people who identity as LatinX who are using it. It's being used by white/other people to describe the Latino community. That's why there's a huge backlash to the term, we are Latino, not this American English term. It feels like Hispanic v.2.0, another term made up by Americans to refer to Latinos.
Let me make his point a little more charitably. Linguists and feminists in Latin America have had no problem with the gendered structure of the language by and large for hundreds of years. The movement to make the language neutral is an American English cause started by the LGBTQ community. It's prevalence in Latinoamérica is due to American exposure.
Dictionaries do the opposite though? They seek to define and freeze words in time. They don't facilitate the change or evolution of a language.
You've seen the resistance in English speaking of countries to gender neutral pronouns. Imagine changing the hallmark facet of an entire language. It's not going to catch on. I understand why some would like the term to be adopted, although I disagree with the linguistic argument that the language is gendered sexually. It's just not gonna happen, amigx.
We are already called Latinos, that's the thing. If you were referred to previously as Puertorriqueños and they decided it should now be Puertorriqueñxs or Puerto Ricans, you would understand how we feel.
From Vulgar Latin wiki: &gt;The neuter gender of classical Latin was in most cases identical with the masculine both syntactically and morphologically. Spanish and it's Latin roots has been this way for 1000+ years and even when it had a neuter gender, it was masculine anyways.
Just rolls off the tongue 😂
You can also just make your own sub where no one can be mean to Ice Cream man if you want.
We are literally speaking English, imperialism is everywhere. That doesn't mean lets add some more imperialism to the mix.
Changing the meaning of a few words to changing the gendered grammatical structure that is pervasive in all Latin/Romance languages around the world for over 1000 years is just a liiiittle different.
The distinction to draw is most vs all, you're getting mixed up by that. You're right, not all Latinos dislike Latinx, you are one of them. But most Latinos do not like it.
American Cubans are politically conservative and racist towards other Latinos. Not my opinion but that's the criticism.
Bien dicho. Aver si te responde en español o inglés.
Exposure to American ideas is easy in the Internet age. If you saw someone doing the Nae Nae in Brazil, you wouldn't say Brazilians came up with it organically - it was borrowed, just like LatinX is.
Latinx is borrowed though (literally say it out loud and tell me it's not an American English X pronunciation). I can't speak for other languages I don't speak.
I posted this in another thread: It reminds me of the time I went to visit the Alamo in San Antonio. They said Tejas had a strong sense of individually and felt apart from Mexico...so they left and wanted to join the United States, a country they had nothing in common with. Lol the propaganda was too obvious.
Take the TR sound of trebuchet and add -ess from essence to it. It more or less sounds like that but you'll need to keep working on it to perfect it.
"Mira que flaco estás, porque no comes más?"
Both ads were run this week. One of the headlines was: &gt;**Lindsey Graham praises Joe Biden in what might be ‘the best campaign ad ever,’ according to Harvard prof** The same week this ad is run, another says Graham would kiss anyone's ass to get ahead. So Graham is a lying scumbag but definitely not when he's praising Biden. Lol.
https://i.imgur.com/CRu8aa1.jpg
He was but it was only a loan anyway
*ignores immigrant cages built during Obama/Biden*
The PSG train incident, the hissing sounds against Tottenham, and many other racist/antisemetic incidents.
It came about due to the PSG train incident, the hissing sounds against Tottenham, and many other racist/antisemetic incidents.
Taking out that nasty middle makes this so much better lol
Bro thank you so much for this! For some reason these below songs are not downloadable. Is there any way we can get these downloadable too? Sweet (ULEXUNDER Remix) Pleasant (Jonas Remix) Pleasant (KLOY Remix) Pleasant (Apeidon Remix)
Is the "VICE bad" meme still a thing? haha
This fucker was injured when he signed - 3 months passed and he's STILL injured? Christ Arsenal....
That dude stroked out and mixed up like 3 different parts of the movie hahaha
Lmao you being gay and her still being that way is really fucking with my brain. I agree though, it sounds like it's coming from a good place.
My brother in law is Cuban too and he was babied so damn hard growing up and still is at age 28. My wife and her sister cooked and did everything around the house starting at age 10 but they are all the better for it. It's fucking crazy to me though, we grew up all working out asses hard equally (Mexican household).
I just remember him as Italian Almunia in my head
Yes.
*replies in star wars* 😂
Seriously asking - why do you get so wound up over memes? It's just a meme making a joke.
This is only missing the porcelain owls xD
Why are you ignoring this comment by /u/ThewFflegyy &gt;yeah it is sexist to criticize a woman for anything. where as its totally not sexist to have a different standard for what is sexist in regards to criticizing a man vs a woman /s. your the definition of fake woke.
The best we can get in corona times, unfortunately
Feels fucking good to be back, watching live boxing. First time in months I crack open an /r/boxing fight thread.
Navarette v. Uriel Lopez (13-13-1) feels like Wilder v. Fury 2 at this point, I'm desperate as hell
Each round he goes without getting KO should be considered a win honestly
Stop the fight, ref Edit: Right on cue
Should've been stopped 30 seconds earlier
Where's the Abuela cooking ASMR and your tias saying how tall and handsome you've gotten?
I love you, man. Just throwing that out there ✊
Lmfao the Januzaj goal didn't count? Clown league.
Clown fucking league, you plastic
Real Árbitro 😂
Real Madrid fan tying to speak Spanish and revealing they can't. Like poetry.
Jesus Christ....nunca serás latino, puñetas
It's an incredible gesture but I'm genuinely shocked the Indian government hasn't done this themselves.
You can donate directly to NGOs that do this kind of humanitarian work all year round. Google NGOs in India or any region of the world you are interested in. Medical, Agricultural NGOs, etc.
It's literally a meme
Check out crumb.store
[Wow, the video really makes a difference!](https://i.imgur.com/aq1pznV.png)
Banter for a great cause, can't get mad
I genuinely think this dude only means it's nice to see a diverse person taking the seat as he's referring to "constituent makeup". He doesn't mean political alignment. Libs are all about surface level shit. "Black person in diverse district good"-level of depth while ignoring the progressive politics that the people voted for.
That video is so spot on, it hurts.
Jerry Forrest is halfway decent but someone like Miller should beat him no problem. Roiding for this is idiotic, though. Should get banned for life now.
Excess wealth, nice.
Easy to say as a white person lol
Apt description as chemotherapy doesn't always remove the cancer
We have one at most.
West Virginia went 68% to Trump. Voting for Biden makes literally no difference there. Hawaii went 62% to Clinton. Voting for not Biden makes literally no difference there either Outside of like 5 swing states, your vote either way has no influence. There are solid red and blue states all over where voting 3rd party isn't "VoTinG FoR TruMP".
His guy? He's voting Green, Howie Hawkins is his guy presumably. You're talking about the Democratic primaries which have nothing to do with the green party.
Tio Bernardo :,( What could have fucking been, man
Oooof, si estás enojado horita, imagínate cuando te das cuenta que Biden empezó poner niños y familias en jaulas.
Lol, of all memes, this one got you upset? You can unsub if memes get you riled up.
Lmfao, from Arizona, can confirm. It's a reeeeally big hole though.
If someone lives in deep blue or red states, a vote for green makes no difference. It only matters in like 5 swing states.
I saw he posted yesterday going on a tirade that he is gonna quit this sub as its bs, this or that. Like if you're that way and this harmless meme gets to you, you really should leave.
Me vale verga si piensas que soy nazi, lo que digo es la verdad. Te haz comido el "spin" gringo 😂
It always fucking worked on us too lol
👍
