Not that many - probably 10 or so - and the bulk of the rest don't offer a subscription model. If they can operate without, by having branding deals and 1st party ads, great - good for them. Because the terrible 3rd party insecure shit fest is more profitable than the competition (because it offers more control to good and bad actors alike, and slurps personal data like its about to be made illegal) its very hard to compete, especially in the thin margin world of content on the Internet. That doesn't mean I'm going to cut myself off from the Internet - it means I'm going to take precautions, which in this case is an adblocker.
In Russia, 100 soldiers lives is a minor skirmish
That's like scrolling pornhub to take your mind off masturbating
Having lost a suspension arm to a pothole recently, I'm not keen on this comparison...
If you're from the North, you have the far superior Booths :)
You have a preferred brand of quinoa (and don't pronounce it kwin-o-wa).
In the UK at least, medical doctors are called Dr until they reach the rank of consultant, at which point they become Mr once more, and start correcting people all over again.
It's a bit the same as the people who include their qualifications after their name in their email sig or (if they live in the past / are business hipster) on a business card. Think Arnold J. Rimmer, BSC, SSC. Unless your doctorate is appropriate to your day to day life (if you're a medical doctor, or work in education using that doctorate, fair enough) then you look like an arse. "Is there a doctor on the plane?" "Yes!" "Is there a doctor on the plane who can do something more immediately useful than write about kinetic learners?"
I do not understand this - I work in an office of exclusively professional people. How do our bathrooms end up like the top pic? What kind of twisted animal does that to a shared toilet, and not a one off accident of some horrific kind but on a regular basis? Disgusting bastards.
Clearly the solution is lock everyone into designer white boxes and only allow Apple approved messaging in and out (just $100/mn for the basic screening, and $200/mn for near-real-time!)
Oh YEAH! (yes, I know, I lose a UK point).
Well, that page is a bag of dicks that tries to force-redirect me to download their app. Fuck apnews.
Having energy without worrying about safety
They'll be running out of desks at this rate
Jeffrey Dahlmers' "it's just a prank bro" defense was not appreciated in his time
*Alexa is listening to you breathing*
Ah, but whichever one of the magnificent candidates for PM gets in haven't started negotiations yet. You'll see, in 2 months they'll manage something that none of their peers and entire teams of highly trained and experienced international treaty negotiators managed in 3 years and come up with a deal that everyone loves. I hear trade delegates from every major economy are actually sleeping outside 11 Downing Street already in an attempt to be first to give us everything we want in a trade deal. Angela Merkel has offered (off the record, of course) to give every UK household a kitten or a puppy, just because that's how much the Germans want to be our buddies. I believe there is a pansexual gang bang across borders planned by the DUP and Sinn Fein for the Brexit weekend just to show there are no hard feelings and we're all still happy with each other whatever happens with the backstop.
Being theoretically able to mate with a human and produce another human. That's how species work, no?
Eh, then you'd never have new species. The first human was the offspring of a proto human / proto ape.
Fantastically straightforward :)
I think the entire rest of the industry has beaten you to the punch...
... And now I'm imagining the autopsy process, with the surgeon in white lab coat talking into a dictophone "Tattoos on the bicep, shoulders, upper and lower back. Moving onto the next test (grunting squishing noises) fisting to the elbow is significantly easier than normal..."
Do you have a *flag*?
Semirandom plug for /r/parahumans for reasons that will become clear after lots of reading
Happiness. Also sadness. This, too, shall pass.
It really, really isn't - there is a huge difference between remembering and being able to implement. I have a really good memory. I also have the coordination of a double stroke victim on rollerskates. Learning to play an instrument was incredibly frustrating, trying to operate analogue machinery like a lathe with any kind of skill is virtually impossible. I'm decent at maths, but a friend of mine with similarly good memory can't do it at all - unless the question is one he's seen before then it will take him many many times longer than anyone else to finish it.
:)
A lot of businesses live in the past (including ones I've worked in like insurance and aerospace). The aerospace (engineering) company was particularly bad for look at the letters after my name syndrome, but had phased out business cards more or less totally (I dare say there are some areas like whoever deals with the press side that needed them, but it certainly wasn't common). The insurance company ran on paper. It was a treehuggers nightmare, with duplicates and triplacates of documents flying about the place.
But are they giving the right ~~bribes~~contributions to the right people with the right handshakes?
One of my physics teachers previous jobs involved automating mine trains at a place in Africa using BBC micros, so you can imagine how many years ago this was - controlled environments make automation a piece of piss (as do incredibly lax safety standards, admittedly).
Or wait for it to be much more difficult to get eyewitness testimony etc
If the cheapest laptop available was £1500, pretty much no one outside corporates would have laptops. Look back at the old "luggable" laptop days. If desktops and laptops all went up to the same extent, then most people wouldn't have computers in their houses, which would suck for kids at school or anyone wanting to learn computer skills. If desktops, laptops and smartphones all went up, then there would be some kind of riot because you're pricing folk out of their Facebook and Instagram. Don't fuck with the bread and circuses.
Except the majority of immigration came from outside the EU, and yet despite total control of this type of immigration and a firm commitment in their manifesto to lower net migration to under 100,000 the last figures had it somewhere over 300,000. It's as if even the dumbest Tory capable of getting to the front benches recognises that we do kinda need a source of cheap semiskilled labour or businesses, especially traditional tory businesses like farming, will be fucked.
The fear of immigration is much, much higher than the actual reality. It's almost like the tabloid shitrags have been stoking anti-immigrant rage with a combination of bias and outright fabrication of stories for decades. If you look at the poll results for areas in the UK, the places that are most worried about the impact of immigration are those that get the least. It's easy to be scared of a faceless mob of Other, much harder to be scared of people like Mrs Habib from next door or Mr Nowicki who fixed your guttering last month.
The food safety standards are fairly clear and consistent, and you have to ensure that you meet them once then maintain. Most of these ethical constraints clauses are unique to a particular bid, so demonstrating compliance is a hell of a lot of non-reusable work. Getting certification in anything for large companies is a monumental pain in the arse, as anyone who has been through an ISO process can confirm.
Arbitrary interference basically means without a proper process. The UK has a process, so it isn't arbitrary (is the argument). How good that process is, is subject to debate. Or would be, if said debate didn't keep on getting shut down.
The judgement didn't say that the trade was illegal, and explicitly didn't say that the weapons were being used in violation of treaty. It didn't even shut down the granting of new licences (that was voluntary on behalf of the government, and doesn't actually do much immediately as shipments on existing deals will continue). What the judgement says is that the process of issuing licences needs to consider these issues immediately, and that is what the government has said it will do, going beyond to stop issuing new licences in the meantime.
I'd love to be in your hypothetical HR department when this news comes in. Enter breathless, sweaty runner. HR1: calm down - what can possibly be the matter? Runner: You have to see this Facebook post by Bob Smith - he's admitted he once did cocaine! HR1: oh shit - in work? Runner:... no. HR1: with other employees or clients? Runner:... no. HR1: thank god. Well, when was it? I swear, these post-divorce flings get worse each time. Runner: erm, 30 years ago, when he was a journalist HR1: he was a journalist? That's far worse! Wait, are you really wasting my time with a comment on something that happened before he even started working for us?
So is "I once drove at 80mph" but no one gives a flying fuck. There are very much crimes we care about and those we don't. Someone admitting to rape or something of that severity - it is worth digging into the past, (re)opening the case and prosecuting. Someone admitting to vehicular or drugs offences? Unless you were Mr Big, not even the police give two shits.
No, we have no desire to lose such a lucrative trade just before fucking the economy into a cocked hat. We'll continue to sell weapons under existing licences, the investigation will drag on, and if it gets too close to ending with the wrong result it'll get shut down like the bribery affair with the SFO a few years back.
"Well when your party was the party of government, your record was worse"
By your definition, Allied actions in the 2nd World War (think the firebombing of Dresden as an example) were genocide, and there was pretty much no war from then on that didn't include genocide, making it a much weaker term. Unfortunately wars with no civilian involvement are something of a myth - the armies don't all agree to fight on some neutral terrain dedicated to the purpose, they fight in open terrain (and devastate farming), in small towns (destroying industry and urban installations), they use the road networks so they become valid targets, the list goes on. If you're a rebel / terrorist / whatever - underdog - it makes sense to emplace in the heaviest concrete structures around that aren't military. That will likely be industrial plants, power stations, heavy engineering basically. If you're government, what can you do to get them out? You have overwhelming technological and resource superiority, but aren't magic - down goes the power plant.
Not 100% surprised. I was working on a switchboard when it was the remembrance couple of minutes. Our phone lines lit up with cunts who thought it would be a quiet time to call as everyone paid their respects. Unluckily for them, this wasn't the first rememberance silence for the phones teams, and they had off the record permission to set up a dead extension with a 40 minute wait before autocutoff to which they were all diverted.
Thing is, while plenty of places do indeed have a minimum wage, they aren't the places that are manufacturing all of our stuff. Ignore pay in figures and consider it in time - if it takes a certain number of hours work by a certain number of people to create your product, it can't cost any less than the minimum wage times those hours (plus the cost of materials, though you could roll that in by considering the cost of them as the cost of the miners / etc time). Automation can reduce some of that, but you still have to build and program the automation systems, which is itself expensive, and some bits are simply not economical to automate - it costs more time than it saves. Scarcity is not a myth, and won't even be a myth in a post singularity world where labour is eliminated entirely - resources are still limited. Energy is still limited. Most importantly, time is still limited.
Not if your non-disposable thing was hugely technologically inferior. If you'd bought a designed to last machine 20 years ago, you'd be using a ridiculous amount of power and would have less compute than a modern phone. Hell, my desktop is about 7 years old now and I'm starting to do the energy economy calculations - is it worth running for another year, or buying new and saving x on my power bill each year? To upgrade after so long you basically have to throw away the entire insides, so yeah, not really a thing.
Sorry, not sure what point you're making? Stopping or reducing manufacturing in current locations would cause a surplus - I suspect the manufacturers would cut back production very quickly, it's a thin margin business. Resource costs for other locations would drop - I don't see that, unless those other locations were confident enough to up their order quantities to the next tier of bulk savings, and they still wouldn't be buying in the volumes the current manufacturers do just because they aren't geared to produce that quantity of stuff. Additionally, mines can store their output very easily rather than sell at firesale prices. It isn't like rocks go out of date.
I'm suggesting that rather than move from the current model, with many things wrong, to a utopia fixing all those problems simultaneously (and causing different ones) it might be an idea to fix one thing at a time so the pricing shock isn't ridiculous.
Not all people can afford to spend unlimited amounts of money on their phone - money spent on that comes from somewhere else. I know a lot of families without a computer now, with everything (school homework included) done on a shared tablet or even just the phone. I was mildly horrified that anyone would write that much text on a phone keyboard.
Fashion electronics shouldn't be a thing, but when you are talking actual feature upgrades? It doesn't matter if the old TV is still working if the new one is 4k, because that's a step up big enough to justify replacement. It doesn't matter if the old phone is still working if the new one does something mind-boggling (I'm a bit out of the loop on phones to be honest).
You also don't sell your resource at a lower price than it cost you to extract it and ship it, because that isn't sustainable. If your other customers don't need more resource, and you can't sell to new customers, you wind down production. You don't produce at a loss. At the moment, the mines are tightly integrated with the manufacturers (so the prices are as cheap as they will ever be) and are pretty close to them (so shipping costs are low). They're also horrifically bad from an environmental position, so you won't want to buy from them. That means spinning up the old mines in other countries that weren't economically viable, ie that are more expensive, even after the cost of reactivating them is excluded.
I'd love to know where you're getting modern graphics cards at $400 :) I'd also argue that has been propped up by the combination of the ridiculous coin mining bubble and GFX cards not actually increasing in power all that much (at least in part due to lack of challenge from ATI/AMD). Before bitcoin et al, you would be lucky to get much back from the cost of an old graphics card, because midrange cards were reasonably priced, easily available and we're much more powerful than the previous generation of midrange cards - doubling wasn't uncommon. Now, not so much - what, 15% difference between a 2080 and a 1080?
I don't think we have any anti right to repair laws in the UK, but eg phones now are a big lump of glue with huge, delicate batteries and teeny tiny surface mount electronics. Fixing the internals of the damn things takes hours for a professional if it's possible at all, and after doing one screen replacement I swore I wouldn't be doing that again. I had a wonderful old CRT tube projector that sadly died and I was gutted I couldn't find anyone to repair it for me. The parts were actual components laid out on slide out boards, it couldn't be better constructed. Sadly, it ran at something daft like 13kV so all the general repairers (who mostly fix fancy vacuum cleaners now) took one look and said nope :(
Hahaha - no, most of them died surprisingly quickly for expensive items - 5 years was a long life. You're seeing a bit of survivor bias, in that the best of them are still around. Even the few that survived this long need a fair bit of TLC - belts perish, bearings go, motors burn out, heads die etc. Techmoan is a fun YouTube channel for old electronics - he tends to get new in box stuff (as in it was manufactured, sealed in a box, and has been stored in a warehouse for decades) and has to fettle most of them to get them working.
I thought the point was not buying anything at all from China? Regardless how you do it (incentives to sell the output from those mines to the West, threats of some kind - tariffs etc - to open sales to the west, reopening mines in less terrible places, buying from the very few that still exist outside China) you're going to be increasing cost. More. Possibly much more.
Clothes replacement is a total fashion thing and yeah slower fashions would be fantastic for everyone. Its astonishing how much more donated women's clothing than mens clothing we got when I worked in a charity shop - as soon as something wasn't in fashion any more, it was never worn again and once the wardrobes were full, to the charity shop it went.
I don't understand why you'd need to cut off anything? Current setup - Chinese mines feed Chinese industry, products exported to the west. New setup - ethical mines in the west feed new industrial base in the west, products stay in the west (mostly)
Yeah they finally fucked me about enough that I ruled them off my carrier list a couple of years ago. I can live with the scratchcards. I can just about live with the cheerful bullshit landing announcement and clapping. I can't put up with the departure time changing every 5 minutes to 5 minutes later for 6 hours when the nearest place with food or drink is about a 10 minute slow walk away.
They certainly don't in the UK - you'd have to be the captain of a commercial airliner for one of the bigger carriers to see that kind of money (1st officer, itself an experienced pilot position, starts around £35k)
In addition to the other points, Taylor already had many good reasons to distrust authority before Armsmaster and the Stalker reveal - her dad basically spends his entire life being dicked over by the city authorities, and she spent a good while trying to get the school to take her problems seriously with no success. Yes, the parahumans hadn't pushed her away until AM and SS, but she was hardly going to run to them expecting rainbows and kittens was she?
One way or another, I suppose
Not actually deployed until you are 18+ though, so essentially paid cadet forces getting maximum training in before putting them in harms way. Forced to go to war after a quick boot camp at 18, or have 3 years training first, I know which I would choose.
That's a terrible headline. The judgement says no such thing. The judgement says that the way the licences were awarded was flawed and needs to be reviewed because it didn't consider end uses. That's it. The government has agreed on its own to go beyond that and not issue any more licences until it has sorted out the process and decided whether the end uses are acceptable. They quite probably will say it is fine, despite a couple of troubling reports they are being used for legitimate purposes. You may argue with more or less any of this, but the people to send your complaints to are the people responsible for deciding whether the end uses are acceptable, not just spraying vitriol around like a pissed off sprinkler. Has the court declared anything about the sales of weapons to KSA to be unlawful? No. Has the court declared anything at all about the conflict in the Yemen? No. Can weapons still be built and sold to KSA under the existing licences? Yes. Has anything changed with this judgement? Ish. No new deals until its sorted out, basically.
&gt; Imagine how much worse it would hurt being nailed ~~to~~ by one of those. FTFY.
Yep, bacon reader here :)
This one is me. If I know how to get from point A to point B, and from point B to point C, I will usually drive A to B to C no matter how close A and C are or indeed how far away B is. GPS has mostly made this irrelevant, thank god, but I get horribly stressed with people who talk over my GPS or say things like "you don't need that on, we're only going round the corner". Fuck off. Is this my car? Am I driving? Then I am the fucking king, and this little box here is God Almighty, and blasphemers can walk the rest of the bloody way home.
Memorise the length of bits of your body - a finger, from fingertip to elbow, from fingertip to shoulder, your foot length in shoes, and your stride, say, and you have a ready made measuring kit you always have on you.
We don't even manage that now
At this moment in time, yes, quite a lot actually.
The train is fine, there are no rules against getting shit faced drunk on the train. Thank god, because hours on British trains pretty much demand alcohol. The tube has spottily enforced rules against drinking. Most of the transport police don't give a shit as long as you're quiet and not in the way, some are arseholes. It has stopped some of the drunken antics, but not most, as people are cunningly smuggling enormous quantities of booze on board by drinking it first.
What year is that? Phones with whip antennae or with pull out antenna? Going back to 1992, because that was when my family got our first computer (and we were the first family to get one in the neighbourhood), a basic IBM think pad cost an inflation-adjusted $4k. At $50 a month, that's 80 months to save up, or damn near 7 years. Your computer will be obsolete before you can replace it even if you never stop saving on that plan, and if anything breaks then you're screwed. Cars are allegedly built to last, yet they fall into two camps - cheap to run with high mpg, and cheap to fix (sometimes even DIY) but guzzle fuel (bear in mind we are at $7/us gallon, so mpg is fairly important). They don't seem to overlap. Go for an economical computer controlled petrol engine and once you get past 100,000 miles, you start to see more and more problems. Go for a simple engine and watch your money evaporate in fuel and taxes regardless of the amount of use you make of it. The same will apply to your built to last appliances and computers - its virtually impossible to tell immediately if something is genuinely a solidly constructed item when you're not talking about things only visible under a microscope. I was being conservative with the TV count - one in each bedroom plus one in the common room seems to be the rule around here for family homes. That way there aren't arguments about what to watch.
It isn't actually necessary and would cost a fortune. If I was a betting man, I'd guess that some politician somewhere decided he'd rather have the type of 15 year old who traditionally signed up to the army in training for 3 years rather than have them raising hell in the local town. See also mandatory college and other employment figure fudges.
I'm aware of the rules on the tube, as I'm aware of the rules around speeding on the motorway, and in both cases I will occasionally decide to ignore them in the full knowledge I will be punished if caught. Eating is usually far worse in terms of mess and smell - bits of kebab everywhere, or fish curry odours curling up the carriage - mmm. As for the woman on the tube with the vodka, do you think she would've magically become soberer if the bottle was put away in a bag for the brief tube journey? If she'd drunk that on the tube then that's either a heroic liver or an excessively long tube ride :)
Sympathy for the Devil. "Please allow me to introduce myself...". Fundamentalists would shit themselves in droves.
Congrats! Achievement unlocked! [Unstable mind, stable style]
Not getting into whether this is right or wrong, but how exactly do you send a drone a warning? With a plane, civilian or military, there are standard radio channels with actual people you can warn. With a drone, God only knows where the controller is located and whether the drone is equipped with any radio relay, sound relay, instant video relay etc equipment to pass the warning to a human. In the Japanese case, they knew exactly the capabilities of the Chinese drone - is the US going to submit their designs to Iran so they can figure out a warning method? Didn't think so. On that basis alone, until there is a standard way to contact the owner of a drone I'd go with shoot it unwarned.
No - my point - which you've totally missed - was that the bulk of her, and indeed most people's drinking, is off the tube. The level of drunk you are on the tube isn't correlated with booze consumption on your 30 min ride across the city, but on the hours in the pub before that. Drinking or not actually on the tube is pretty irrelevant to drunken behaviour - if the group in front of you is a stag do that's been out for 15 hours, you will know it. PS She isn't heroic - her poor, abused liver is, if it can handle a bottle of vodka in 30mins.
I suspect it would cost a hell of a lot more, or Apple would've done it when they made a big fuss about moving production back to the US and eventually moved about half a model of the already most expensive range. What laptop do you have? I didn't think there was a cutting edge chip foundry left in Europe a decade ago, though admittedly my knowledge for Japan is much less detailed.
Inflation-adjusted - $1600 in 1996 was worth $2950 last year, so slightly more now. 4 extra years difference and laptop vs desktop will easily account for the difference. Far enough - is weekly pay a standard thing in the US? Monthly is absolutely standard for everything but casual labour level jobs here (UK). Open up an old TV. Look at the vast amount of space filled with air, and the relatively simple electronics. It's an electron gun, which isn't user serviceable, with 4 steering magnets that you can fix, calibrate, reposition, etc. It has a tuning circuit to pick up the analogue broadcast signal that is barely more complex than a radio set. Now open a new TV. It's a computer-driven matrix of millions of individual cells. Unless you're lucky and an obvious cap has blown, you're closing that back up untouched. According to the Internet, your truck gets 19 mpg US. That's ridiculously low for Europe - allow me to share a quote from a review of a Focus hatchback: "Fuel consumption increases, too, from a decent 57.6mpg to a disappointing 49.6mpg". That's a bit over 41 mpg US they are disappointed with. As an added bonus your emissions are high so you'd be taxed at around $635 a year for the privilege of having it on the road, and like all cars would be subject to emissions tests as part of the MOT. For you, any rough running would likely put you outside legal bounds requiring costly engine work before you were allowed back on the road. $7 a US gallon isn't unusual in Europe - fuel is taxed heavily to discourage driving and in theory build and maintain the road network. Sadly the wait for others to try it method only weeds out the things that fail quickly - there are a couple of Samsung fridge models out there that are now known to be total lemons, but that didn't make itself apparent for a couple of years :( I'm just under 40, yes. However, I have bought and lived in one (small) house for the last 12 years (which is the only outstanding debt I have), own a car worth less than £1000 and until last year had no TVs at all (because I'm massively into home theatre and have a cinema style projector setup, but we all have our hobbies that we plough cash into). I have one credit card which is paid off in full each month, used entirely for large purchases to get additional purchase protection. Wages have gone up much more than the cost of electronics, but much less than the other costs of living. I agree that needs a rebalance - the increased prosperity from productivity gains from better automation and education has gone entirely to the top and not at all to the worker.
Sadly we tend not to even table the terrible laws to be taken off the books, they're quietly ignored until a later bit of legislation can supercede them (or just not implement the really shit bits, like sections of the Digital Economy Act or the porn filters, which have just been kicked down the line another 6 months to a new PM and possibly new government). I can't recall seeing a bill to revoke a previous act of parliament talked about (apart from revoking A50) under any government back to Major - there probably have been some, but it's by no means a regular occurrence.
The huge add on ecosystem for one
Not exactly time sensitive... I suppose you could paint "you are in Iranian airspace, leave immediately, you have 5 seconds to comply" on a dummy missile :D
While I agree this is beyond stupid, there are a lot of posts about denying prisoners the opportunity to up skill and get high paying IT jobs when they get out. Sadly, the world doesn't work that way. A hell of a lot of IT jobs require elevated access to systems, which means trust, which means background checks of one kind or another. Sorry, ex-con, you are really going to struggle getting that kind of role. In the specific case of Excel for Dummies, that's general use applicable - almost any office job will benefit from more MS Office skills.
How can you have a refinery with a long history of catching on fire?! In the UK the health and safety bods would be crawling over every mm of pipework after one fire, and if it happened again you'd be able to smother the fire with the paperwork, such would be the volume and speed at which it was generated.
I see they've restarted arts and crafts days at the Pirate Insane Asylum.
Oh definitely, but while I wouldn't stand in the way of someone learning for pleasure, I doubt that Python skills are going to be legitimately useful sadly.
Sounds about right - regulations are written in blood, as they say. More recently and more similarly to this thing, we had Buncefield - Google the pics if you haven't seen it, it makes this look like an out of control sparkler. Sadly, even with the best will in the world, accidents do still happen - but if they keep happening, perhaps they aren't so much accidents as systematic failures.
It's a little hypocritical for the probable leader of the party of traditional family values. If you're a bit older than the Reddit average, you'll remember the Tory Back to Basics campaign, which was very much family = dad, mum, 2.4 children, and was hugely mocked when Tory after Tory was found in flagrante delicto with someone who wasn't their anointed partner. In typical Tory fashion, even John Major, the PM who started the whole cluster fuck, was later found to be having an affair at the time.
Hey, if I'm wearing that at least I'm not naked this time...
"I know there are spares among us. Where are the spares? Are we a troop together or a band of savages?"
Home isn't the problem lol - waking up to find you've made friends with a whole new bunch of people who are in your phone as Naked &lt;name&gt; because you managed to convince everyone to mass streak down the promenade bit of town, more of a problem :D
You really have to wonder what goes on in people's heads sometimes. Buy holiday home in countryside, complain about the animals. There is a farm I pass on the way to Windermere that has a sign outside that says something like "This is a working farm. That means there will be noise early in the morning from people, machines and animals. There will be odd, sometimes unpleasant smells. There will be large vehicles and flocks of sheep in the road occasionally. Sorry for any inconvenience, but again this is a working farm.". I guess they have had some of the same issues with complaints (the Lakes are a tourist destination).
Why are they even keeping years of call records? This strikes me as something that should be deleted after the current billing cycle (plus a delay for complaints, say 12 months). This kind of just-in-case or I-don't-want-to-push-the-button retention of data should hopefully be given some disincentives by GDPR but there is still a hell of a lot too much of it going on. Storage is cheap doesn't mean keep everything forever, especially potentially sensitive personal data.
Also confirmed by experts: bears do indeed shit in the woods, the Pope is Catholic, and most Tories are complete tosspieces.
I like the idea of using 1 to 20, it feels a bit less shit than negative numbers (ha) for depression.
I do not recognise any world in which so many initiatives are making simultaneous forward progress, with or without exec support :)
&gt; holidays in Blackpool May God have mercy on your soul.
I have this - I only worked it out when someone described the memory palace technique and I realised that for most people, remembering is easier with visual anchors. While it has its downsides (can you describe what X looked like today? Erm, not really) I think it makes me a lot better at understanding and more significantly, understanding the impact of changes to abstract systems, because nodes with properties linked together basically describes how I remember stuff anyway.
Fatbastarday does have a ring to it
Looks like an odd angle of Jon standing next to the Ark of the Covenant. Still fits in with the closed eyes title...
The thing to remember is that with BP2 hypomania is rarer, potentially much rarer, than depression (and fuck life in both ears for that). With medication, I am probably under one hypomanic episode a year, while the rest of the time is spent at varying degrees of depressed (my meds are not currently as effective as I would like). Start a sleep and a mood diary and ask someone(s) you trust to let you know if your demeanour seems to have changed. Don't obsess about the mood diary, just stab in a rough estimate - it isn't precision science. When your trusted person tells you your mood seems to have shifted, look at your diaries and see if there is anything pattern worthy there - normally, insofar as such a thing exists, sleep lengthens with depressive episodes and shortens with hypomania, and there may be something in the mood diary - more spikes, a trend up or down, etc.
I'm not racist, but rubber ducks are cool.
There was a significant period where (alarm) clocks were still extremely expensive luxury items but industrialisation had produced shift patterns.
I suspect that designers web history would make my eyes bleed
Impressive flexibility
Sometimes with multiple reverse gears, because why not
With respect, what is a regular trucker going to do against a couple of cones and a few guys with guns? Especially if they're eating or asleep? How many drivers would actually run through a roadblock? Loading / unloading needs people at the moment, certainly away from the controlled ish environment of a loading dock. So stealing part loads needs people, who might as well be armed. Stealing the entire trailer is a bit more straightforward, but having the level of organisation to shift a whole trailer load of stolen merch plus hide / destroy a trailer implies enough people involved that stopping the manned truck wouldn't be a challenge. Besides, having automated trucks means they never have to stop - add a huge fuel tank instead of the cab, and it just glides from start to finish. It means no drivers to bribe for the route to be taken. It means the ultimate death of the truck stop, with all its tempting targets.
Why would you even bother these days? Most of the new generation ones stream to cloud storage so doing anything to the controller is pointless (other than stealing it, I guess, as some alarm systems are surprisingly expensive).
Frankly I don't want to land in the middle of a forest. That sounds like the first mistake.
A TB a day? Have you got 300 cameras that record in RAW or something? The more modern ones use H.265 and produce surprisingly low volumes of data even in high resolution modes.
Or just use a Google business account - while in theory it's limited to 1TB per user under 5 users, that limit isn't enforced.
Hahaha - I hadn't thought of that. I might do that to my friends Arlo system, see if its susceptible.
The only Lexus drivers I see around here look like they were taught to drive in a buggy and cart and drive as if that was the pinnacle of speed. Following someone at 14 mph at 7am when you're late for work is extremely annoying.
Get out of the outside lane then? If people didn't sit in the overtaking lanes traffic would move a hell of a lot more smoothly, and no, just going at speed X doesn't mean you can camp there.
Then you'll know the highway code says you absolutely do have to move over as soon as possible, "pal", not cruise along in a blind 80mph convoy in the outside lane. Rule 264 of the Highway Code states: “You should always drive in the left-hand lane when the road ahead is clear. If you are overtaking a number of slow-moving vehicles, you should return to the left-hand lane as soon as you are safely past.
That's the kind of thing the averaging out is supposed to address (so you'd have a crazy week doing 100+ hours, but then ease back on non-festival weeks).
That's the accounts equivalent of "electrical short in the DC burns the building down, at which point you discover the mailing team has been keeping the offsite backup tapes in a box for the last 2 months, waiting for special envelopes to come in". It's possible, but damn you'd be unlucky.
Apologies to you too, I shouldn't have got needlessly pedantic. Bad day at work. I also dislike being tailgated, but the weird overhang thing I seem to notice more whenever I drive down south annoys me even more - 1 lorry at 60mph, 1 asshole passing the lorry at 60.2mph (may also be a lorry), and 4 miles of traffic in the outside lane at 65mph. Arrgh!
Fuck the A14. I detested driving on that creation of Satan when I lived down in Cambridge. Two lanes of misery. Safe travels to you too.
My wait would've been 2 years, but I was lucky enough to be in a position to pay for a private psychiatrist for while to get a proper diagnosis, which let me skip most of the queue. I'm also very appreciative - when I'm working, I make good money, but I had 18 months off not long ago. Watching my savings piss away on rent was bad enough, having no insurance suddenly and having to pay mega money for a prescription (rather than £100 a year for unlimited prescriptions) would have been terrible.
Sure, which is why I listed it as an option. Either something unmissable and unignorable as a mental health event, or (self reflection + realisation something isn't right + knowledge/ability to ask for help + persistence to get it).
10% of the working population being that poorly paid sounds pretty crappy. I'm not an American so I don't know what your working population is, but I'd guesstimate that we're talking about 10s of millions of people struggling to survive here, no?
The simple answer is that if company A sets a maximum wage, and CEO Bob can get max wage + 10% from company B, then company A is going to struggle to retain their staff. If you want to do it at a national level, don't bother with a maximum wage, because compensation packages at the top end are complex mixes of cash, shares, options and benefits. Instead, tax income from all sources on a curve that slowly tends towards 100% but never reaches it. That ensures you are always better off earning more money, but by the time you're at silly levels you're paying most of it as tax. At that level though, it's mostly about keeping score - there are very few things you need an income in the 100s of millions a year to afford, even superyacht crews, massive property empires and fine art collections.
This isn't a sign of the times or anything, it's just a fashion that comes round every so often - think the New Romantic era for a much worse outbreak of whiny bastarditis.
Regardless of the rest of the curve, there are still 10% of the working population earning very low wages - it doesn't matter to them how many people earn a million dollars, just that they don't.
The problem with that is while your outgoings on housing / rent vary dramatically based on location, other spending isn't as affected. If your $30k family needs a car, Ford don't give them a discount for living in Bumfuck, Nowhere. Doctors might be slightly cheaper - they can afford to charge a little less if they aren't spending on rent - or they could be more expensive, because no-one wants to be a doctor in Bumfuck. Locally grown food will be cheap, imports probably more expensive, etc. For most goods, we'll, everyone gets the same prices on Amazon
I would rather masturbate with a cheese grater. Bugger that for a game of soldiers.
Put down the glue. You've eaten far too much.
No, I'm saying that at the moment they're struggling. Nothing at all about the future. What does "in the top 1% of earning bracket" mean? I'm absolutely sure that 40% of Americans won't be in the top 1% of earners at any point - at this moment they'd need an income of $421k a year, which just isn't happening. If you got a 3% raise every year, you'd likely be worse off after 40 years - average inflation per year since 1913 has been 3.15%.
Shortly before the first detonation of a nuclear device, the Trinity test, July 16, 1945, Enrico Fermi jokingly took bets on “whether the atmosphere will be set on fire”. Of course, the nuclear physicists at the Manhattan Project were experts so had done the calculations and knew that they weren't going to destroy their own country.
Police girl?
The laffer curve is an interesting thing, and intuitively makes sense, but I'm not sure that it's ever been tested properly. You have things like France losing some of its tax base when it increased taxes, but equally you have examples like Norway and the Scandiwegian countries where tax is incredibly high but people don't leave. Plus if this was implemented in the states, then taxes apply to people who emigrate too (which is bizarre, but hey, it's your system) so the rich person emigrating would have to give up their citizenship too, something I suspect most would be loath to do.
One Plumb Man?
The thing is, there are so many things that you could say this about. Eating a balanced diet Shopping efficiently and prepping food Financial planning Routine maintenance on everything you own Exercise Mental exercise (whether meditation, mindfulness, whatever) Continuous learning within your career choice (to advance further) Continuous learning outside your comfort zone (to broaden your mind) Etc Etc Etc If you actually did all the things you should do, you wouldn't have time to do anything else.
There is a huge list of other stuff that you just ignored. Continuous learning on its own can eat all your free time. Micromanaging household accounts (occasionally essential when cash is tight) can be hours a week. Planning a healthy meal regime that deals with odd dietary requirements yet balances micro and macro nutrients and isn't the same damn thing every day is not a task that takes minutes. "Just use an existing plan" - which part of odd dietary requirements are you missing? Try planning a few days of tyramine free food that is also balanced. Not. Bloody. Easy. Especially as most things don't list their tyramine content. As a hint, no beef or other aged, processed, pickled etc meats. No game. No beans, including green beans. No cheese. Limited nuts and dairy. Limited pulses. Nothing fermented (so no soy, tofu, etc). Limited chocolate. No protein powders of any kind. So yeah, tell me how easy fucking meal planning is. Yes, that's a particular pain in the arse to deal with, but you know what? There are loads of people with various allergies and intolerances, and they are all going to struggle to some degree to get a healthy eating plan together.
I think you might be using outdated data. Using the figures from the Bureau of Labour and Statistics (https://data.bls.gov/pdq/SurveyOutputServlet) since 2009 the average wage growth per hour has been a mighty 2.2% (not 5-18%, and especially not 5-18% plus 3%), and while inflation has been low - 1.79% on average over the same period - that means that wages have only gone up in real terms by 0.4% a year for a decade. That is across all jobs, all wages in the US. Some individuals will have got massive increases. Some will have won the lottery. Some will have fallen desperately far down the ladder.
What is your point? Mine is that there are a lot of people badly off - probably not the entire 10% earning under $15 an hour, but too many. You seem to be saying it doesn't matter because at some point in the future the American Dream will magically eagle them a shit load of money - stats says you're wrong, that wage growth is minimal these days, and the vast majority of Americans are earning less than their parents in real terms.
You can also buy pills to make your shit sparkle (basically gold leaf fragments). The world is truly an odd place.
That used to be the case - it isn't any more. Go look at the BLS (ie official government) stats I quoted rather than some random think tank. Has income increased in dollar terms? Yes, by a small amount - 0.4% a year after inflation. People don't make as much *in real terms* as their parents. In dollars? Of course they do. In terms of purchasing power? Nothing like. Ask your parents, or depending on your age your grandparents - they will remember being able to put yourself through college with a part time job, then get a good stable job, and almost immediately be in a position to buy a house and marry a nice girl who stays at home raising the kids. Now, it'll be both parents working to pay off the grinding student debt while renting a tiny flat. Socioeconomic mobility has ground to a halt post-1980s, and even then, only 4% did a rags to riches. 4%. If you believe that people stuck in manufacturing jobs will suddenly be making $400k, or even $200k or whatever you quoted, you are delusional. Is there churn in the quintiles? Yes there is. What causes it - people flying up the socioeconomic ladder? No, turns out its people dropping or raising from $0.95m to $1.05m, people taking time off work (eg to raise children), and students moving into full time work. Entertainingly, a microcosm of this is happening within the top percentiles - it's now much less probable that you'll got from top 10% to top 1%, and ascending within the 1% is vanishingly unlikely.
You say, without evidence, that 5-18% is what a very few people changing jobs get. 0.4% is according to government stats, the average of what everyone gets. Which is more useful for determining whether wages are going up in general?
You know how I provided links? Any chance of that from you? What manufacturing jobs are you looking at that pay $100k+ per person? Because I'm not seeing it. Here - a link showing that the top 10% only make around $55k. https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes519199.htm
In this case, "set on fire" meant "setting off an uncontrolled, uncontrollable nitrogen fusion reaction that would spread globally destroying everything and killing all life on the planet". It was briefly a concern, so they calculated the odds, which came out at 1 in 3 million apparently. Still seems a high chance to me given the consequences if they hit the jackpot, but hey, different times.
Quite possibly, but after bagging your 100000th set of wheels the normal way your brain would be craving literally any variation in the routine.
It grew back - though apparently he was peeing sitting down for some time
I'd definitely put him on the list of ridiculously powerful capes that can nonetheless be sniped from range by surprise. If he is walking along, singing a little draconic song, and his head explodes, he isn't going to regenerate from that :)
As a much less complicated example, I'm currently taking a drug called Nardil (phenelzine). It's purpose is to block a chemical in the brain that scavenges neurotransmitters, so there are more of them floating around and I'm a happier soul. So far, so good. Sadly, because the body is a biological system not a designed system, it has a tendency to use the same functions in different places for different purposes, and it uses the same process to break down a chemical in food called tyramine, which is in a huge variety of stuff as it comes from protein breakdown. I can't eat any of that stuff. Back to gene therapy. We've stripped off a layer of abstraction, no longer dealing with the results of gene expression but with the genes directly, so any poking will do more to heal, but also to hurt. Unfortunately, the same thing applies - the body makes the same coding do multiple things, so messing with a gene sequence could solve your current problem at the cost of a load of much, much worse problems.
He would've done such a lot for Europe's carbon footprint, but forgot to invest in carbon capture for the chimmeys. (/s, which hopefully should be unnecessary)
And that's the way it should be - remembered for his accomplishments, but not honored on an ongoing basis by naming an award for him. Plus it's a bit crap for the recipients - no one would be displaying with pride their Jimmy Saville Community Award or their Ian Watkins (Not From Steps) Music Award.
Also IKEA, which will forever be eye-keya not ick-ear.
Fractions of an inch are usually given in 1/16s, because imperial measurements are for masochists. Fifths of an inch don't map neatly to sixteenths (though I'd just multiply by 3 and say close enough, frankly).
Shortly after this painting was taken, the EPA shut down Rainbow Paint Inc for unlicensed dumping into the local river.
There are lots of other aging mechanisms. Telomeres are a major one but aren't the key to immortality. Like anything, we accumulate damage as we go through life, and the repairs aren't quite as good as the original. Without being able to Star Trek magic fix everything, there will always be limits to the age we can reach.
Except the universe isn't infinitely large. It's big, and it's still expanding, but it isn't infinite. An infinite universe with evenly distributed mass-energy would imply an infinite mass universe, which would need extremely precise balancing to avoid incredibly rapid collapse. Are we in the centre of the universe? I think this comes down to semantics - in 3D, at large scales, the expansion of the universe means everything is evenly getting further away from us, so we could definitely be considered the centre of expansion caused by the Big Bang. Is that the centre of the universe? Does it mean anything when every point in space can make the same claim?
I spend enough time swearing at them when they bugger it up, it seems only fair to apologise when I'm at fault :)
Because if you were going to commit a serious criminal offence, the first step in your preparation is to make a jaunty pop song explaining what you're going to do and set it to your voicemail.
Bathing in the blood of virgins. Why else would I be on Reddit so much? :)
Think about what's changed in home display tech in 30 years - CRT to plasma to LCD to LED, resolution from 720×576 to 3840×2160, screen size from under 30" to 50"+ as the standard.
So, fat encourages overeating. Sugar encourages overeating. Is it possible that overeating encourages overeating?
Wait, what? Then why have the fins rather than just being a flat tray?
Sadly we lost the original serum to make full size 5.25" drives some time ago.
I was being sarcastic - by now, I'm pretty sure we know what we should be eating (lots of greens, bit of fat, bit of protein) but virtually no one actually does. It feels like there is one of these studies every 5 minutes along the lines of "eating a diet high in X is bad for you" - well yes, moderation in all things, especially moderation.
I refer you to OLED and QLED screens...
Naughty naughty - no booze on the tube any more
Either the cupboard full of empty gin bottles or the unmarked bottles filled with 93% abv alcohol. I make my own spirits, so empty bottles and neutral spirit are all part of the game.
:)
You make a good point :)
We have evidence from the Big Bang showing expansion. We have evidence of that it was tiny initially (before the inflationary phase at 10^-36s after the Bang), otherwise you need an explanation for the nigh-uniform CMB, and the signs of hugely increased temperature in the early universe. So either it was small and finite and somehow magically became infinite (which seems unlikely) or it is still finite in size. Type 1a supernova measurements can obviously say nothing about the structure of the universe beyond the observable. Dark energy isn't infinite either (nor is dark matter). We currently think normal baryonic matter makes up 5% of the mass in the universe, so if you accept that the amount of normal mass is finite its hard to see how the amount of dark energy could be infinite.
Oh, and the Hawking link is about a state in a hypothetical quantum gravity theory. Nothing like accepted scientific orthodoxy.
So you're saying that the observable universe was tiny and incredibly hot and dense, but the rest of the universe was infinite? Or was the entire universe infinite and hot and evenly dense? Because if it was the latter, it would take some kind of miracle to expand spacetime without the lumps and bumps causing gravitational collapse. If the former, why is our observable universe special? You've given no evidence for an infinite universe with infinite mass and infinite energy evenly distributed (other than an old conjecture it could be a potential solution to a theory of quantum gravity we still don't actually have). Re: 2) so you're breaking conservation of energy now to save this theory? One of the absolute cornerstones of physics? And by continuing to add dark energy only you'd be changing the ratio between baryonic mass and dark energy, which would result in an increasing rate of expansion as dark energy is responsible for the "cosmological constant" effect.
And isn't mainstream scientific thought by any stretch of the imagination, relying as it does on a hypothetical theory of quantum gravity. Which we don't have.
I'm in the UK and we're having an explosion of gins at the moment - my local supermarket probably stocks 60+ varieties :D Specialist shops will also happily (sometimes) post me bottles, usually with free postage if you spend over £100, which says to me "buy that weird one you weren't sure about getting - if you knock the shipping off that bottle alone, it's only £20!"
I can't see any reason why you couldn't cast the Killing Curse 2.0 on non humans and have the Patronus 2.0 be based around the rejection of the death of *sentient* life. After all, Harry didn't care about eating animals until he discovered they were possibly sentient... From there, its a short step to dehumanising the enemy. X class of people are not true humans, they are mindless zombies. If they could think, why, they would act as we do. Avada Kevada!
Nothing says summer like boning in a pool of children's piss
Ignoring the magic water memory woo, I want their negotiators - that works out at 24c per TB, which would be astonishingly cheap.
My work here is done
I shall call her Martha
WHOA! WHOA! WHOA! Ok, you are now firing a gun at your 'imaginary friend' near 400 GALLONS OF NITROGLYCERINE!
Brexit at the moment. The class system as a longer term thing.
"Warning: grave is both radioactive and extremely toxic. Do not linger. Ensure decontamination showers are used after paying respects." I don't know the details of my death, but if that is my tombstone it certainly sounds dramatic.
The UK. Revoke A50 unilaterally then resign to hold an election. With the prospect of a minimum of 2 more years of this shit, I suspect a significant number of not terribly committed leavers would switch to "fuck this". There is very little else I can actually do without the support of Parliament, and Parliament at the moment is a barrel full of angry cats scratching at each other.
When I'm hypomanic, I can drink and drink and drink without falling over, far past the point where I should've fallen over for my own safety and sanity. After one too many incidents while my blood was probably flammable, I'm currently pretty much teetotal. I found that the consequences over the next days depended on my meds - with lithium and nardil, my current prescription, I don't even get hangovers, so the only disincentive to drinking really quite heavily, even by British standards, was the small chance it all went horribly wrong.
I think it's a plan by Keyser Söze to make Christians think its a plot by Satan (as if he exists) and atheists think it's a metastatement on religious separation. After all, we've got a film explaining how he acts, which is much better than an old book, and it even teases that his greatest trick was convincing the world he didn't exist.
Not even Q.
Agree with the first statement (unless all social clubs are exempt - I can see the argument that they aid social cohesion, but I can't see why singing about a Mediterranean woodworker is a more privileged activity than say knitting). Taxation is the cost of living in society. Most people (you may be a wacky exception, though given you are using the Internet I have my doubts) like being part of a larger group and having the benefits of larger projects than they can personally afford. I enjoy not having to try to mine my own metals, build my own chip fab and form my own militia to defend it before I can get online. I like being able to walk down the road to the shop which is full of products that I can buy with the money from my not-related-to-bare-survival job.
Visible upgrade tree (as in you can see your XP bar and see the progress you're making to the next level, and when you get there it goes "Ding!" and possibly even lets you choose a new ability).
Knocking people out chemically without killing them is [difficult. ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moscow_theater_hostage_crisis) Weight, age, preexisting conditions etc make it extremely dangerous to try a one size fits all approach. There is a reason anaesthetist is a profession...
Nnngh.
Fingers crossed, but I think we're up sewage creek and lacking a method of propulsion at the moment :(
Welcome to Scotland! (I wonder if Will Smith can do a Glaswegian accent?)
This is my taste in cocktails too. If someone asks what I want and I haven't seen the menu yet, I'll ask for the cocktail that comes with a sparkler :) Given the choice I'd take some ultra hopped IPA, failing that a nice G&amp;T, failing that a cocktail with banana in it.
There are 10s of us! :) There used to be (maybe still is, I can't be bothered checking) called last.fm that recommended you music by recording what you were listening to most. Les Miserables and Rammstein confused it badly :)
I wouldn't call 1.7% substantial, especially for a study with such difficulties comparing like with like.
Thats a fab photo, but I'm glad I'm not hiking up there in this heat :) Last time I was up Blencathra it was foggy as hell. I managed to cover the same bit of ground 4 times by taking the wrong route out and having to backtrack.
Calm down, have a joint, they're working with the Nederlands.
Or, you know, a lot more northern? Turns out that the efficiency of solar as an energy source for your country does depend on the amount of sun you get... (I'm from the UK, so wind is much more suited to our climate - though we are in the middle, ie day 2, of summer at the moment).
Anyone who thinks software will save them a shedload of money on filmmaking hasn't seen the cost of good VFX :)
Schrodinger breadstick. You were unlucky this time.
Heat can't just disappear, it has to flow from a hotter to a colder thing. The water will be colder than the air - it's bloody hot in Europe at the moment - so trying to cool the water down isn't that simple. You can use lots of power to concentrate the heat (like a fridge does - it compresses the coolant, heating it up in the process, then that hot coolant loses heat to the outside world, then it expands the coolant again cooling it below its original temperature) but that is indeed very challenging for a system this big, especially when it would only be needed once in a blue moon. Taking water from further down water would be the solution where possible, but again its such a rare event that the temp goes this high that it was probably outside the design specs, and deeper = more expensive to build and to maintain.
How often does this happen? We're in a heatwave literally beyond all records of the past. The plant isn't in any danger, the people aren't in any danger, but output goes down. Well, that's what contingencies are for, in this case probably intercountry interconnects depending how many plants have to stop producing temporarily. As someone pushing for a mix of nuclear for baseload and renewables with pumped water storage for the rest, this would be fine - nuclear plant goes offline at the point where solar and wind are generating their maximums.
If only there was a way to store energy at grid scale, then that would be fine. Sadly, there isn't - pumped water storage is about as good an answer as we've got, and there aren't a huge number of places geographically suited for it (you need two lakes close together with a decent height difference).
It affects running costs, which affects volume sold (because who buys solar panels in the frozen North), which affects economies of scale.
My vote is pretty much worthless sadly. I'm in one of the safest Tory seats in the country. Our MP could shag a goat in the town square and the local paper would congratulate him for his interest in agriculture.
The new gen US aircraft carriers (Ford class) will be fitted with 2 A1B reactors, each rated at 700 MW thermal output. 1400 MW is an enormous amount of power. There are plenty of land based nuclear plants, even ones with multiple generators, that don't produce that much.
Levelling down is kind of a stupid way to ensure everyone gets the same quality education? What next, break up the top 10 schools in the league table as anyone going to them clearly has an unfair advantage? There are shit schools in both the private and state funded spheres. There are good schools in both. How about learning from the good schools and applying that knowledge to the less good ones? Yes, that will need more funding for the shit schools in the short term. Add increased scrutiny as a condition, which there needs to be anyway to ensure that money isn't being wasted, and the heads of the better schools won't be shouting as much for the same treatment (they like their independence).
So the solution to making state schools better is to take a bunch of people who would've been paying for a state education they weren't using and push them into an already overcrowded system, reducing the money available per student while increasing the strain on the schools. Great idea.
Solar shouldn't be in places it is inappropriate - if there isn't the right amount of sunlight, then you're just wasting the resources that go into manufacturing it. Use wind, or tidal, or hydro - there are many renewable technologies that might be a better fit to the local environment.
Look at the league tables for the country and you'll see a lot of state schools at the top, and most private schools sit in the upper middle. Indeed, all the top 10s (achievement, progress etc) were academies, ie state schools, in 2018. There is always going to be inequality in access to education because not all schools are equal. If you want to reduce inequality, then: How do you stop people from moving into the catchment areas of the good schools, making house prices unaffordable for the poor (this is a big one, as it affects more than just schooling) ? How do you stop disguised gatekeeping like the religious schools system? How do you stop the state grammar system (which does still exist)? How do you stop private tuition and homeschooling? Private schools are essentially nothing more than a load of private tutors with the costs split between parents...
We've never had that conversation before. It's all new stuff, this. Oh wait, no, they've been talking about shutting down the state grammar school system for quite literally decades, and complaining about private schools for as long as they've existed.
I had a marshmallow imperial stout at the Hawkshead brewery in the Lakes. It was amazing!
Yep, the same discussion with the same language was going on when I was choosing schools. In 1993. Let me ask a question: who is more privileged: the person growing up in an area where all the nearby state schools are near the bottom of the league tables, who goes to a private school that is just above the middle; or the person who has a choice of top flight, top of the league state schools, better than any private school in the country. Leaving their parents with much more cash to spend on extras - maybe they need a bit more help in maths, well, a private tutor will sort that out. I'd say it was the 2nd, and they are *being subsidised by the 1st* Edit: and yes, they are both more privileged that the poor bastards who have no choice but the failing schools.
Can you imagine eating 20+ servings of sardines a week? You'd be sweating fish oil
His name is Buck, and he's here to cluck
Cinema for must-watch films (even more must watch films, no more than one or two a year, get a trip to imax). Netflix because it's still the best (and works with 4k, HDR and atmos which is surprisingly irritating to get working on other stuff - I still haven't worked out how to do atmos through plex on an xbox s...) 4k bluray for anything I want to have permanently, once it's at/below £10. Amazon Prime because it's included with the free shipping. I wouldn't be paying for it separately. Torrents and plex for stuff that isn't on that list. Sorry, movie industry, but there is a limit to how much I'm willing to spend a year and your greed is getting daft.
I'm good with this, and petition for his holiday to be extended to 12 months, ideally in a monastery or library where even talking is forbidden.
"My leg is being eaten by a serial killer who has be attached to a table in his basement, and I'm not in shock because he has surprisingly good medical skills." Will this matter in 10 days? Oh god, I hope not. Will this matter in 10 weeks? Well, there was that guy in Se7en... Will this matter in 10 years? Hey, probably not! I can stop worrying. Oh God, he's getting more hot sauce!
Would you like to spend 30 mins painstakingly customising your character? They'll be entirely encased in armour after the first minute of the game but it's the thought that counts. (Special prize to Eve which has a character customiser but no way to ever see your character outside a spacecraft, at least when I played it a little).
I assumed it would have a lifespan more like flour etc - I was thinking more survival rations that I could keep in for a backup when I wasn't well enough to get to the shops. The taste was fairly inoffensive, but the texture was unpleasant.
Oddly enough, I'm bipolar and find starvation (as in below baseline metabolic rate numbers of calories) is pretty good at kickstarting hypomania. I always wondered if it was an evolutionary adaption ("dammit, you're starving, here is a shit load of motivation and energy, now find some food") or just my brain being a bit broken.
My car would look like bubblewrap if I attempted that
&gt; But it has to operate at 3 K because it's actually *a superconducting* electromagnet, not a permanent magnet. Electromagnets work quite happily at a much wider temp range :) I'm not sure what the highest temp superconductor suitable for a magnet is - a lot of superconductors are finicky about very strong magnetic fields and/or are a pain to make into wire.
Dunno about a formal ketogenic diet (I've seen the faff and decided I'd rather go without), but going into ketosis for periods at least is likely - when I'm aiming for super low calories, I have no intention of wasting them on fillers like bread and rice when I can be enjoying (small quantities of) meat with veggie sides. Ta for another thing to research - I hadn't heard about that before today.
You can, but only with drives of the same controller board version (this is easy in a big company that refreshes a decent number of desktops at once, much harder of you're trying to source the damn thing). I suspect it's much harder these days, given some electronics are sealed inside the drive and some drives have their own encryption gubbins. Not my problem any more thankfully!
Well done to you. Sadly, I've managed to kill cacti :(
Negative, I am a meat popsicle
That's one of the most common chemicals in our foods!
So he'd be a Centennial Man?
Appropriate username
Isn't it in the cloud? These are the same people who think WiFi means you don't need power.
Depends where you are I suppose - in the EU the key bit of case law said "It held that an option to print or save the text of the agreement is sufficient if made available prior to the completion of the contract." The last bit there is important - clickwrap can be valid, if it's part of the sign up process before you part with your money. If, however, you charge someone for a product in a box then it turns out it contains a smaller box with a padlock you can't open without further concessions to the seller, those additional concessions are likely to be void. This doesn't apply to eg intentionally restricted products where the restriction is known in advance (eg enterprise business hardware is often sold with higher capacity than the business has paid for, to allow rapid and smooth paid upgrades later).
Depends on the skill of the moonshiner. I would personally put myself at "shit tier" and the stuff I produce is just a bit better than the bottom of the range vodkas and gins available commercially. Still learning though! You aren't going to hallucinate unless you put some hallucinogens in your brew. Methanol is also something of a myth - unless you're using a fairly specific source material (using pectin to break down complex sugars) you cannot produce methanol in dangerous quantities. You can, and will, produce lots of horrible light esters that will make your booze taste like nail varnish. That's why you discard the very first section of the distillate.
Off the top of my head there is the walkie talkie building in London and some hotel in the states that managed to have the death beam go through the pool area at certain times of day. Good job, designers!
Looking at the box art, there is indeed a tiny URL on the back buried in what looks like the cancer warning block found on cigarettes. That may easily be judged not prominent enough or not understandable enough, both of which are sufficient to invalidate the agreement - as far as I know it hasn't been tested. Probably because we don't usually need to go that far in the EU as we have a more general rule that "Under EU law, standard contract terms used by traders have to be fair. This doesn't change if they're called "terms and conditions" or are part of a detailed contract that you actually have to sign. The contract is not allowed to create an imbalance between your rights and obligations as a consumer and the rights and obligations of sellers and suppliers." There is a large list of things that they're not allowed to include in any agreement - see [this](https://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/consumers/unfair-treatment/unfair-contract-terms/index_en.htm) for some examples that are commonly violated in EULAs (eg the right to change the terms unilaterally is not allowed). There is also a grey list of terms that are likely to be judged to be invalid without good reason. Being able to unilaterally discontinue access to a product for unspecified reasons? That isn't going to fly.
Only really when I need to work out the component of a force in the vertical direction and I know the angle of the force to the horizontal.
People don't like change. Plus, it could be odder. The UK is a bizarre mix of metric and imperial. Small distances are inches or cm depending on age. Medium distances are usually metres, except heights which are feet. Longer distances are miles, unless you're buying cable when it's kilometres. Shoe sizes, amazingly enough, are in barleycorns (1/3") though that isn't a widely known fact. Liquids are all bought in litres, except beer and cider which are pints (wine and spirits, naturally, are ml because consistency is for the weak). Often products are sold in multiples of 568ml, because despite being theoretically metric milk comes in pints dammit. Fuel economy, of course, is in miles per gallon. This makes calculating how far you will go on a given purchase of fuel an exercise in advanced mathematics. Weight of everything bought is in kg, except again lots of multiples of 454g because lb used to be standard. Oh, and people are naturally weighed in stones, because why not. Colder temperatures are in Celsius (watch out for frost, it went below zero last night) but warmer temperatures are in Fahrenheit (it's over 90 degrees in Tenerife). Time is about the only thing that is standardised, though we do have fortnights to confuse Americans.
Industrial diamonds are essentially diamond dust and can be made of any bit of diamond found or grown, because hardness is the only important property. Jewellery diamonds have to be pretty (single crystal rather than a cluster, the right number and colour of inclusions, and the bigger the better). A bag of synthetic industrial diamond dust can be as low as $0.03 per carat says a quick look on alibaba. A 1 carat mined stone was around $6000 according to Reuters at the end of 2018 for reference:)
Well, you need three hands...
When I was a student, we used to drink what I called Times New Roman vodka because of the zero effort label - it had a plain white label with only the legally mandated info (strength, possibly manufacturer?) and the word "VODKA" printed on it. It wasn't as bad as you'd expect, actually.
Someone who discovered "To the valley!" was too long for a licence plate.
Strong emotions, the same as a grown woman. And stepping on an upturned plug. The things are like caltrops.
I'm 37. It hasn't got better yet (currently suffering because my pdoc is a fucking idiot who ignored my lithium dropping below theraputic levels and now hasn't got any appointments until March).
Launch controller for NASA / SpaceX
Still lying in bed, but I'd probably have a psychiatrist come to visit me rather than having to go to them.
That would be 1945, so the world is still in the grip of the worst war in history, but things are looking up (for the Allied nations, at least). In a couple of months, the war in Europe will be over, and in 8 months WW2 will end with the horrors of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Entertainment is pretty limited (TV was turned off for the duration, vinyl hasn't yet been introduced, and the only computer in existence is too busy to play Skyrim).
Self-duplication with a hive mind. Under control: immortal, one man army. Not under control: a geyser of flesh if outside, or a kind of playdoh effect if you were inside when you got this power. All you can feel is the agony as the majority of your bodies are crushed into paste by their own clones. You cannot die, but wish you could.
That's great, but I'd like to know what the tradeoffs are - if you can generate a stabilising force at the cost of 99% of your propulsion, not worth it. If you retain 99% of your propulsion, this is fantastic. In between, cost benefits analysis time. There are other technologies for stabilising and damping, though all the ones I can think of are active rather than passive.
I'd say "thank you for helping me resolve the paradox of choice".
It wouldn't be *that* different to crashing a motorbike. Admittedly there is a reason bikers are occasionally called "meat crayons" when poured in hospitals, but helmet + leathers would still make a lot of difference at what looks to be 30-40mph?
Seems reasonable
Probably, but I don't consider myself at risk at the moment and don't want to take resources from people who are. Essentially bedbound, yes, but not in danger country.
I've got a T500 reflux still, and the instructions have a *huge* section on distilling water (by removing all the saddles and setting up the hoses in a completely different way to turn it into a less than great pot still). I didn't really think about it until someone asked if you were allowed to make your own spirits in the UK (ans: not without a monstrous amount of paperwork, but unless you're selling your product they don't care).
Not an SSRI, because I don't respond to them at all for some reason, but I've had middling to good results combining lithium with - at different times, not all together, and in order of increasing effectiveness - an SNRI (venlafaxine), an atypical antidepressant (mirtazapine) and an MAOI (phenelzine). I'm actually planning to ask to go back to the lithium/MAOI combo at my next appointment as the current lamotrigine trial has failed miserably. No issues with hypomanic episodes due to the antidepressants (apart from the one that convinced me to stop the MAOI, which I've recently realised was because my lithium level was half the therapeutic level).
1 in 12 (8%) of working age people have never worked *at the time this question was asked*. More than 50% of people now go to uni. Uni lasts 3+ years. "Working age" lasts what, 18 to 65, so 47 years. If everyone left education and immediately found work, you'd expect to see a figure of 3% just from students attending further education. That leaves us with 5% of adults. That has to cover people too disabled to work (government stats say 16-19% of working age adults have a disability, though I couldn't find any figures for those permanently unable to work). It has to cover people who don't work by choice (eg because they have familial wealth). It has to cover those who are doing non-renumerated work, like carers. Employment levels also have to include some slack - too little unemployment paralyses businesses as they can't hire when they would like to take on more work and drives up salaries for the workforce as they are in a much better position to negotiate. Even if you look at Thatcher and think she was a bit of a wishy washy leftie these figures aren't bad.
This is "never worked", not "currently unemployed"
I very much doubt it includes paper rounds, lemonade stands, etc but you might be interested in [this. Part time jobs for students have halved. ](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-50985407) Turns out if you make going to university more or less essential for non-entry level jobs, then saddle people with £50k of debt to go to uni, then studying takes priority over beer money. A couple of shifts stacking shelves may make you a few k a year, but could cost you much more in future. I'm coming into this as someone who had 3 paper rounds until I was old enough to be a waiter, but times have changed. For one, most of the waiters in restaurants near me seem to be older than 20 (possibly because the North doesn't exactly have a surfeit of good jobs).
The resurgence of piracy as online streaming splinters into exclusives across too many different services. The death of Facebook, almost certainly to be replaced by something similar and if anything yet more intrusive, possibly linked to... The rise of personalised AI assistants. Alexa etc are all getting slowly better, but the next step is for them to adapt to you specifically. The state of the art in recommendation engine style AI is woeful (hey, we see you've recently bought a car! Have some car adverts!) but that will improve dramatically this decade as money is poured into ML. Mostly as a continuation of existing trends, but aided by your personal AI filter, people living next to each other will have entirely different experiences of the world. You won't watch the same TV, see the same news, and to an extent language itself will drift apart as non-geographical communities change the meaning of words in sometimes mutually incomprehensible ways. Wealth concentration will continue to form people into clumps. The rich continue, the comfortably off shrink in number, the just about managing and the outright poor grow. Fixed line only telcos will collapse as the default for domestic Internet becomes 5G (this isn't for heavy users or gamers - though our Internet will get more expensive as fixed lines become rarer). Someone will finally come out with a wearable that doesn't make you feel like an arsehole in public. No idea how or what, but it'll probably be Apple using the power of fanboyism to change fashion.
It's a proof of concept of a linear accelerator (so not a ring like the LHC) and the important thing is the energy gain per metre, which is about 10x what standard linear accelerators like SLAC manage. If (and it is a big if) this can be scaled, it's very interesting stuff.
Since we're firmly in pedant's corner, the Asian tiger snake is both poisonous and venomous...
OK Jesus
See MySpace - these seismic shifts happen.
There are lots of different roles that deal with SQL. There are administration roles (DBAs) where the content largely doesn't matter. There are analyst roles where the content is the only thing that matters (though you will likely need to know application and DB specific tips to optimise your queries). There are software dev roles where you have to work closely with databases (both internal and external DBs) so you have to care about both the DB and the content. There are architecture roles where you don't even touch a database but have to know both your software and the business requirements to a huge level of detail to get maximum performance, ease of support and ease of development. You need to have a think about what type of work you want to do - a single tool doesn't determine your career path.
MySpace was anything but tiny - it was a $600 million company in 2009 and was very widely used by Internet connected people under say 30. Was it as big as Facebook? No, because the Internet wasn't as ingrained in everyday life. The iPhone was only launched in 2007, remember, and didn't even have apps until the second half of 2008.
Cable bills in the US seem incredibly high as a UK resident - for us, broadcast TV was the standard (cost: TV licence, approx £140 per year) with a cable or Sky subscription on top that for around £20-£30 unless you wanted absolutely everything. That's 3-4 active subscriptions tops, and again only for someone very into TV. Most of the UK isn't going to give up on the Beeb (not as easy as cord cutting in the US for a number of reasons) so you're down to 2-3 active subs, which means Netflix, Amazon and possibly a 3rd party. When a single show isn't on those services, do you think the response will be "Oh, I'll just sign up to another service, get another app, and search in 4 places now" or do you think it'll be "bollocks to that, I pay enough each month. Yarrr." Netflix and Spotify beat piracy by being both easier and at an affordable price. Make the experience worse (searching across multiple platforms is a pain, and as for which apps support which features on which playback devices...) or make it more expensive and the balance of convenience shifts back to piracy.
Subcontracting does not remove your responsibility to provide the service. If I'm amazon, and there are two local delivery services, Limo Delivery Inc and Joe's Kick Yo Package Inc, it is still my fault if I choose Joe to save a dollar and your package is damaged.
When items are delayed, the cost can be hugely higher than the cost of the item. For an example, you're decorating your kitchen and realise you need some obscure plumbing joint. Option A - stop work, go to the shop, realise they don't have that exact part but you can sort of make it work by combining 3 other bits. Costs a decent chunk of time, more cash (because not the perfect part) and gives a suboptimal result. Option B - order online from a non-Amazon service with next day delivery and work on something else until the morning. Costs a chunk for delivery. Option C - order from Amazon Prime, where the delivery cost is baked into the subscription. The thing is, you can easily find other things to do for a few hours, but when the delay goes into days, suddenly the plasterer can't do his job and he's booked up for the next few weeks so you're into cascading cockup country. Just suck up the cost / lower quality if timing is that important, I hear you say. But it applies to lots and lots of things, and Amazon have made a commitment to deliver next day - that is the service I have bought. If they can't manage that regularly enough, they shouldn't be offering the service.
No Hugo Weaving? Agent Smith in the Matrix, V (in V for Vendetta), Elrond in Lord of the Rings? Not to mention Mitzi in Priscilla, Queen of the Desert.
Bethesda games have always been horribly buggy, but you kind of gave them a pass because the storytelling and actual game were damn good. Recently they appear to have cut something they really shouldn't, making less fun games, which means there isn't anything masking the underlying shonkyness. Can they turn it around? It's certainly possible. Will they? We shall see. Publishers tend to just fail or be borged before they can fix problems though.
Tuesday.
I can smell this picture
Driving over sleeping policemen. (I'm from the UK, sleeping policemen are speed bumps.)
A particularly energetic fart
Several weeks later... OK, I see why that God didn't pay attention. SHUT UP YOU WHINY BASTARDS!
The ability to succeed at anything realistic I attempt. No breaking the universe level omnipotence, just an *almost* superhuman competence. Want to cure disease X? You will still have to do the work to become a medical researcher etc, but you have that surety in your mind that you will get there in the end.
Slimline tonic is essentially calorie free, and tastes much closer to regular tonic than normal soft drinks vs diet soft drinks. Overall you can get drunk for around 2.5x fewer calories (nothing you can do about the calorie content of alcohol).
Pint of beer: 250kCal Double gin and slimline tonic: 100kCal Pretty massive difference, and the taste difference between slimline and normal tonics is much smaller than the difference between eg coke and diet coke. Half a bottle of gin works out at about 750kcal, so definitely manageable as part of a calorie controlled diet.
Around here you just ask for the type of tonic you want (gin being fashionable means even low end pub chains will have multiple tonic brands available). What are you putting in your G&amp;Ts? With 125ml of normal tonic, it's still only around 150kcal - much lighter than a beer/wine/cider of equal strength.
A double gin usually comes with a 125ml bottle of tonic, so only around 50% more calories than the diet version - still 100kcal better per drink than beer. The only issue with artificial sweeteners is that they don't taste as good as sugar :) If you were consuming enough aspartame to be worried about it, swapping to sugared versions would see you become a diabetic elephant in very short order :D
I weigh twice what many people do (hence the diet) so that's a good night out rather than crazy blackout drunk. Not great for my health, but not on my list of things to tackle any time soon.
Yep, food calories are 1000 regular calories for no good reason. I quite fancy eating millions of calories a day...
As a privately educated UK resident, no. I went to a private school, which was privately run and cost money. They tend to be called independent schools by the kind of people who run private schools and fee paying schools by those who would rather there not be private schools. A public school is privately run, costs money and has some historical weirdness about the way its run. It usually only refers to a short list of relatively well known schools. A grammar school can be public or private - it is one that selects on grounds of ability. Private ones are more common, but the state does still run some. A comprehensive is an older name for a normal, state run school (it is non-selective, most children used to sit an exam at 11 to decide whether they went to a grammar school so were destined to be lawyers, doctors, etc or well, weren't - often a self-fulfilling prophecy). There are also schools run by churches, which are varying degrees of stupid.
There are fires in Australia? Thanks Russell Crowe, I was entirely unaware. At this point you've reached everyone in the world you're going to reach. You have their attention. Now we need to transform that attention into action, rather than just memes. That's a lot harder to achieve, especially for people on the other side of the planet who can't exactly do much to change Australian politics. We can throw in a bit of cash to help out, but that's about it. And quit it with "as a result of this awareness more people will change to greener ways". If you care about climate, you're already trying to minimise your own footprint - we keep getting wake up calls, and a certain proportion of the population takes note and the rest go "doesn't directly affect me" and carry on.
It has "voluntary" right in the name
I love that they've just rebranded everything because b/g/n/ac were too confusing - we need simple numbers instead. Oh, and now 6E. Sigh.
Design is fine, installation is awful.
Oh yes. Especially alternative video modes, where discovering what is supported is a pain. Oh, and power delivery, where working out what the maximum power that can be delivered is impossible between poor labelling of sources, sinks and especially cables.
Sorry, u/InsertSmartassRemark
I'll add a +1 to patience. Talk to your partner about where they've been in the past - how bad do the highs and lows usually get? How bad have they been? How often do they occur? Once you're through the trust barrier, have a talk about anything embarrassing that might come back to haunt you two in future (arrested while manic, risky sexual behaviour, financial nightmares). Set clear red lines *when your partner is relatively stable*. You're going to have times of depression and times of mania, and that isn't something you can stop by demand, but you can say eg that you must be showing a willingness to manage your condition - taking medication as instructed, following up on regular checks (eg lithium needs blood monitoring on a regular basis), avoiding triggers (which vary from person to person but eg stimulant drug use is usually a bit of a no-no).
Only if it floated on Tesla coils
Buy a cheap, small, dilapidated fibreglass sailing yacht. Get a permit for an offshore / in lake mooring ball. Seal cash in concrete and use it as the anchor for the mooring ball.
Why did the "You know when you've been Tango'd" advertising campaign get stopped?
Aww. I thought that it was going to be an amphibious car for a moment.
Screws. Never useful screws, but you don't want to throw them away. If you do, that is when you discover both their origin and that it is impossible to get a replacement screw.
I signed loads working in the part of a company that issued mailings (not marketing). You found out about things like poor returns on funds significantly before the fund holders (because you're sending out the letters to notify said fund holders) and they don't want you spreading news around ahead of time. They were often not technically time limited, but obviously become pretty much meaningless once the letters have dropped. Somewhat self-defeatingly having a mailing with an NDA attached just meant that everyone in the department read it, rather than ignoring the content like every other mailing.
For the best hugs
"What is your preferred brand of incontinence pants?"
Is it excessive to have a guy fucking your vagina, one in your ass and one in your mouth, while you masturbate guys with both feet and both hands?
"It isn't what it looks like." Spoiler: it always is.
Sexuality isn't a brand burned into your skin. You don't pick once then that's it. Have fun, try not to hurt yourself or others, and see what makes you happiest.
Depends on my mood and business. Puckish and time-rich? Time to play the how-long-can-you-keep-this-arsehole-talking game. Annoyed at the interruption? "Can I interest you in..." &lt;click&gt;
30s. I had been treated for years for insomnia and depression but for some reason it didn't come together for a long, long time.
Oh, it was DNS
&gt; If you put them all under one roof, the landlord must be responsible for their crimes. Have you been hit on the head recently? Is the landlord of rented property liable for the actions of the tenant? The owner of a freehold liable for the actions of the leaseholders? Hotels liable for the actions of their guests? I'm not sure if your "Well, you can't function in society, so guess you can freeze to death" approach is stupid or just unthinking and callous, so pitching just to appeal to self-interest: it costs more to have people out on the street than it would to house them. Living rough takes a huge toll on your body, which is then treated by the NHS, for an obvious example.
When the PS4 came out (2013!) less than 1% of people had a 4k TV, so getting 4k stuff working well wasn't a priority. That doesn't just affect the speed of the processors (CPU and GPU), it affects architecture choices like memory and cache sizes. The Pro (like the One X) is a bit of a hack job, trying to make an architecture that wasn't designed with 4k in mind manage it anyway. Games designers can, optionally, include 4k content that will work on the Pro/X but their games still have to work on the regular console, so it's duplication of work. The new consoles are designed for 4k, so games designers can use 4k as the baseline. Enhancements for the 5 Pro or whatever conglomeration of Xs Microsoft go with for their equivalent will have better lighting, physics, particle effects etc but not different resolution. If you think 4k is pointless, I don't know what to say. The difference between full HD and 4k is easily visible when just watching TV for me, and folk sit a lot closer when playing games...
The online services are, quite frankly, bullshit. Prebookable appointments go in minutes once released, and they aren't released to the online service at the same time as the phones, so calling at whatever time your GP releases appointments is the only option (that time, of course, isn't standardised because fuck patients). Want a repeat prescription online? At my GP, you have to use the electronic prescription option, which takes an additional 2 days to send to the pharmacy next door for no good reason. Not great if you have non-regular repeats of something that is awful to run out of - didn't realise 4 days in advance? How could you have been so foolish? Want to see you appointments? Ha, you can only see the ones you made on the service. Appointments that you made while at the surgery, eg for blood tests, don't appear. So yeah, there are good reasons to be pissed off at GP IT and procedures, which appear designed to be as annoying as possible in an attempt to put people off booking appointments. The cuts to funding are shit, but remember that most of the country didn't actually vote for the party in power (no party has got 50% of the voting population ever, as far as I know - certainly not in modern history).
You can't assume that it'll be a short appointment though, because that cough could be something more serious, so you have to book it as if it'll take the full length. That means you aren't getting more appointments per day, but the number of appointments being booked has just gone up massively because you'd be seeing 100 just normal coughs, whereas currently you're seeing 10 bad coughs that have lingered. One of them, in both cases, might be something needing a followup that would've benefited from being seen earlier, but is that worth a tenfold increase in appointments? Additionally, in reality lots more minor ailments would mean lots more referrals to further tests, which already take an eternity.
Energy. Pressure behind the eyes if I'm still. Have to be moving, talking, doing. Constant fiddling, jiggling, writing, thinking, talking. No downtime. Focus, hard to maintain but I can do it with the energy I have. What needs doing? It is DONE. What doesn't need doing? So is that. If I don't care to maintain focus, so many ideas. So many ideas. Everything taken to extremes, work done to a ludicrous standard or an excessive amount done. Partying done to an extent that would make Andrew WK seek a breather. Uninhibited. New ideas are almost automatically good, regardless of their actual merit. Hey, want to go on holiday tomorrow? Later on, irritability (why is no one keeping up with me / think my idea for compulsory pub lunches is stupid / have stopped drinking 19 hours ago?). Oversharing (want to hear about this one time in Bangkok? Gather round, work colleagues and casual acquaintances). Poor performance (lots of activity, but the quality drops if you spend a few days awake).
If your phone provider can / will give you a second SIM without requiring an extra charge, a backup phone to sit in a drawer somewhere. One you've upgraded from that still works is fine, just something that works. Losing or breaking your phone is a complete mare when all your conversations, calendar, phone numbers etc are on it.
I'm going to need some Team America valmorification, stat.
One of the issues you'd have is that a lot of the data people are hoarding is subject to copyright, even if the original creator has vanished. Even if the original creator has given their permission, there could be other interests in play. It's a nightmare. Think deleted YouTube videos, flash animations, things like that - background music licensed separately from new content, parts licenced for stream which wouldn't cover downloads, etc. Having an easily searchable list and / or automatic way to request that content starts to look very much like a file sharing network, and would nigh-certainly get slapped with legal bullshit that no one wants to deal with.
This is specific gods, and we all know what metal is like, so you now have the choice of being God of Technical Operatic Norwegian Pirate Metal or God of Blackened Symphonic Panpipe Viking Metal.
I will be the God of Lag. Prayers directed at me are constant and heartfelt. I am not a merciful God.
I had a wonderful morning where I received two letters. One confirmed that I had been accepted into the University of Cambridge to study physics (well, natural sciences, because Cambridge). The other regretfully informed me I had been rejected for a job frying chicken at KFC.
Extracting SIM cards. I've got a pile of those actual SIM eject tools, but what's handy when I actually need to do the job?
Breatharianism is a self correcting problem
If you're not a regular cyclist already, 6-7 miles is a pretty major step. You will be extremely sweaty when you get to work, which could be a problem if your workplace doesn't have showers (or has inadequate showers for the number of cyclists).
People like you are the reason cycling in the UK is only for full lycra twats. Here is someone wanting to transfer from car to bike, who says that traditional bikes haven't worked in the past, and gets told "do it properly you slacker". There might be other health concerns, or just being unfit - but this is someone trying to go to two wheels, something we're meant to be encouraging, get this response. Bravo. If you're using an ebike, you are building up the muscles you use for cycling without causing yourself damage by trying to do too much too fast.
All the trains on my route were built significantly before the fall of the Berlin Wall as a temporary stopgap. Yeah. Think about how much has changed since then, but not the bloody Pacers that Northern were supposed to be retiring years ago.
It's good to see you demonstrating that being patronising isn't an accident, and you are just that much of an arse.
Really? What is this magical clothing that stops you sweating while you build your fitness up? Wicking sweat away isn't the same thing as not sweating, and you're still left with all the lovely residue. If you start off at a high level of fitness, not a problem. If you start off as a 20 stone fat guy, you're going to sweat buckets. As I said on the other comment, you should be encouraging new people to start cycling not being an elitist wanker.
How long would you recommend taking for your commute? It's 45 minutes at average UK cycling time, so longer for a novice, and 45 mins is a long commute anywhere outside London. Sweaty cyclists coming into the office without showering may think they don't smell. They are wrong.
Nope, I've long given up cycling after moving back up north - the link roads from my town to anything else are murderous. I just dislike people dissuading others from starting something that will make them healthier in the long term because they somehow feel ebikes aren't doing it properly.
My question was how long do you think it should take for our novice cyclist to be non-sweaty? It clearly isn't the average speed of cyclists in the UK, it has to be slower - so how much slower? An hour? 1.5 hours? Most people don't spend multiple hours a day at the gym, though that might explain why you seem to think everyone can just go straight to a significant amount of aerobic exercise without sweating. So, it's January, which means there will be some newbies in the gym when you go today. See how easy they're finding the bikes, even for short durations, and how sweaty they're getting.
Nothing different? It isn't like there is an entrance exam to be a royal, you just have to be born to the right parents.
4 6TB external drives set up as a RAID10 (so 12TB useable), plus a mirror on G Suite. I've got another 36TB as 12 3TB drives in a proper server, but I wasn't using it enough to warrant the power draw so consolidated down when I cleared a lot of the crap I was never going to watch that I had in SD. I could power it up again if I get low on storage.
This, and it's high frame rate (120fps) rather than crazy resolution that restricted the theatres.
Without. Sweating. Can you actually read? And yeah, if you're doing a 5K run each day plus a commute cycling, you're doing way, way more than most. Go look at the difficulties people are having getting 10K steps in per day.
*“The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, but expecting different results.”* - Einstein Given he's tried the bike option, as it says in his OP, you're advocating... doing it again. Well done.
Bullshit, frankly. If the average cycling speed in the UK, which will mostly be calculated from regular commuters who are sweating and showering, would take you 45 mins then I very much doubt that a new cyclist is doing it in one hour without sweating. I have quite enough mood stabilisers, thanks - they come in pill form. You on the other hand might need checking out.
The problem the OP had was not "I want to exercise". The problem the OP had was "I want to get to work". A condition on that problem was "a classic bike hasn't worked in the past". You went straight to "scoff at ebikes, get regular bike" ignoring the condition.
&gt; according to Strava data, the average male UK cyclist rides at an average speed of 25.61kmh (15.9mph), whilst the average UK female hits 19.84kmh (12.32mph). From [Cycling Weekly](https://www.cyclingweekly.com/fitness/training/13-ways-increase-average-cycling-speed-144937) Good enough?
Apologies - the 45 minutes came from a Google Maps (by putting in two coastal distances 7 miles away) then I conflated it with the average speed data from CW. However, I would certainly suggest that the average cyclist needing to avoid sweating is less than half the average speed of a cyclist regular enough to be uploading their cycle times to Strava.
Based on history, if you were incapable of ruling (severe autism maybe, bipolar certainly not) then the next tier down (the court, consisting of the lords of the realm) would band together and demand that the succession skipped to the next suitable candidate, or that a regent be appointed. This would be done in private. Depending on the exact situation, this could mean a regent ruling until the death of the royal at which point succession happens as normal, a peaceful handover eg by abdication (either actual or compelled/faked), or a less peaceful handover by murder. If you run out of candidates, you've got a war of succession, which is never good.
I've got a PW4, and am surprised you want something lighter - it's already lighter than all but the thinnest paperbacks, and I would actually prefer a bit more heft (except when I fall asleep and it hits me in the face, but I'd go for "softer" rather than "lighter" given the choice). Waterproof is a surprisingly good feature missing off your list, although that does possibly depend how much you like reading in the bath and how worried holding electronics over water makes you. The lack of buttons is indeed annoying. I'd say you get used to it, but after generations of kindles I still miss them. The only advantage on the PW4 is that it makes the front completely smooth, so crap doesn't build up in the edges and it can't catch pocket edges.
Saw them in the UK when Black Veil Brides were the support act. Not my cup of tea, but whatever. A young guy a way in front was less sanguine about them, screaming homophobic insults through their set. Having seen Rammstein before, it came as no surprise when the first song was Buck Dich, complete with the band - mostly nude and oiled - leather harnessed and pulling Till around while being whipped. I can only imagine that guy was surprised by this turn of events...
Ahh that might be it - I don't use a case.
There isn't so much a shortage as a shortage at the prices we're used to. For HDDs, that isn't an issue - they're small volume and expensive anyway, so doubling the cost of the helium used wouldn't add much if anything to the cost of the drive. Frivolous applications like balloons, it might kill. Applications that use lots of helium, like MRI machines, have more of a problem, but they're very good at keeping the helium in normally so it just makes unexpected purges even more expensive.
But only because of a single sticking out bit. The sticking out bit is obviously removable, but only if you essentially dismantle the entire bit of furniture, ideally involving lots of steps where doing it slightly wrong will snap vital pegs or otherwise permanently damage it.
Things in inappropriate sizes and packaging, like individually wrapped tictacs or star anise in 10kg bags.
Yeah, ignore Facebook. &gt; Bipolar II disorder (BP-II) is defined, by DSM-IV, as recurrent episodes of depression and hypomania. Hypomania, according to DSM-IV, requires elevated (euphoric) and/or irritable mood, plus at least three of the following symptoms (four if mood is only irritable): grandiosity, decreased need for sleep, increased talking, racing thoughts, distractibility, overactivity (an increase in goal-directed activity), psychomotor agitation and excessive involvement in risky activities. You will note the absence of anything like "out of control" or "hospitalised" from that list. For what it's worth, I don't think it's all that common for BP2 people to be treated as an inpatient. The UK has very much an "unless you're psychotic and/or won't stop stabbing everything around you, you're going home" policy. Even then, it's 50/50.
Given the Pacers were designed with a maximum lifespan of 20 years, and the last one was built in 1987, there is plenty of blame for Northern. This isn't being late by a couple of months, this is being late by 13-20 *years*.
Very unlikely. Social media checks, if done at all, are looking for anything that could embarrass the company (think heavy drug use / dealing, neo nazi stuff, terrorism support, that kind of thing). You might be thinking that no one would be daft enough to post evidence of their criminality to a public forum, but you'd be very wrong.
Fix what can be fixed (if you haven't already) and then at least when you think back and cringe you can recite the mantra "What's done is done. I have done all I can. Next time I will do better." Stamp on the what-ifs. They're sometimes useful, briefly, when you're looking back on something and seeing how it went wrong and what you could do differently in future, but after a very short period they become repetitive (and, for me at least, unrealistic. Not just dancing through the raindrops using hindsight but "if I had only realised &lt;thing that I had no way of knowing&gt; then I could've done X"). Think about what's triggering the flashbacks - particular places? People? Feelings? Smells? Sounds? It may be that in the short term you can avoid the triggers, though be careful with that.
CSI: Midsomer doesn't have the same ring though
Just say "I don't have Facebook" and set your page to private if you're concerned
I went with the idea that occasional cheat days were acceptable and expected, but try not to go too crazy. It let me keep my momentum and get back on the diet the next day, rather than writing it off and having to summon up the willpower to start again.
I own an ungodly amount of home theatre gear (which I use at appropriate times). It's overspecced because you don't want to drive speakers too hard. Start a noise war, you will lose and lose hard.
Yes, I can't imagine why you'd want to know quickly if the main / only entrance and exit to the flats was on fire.
You'd have to promote the second fastest. Meringue!
It was stupid when Blair did it, it'll be stupid if Boris does it. The only winners from following the Americans to a pointless, ill thought out war will be oil execs.
Just ask - I'm not an arse. If you've got an odd schedule (work nights or something) just let me know and I'll work around it.
Spain would be confusing.
Yep, had a fwb for a decade. When either of us had other partners, no problem - we're just friends. It was also a good way to filter out over jealous partners. We're still good friends now, and she's married with kids.
Not as much as you'd think - take the largest weapon ever made, the Tsar Bomba. The impact that killed the dinosaurs was equivalent to 100 million of those. In short, it'd be bad for the people living on the planet but wouldn't do that much to the planet itself.
What do you mean by a government? Most (all?) countries have many layers of management, from the top level that decides whether to go to war down to the bottom level which decides what day your bins are collected. If you got rid of the top level, not a lot would change. Belgium, for example, managed to run quite happily for years without a functioning government. If you got rid of all the levels, you'd have to build something equivalent again pretty damn quickly before you drowned in uncollected rubbish.
I quite enjoy hypomania initially, in much the same way I'd imagine long term heroin addicts enjoy that first hit of the day. In both cases, the joy is short term and the consequences often aren't.
A friend of mine from uni was tiny (sub 5 ft) and looked young. She was hit on by some extremely sketchy guys.
In part Google Reader being shut down
Yeah, calling bullshit on any survey that has Reiki shown as being more effective than lithium.
? Shouldn't that fit easily once the back seats are down? I've carried a lot of stuff in Ford Fiestas over the years, an appliance in a hatchback isn't exactly difficult. Hell, I had a fridge in there (single door, but full height) by dropping the back seats and flattening down the front passenger seat. Trucks are rare in the UK.
You'd be the first to complain about them "cashing in on being royals" if they took up jobs in advertising or something. They're in a spot where its difficult to think of a good option. For no fault of his own but birth, Harry's been hounded by the press to the point where they literally caused the death of his mother and are chipping away at his wife. What would you do? Renouncing everything wouldn't make the press magically fuck off, and a career using his skills (eg in the military) wouldn't pay for a tenth the costs of the security needed to keep his family safe.
I tried Huel, but it tasted like someone else had tried it first. I went with "getting extremely fat and unhealthy because ordering supermarket deliveries requires a multiday lead time but pizzas get here in 25 mins". I'd say it was also really poor from a financial point of view, but pizza when depressed is the least of the issues on that front.
The blobs of molten wax are more of a "snooze" situation I suppose
Fanfiction
From the landlord's perspective, this is more of a pain in the arse than a normal lease with no guaranteed returns. Why? Any situation in which it makes sense for the tenant means the landlord is getting less than they would be normally. Any situation in which it makes sense for the landlord means the tenant is getting surprising large bills at irregular intervals. No one wins.
Tea, coffee both healthier than being shot in the back - shock news!
Though I'm not sure what effect this new legislation will have (almost certainly none), pointy knives are not difficult to buy in the UK. They're age restricted, like booze, which means that when you attempt to buy a knife the cashier will ask you for ID if you look young and they're paying attention. That's it. Hell, getting flu medicine in the states is harder than getting a knife here. The one exception is the bizarre category of "zombie knives", which I suspect was created after someone in government choked on overly sugary cereal. It means you can't buy horribly gaudy neon trimmed over serrated knives. Nothing of value was lost.
In my case, I looked at becoming a landlord and decided against because it was more trouble than it was worth. I must have more money than sense, right? No. I have a flat I got on a 100% interest only mortgage as the market crashed. As I'm in the North, property prices are still not where they were then, so negative equity. I had a job opportunity at the other end of the country, so commuting wasn't practical, but it was probably going to last a year tops. Storing my stuff would've worked out at pretty much the same cost as my mortgage, and rents here aren't high, so it just didn't make sense to get all the certificates and deal with the stress and risk of having a tenant. I don't know how we fix the housing issues in this country, but making it more difficult or expensive to let property will just lead to more left empty (as my flat was, for 10 months).
Yes, it's crap, and yes, they need to understand why the fuel wasn't dumped according to normal procedures, but which would you rather have? A few people with skin irritation or a massive fireball engulfing hundreds?
Oh, the Jedi are going to feel this
Axel Rose
Get my MSc, while realising the life of a physics researcher did not match my temperament even slightly.
Glad you're going to deal with your own sewage, generate your own power (with generators you've built yourself from resources you've gathered somehow), etc, etc. Life involves lots of shitty jobs which get done because getting paid to do them is less shitty than not getting paid. There isn't really a way round that. Noone is volunteering to etch the crud off silicon wafers with horrific fluorine gases (and if they are they shouldn't be allowed near fluorine gases) but it needs doing if we want to continue to have a technological civilisation. I for one like having infant mortality be a rare event rather than a factor you have to consider in choosing how many children to have.
If you've come up a new way of living, publish your manifesto and enjoy the responses. You can either have incentives to do the shit jobs or you can compel people to do them. They don't vanish magically until you get to post scarcity, at which point to hand them to created AI servants to do.
It doesn't matter, given my current queue I won't be playing it until 2065.
Put up or shut up.
That's what I thought. Armchair philosopher writing about how the world would be better without capitalism on their iPhone.
*slips off path*
I'd prefer some of the stronger all naturally grown poisons not to be floating around in large quantities (think hemlock, nightshade, ricin, heroin etc).
I thought, then continued to think, because unlike you one thought per day isn't my limit. Literally the most prevalent feature in my life is change. I would absolutely love some stagnation right now, but it's extremely unlikely. Workers given choice (or self-actualisation in worker psychology speak) tend not to choose the shitty jobs. Lots of people like being a chef, very few like doing the washing up. How, in your world of empathetic choice, where what is produced is what we desire to create, do the pots get clean? Whatever device you're posting your comment from was made from materials mined in dubious circumstances, assembled into components in factories with lousy labour standards, and final build was likely done somewhere less than ethical. If you can't accept that, give your device to someone more sensible and go join the Amish (and be careful where you source your metals, I doubt they're digging vertical mines with literal horse power).
&gt; Literally the most prevalent feature in my life is change. &gt;Window dressing. Nothing substantive. Erm, I'm a contractor with bipolar. My brain changes multiple times a year from one extreme to the other, and I change employers every 6 to 12 months. I know exactly what I value in my life - I need to, because depression tries to take it away regularly. What change do you have in your life, or are you all talk? Who gets the shitty jobs in your world? Let's take one example - who is deep underground, in sweltering heat and filthy conditions, mining metals? It can't be a "community" job as it demands expert level skills. It needs doing. Who does it?
Black holes die quicker the smaller they are; you are positing literally the smallest possible measure of distance as their size. If a hole could even exist that small (I can't be bothered working out the mass of such a black hole - it might be too small) then it would evaporate so quickly you're talking about tick of the universe stuff.
I could have the kind of healthcare provided to heads of state, there still isn't a cure. Anecdote vs data. Not even you can deny that most communes fail. You're actually asking why I don't want to be pulling aborted fetuses out of my incredibly bad excuse for plumbing? Are you serious? Who the hell wants to do that? You've replaced compelled for financial reasons with compelled for social reasons, but you've still got a fundamentally unpleasant task ahead of you. At least with a technological capitalist society there is a chance that these horrific tasks get automated away because as more people stop being prepared to do them they get more expensive and thus more viable for robotic replacement. If you think sewer workers are doing it for shits and giggles, well, the giggles are all at you. You take your commune, I'll take my Internet where conversations like this are the nearest I come to dealing with other human waste.
There isn't enough time - they will evaporate before they can start to move, so no force they apply or that is applied to them matters. If you decide that magically they can't evaporate, you're left with a load of tiny point masses. You've given no information about them being charged, so absent other forces (also no information) they'll very slowly move together, exactly like a dust cloud collapsing except even slower because the mass of these holes is absolutely miniscule. If you make the cloud dense enough that stuff happens quickly, they'll just coalesce into bigger and bigger black holes (like dust clouds condensing into stars). Where the energy is coming from? Whatever created this cloud of tiny black holes and positioned them. Physics is just physics issues all the way down, until you hit infinities.
"Live up to your responsibilities" is code for being forced by social pressure. It's the kind of thing that the command staff in WW1 said before sending a fresh platoon into the mouths of the machine guns. Is that better than being forced by economic pressure? Why? If wanting life to be better than cleaning aborted fetus out of a shit filled hole in the ground is entitled, call me Captain Entitled. If you don't want life to be better than that, I'll call you Private Low Expectations. The people cleaning sewer blockages aren't the people building robot sewer unblockers. People aren't interchangeable parts. Somewhat hilariously, it's the same mistake that Marx and the outsourcing ultra-capitalists made, and it goes wrong every time. I'm scared of blue collar workers, person who had so little responsibility that they could bum around communes? My parents are a nurse and a fireman, my best friends locally are a guy who sells machine tools, a guy who runs a lathe and a nursing sister. They aren't some kind of noble savage - they're just people doing jobs. Some bits they like, some they hate. They aren't about to automate their jobs in the same way I'm not going to run onto a ward and try to take care of someone fresh out of surgery. I'd be concerned if someone said we're going full socialism, because every time it's been tried it seems that some people end up more equal than others...
You're saying that if you create a shell of wholly unrealistic "points of event horizon", then arbitrarily increase the density until they somehow merge, you can get something odd? Want to get something similar without the daft Planck black holes? Take a set of high spin black holes, arrange them into a Kemplerer rosette, and narrow the orbital radius. Take another, larger black hole with very large spin. Have it mounted in the centre of the rosette but oscillating through the plane. You will now have a sort of bottle defined by the flattened ergospheres (or if you really tighten the rosette, the event horizons) of the black holes. If you want a fully enclosed space you can really squeeze the rosette (but that will hugely reduce the large black hole oscillating as it will be in an interesting position - stably positioned inside multiple event horizons in a sort of compound black hole.
Work isn't scary, I'm quite happy with my coworkers and you're a malajusted fool who thinks life would magically work like it does in dreams despite the many, many, many failures when it's been tried. Have you had a proper job, ever, or just bummed around in communes?
Negative mass and energy are interesting thought experiments but sadly we haven't seen any signs of existence :( I'd love to find out we can create either, it'd make some really interesting things possible.
I'm glad you know my coworkers better than I do. Well done you. Bless. Oh, and I ridicule you whenever you say anything particularly ridiculous, so pretty much every sentence. I'm sure at some point you'll be right, but you haven't so far. What is a magic market? It appears to be a straw man. Anyone knowing even a tiny amount about economics knows that a competition driven system is pretty horribly wasteful - I certainly wouldn't argue with that. It also is a good way to get progress, as you tend not to make advances on the first path you explore. Getting the progress without the waste would be ideal, naturally. Either once again you've spotted something the thinkers of the world haven't, and I assume you'll be publishing it in due course, or you're going after an idea without understanding it or having any idea how to replace it. As normal. Any actual thoughts, or just farting in the wind? &gt;&gt; Have you had a proper job, ever, or just bummed around in communes? &gt;I'm more productive and useful than you can even imagine for yourself. I'll just take that as a no, should I?
You seem to have gone for a "I want to get this result - how do I go about it?" approach, then presented it as a thought experiment. The difference between 'negative energy and mass warp drives' and 'Planck sized black holes in a shell' is that there isn't anything in known physics that stops the first from existing, and once the properties of negative energy are defined you can make further calculations to see if it is consistent. If you're very intuitive and / or lucky, you discover a hole in standard physics, map it precisely and wait for the applause if it is actually found (see the positron). In contrast, Planck length sized black holes might possibly exist but if they did they wouldn't behave the way you want them to. A hollow black hole seems more of a stretch, but maybe its possible - but you don't get to it from Planck length micro black holes. There isn't any meat to the thought experiment, because it begins from "imagine this impossible thing", not "imagine this currently unknown thing".
&gt;You're not US? Nope, and what's more I mentioned that I was in the UK earlier. I guess you're both poor at observing *and* basic reading comprehension. Not surprising, but still. &gt;Oh, come on! Of course it does. Nope - technology is licensed and cross licensed, standards pools are created - it'd be impossible to have compatible technology, eg phones, computers, damn near everything that exists - without that cooperation. &gt; And as they approach the 20 they go to court and beg for more. You can't extend patents. For someone with strong opinions, you really lack basic knowledge... &gt; Mostly superficial. ...on many subjects, it would appear. Emissions per mile are hugely down (everywhere that doesn't buy penis extension trucks). A modern BMW will get double the mpg of the model a decade before, and that's before we look at electric cars (once again, all sharing similar tech under licensing and crosslicensing deals). &gt; [blather] with almost no interference, invasions to the crowded continent of europe? Actually, given I live in the crowded continent of Europe, I thought I'd compare the USSR to progress made in the rest of Europe. Hell, even the UK made better cars than Russia and ours were a national joke.
Once the racists agree, that might work. Unfortunately...
BGP hijacking. It lets bad actors (at state / telecom level) reroute traffic through networks they control. Various countries have been caught at it in the past (its pretty visible when it's done) but it is difficult to fix.
37
TL;DR: Legal but scummy, as per normal in private parking. The way most of these places work is that by parking in their private property, you have entered into a contract (if there is inadequate signage, this can be voided, etc). As part of that contract, you agree to pay fines if you don't pay the correct fees up front (otherwise they would have no legal way to fine you - they're just another company) and you agree to whatever shady data practices the supplier has. As with normal wheel clamps, running off with this thing (or any part of it, like the SIM card) would likely be treated as theft, in the same way as running off with the entry control barrier. If you steal something, you don't get to complain about any tracking of your activities with that thing. I'd suspect that the SIM is either for remote control (so the code wouldn't work until the payment is made) or remote management (so word that Unit C can be unlocked with code 12345 doesn't get spread around campus, making the thing instantly worthless).
Build a 1000m per side hollow concrete cube. Strip out anything that could burn from the inside. Build your regular sized house in the centre. Build a deep moat around your house (this isn't for fire prevention - that's the firebreak - but to help sink heat if everything around you is on fire).
[This is the one thing we didn't want to happen ](https://youtu.be/SRRw1ERj2Gc)
You're hoping for what, exactly? Aliens in a giant CO2 sucking spacecraft to pop by? We know how to solve climate change. It's just very expensive in the short term, and we're really crap as a species at taking a short term hit for long term reward.
We would find some other way to organise into hierarchical structures. We're a tribal species, social dynamics is part of our makeup.
Basic home woodwork. This message brought to you by my splintery fingers. Electrics, electronics, plumbing - most other DIY tasks - aren't bad with a bit of care. Wood is Satan's own material. It isn't uniform, it splinters, it cracks, some is waterproof, some isn't, it's just awful.
Is the temperature of molten glass uniform across even quite small distances? It strikes me as a material with poor heat flow that likes to clump up. I don't envy you that job :)
That's sort of how the UK works - you can only capture public spaces incidentally while you're recording your own property, and have to put up a sign listing the data controller for any cameras you have. Government cameras can capture public spaces, but the most prevalent (speeding cameras) are all both visible and painted bright yellow now because otherwise the operators aren't allowed to keep the cash - this was brought in because rather than using them for road safety, councils were putting grey cameras behind signs or in trees as a money making exercise.
Yeah, that sounds like a nightmare. "Test #46: probes softened, bent to form a circuit, current induced, corrosive gas caught on fire. Molten glass hit the ceiling and 3 workers. Not a success." On the plus side, if NASA decides they need better on location temp measurements for Venus, you'll be able to step up to the plate. Very cool stuff to play with, not so much to try to design around. Good luck with it in future!
How hard can it be to rub a bit of metal on a tree? Oh. Pretty hard. Damn you reality.
Sadly, this is something that has been tested in the UK. You can also be prosecuted for damaging the wheel clamp (there was a guy who dressed up as a superhero, gave out a mobile phone number, and would show up with a portable angle grinder and a clinical level of enthusiasm for cutting clamps to pieces - I'm not sure if he was ever caught / stopped or if they decided the publicity would be worse than losing the occasional clamp). It would be hard to argue you didn't see the enormous windscreen covering blob though...
Fantastic! &gt; That's was until he tried to put a mattress on it I thought this was going to end with a slow collapse, but no, it was better.
Clear signage with all terms etc is also required in the UK. Sadly, we're a small island so parking is often a pain, and where there's pain, there is (scummy) gain, so merely requiring proper signage didn't put off enough of the chancers. Now car park operators have to be part of the Accredited Operator Scheme, and are at least 5% less twattish.
Well, I'm just a simple country hyperchicken...
Lots of fluff pieces going back a couple of years, but no actual tech specs. No resolution (not PPI - which they're touting - but actual number of pixels). "We've put 3 pixels in a line really close together" is worlds different from "we have a 4k display." No field of view (could be amazing given it covers the iris. Could be crap if they're short on space / power and concentrating on the centre). Listed in the same stable as Magic Leap, which isn't encouraging given their hype to reality achievement ratio.
It's a lot easier to get a directional jet of air from a blower than to form a directional suck, so you're targeting your hair with more of the energy (think of the air pattern through the hair dryer - a slightly conical beam from the front, but air pulled from all directions behind). You can also heat the air as it goes through the drier, something that wouldn't really work for a hair sucker.
A bottle of Dave's Ultimate Insanity Sauce (not their regular Insanity sauce) from around 2000. It's nice but too hot to use regularly. Fortunately it is also too hot to go off, and even if it did I don't know how you'd tell - gastric distress is pretty much guaranteed anyway.
Appearance isn't, or certainly wasn't, a factor in dentistry over here. Orthodontic work just wasn't a thing. Good strong teeth - job done. Crooked? Not an issue. Brown? Is it just surface? Then leave it.
The poor bastard trying to make chicken nuggets. Every time he tries to slaughter a chicken, down he goes.
I'm not sure how much food growing you could do at most schools. They're selling off the sports fields to housing developers to balance the budgets. You could do microcultivation stuff (herbs, maybe some hydroponics) but I don't see a huge benefit - it's a pretty niche skill. I'd suggest lessons on how food etc is made - from plate back to source, for both traditional foodstuffs and more modern routes. Learn what goes into preserving foods, bulk manufacturing, etc and how to spot the places where corners have been cut.
Exactly that. It's changed a bit over the last couple of generations, but having braces just to straighten your teeth happened but was rare when I was a kid (born 1982).
Good find. That's less than 300 pixels square, so not a huge amount of display. In fact, less than half the res of the Google Glass display, which could only really display short bits of text. I'll file it under "might be good, someday, if they get some amazing breaks in manufacturing ability but I'm not going to hold my breath". I'd say I need a shorter name for that category, but considering the amount of stuff in it a long label isn't a big deal...
Yes, sometimes multiple times in a single day. For me it feels like its linked to the impulsiveness / uninhibitedness - should I buy all this gear? Of course I should! After 5 minutes of watching YouTube videos, it's clear that this is my destiny.
"Get out of my pub you filthy casual"
Still one of the best pan-subject (with emphasis on physics and computer science) books I can recommend is the Emperor's New Mind by Penrose. It has fantastic text descriptions of every topic along with optional maths where appropriate. Understanding quantum mechanics is something you can do now. Doing calculations is going to be a lot more work, probably a minimum of several years of maths.
You can still have and carry them, just not carry them around without good reason. "I carry a knife everywhere" isn't a good reason, whereas "I'm carrying this big folding knife because I'm going hiking and we're going to whittle wood" is. EDC has to be below 3" blade, which isn't all that unreasonable. The knives you can't have are balisongs, flick or gravity opening knives, hidden blades (as in disguised, not Assassin's Creed), zombie knives (which is a bullshit term for anything serrated / neon / decaled with blood splatter / etc), push daggers or hand- or foot- claws (which I didn't know existed and now want).
Don't be put off by bits you can't follow yet, and remember the optional maths is optional! There's a chunk on Church's lambda calculus that just would not click for me until revisiting it years (at uni) later :) I don't even particularly agree with his conclusions in the book, but the presentation of the material is first-rate.
Picture the scene: we're outside No.10 Downing Street, and there is a podium set up for an announcement. Boris Johnson steps out of the door, walks to his place, and is about to start talking when we realise that there is a just-about-audible noise, getting louder and clearer. All at once, the noise resolves into a doppler-shifted cry of "POWER HUG!" punctuated by the splintering wood of the podium and the squelch of two humans colliding at close to the speed of sound. Changing a Conservative Prime Minister into a different (flatter) person with the power of friendship and a plane-mounted man-rated cannon.
Icelandic fermented shark. We were in a city centre pub on a Friday night, we'd been there a while to build up the courage to try it so had a big table near the centre. It was busy enough that people were crowded in to our table on all sides. Well, we opened up that tupperware box and a clear space appeared like magic around our table. The smell was horrific. The next step was to pick up one of the gelatinous cubes, which somehow produced an even more concentrated waft of evil when squeezed. The final step for me at least was to throw it onto my tongue between retches, come damn near an instant vomit, and spit it into a handy empty glass. Never again.
This might be a difference in healthcare systems, but thyroid function was pretty much the first thing they checked for me. I get it rechecked on a very regular basis too, along with my lithium levels. Sadly (?), thyroid function is fine, it's just brain function that is a bit iffy.
Isn't that like investigating the rain for drips?
Take them to your manager and let them hear the complaint. They have the power to do something about it. If the manager is sick of getting regular complaints and deals with it by banning you from bringing customers to see them, report the staffing issues to the area manager, using the ban as evidence.
Wouldn't you feel so guilty that someone else was executed for your crime? Oh wait, no, serial killer. Probably not a whole lot of guilty feelings going on there.
I can't actually read the article, ironically enough because I'm from somewhere with better privacy standards, so maybe this is addressed in the article, but... Why would you *need* to microchip employees? If you're an arsehole boss who wants to track their staff, you can track the phones in the building. If you're a double arsehole boss who bans phones from the workplace, give staff an ID card / door card and track that. Is this some crazy Christian revelations Mark of the Beast thing where having the tracker as part of you is somehow beyond the pale?
Sigh, roll my eyes and mutter "Wednesdays." in a resigned tone.
If you're expecting a book to provide balance, choose it to match the space under your table leg. There isn't a book with the secret that'll make everything click for everyone. There are a huge number of techniques out there, and like diets they tend to be fluff to conceal the same effective bit at their core. Introspection. Thinking about the way you think, and building a layer of attention around your actual thoughts (either real time or by reviewing periodically) to see if the way you're thinking is appropriate. For a lot of people, the first step is just stopping for a moment and listening to their thoughts (mindfulness, meditation, contemplation, etc). For some, some adjustment is needed (CBT, NLP, most talking therapies, etc). Easy to say, very difficult to do well.
I'm an adult. I take a holiday and tell my friends not to disturb me. If you mean how do you stop caring, you don't want that. Trust me.
That looks perfect to me. They're giving you a choice - you can have the content and adverts, or go elsewhere. There's no hyperbolic "adblockers are killing our site!1!!" bullshit. There is no trying dark grey to black arts to get around the blockers. There is just a short, professional message with a choice. Bravo.
[OOOOO FORTUNA! ](https://youtu.be/GXFSK0ogeg4) Good when things are epic, bad ringing out in an office toilet. And through the surrounding walls.
At this point in time, if I'm forced to buy any cable for a fax machine there is a 50/50 chance of it being tied into a noose. Thank god I don't work in healthcare.
I'm aware they're still depressingly common, and as long as I don't have to get involved with them it isn't my problem. I can live with that. Any network issue that goes outside your network is going to take much longer than expected. Add in fossil technology and it's time for the overproof drinks again.
See, most people don't do weird shit like trying to implant things in their staff without a reason. The ones with a reason can achieve that easier, cheaper, with less pushback and whining and without the liability issues from compelled medical procedures. The weird fuckers who just want to implant things into their staff? Well, this is only banning microchips. There are all kinds of body mods - magnets in the fingertips or something wouldn't fall under this.
Essentially what rack mount servers have been doing for decades. The downside is you need high airflow = high noise, and a poorly designed component can ruin airflow (so eg CPU heatsinks are often case-specific).
Yeeeees, but that makes designing airflow even trickier (and if your single fan stops for any reason everything melts). Looking at the Dell R710 sat next to me as an example, it has a bank of fans 4 wide, but then two *deep*. It also sounds like it's about to take off when you first turn it on. It is literally shockingly loud, to the point of startle &amp; boggle.
Nah, most of ours is at Sellafield, home of the 2nd *and* 3rd most radioactively polluted sites in Europe! (essentially from the rush to get nuclear weapons, when the attitude to safety was "Throw the horribly radioactive thing in the storage pool. Don't worry about the paperwork")
They seem to often go together, but definitely not always - I don't get anxiety at any point, just the crippling depression and self destructive hypomania. Yay?
Odd, it isn't Talk Like A Pirate Day until September.
Flashflashflashflashflashflash *crunch* Damn it's getting warm in here.
So, after 7 minutes of bullshit, here is the 30s of content you actually wanted to watch, and then padding (and a sponsored message!) to bring the total video length to 10:02.
Chinchin is cheers in British English too, though its a bit toodle pip hooray these days.
This. (Source: Data Architect, have already been asked to sort problems with an iPad and a webcam this year.) Saying that, we're not unique - doctors and lawyers get the same "Oh? Can you help me with &lt;X&gt;" stuff, as if specialities weren't a thing.
Yep, chin (like the bottom of your face) repeated twice. Is the Japanese one pronounced chi-un then?
You are excused
I possibly hit 8hrs a day average in my first term at uni. I also gained 50% of my body weight in 2 months. These facts may be related.
You actually don't need a *huge* amount of cash to learn to sail, and yacht rentals are surprisingly cheap once you realise you don't then need hotels etc. I did my RYA dayskipper course in Gibraltar (because learning sailing in the warm beats the crap out of the cold) for under a grand, and there were courses called zero to hero that took you from no knowledge to full yacht master for around £7k I think, for about a 2 month course. That includes accommodation (sleeping on the yachts) but not food and drinks. Not a ridiculous amount to spend to get fully qualified and decently experienced (you live, sleep and breath sailing for that time), the only downside is that to keep yacht master qualified you need to do a certain number of nautical miles a year, so you're going to have to take regular sailing holidays...
Why would it even be a problem? If you could somehow destroy all his other horcruxes and then kill him, he will be attached to a spacecraft in the interstellar void for however long he can cling to life. We're happy he isn't here. He's happy, because we know that casting that planetarium spell is one of his few pleasures. Win all round, I feel.
Hence the "huge", it's a big chunk of cash for me too, which is why I have dayskipper (restricted to coastal waters during, unsurprisingly, daylight hours - not a problem for me as sailing isn't fast, so longer distance sails require more time off than I can easily take). Compare it to the cost of training most other skills though and it's quite reasonable, especially given sailing's reputation as something only millionaires can do. Hell, I own a yacht - well, technically, a third of a yacht - and it cost me around £2k initially with running costs, including keeping it on Windermere, of about £250 a year. I had a friend at uni who was not well off but spent more than than downhill mountain biking because that was his priority, and that was 20 years ago.
I meant that it's the kind of word people who use the other words would use - it'd sound slightly affected, in a kind of fake posh way. Spiffing, cripes, etc - if you read any of the Enid Blyton novels they're stuffed with slang that sounds like a pod person impersonating an Englishman.
Have a few different friend groups and say "yes" to anything that's offered. You're in a pub or at an actual party most days of the week. I do not recommend it unless you want to look like you're pregnant and have people coming up to you for the next 4 years telling you about stuff you don't remember doing.
Yep, around 4.5 stone / 65 lb / 29 kg. It was ridiculous, I started off bean pole thin and all the weight formed an enormous beer belly. You know what a frog looks like if you hold it up? Like that.
A valid point, but in this case if he was faking then sticking him into the void for eternity serves as a good warning not to completely fake your entire interaction with someone to the point they can't do anything nice for you. Assuming he found a way to ever interact with anyone again, anyway.
They shall always be slightly tired, just at the point of yawning, unless they are in an appropriate location to sleep. Then they're fully awake. They can, of course, still sleep - awkwardly on public transport, embarrassingly in the office, etc.
The last contract I had was urgent, must start now, super important, major project that we cannot do without your help. 3 months later, I put myself on part time because I couldn't take the boredom of sitting in an office with nothing to do. 6 months later the project was delayed indefinitely. We decided it was sensible for me to leave, and they could contact me when they had confirmed work was there.
(Punch eye) DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU TWICE?
If you're a toddler dressed up as a supervillain, that would be a bit funny
Made of purest [green! ](https://youtu.be/TkZFuKHXa7w)
So you have a list of your known criminals, and you deploy the cameras. The system says "wanted person detected at camera 654!" Do you scramble police to arrest them? When most of the time it's a false alarm? Now deploy this city wide - you have a firehose of alerts - wanted suspects everywhere! Except most of them, again, aren't the person you're looking to find. How much police time do you waste running to the camera before you just start ignoring the system you paid a fortune to install?
King's Cross sees 270,000 people pass through *a day*. Even if their figure is correct (which I very much doubt), if it took an officer 5 mins to clear up a false positive (and I bet the paperwork takes longer than that), that's 22.5 hours of police time at that one station pissed away, along with 270 annoyed commuters. Imagine that replicated across the tube network, high traffic streets, tourist attractions...
There are already robot camel jockeys, so it wouldn't be difficult.
Not that many people - only ones seen actually committing a crime (or being chased already). You can't go looking for wanted individuals for two reasons - one, having all CCTV staff memorising a large and ever changing list of faces would be a job in and of itself, and two, most CCTV footage is too low quality for IDing people by face (these new cameras obviously are not, at least for the AI). Given most people don't actually commit crimes under a camera (well, drunken fights I suppose) they aren't being directed to many people. TV shows play it up because it ties into the police seeing everything, solving all the crimes and catching all the bad guys thing they have going. It isn't reality.
I suspect it's a bigger issue than you're thinking, given even the manufacturer have said there are issues. All the false positives have to be vetted by a human, because they're positives until we know otherwise. This could actually be worse than the way I assumed the system worked, by generating a gestalt of the area and flagging once - think how many cameras King's Cross would need, you're probably in many thousands of false alerts a day. That's wasting police time, and if they're all going back to a small specialist centre rather than local controls I feel deeply sorry for the poor bastards playing high stakes spot the difference with tight target times to meet. Is this person a terrorist or yet another random person flagged? You're going to get fatigued if there are hundreds of innocents for every crim. What was the false negative rate? I didn't see that published. I would also argue that a negative doesn't give you a feeling of safety - there is going to be a fair contingent passing each camera that cannot be scanned, be that looking the wrong way, wearing something that makes the recognition not work, lighting iffy, or a small number actively avoiding detection. Even with multiple cameras you'll have a decent chance of making it through.
"Mini" does not mean car engine sized in this context...
I much prefer a "low, not tipping over in the bends" driving position.
I got a good deal on Christy towels and they've held up very well. They're enormous fluffy bath sheets. Mmm.
If I had a Pinto, I'd be less than keen to hit the brakes too :)
Bloody hell. That's a sign of the times if ever there was one.
We use alternating current in the UK? DC isn't appropriate for normal grid activity (though super high DC voltages are used for some specialised transmission lines).
I've installed Diablo II recently on my PC (plus LoD). It needs the disc in for copy protection only.
On Switch, I definitely want my physical media thanks. Complete a game? Lend it, swap it, sell it. Digital should allow licence transfers too, but of course it doesn't. The alternative is do a steam and have much cheaper digital games. Which the Switch doesn't (not sure about the other consoles). So yeah, tell me about how obsolete physical copies are when they're much better from a customer perspective than digital.
Have you altered the amount of fluids you drink? Lithium making you thirsty is common, but you do adapt to it so maybe with the dosage decreasing you're drinking less without really noticing? Other than that, the relationship between lithium in and blood lithium is bloody odd (eg I dropped my lithium dose by 25% and saw my lithium levels plummet by 75%).
Well, artificial cream-like substances not proven harmful outside California
I don't understand why - it isn't like they're able to use the small space left to the sides, so why not just wall / door off the toilet if you want to conceal it?
The current movement to include code from 8,000 different auto updating locations into a basic program. I get not reinventing the wheel. I get code reuse is great. I just find choosing to have your build process depend on so many things out of your control confusing.
Shitting carefully, then waiting for the bleeding to stop. Haemorrhoids aren't much fun.
Is the plumbing really that terrible? I'm pretty sure my school's plumbing would've taken backpacks given the chance.
50/50 I suppose - when I'm normal or mildly hypomanic, I'm pretty damn good at what i do, so I have my own company and can get short term contracts. I make decent money, can afford my own house and a good standard of living etc despite working about 6 months of the year.
I like the idea that the world is becoming more left wing at a time when Trump and Boris are in power... Can you give an example of "hate speech" laws being used inappropriately? In this case it's the actions of a private company (that the right wing would insist should be allowed to run its business however it chooses).
A wardrobe. I don't think there's enough lube in the world, and the splinters...
Then you mob them and restrain them. Source: UK. If they're armed, you call for a specialist firearms team, and even for them firing is an absolute last resort and results in an investigation every time there are injuries.
I'd laugh longer and harder if we didn't have Boris Johnson.
You build a filter over time. No one likes depressing reality ("How are you?" "Shit. I haven't been able to shower this week and my last 6 meals were cans of sweetcorn because they were the only things in the cupboard with ring pulls" "Errr... I've got to go do... stuff. Bye!"), so you self censor. If you don't speak enough, people get concerned, so you push yourself to speak more. If you censor everything that's negative, everything you say is positive and you seem if not bubbling with joy, then at least upbeat.
Get one of those text-to-speech synthesisers.
Madagascar
They closed the location I worked at and moved it to save a tiny amount of money. My commute would've gone from 5 mins walking to 1.5hrs minimum driving. I left and got a better job.
Losing them after a night out drinking. Drunk me had an obsession with keeping my glasses safe, so would put them somewhere to make sure I didn't stand on them or something. Next morning, can't see, spend an hour searching essentially by touch to find them on top of a bookcase or in my sock drawer. Sigh.
There are infinitely many flavours of weird. Just because I am one of those doesn't make the others any less fruitcakey.
Anakin, no!
Back in my temping days, I worked stuffing envelopes. We had a person fired because she went for a permanent position and they discovered she didn't have 5 GCSEs at C+. To stuff envelopes!
I bought a big secondhand one a couple of years ago for about £50. It's noisy and you need to hang a hose out of the window but my god is it a game changer in those occasional heatwaves.
Nah, decision matrices are easy to understand for humans. ML often boils down to "it outputs the answer but we don't know why exactly, it's based on the training set".
Some cables support full PD, some a bit, some none. Some sockets support displayport or hdmi, some don't. Some are really fast, others less so. USB-C is a bit of a clusterfuck really, the only standard is the connector itself.
*Very* enthusiastic walks
I had something for this. Dammit.
Shoot with a UV laser then bleach on the burns?
Whenever you design something, it has a design lifespan. If your mtbf (the estimated time until the thing fails) is longer than the lifespan, it's a zero maintenance thing. That applies to everthing, not just complex machinery - even the stones of Stonehenge and the pyramids are slowly eroding, for example.
Yes, minor frustrations (on the level of a vending machine not accepting a coin) can generate this cloud of irrational frustration that crashes me into deeper depression.
Lithium has been the one constant med for me. It controls my hypomania well, though it does nothing for my depression. You have to drink a lot of fluids, and have regular bloodwork, and I get tremors in my hands, but other than that no problems. Especially good is the lack of mental effects (no brain fog, memory issues etc).
Diagnosed around 32, but had been diagnosed with both treatment resistant depression and insomnia (...) before that.
A new doctor who had the bright idea to ask me what my normal looked like. The previous docs hadn't put it together. The NHS is fantastic in many ways, but good at mental health it is not.
