You realize that someone isnt actually the host. The host is a server but players are connected via p2p. its a mixture of the two types of servers and most people talking about them have no idea what they are talking about
Its not p2p as OP describes though as no player is the host. Every player is connected to each other and then the two servers which are also connected to every play/ server.
there is no host its not traditional p2p. A server at bungie is host while simultaneously each play is also connected to each other
yeah im sure i dont understand it at all. I do know it doesnt function like p2p as its usually described does and hate when its used in a post like this. Good info
The sniper shouldnt be your main weapon and should be using mostly the handcannon. The problem with trying to learn how to snipe and using it to try to win is you snipe every engagement which can be hard to stop doing
thats not true
I love playing both solo especially quickplay
I thought i was never going to play the game again if we are being honest
CoO almost killed destiny... they actually had a community summit and listened to ideas because the game was in such a terrible place
Where did i say the game was dead? The game was terrible and if they kept on the same path then destiny wouldve definitely died eventually. This last expansion was a disappointment financially and was huge and brought back A TON of players. Imagine if if was like CoO. ItS AlL tHe StREameRs FaUlt. The summit happened do to a vocal community members, the internet in general ( this sub) , player numbers and the fact almost every big streamer left the game. You really believe that even if the summit and all the led to it didnt happen we would have the such an improved experience as we do now?
The main thing with flicking is it should be for micro adjustments. If you sent out every time to flick then you need to start adjusting it so when you scope in you are scoped in on your target so yuo dont have to flick. Basically you want to be aiming in on your target every time and should be using flicks if that didnt happen.
Lots of playes have lunas at this point so seeing someone with lunas doesnt mean much especially in comp. Dont give up based on what weapons they have.
i honestly dont snipe or shotgun based one the map for the most part. If im sniping well i can snipe on almost every map and if i want to shotty handcannon i can do that on any map. The movement in this game is what makes certain things so usable
what platform you on
You are wrong though. Go look at crucible playbook and see how many people struggle with using lunas and just cant hit headshots with it. You being able to do it will doesnt mean its got a low skill floor or no skill gap. You are just better than ]most people with it
its not frowned upon and every good plaer uses itttttttt
Dont not use something because its called the meta
Grenade launchers are insanely good in PVE they are just outclassed by exotics for DPS. Being able to shoot an explosive almost instantly after switching to it killing multiple enemies while moving is super useful. I dont look at gear anymore really
because its not doable solo. Its hard to carry one player at high glory against a good team let alone solo with no coms
The spawns are terrible but i can count the amount of times ive been spawn killed on one hand
unlucky
There are plenty of reasons to carry as many bounties as you possibly can. First i prioritize my time playing the game and dont like having to go grab bounties at the tower i visit multiple times a day after deciding to do an activity. I also passively do most bounties aside from certain specific ones. You never forget to grab your bounties if you just grab them at the tower off the batt. Id argue you need to prioritize your time better and start grabbing them all at once so you dont make unessary trips.. wait no i dont argue that because thats insane. Also if you dont finish them you can do them later in the day or week but only if you grab them before hand. There is literally no downside to carrying more bounties that 50 aside from the fact the inventory is capped.
&gt; The issue I have is when these guns become the best viable option for some players in every pvp circumstance. This is great for pub stomping, but horrible for the future of pvp why is this bad for the future of pvp? Guns like luna nf ace (hand cannons in general) require precision and are used so widely do to the movement and gunplay in the game. They are good do to their ttk but also do to the ability to peak shoot / strafe and use your virtical space while still being accurate. Trying to force auto rifles into the meta could be argued is being the opposite of organic. Id like to see them viable but i cant see them really competing with handcannon with a similar TTK
zomb pretty much always ran ace when he was playing in the tourneys and lost in the finals 3 weeks in a row.
I mean they aren necessarily. There are thousands of people over varying skill at 5500. The best players in this game play or have played in tournaments and bass nothing off that glory number
yeah because its not a super
I havent used ikelos in months and think is the worst feeling shotty in the game. Unless you are doing something very specific and and are under leveled its not even close to required. To each their own but i like guns i find fun to use and are also useful
Not all curated weapons have magnificient howl. Some curated weapons do but not all curated weapons have that perk. It means they are a set of perks picked by bungie for a weapon and come fully mastworked.
I do it the "quickdraw glitch" all the time and usually on accident if we are being honest. I had seen all of those clips but wasnt aware anyone was using a macro for it
thanks bot
oh yeah for sure i was honestly curious if thats something people were doing.
I had a similar situation and stayed in the car. Got hit head on but was fine in the end. Girl from my school died on the same stretch a year later with almost identical circumstances because she got out of the car on the highway and got hit
1 primary 2 energy 3 heavy ( whatever you find comfortable in the end). After playing with those binds for a long time it becomes second nature but can be annoying if you are swapping your shotgun from 1-2 for a game. I used to use scroll wheel but playing fortite forced me to switch it up and i cant imagine not having an individual button for each weapon.
I stomp and i get stomped its he nature of quickplay. Also funny you claim the world revolves around him when you are discounting the experience of others just because thats what you would rather have. The game balances lobbies for the most part meaning even inexperienced players will win some and get stomped..
I dont really care about the leaks or whether or not this sub allows discussions about things that are currently under an NDA but your argument is pretty non existent. Anything can be removed from this subreddit the fact its under NDA is completely irrelevant when talking about a public forum. They can remove anything they dont want talked about
its been shown to be one of the absolute worst perks in the game
headseaker is a terrible perk btw.
fallout did a test and its been stated a bunch on this sub. It only effects damage for bullets part of the same burst. So lets say you shoot one burst and 1 bullet hits the body and two are crits you get two increased damage per bullet for that burst. Its incredibly bad edit: believe it was fallout if i have my info right
I disagree and auto dismantle anything with head seaker at least on PC. I definitely didn’t misinterprete anything and definitely don’t suggest anyone strive for that perk on any weapon for pvp. Luke warm at this point in the game isn’t any different than bad
How is that not ruining someones day? Its the same as any other activity and takes away from people trying to actually play rumble
to bad leaving and disbanding activities is glitched and doesnt work or takes forever meaning alot of the time you load into a new activity even if you didnt want to
how many time did you receive the mylan shader or whatever the second shader is on the handcannon? I got one with it but not sure what causes it to drop
interesting. I only did about 10 forges and got it on my last run. Unfortunately its my best roll and cant dismantle at this point
i mean the fact you start instantly matchmaking again. I have to switch characters to get out of the matchmaking screen in a timely manner for almost any activity on PC
One of my friends is deaf hit 5500 in the first week for comp and finished the raid in the first couple of days.
CoO almost killed destiny... for good. So comparing anything to that is not a good thing
same here and all i wanted to do was farm the sniper... complete bullshit if you ask me
its the entire point of the forge though. I feel like a bug that prevents you doing the entire point of the main activity unacceptable. Not being able to farm the sniper last week was super disappointing
you are still fucking people playing the game im not sure how its really any different
or being disingenuous and claiming thats what people are actually saying makes you the biggest problem within this community.
with rampage active you can get in what 3 or 4 bursts off? Thats way more damage and allows you to knowingly take advantage of the perk. Sure headseaker always works but only if you miss your crits to begin with. Not sure if you are on console or pc so that might make a difference but i dont follow that logic. Headseaker doesnt increase the ttk just makes the archetype slightly more forgiving if you arent hitting crits which i concede might be more useful on console. Either way its not a perk i would aim to get on any pulse for PVP. There arent alot of other options in that slot for this weapon though so maybe use it do to lack of a better option but i dont subscribe to the notion that this perk is good .
Ok suppressor nades are not overrated and are literally one of the best subclass options in the entire game. I honestly as soon as i saw you say this i didnt read further.. sorry even if the rest of your post is amazing info i can get past that
Time is a flat circle
yeah on PC if i miss its usually high or to the side i was actually looking at this after my comment on headseaker the other day and noticed i dont hit a ton of body shots. On console i remember having to aim mid mass and let the recoil work its way up.
Its sad that you cant see why you are getting hate
why do you play bottom sentinel. That is easily the worst tree and most people run top or mid
BD and ace are the same archetype and mori is pretty much kill clip where you dont have a timer, insane range and intrinsic 3rd eye. BD isnt even close to comparable
There has never been more ways to reach max level and players can get raid ready by just doing triumphs. Forsaken was and is the compromise between casual and hardcore players. Also CoO was aimed at a casual player that doesnt actually exist. Players dont want a shallow game with skin deep content. CoO was horrible because bungie changed things that players found fun for no reason other than they internally thought it was a good idea and would attract "casuals". Casual players are like hardcore players with less time and mostly just want the most fun dynamic game possible. There was no input from community members or any wide spread testing. If they had asked a handful of actual d2 players about half the changes they made they wouldve told them they were insane. Lower the skill gap and ceiling at every turn while removing and trimming the most dynamic aspects of the game were objectively bad ideas and the fact they made it to the final game is still beyond me
He didn't say use what you are comfortable with though which is in itself great advice... he said its overated do to the supers people are using and that suppressing abilities is not so valuable. I agree that using what you are comfortable with is the most important thing but they are probably the best grenade in the game and worth getting comfortable with
because you have to hit less shots
they are actually the best archetype of handcannon... before the luna and NF were added. They have a faster fire rate that 140s and do similar damage
or mindbenders or retold tale. They also are the most popular energy shotties
i got in an argument with someone on this sub last year and actually go downvoted for claiming meta wasnt an acronym. I still remember that shit and i comment on this sub alot
shotgunning a bad player is very easy but a good player with a shotgun is most certainly not brain dead and if it was there wouldnt be a skill gap
realize it takes time and practice to get better at the crucible. Just playing more even a game or two a day will help a ton
Ive got a mind to give up living by peter green... check out the stockhold version its like i can hear and feel his soul. Arguably the best tone ive ever heard also ill try and find it
i honestly wouldnt spec resliance based on shotgun damage at max range. A 9m snipe is barely possible at this point if at all since the full choke nerf. It wouldve been a 2 tap kill anyway whether it be a handcannon or a follow up shotty. If i lose a shotty battle its do to my positioning, aim or maybe maybe some bullshit but usually my positioning or i missed. Not saying dont spec RES or that its not useful just dont think that point matters much. Interesting info though
Honestly have no idea what thing require low resil?
i tend to agree and usually can place my death at something i did. I run 5 now instead of 3 from last season and zero the season before and dont notice it at all. At the end of the day its preference but i dont think high resilience has ever saved someone im in a gunfight with aside from some rare circumstances and honestly dont every notice it in opponents either.
ace is one of the best guns in the game and has almost never ending kill clip after getting a kill. Range and i like the fire animation of those more than the 180s
No because you can always get better and i and enjoy winning and not handicapping myself. Do you have a handcannon or something with a ton of PVE kills? Why and does it get boring. I also personally like shotgunning and have always liked it in games like this. Its one of the the best way to take advantage of the movement and allows you to be hyper agressive or bait people. Ive played an absurd amount of crucible and just trying different loadouts at this point has zero apeal to me. Ive done it and tried out a ton of guns but at the end of the day If i am playing its to get better with what ill use against good players. Use what you want of course but fun fact alt of the time i play PVE as if im playing PVP so that its ingrained on me to slide etc at the right time and its still not boring yet
The way it is currently is the most fair way and it also promotes a more aggresive and dynamic crucible. Special shouldnt an objective and allowing players to spawn with it prevents snowballs. It also gives you more play style options since every can almost always have special meaning you can approach engagements in many ways. Primary weapons are very good right now too.
Shotguns are predominant do to the movement and gunplay in this game. If shotguns had a 4 meter range people would still use them.
You cant peak shot with an SMG and you can definitely ape people with that short a range. As long as you have shotty ammo on spawn they will be meta if if they were to nerf the range
i like using shotguns but i still get most of my kills from my primary as they are also super strong right now. Currently shotgunning is fair as you could actually ask for (take out skating) in this kind of game. You always spawn with it and if you keep winning fights you get more ammo. It allows you to again always have multiple ways to approach engagements/ bait people/ take advantage of the movement. Special weapons are an inherent part of this game and making them an ammo box again would only hurt the overall balance imo. Sure lots of players are mindless apes but they doesn't work when they run into some good players. There are also about or 8 viable shotguns and almost all of them are usable in the crucible if not good. I appreciate your nice response. I just come into threads like this with a chip do to how shotgunning is seen on this sub.
nice ive always wanted some tabs to his playing sorry you didnt get more traction
Are you doing some kind of elaborate troll or do you think talking during movies is actually not frowned upon and has been made up by reddit? It tells you at the beginning of the movie to be quite and curteous which means not talking and conversing during the entire movie. Also how do you watch a new movie home alone while its still in theaters. The is NO stigma with going to the movies alone as is no one really cares what anyone else is doing unless they are being disruptive
whats not a skill thing? If they are easy to use and its not about skill there wouldnt be so many struggling players with luna. An average player with luna cant "spam it for wins" and players that can do that wth any weapon. edited
i have an 87 es335 that was made by the custom shop in nashville (all es were custom shop back then) and has literally the best distorted and high gain pick ups ive ever played. I paid 2000 for it and havent bought another guitar since. Ive played alot of new gibsons i liked but they are horribly over priced
Its not the same outcome though. You hatch way more eggs in the long run with super incubators which allows you to pick up another set of eggs and continue hatching pokemon.
i personally buy super incubators to hatch more eggs faster ie to save time. You can get the same number of hatches with a single regular incubator without spending any money it just takes way longer
where did i say i bought singles? I stock up when they are for sale. I understand your argument but people using super incubators are using them to save time not a couple of coins which in the end will drastically increase the amount of time it takes to hatch the same amount of eggs. Thats my point really. People keep neglecting that when making the argument for regular incubators
fair enough
if you could hatch them faster why wouldnt you though? Eggs are a numbers game if you are looking for something specific
I feel like thats what most players who buy incubators do
Thats even more of a reason to hatch them faster to get the eggs you dont want out of the way so you can hatch eggs that you value. In my opinion but everyone plays differently
Im not sure that can be considering "some people over valuing them" its just that they value something different than you. You go on to say its just not your game but there are plenty of positives to being able to hatch more eggs more frequently. That being said every plays differently but if someone only walks a certain amount a week then getting the most out of those KM would make sense for alot of people
shinies have always been a huge part of why i played any pokemon game.
pretty sure someone in my disc hatched a level one baby last night
i just found this thread and jesus that dude is insane. GG though
i have done the leader battle every day for 6 weeks and havent gotten a stone yet. Its killing me. Ive done about 10 trainer battles too and havent gotten one
He is the highest dps psychic, highest bulk psychic and has the second highest attack stat in the game. Hes also super versatile do to all the moves he can learn and shadow ball alone even without stab is one of the best charge moves for raiding in the game . Hes a beast
where did you get that idea? Pretty sure its 100 percent catch rate
came back to the game 6 weeks ago. I havent gotten one in 6 weeks of daily leader battles and hit ultra with a friend a couple of days ago so 10ish trainer battles
damn ho ho is the worst imo and i will probably get a 3rd in a row after multiple lugia and one latias
i recently came back and am in the process of bartering my legacy pokemon with people in my discord. My double legacy magneton is getting alot of offers but ive already secured a shadowball mewtoo for something else. Glad i held onto some of this stuff
its shiny rate was still pretty low even boosted. I caught 31 bronzors during the event with zero shiny. Most were from raids or research but the rate was 1/ a hundred and something so its still super rare
Nice i got a shiny seel today and hes the man
wat
you cant just ignore the most important game of the season where he was godawful. Do you realize how dumb that sounds?
he was the only one who really looked dangerous or that they might make something happen early. Had two crazy good cross into the box in the first half that easily couldve been goals
you are actually a moron. I hope you are just doing some deep trolling and dont actually believe any of this shit. The fact Russia interfered in our election isnt in contention
na if you are going to cheat then own it
it clearly is for you. Your friend having your phone is completely different than spoofing... and yes both are against TOS. With the first one u cant suddenly decide you want to raid in africa or literally anywhere like you can with spoofing. Your account is still functioning within the boundaries of the game and the fact your device has to physically be in range. Spoofing i can literally go anywhere with my account. You are probably going to respond with something ridiculous
this is sub about streamers and streamers what the fuck are you even talking about here.
we are getting groudon kyogre back
&gt;ly &gt; &gt;Give Award &gt; &gt;share &gt; &gt;report &gt; &gt;i never said one was ok but i was replying to a comment that was claiming they are the same when they arent. I think all are cheating
just want to add that the greatball curve 3 times in a row made me way better at throwing curves in general and havent actually not caught a raid boss since i spent a day on that task
yup. I actually lost a lapras during the raid event even though i hit all great curves and one excellent ( missed first ball entirely). Caught my first azelf on the second ball so its still rng dependent but you can increase your odds greatly
chris pratt has done it a couple times where he goes from fat to move shooting physique is 5 or 6 months 4 or 5 times a week for multiple hours a day. Im not even sure what you are really arguing here. First the words you have in quotations make no sense and im pretty sure you are the one who brought up body builders in the first place so no one made that "proposition". with the "every day" comment. In context 4-5 days a week is a full time workout schedule especially when you include calorie intake etc so you are being pedantic arguing against the every day comment.
you dont need it in your inventory to spawn on the nearby do you?
dont know if they still do or not but i caught mine in the wild not durring and event
i just got my first one and it was a 98... pretty happy about that
Yes i meant 10k. Ive done 6 this week and did 70 plus eggs two weeks ago and probably 1/3rd were 10k
he said "trade one" as in saying he had one but maybe he just mis typed but thanks for the info!
just to be fair you can do well and hold your own at any raid without mewtoos. I solo every tier 3 boss and acn duo most tier 4 and dont have a mewtoo
Tyranitar is a good counter for cresselia. The others not so much
i mean i also do tons of tier 5s i thought it was implied in my comment but it sucks you have people like that around our area.
haha nice grab i caught mine two summers ago when there were trackers everywhere and drove like 25 minutes and got to it just in time
In the OG games its tied to your trainer id number and if the pokemon id matches that then it shiny so it could be something along those lines. That would fit with how the mechancis work
my discord has had a bunch of lileep geodude and anorith but not community day levels by any means. Ive personally had my best shiny luck ever in the last 2 days. Alolan Marowak yesterday and elekid onyx and anorith today :0
&gt;21 points &gt; &gt; · &gt; &gt;36 minutes ago it happens to the best of us.
what does getting a gym gold do for you? just accomplishment or does it have any in game effects?
i didnt think of using it for star pieces that makes alot of sense
nice i just came back 6 weeks ago but am getting close to gold in a couple gyms. Thanks
i have zero and have gotten and ex raid pass every time they have been sent out since i came back. Maybe im just getting lucky
thanks for the idea. Thats a smart move
Specifically when was pot prohibition? When you use the word "prohibition" as referring to a time period is reasonable to assume you meant alcholol
Then its not a priority for you which is fine. If you really valued worlds first like people competing for it then you would take a day off. You work for your dad but cant take an afternoon off to do something that you value?
they release one tuesday because they are in the office and it clearly works for them for whatever reason. Bungie has never catered to streamers and completely ignored them until the first summit
you are arguing that pc wouldnt be up to par is streamers didnt have the influence they do?
the level cap wasnt to somehow even the odds for console. It was to even the odds for those going for worlds first but dont have 12 hours a day to overlevel
you realize the same teams clearing worlds first for d1 on console of the players doing it now on pc right?
the first raid lair was finished first by a pick up team of non raiders. Stop looking for a scapegoat for everything
i mean almost all the pvp sweats went to pc. Sure there are some good console players but not nearly as many as there are on pc
lol "except the players grinding for it" &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; You have a pretty big opinion of yourself
male avatar and in the last 2 days ive gotten shiny elekid, alollan marrowak, onix, cresselia and anorith.
there are dozens and dozens of non popular sweats on PC too... way more than on console. This isnt even in contention its a fact. Its a community all the good players on both platforms know each other and played with each other at some point and there is a handful on console compared to the amount of top tier players on pc
lol what? "prohibition" when used in that context refers to the time period when aclohol was illegal. I didnt say there was never marijuana prohibition....
i PLAYED on console and many of my friends are top players on pc ( i dont even like saying that in an argument but its relevant) and many of my friends WERE top players on both xbox and playstation at various points in d2s life span. What you are talking about is just not based in reality
I didnt say "just take a day off. I said if you valued it that much then you would find time to make it happen regardless. You are telling me that someone with cancer cant make it to chemo if you take a fucking day off. Jesus christ do you actually hear yourself?
I sell batteries some that go in very important equipment for firefighters, back up systems for cell phone towers and hospitals. I would never say something so disgusting as " i cant take a day off or hospitals are going to lose power and someones house might burn down. You skirted the issue. If you valued playing video games as much as some people you would make time for it.
What a me problem? If i value things i make time for them and that was hyperbole to show how insane your comment actually was
I mean when i said all the "most harcore gamers went to pc" it was in response to someone arguing they didnt. It wasnt an argument against bungie changing the time. The fact is someone is always going to be inconvenienced and the fact you think that your automatically should be the one that has the raid release fit your schedule is literally entitlement.
i came back after not playing for over a year and didnt get a shiny for almost 4 weeks playing daily and have since ( 4 weeks) have gotten probably a dozen full odd shinies
It also caters to bungie who clearly want it on that day for whatever reason. As someoen who " keeps the world moving" and does so much important work like you said telling someone to get the cum out of their ears seems about right
i mean there is recoil its just easy to control with a mouse and less than what console has
Alot of peoples friends are on pc as well that goes both ways. I made the switch to PC for that reason with d2. The population problems on pc are a meme really and not based on what its really like. There have been luls in the population like when they changed the comp matchmaking a few months ago but overal you can make into any activity you want with zero issues
how would i know that..... the only raid you mention is kings fall which is before the first raid lair
i respect it honestly
some people just have it like that. Ive gotten a marowak, elekid, anorith, onyx and cresslia in 3 days :-
i was watching the finale at 3 am with the lights off and the end was so haunting with that music and showing the actually scenes. So good
she literally got arrested for dissenting
yeah because lagosov was from that point forward responsible for her and her actions.
Id argue lagasov did more dissenting than she did and he didnt see consequences until the very end of the show and even dissented to gorbachovs face resulting in zero consequences. What is the difference in reality between him dissenting and her? Genuine question
can you link anything that remotely shows they considered it first and foremost a console game?
yeah its honestly hillarious especially because a few people i play with keep saying that want these shinies then i get one a few hours later. I also grind my ass off and did the same durring the last event with nada but i wouldve just been happy with the marowak...
but you are arguing they somehow stated or pretty much stated that it was first and foremost a console game when the pc version was planned from the start. PC was never a second thought or even second fiddle and alot of he best parts about this gamefor both platforms came from the company (vicarius visions) who made the pc port. I do thing they want to leave it behind but you are making it sound like they said it was a console game and are now betraying that or something when its not the case. Console just isnt going to be able to keep up unless they improve their hardware etc
personally they are what drives me to grind but i also grinded the shit out of shinies is X Y and omega saphire
they dont give a shit about streamers or didnt when decisions like that were made. You dont remember when every top player left the game and they didnt give a singe shit? They legitimately didnt take any constructive feedback from anyone until the first summit and till that point had ignored streamers thoughts even when they had them at bungie ( first hand accounts). Streamers on PC also dont complain about console or care its people on console that are getting the shit end of the stick making noise about this issue.
I worded my comment poorly i meant to ask when was the time period in which marijuana was illegal that we refer to generally as "prohibition". So you are right your comment was answering the question i just didnt realize i worded it so poorly. That being said way to completely ignore the clear context and the fact i meant calling something " prohibition" when not referring to the alcohol prohibition of the 20s is going to create confusion. Obviously there are other prohibited things and i state that i know that in my second comment. The alcohol prohibition is the only time period refered to as "prohibition" which was clearly my point. &gt;For the record, alcohol isn't the only drug to experience prohibition, and the word "prohibition" is not in any way specific to alcohol. I hope this helps you in the future - but I suspect you will spend your life thinking there was only one prohibited drug...lol obviously and the fact you think thats what me and the other comments are saying is ridiculous. I even clarify that i didnt state that marijuana was never prohibited just that referring to a time period as prohibition without more context doesnt mean pot
ive been doing the daily leader baddles daily for 2 months and finally have some friends i can pvp with remotely and have done the 3 matches daily for a week. 1 shinno stone total i have gotten
ive done 15 friend battles and havent gotten a single one from it. I got the one i got from my almost 50th leader battle. Personally its a bullshit gate for new or returning players because friendship takes so goddamn long and so many pokemon need it EDIT: It just sucks because i have no way to actually grind them. Ive gotten 5 shinies in the last 4 days because ive been grinding but cant evolve 10 pokemon because they are time gated by rng
I used to have tons of friends over at my house at times and my mom would offer each and every one something to drink and even food if we had it or was reasonable. M
completely disagree. I work retail and a ton of people that would normally be nice, reasonable and generally good people can be assholes to people who do services for them especially those who are working retail. I run a retail store and im pretty damn polite and helpful yet the amount of people that default to being assholes or looking for a problem of issue is way more than it should be or that i wouldve ever thought was possible.
They needed people who knew the plant and its layout hence who all those people were. They also are in charge of the entire clean up which has implications for all of Europe in the world. Acutely risking their lives ( which they did in a different way) wouldve been absurd when these 3 men arent the only peice of the puzzle. Also watching a scene with no context cant really tell you how good it is. This is one of the best shows of all time in my opinion but its not flashy
In the OG games its decided by your trainer id matches the pokemon id then it is shiny. So realistically something like that would work in a way that apple watch users would see it on the map as shiny and maybe it was always there shiny for you based on the pokemons id or something similar. Just a thought
i caught a 1490 cp one in the wild last night.. evovled into a 2699.
time is the only resource that matters to some people so no its only bad resource management if you dont value that over all else
Because you hatch that many more eggs during the same time period.... You can get more super incubators if you want after the event if you wanted to
what? You are missing the entire point. If someone wants to hatch as many eggs as fast as possible its super incubators. So if someone values time( ie getting more done in a certain time frame) and has money to spend on super incubaters then that isnt bad resource managment. Its not a moot point at all. I dont care how someone else plays the game but you cant argue its isnt more efficient edit: The fast catch glitch is used why? Because it saves time as do super incubators if you value hatching eggs
its not though. What you basing efficiency on? If you use a super incubator on a 2km egg it drops the hatch time to 1.3km. Thats a significant difference IN TIME and literally how efficient you are being with said time. I dont care if they arent available in the future its irrelevant
dude you didnt said that in your opinion youd rather save them so that you can make them last longer in the long run at a slightly slower hatch rate now.. which is completely fine i wouldnt judge you for that. You said using them on certain things is bad resource management which is completely not true . Im not talking about one week either the same goes for when there is no event going on. Using them saves time and allows you to hatch more eggs than ever. If someone uses incubators that often they arent just going to stop after adventure week ends. I honestly dont understand that part of your argument
oh please show me the math that shows its more efficient to not use super incubators. That's absolute nonsense.
i got it mixed up with the ex raid and thought it was tom as well
If the usa knew about a defect that caused planes to crash and kept it from those that needed to know then no it wouldnt be operator error it would be neglegence. The whole reason akimof thought what he was doing was fine because he always had the cutoff switch which until that point no one knew could cause explosions.....aside for certain soviet officials. its mostly on the government even if the operators were partially to blame
my school had hall monitors at every entrance/ exit and walking the halls
i got 2 in the last 3 minutes
did my first ever not guaranteed lucky trade ( normal trade) and got a lucky heracross : o
i love mareep man and hes always been a cool pokemon. Slakoth on the other hand...
Im getting so frustrated i have been grinding my ass off and do the 3 battles daily and the leader battle. One stone in 2 months since i came back to the game and it was 50 leader battles to get my first. Such a bullshit time gate
its not even that they are difficult its that there no way to grind them. You have to pray you get lucky 4 times a day or you a shit out of luck.
and thats the point. The game mechanics shouldnt work differently because you spend more money. The advantages your money buys you is already huge . This is exaclty how microtransactions should be used. You are talking about adding one of the worst ideas i can think of.
ohh so you are hatching just for the stardust? i get that then. I value stardust and the mons they were hatching at times so i was loving the 2ks. Still wouldve rather had 10ks or 7ks both of which i hatched a ton of this CD
this game has micro transactions down to science if you ask me. They give those that grind alot the ability to maximize that time but does nothing for them if they dont play
&gt;took me 50 leader battles to get my first stone and have been doing the 3 pvp battles daily for almost 3 weeks and got my second one ever tonight. Its still rng and can be super punishing for returning players
ive gotten two ever and came back a few weeks before the torchic community day
i can pvp with one person remotely and have been back to the game for two months. Seems kind of absurd
Thats fine but again OP make a thread looking for help so stop acting like people commenting on this thread are doing something wrong
I get irrationally mad at people who are in the left lane and refuse to let anyone by them because they are going 42 in a 42. Id argue this type of driving causes accidents as well.
Fair enough
this is honestly one of the least sketchy things i can imagine happening in my neighborhood. Someone doing something seriously wrong wouldn't be stopping daily at the same time, same spot and using a bike as their transportation if they were "scoping the place out"
someone on a bike clearly doing some kind of routine ( clearly not he first time hes seen him) in a neighborhood like OP describes is a pretty normal thing. Someone on a bike at 4 30 am, clearly lit neighborhood street, looking down at his phone and keeps coming around the same time would draw my curiosity but i wouldnt default to them doing something bad. If i saw it a few times it would make me way less suspicious as people doing nefarious things dont keep a routine like OP is describing. I certainly dont think he shouldve "expected something to happen" as you say especially if he spends time in this neighborhood regularly. Maybe someone asking what hes doing but i dont categorize that as something in this context.
i mean its all about context. Middle of the day you leisurely driving in the left lane because you turn is coming up in a mile. Sure thats reasonable. Leisurely driving in the fast lane in rush hour leaving people that would like to pass when your turn isnt for a mile is pretty selfish and actually more dangerous for all involved including yourself.
Making it so you have no idea how much time is left would only encourage speeding running through traffic etc. If you know theres 90 seconds left because it just disappeared you know if you can get there or not.
yeah the " pokemon disapeared" comes up all the time whether the pokemon is gone or not. Ive had it happen and then had the pokemon show up on my nearby again 5 minutes later and i still have time to go catch it.
i personally did more win 1 raids than anything else that week.. by far
thats one specific situation where not knowing makes people rush until they either get to it or it disappears
yeah makes sense
boosted pokemon most certainly have a boosted shiny rate right now so its more like 1/60 or 1/100
Or when someone falls back on the " im entitled to my opinion" defense. Yeah opinions can be objectively wrong
you are completely missing the entire point and yes an opinion can literally be wrong if what you have a stance on goes against what is a fact.
someone replied that to me on this thread actually
its not really on a reset timer or anything seeing one shiny doesnt decrease your chances of seeing another one
\&gt;Yeah, no, South Park is trash and is rarely a good example of anything. The point of that alternative sciences episode is that humans will always find a pretext to fight and did it in a totally idiotic manner. &amp;#x200B; that is what the episode being referenced was about to a T but yeah you are right /s
Things is history books are too a degree provable or based on first hand accounts. That is not even close to the same thing as believing what the bible says actually happened
I mean the apps dont really guess and they are only estimates in that they give you a few options one of which is most certainly is the right IV and spread unless you encounter a wierd situation like this
garchomp is historically one of the best pokemon in the original games and overall people like it. Its also super powerful even if its not literally the best in the current meta. Also it being insanely rare at the moment makes people want it. Live in a capital city of a pretty big state and according to those that use maps still 16 have spawned in out city and been picked up by said map since release
I mean i put my list of 2016 mons in my local discord and pretty much all my legacy guaranteed lucky trades went in about an hour. I had 5 messages in the first 20 minutes. A couple of my legacies i was offered pretty much anything i could want for them
multiple people in my discord caught 7 or 8 shinies last night most catching a couple atleast you dont see this outside of a boosted event
what?
lol what? Nothing about your comment comes across as sarcasm.
in this context it can be. Did you not read my OP? If someone says "its my opinion the sky is green" then that opinion is wrong
lol what are you even talking about. An opinion is a belief, view or judgment someone has formed about a particular matter or subject. So if someone has formed the opinion that the grass is blue then that is still their opinion and its still wrong.
Then you pretty much agree with my OP but are just being pedantic
so how do you know anything ever has happened that you didnt see personally ? The bible is not history it is a collection of stories...
also someone can have an opinion about something that goes against a proven fact if they have not been shown that evidence before. That alone proves that an opinion can contradict a proven fact it all depends on what the person holding the opinion knows or believes
jesus
happened to me as well. Smoked every day from 16-23 then one day something just changed and i didnt enjoy it at all. Shame because i really loved how smoking just made anything i was doing more fun
where did i say your comment is edgy? I thought it was stupid and off bass so i your entire wall of dribble is talking about something i didnt even say. I put it on the end because we are on the internet and even though im pretty confident in my ability to convey sarcasm in text id rather not have to explain myself to idiots. Your comment is mindless dribble from someone who is trying to sound smart. People that are actually smart dont talk like that. Just to add your comment is not sarcastic in anyway and you were just hiding behind "sarcasm" after people started calling it out for what it was.
yup almost everyone playing in my very large discrod was dropping 3 4 5 6 7 even 8 shinies in a matter of hours. The talk of a nerfed rate brought out way smaller numbers even amongst those that play a TON. The people at go fest are still coming back with the huge numbers which makes me think the world wide rate has dropped
there were multiple people in my discord with similar numbers to yours. Live in a capital city of a decent sized state but numbers like that are not normal. Since the first day of the event no one in out discord aside from those at go fest are putting up numbers like that.
i mean i played sports at a high level an did well in school so i dont really care
damn you are enlightened please help me
I mean if you stopped responding then I wouldn’t respond again but I don’t listen to people who say “ shoo” online in a non ironic way.
any good videos or anything on learning how to dodge effectively? I came back to the game a couple months ago and dodging was just something people didnt do and trying to figure out the timing doesnt really make sense to me.
thanks!
lol i notice if i hit a slight bump or a plastic bag let alone a fucking biker. You have some stupid views on things
or alot of people play video games
yeah thats clearly something not intended. If everything is working as it should you cannot lose a shiny legendary raid boss if your ball connects
exactly
I mean i quit for a while and have been playing non stop for 3 months. I have added a bunch of friends through discord and Ive gone from 34- 36 and still only have a few real options for ultra friends coming up and 1 or 2 for best in the next few months. Its not as easy to hit 40 for some random returning players as people claim as most arent going to have 200 friends ready to send and receive gifts daily. Sure its possible to get to 40 that quick but it isnt feasible or plausible for most players returning to the game
how does that prove your point? The PoI mean almost nothing in pokemon go and if you just randomly placed gyms and pokestops around towns and cities and accessible areas the game would play no different.
I came back 3 months ago and didnt get a shiny for a month and half ( played the same amount as i do now) In the last month and half since then ive had some pretty solid shiny luck but id love to see what you base that on
But thats the entire point of the game. Why should poke players care if theres "more going on than whats on their screen". What legitimate reason do they have to care about PoIs other than how they function in game? Its doesnt matter that its important for something else that is completely irrelevant to what most people are using them for. I understand what you mean to a point and that they are relevant to another game or databass whatever it is but the fact remains most poke go players dont care for good reason. Im not saying put a pokestop every two feet or something like that.... Of course there should be limits. The fact PoI's matter in another game that directly effect pokemon go and that they somehow matter more even for people that dont play those other games is also a lame mentality
and thats fine im not arguing against that. Id also say its disingenuous to claim that theres no point in even talking about it with people that dont understand the features beyond whats on their screen when there is no other point to them for this specific game.
meant to reply to the other guy i think
I mean thats just RNG. I have a friend who came back around when i did and he hasnt gotten a non CD shiny in a similar amount of playtime since torchic community day. You anecdotal evidence is just that... anecdotal and a sample size of 3 edit: are you also saying that your buddy started a new account and his first 4 pokemon he encountered were shiny? also in my local discord the people who post the most shinies are for the most part are those that play daily and have been doing so since the beginning
i got 8 from a raichu a couple weeks ago and was shocked
as of a couple weeks ago 16 had spawned in my medium sized capital city according to those that use maps that map spawns. We had a wild gabite the other night as well which i cant even fathom how rare that is
i didnt happen upon them often but i did use a map when gen 2 released and they were on the map pretty regularly
i played with a map when larvitar came out and i could watch the map and see larvitar spawn relatively frequently somewhere in the city and at times the other two evos would spawn. Our city at this point has had 20ish gible spawns since its release according to those using maps and along with one gabite. That seems exceedingly rare and much more rare than larvitar was in our area.
to be fair thats not always true. I recently came back to the game right before torchic community day. I have been doing my daily leader battle daily for 2 1/2 months and the daily 3 pvp battles just about daily for 3 weeks (only missed a couple days) and ive gotten 3 ever. I got one last night from my leader battle, one from my 50th leader battle and one from pvp. I know im an outlier but these stones have been starting to piss me of as i grind my boot off but cant evolve so many pokemon do to a time gate i cant do anything about. I have more full odds shinies than i have gotten shinnoh stones
something random doesnt inherently make it a lootbox or bad. The ability to buy incubators muddies the situation but eggs in themselves arent lootboxes in my opinion.
ive complained about hatches but its not something that makes me legitimately mad. I love hatching eggs and yeah its disapointing seeing another slakoth or shinx from a 10k
thats pretty much what this game is in general
i see your point but you dont have to buy anything to hatch eggs. Sure incubators muddy the discussion but everyone has a free one. I dont see eggs in themselves on the same level as lootboxes
only if you sent 10 7/8 2016 mons to make said trades guaranteed lucky. Random lucky trades before you used up all your guarantees do not count towards the overal guaranteed total.
i caught two full odds shinies with one non shiny in between them. It was also my first shiny ever as i came back to the game during the aipom event recently. Caught an aipom followed by a grubbul on 3 total checks.
just fyi ive seen this stated alot recently and the silph road concluded last month that trades that happen to turn lucky do not eat into your total guaranteed lucky pool. You are guaranteed 10 lucky trades if you have the july aug 2016 pokemon to trade.
yeah that helped my situation out alot coming back to the game a few months ago
jesus
the meta is the meta based on how good or rare they are. Thats how RPGs work but no one says you cant praise the pokemon you catch. What you think is all that matters unless you are doing something where the meta is relevant
i did the same thing and have had the best shiny luck imaginable in the last month and half
https://thesilphroad.com/science/breakthrough-guaranteed-lucky-trades-actually-work/
lol where does it say spoofing is worse than multi accounting in the TOS? You just lambasted your own argument
yeah i think they mention that somewhere in ther article but it gets confusing at times. Good info to have though especially for someone like me going through my guaranteed trades at the moment
i had to read through if a few times to make sure i understood it.
haha i understood what you meant. They reference that in the article i think or that there are some situations where it doesnt follow the rule like what happened to you
I personally wouldnt be playing this game half as much if there were no shinies. Ive always grinded them in pokemon games. People can be exited for whatever they want and still expect niantic to make good decisions for the game going forward
i got two shiny togepi yesterday... Im not even gonna say it but you all know how this game works
i dont think you can expect to hatch a gible considering how rare it.
hells yes. Im on the most absurd string on shiny luck imaginable and my friend i play with hasnt gotten a NON cd shiny since torchic weekend. RNG
because its rare and thats how some people play games that are inherently grindy. Im not on the sub complaining about the gible rates but i love that its super rare right now and am glad theres something for me out there i dont have yet but can possibly get
ive hatched 4 chingling didnt realize they were so rare
i do vote with my wallet. I prefer micro transactions in games to aid people who play alot and not be direct purchases for things that allow you not play the game and get the same things.
i seem to get them about 30 percent of the time. I currently have 6 but that does suck i hope your luck turns around
ive had the most disgustingly good shiny luck in the last month. I got a lotad and 2 togapi yesterday, shiny kyogre sunkern the day before, and this has been happening pretty regularly like that for weeks. On the other hand my friend who plays almost as much as me hasnt seen a single non CD shiny since before the torchic CD
every time a gible gets called out in our discord im no where near it. Had a low lvl gabite spawn in our city the other night which is cool but again no where near me edit: did catch a while evovled form of chingling
definitely not free
\&gt; We are free to express our opinions. Deal with it. &amp;#x200B; people are also free to think said opinions are stupid
fernando torres has a tattoo of his name in elvish across his fore arm. Foot guy
as unfun as it can be cluster spawns in parking lots are the best way to play the game if you dont take into count the walking and social aspect lol
Came back probably 3 1/2 monhs ago. Took me 3 weeks to get my first shiny and they were raining down even though i was grinding alot. the last 2 weeks ive had the most absurd shiny rate imaginable. So You think they randomly turn it on and off for specific accounts? How exactly would this function? Who decides when the luck begins or ends etc. Why was it so dry when i first came back?
i came back 3 1/2 months ago and didnt get a shiny for 3 weeks. I was grinding but today i did like 40 raids and i got shiny Kyogre on 2 of the later ones. I also got 4 shinies the day before and have had insane luck for 2 weeks. This two weeks ive played more than ever before so as you have anecdotal evidence so do i. Wny if the chances were so boosted would i have had such a long dry period? Why now am i getting such good luck? Why is that those who play the most consistently have the most shinies? How does these buff function and when and how do they end? I cant see any of that being in the game or worth it for niantic
I dont see new players getting more shinies though. In my discord if you go through the shiny chat its the same 10 people most of the time with a bunch of other random people mixed it. The people who play the most seem to have the most shinies in my experience
In the main games shinies are generated when the pokemon number matches your trainer number. Essentially shinies in this game could work the same. You have a number attatched to you and then pokemon roll 1/450. If those two numbers match you have a shiny. I dont see how something like that wouldnt be considered actually random. You also just said that pretty much everyone who thinks its rng and not boosted by account has no idea how rng actually works. That pretty immature and stupid if you ask me considering i just explained how it could be implemented it an essentially random way that has nothing to do with actually assigning shinies per account.
spending money on the game gives you way to grind faster and more efficiently. Those that spend alot of money also probably play alot since spending money does nothing if you dont play. 5 hours a day is alot too. One of the luckiest people in my discord is a high school kid with no job but plays constantly.
\&gt; I hate the “it’s just RNG” crowd. I’m willing to bet most, if not all, don’t understand how RNG on a computer (where the servers and data are stored) works, and how it actually cannot be completely random, and how it’s 100% entirely possible for Niantic to manipulate the odds for certain players. &amp;#x200B; i dont see what im missing. Most if not all those that say its just random dont know how rng or computer systems work according to you. You then say it cannot be completely random and my comment shows how thats possible. Im not sure what i missed mate
that kind of throws a wrench if your theory though. Having seperate mechanics for full odds and boosted makes zero sense
its because this sht gets asked daily and as we understand shinies in the main games compared with context of pokemon go so far there is nothing backing up your claim. People are "asking question" when in reality they are making statements backed up by absolutely nothing
in my discord for a capital city of a decent sized state the people that play the most get the most shinies by far
I dont think hardcore players are the ones usually arguing against sole RNG. The super hardcore players have more shinies than anyone and realize through 1000s of hours that its the luck of the draw and a numbers game
we know how they work in other pokemon games.. thats called contextt
as someone whos been having insane luck lately the system does not gate you from getting shinies after a certain amount of time or decide to reward you because you havent had one in a while. My friend hasnt had a shiny in 2 months ive gotten 20 in as many days. If your system was really how it worked there wouldnt be insane outliers like doing 300 kyogre raids with no shiny. Also your arent really stating an opinion as its pretty commonly agreed upon thats not how spawning of shinies works. You cant waste your odds since each click has the same odds even if youve clicked on a ton already. The main pokemon games didnt generate shinies like that
That doesnt change that its not common understanding. Most people understand that they just changed the odds for accounts with gofest tickets. Theres not evidence they do this for random accounts outside of events
You cant make claims then hide behind speculation when people poke at the logic involved and it fallls apart
stats are the most important part of a career mode.
dude it got objectively worse from fifa 12-17 to the point if they didnt remove anything they it was a plus. They didnt add any new features that werent implemented half broken or in a half assed way. You have no idea what you are talking about. I put 100s of hours into fifa career modes maybe more and EA didnt give a single shit
you literally said it they improve the game every year not that its good this year.
kyogre in my area has been super popular compared to cresselia
lol he made his point clearly and concisely. Thats also now how pvp works as its gerat league for more serous players. Its about countering the pokemon they use based and when to use shields no wonder you dont like it
you can hunt shinies while not leaving your raid team to rott
Lol just stop and move on with your life? Fuck off obviously it doesnt make sense if hes walking to kill himself
but the argument in this thread is about how ea have gutted career mode every year and how its gotten worse every year what are you even talking about then. You are arguing against that and then say you arent. jesus you are an idiot
draft leagues are raids you dont use that term playing in silph cups
because the dicsussion was about more than just the recent game...
i mean i do my pvp battles daily and trainter battles and ive gotten 4 in 3 months. I have enough candy to evolve every singe sinoh stone pokemon a couple of times atleast, So explain my situation? it took me 50 training battles to get my first and then about 20 pvp battles to get my second. Im not sure how many ive down now but this is such a bullshit time gate for new or returning players. So many pokemon need these goddamn things too.
i came back right before torchic community day. Have done the training battle daily for 3 months and 3 pvp battles every day for a month and i have gotten 4.. my first one was 2 weeks ago
i love whenever this is posted people keep saying you should be gettin them if you are doing your pvp battles. Well i do them daily and i have gotten 4 in 3 months. Sure RNG is on the bad side for this but its the only thing in the game thats time gated like this behind daily rewards especailly when so many pokemon need them
they shouldnt be tied to 3 pvp matches a day though there should be a way to grind for them. If you miss the chance one day then you have no recourse but to wait. When this happens weeks straight then what do you do then?
i do the 3 trainer battles almost every day but ive missed a few. I did them for a couple weeks straight before i got my first one so either way its been super unlucky and its driving me insane
ACs run on electricity so you might as well get rid of anything else that runs on it too right?
Your comment was stupid
I watch everything with subtitles and its second nature now
it does not
ive been playing a long time but alot later than i shouldve i started learning things at the slowest possible speed and then speeding them up. Its insane how quickly i shattered my ceiling and just got better and better. You tube 50 percent speed is a godsend
youtube has a 50 percent speed feature. Learn songs at a snail pace perfectly and then speed it up till you get it at the right speed
his cover of one rainy wish shows everything i dislike about him as a guitarist and his sound. His queen stuff was fantastic but i really dont like his solo stuff
I feel its rewarding because there are times it sounds way worse than i thought it did and need to tighten it up
ive been watching youtube videos with tabs on the bottom for harder stuff and its really a godsend. Slow it down to 50 percent and we are good to go
Edgerton is actually singing all those songs which is super impressive
i was all about trading when i came back in may but now i just think of the dust for anything unregistered and its usually not worth it
definitely not true
marvel has filled the star wars void in my life
as long as kevin feige is running it its going to be solid. Hes also working with star wars now so thats good.
one of my favorite sci fi shows ever. Its kind of monster of the weekish for the first season and half of season two but thats the only way they could make the show they wanted which most certainly gets fleshed out and is worth it
In 07 i went to suny oswego and we got 8 feet in a week with the bulk of it coming in a 2 day storm. Shit was crazy and still never seen anything like it again. 3.5 is pretty absurd too shoveling that would be terrible
Its kind of a historically crazy season in the prem and messi scoring an absurd goal isnt really out of the ordinary.
salah is deceivingly strong. He caught up to him with more than enough time to push him off the ball if he was able
did you see vardys pregame ritual? He pounds redbull all day basically
ronaldo still has one of the most impressive verticles. When he was on sports science years ago im pretty sure it was one of the highest they had seen thus far from any sport people they had on.
Thats when i decided it was safe to start saying it out loud. The kopp always knows whats up
The fact henderson dropped to his knees probably crying after the goal shows how important it is in context.
best nut of my life
we literally were the best team in europe last year decided by this tournament with all the "proper" teams .. you alright over there?
You guys looked decent in the second half and shouldve been what you guys led with
and to think henderson got sold and refused to go a few years ago. Now look at the lad
is he litteraly the best player in the world like 2 years ago? not a chance but hes still very good and wouldnt replace him with anyone
We are playing at another gear even this year than even last year. I think its crazy to say the points are directly related to quality if you have been watching the games and look at the context. The fact we keep winning is down to sheer will and a credit to how goddamn strong this team is in every possible way. We find a way to win when we arent playing well and that doesnt just happen 38 times in a row. Our defense has 3 arguably 4 world class best in position players/ midfield isnt flashy but they are overpowering and a ridiculous front 3. The city team we decisively beat this year in a possible season changing fixture are legitimately one of the best teams of the decade as well. The parity in the prem is really tight this year and the prems performance in europe doesn't support your parity argument. If anything there is less parity this year especially with teams like Sheffield who almost beat us &amp;#x200B; edit: easily in the convo no saying easily the best of the era
Im biased but this liverpool team is not business as usual and theres a reason every goal gets tons of upvotes. We are witnessing something crazy and people are appreciating it
I use a computer to play guitar hours on end. Youtubve 50 percent speed changed the game for me
learning the mateus asato lick where he plays thirds and double stops on different strings ( i think) while sliding up and down the neck opened up a ton of avenues for me.
Instagram is that pretty much atm
band of gyspies is my favorite live album of all time
Highly suspect put out two definitive rock albums before their latest trash experiment. But if you havent checked them out they gave me hope for new music a few years ago
My dorm was right on shore of lake ontario and it looked like the end of the world. It was crazy cool but also kind of scary
Sorry but this is bullshit and lacks any critical thinking skills. If you see the same thing again and again because more evidence against trump/ right keeps being uncovered that proves or strongly suggests there were crimes or illegal activities.I feel like anyone with a shred of intellectual honesty can separate your both sides "question" for what it is... And no saying you are playing devils advocate before asking such a disingenuous question is insulting
His liverpool team is the Modern game in every perceivable way.
Everyone argues about MLS and pro/rel in america but just look at how absolutely devastating it is to b relegated in this era. Its a possible 100mil dollar swing over a couple seasons and only a small percentage make it back within a few years edit; Not arguing why it exists just that the financial health of these clubs is complex and can change in an instant
I used to be addicted to buying new guitars and id usually sell an older one to help pay for it. I then found a 1993 strat plus in mint condition and its still to this day the nicest strat ive ever played including some custom shop stuff. I havent bought another guitar since then and that was 5 years ago. Havent a guitar you really love just makes you want to play and i hope everyone gets to experience that.
I got a 1987 gibson 335 for 1800 bucks at a local guitar shop. It had time shaw PAFs which are insanely good and had the best distorted sound from any guitar ive ever played. It had an ebony neck which wasnt ideal but it did everything a les paul did but better in my opinion
Carrying PC gaming stuff really helped IMO. They are the only place i can locally and try out new keyboards, headphones and mice
Inside llewin davis is still one of my favorite movies
i love his french accent in the king
The mandalorian is live live action rebels. Dave filoni is responsible for some of the best star wars content weve gotten. They both had big influences and really made the show together.
I find that all the new disney star wars movie is pretty unwatchable for me as reruns. ill watch any of the original 6 if i see them on TV without hesitation
I feel not having Lip be a genius made it harder for me to watch. After watching the american one first that was a big hole for me
Snake episode is one of my favorites as well.
You tube has a 50 percent speed feature as well
Yes and it adds a ton to the show IMO. Hes one of the most interesting characters for sure
. So i had a similar experience with seroquel. Part of its kind of a funny story while its also crazy how fast you can put on weight with it and hungry it made me. Ive 5'7 135 pounds soaking wet. I took started taking sequel as a sleeping medication and it gave me uncontrollable night munchies. I woke up covered in chocolate more than once because i fell asleep eating a hershes bar. I mean in my hair all over sheets it wasnt great. I started gaining weight so fast while i was taking it. As someone who had never been able to gain weight before its crazy how fast i put it on. I wasnt eating healthy at all but i was up to 180. I then realized how much i weighted when i was in my friends wedding that summer and none of my clothes fit and then saw the pictures. Honestly once i stopped taking and slowed down on the fast food the weight came of reletively easy. Im sure it was much easier for me to lose that weight than most people who are overweight as i cant gain 5 pounds normally. I feel your pain though not being able to sleep is probably worse than being overweight imo and one of the worst feelings i can imagine. I hope it works out for you
Thats amazing. Ive played golf extensively at a high level for a good part of my life and never gotten one. I had 2 lip out and sit an inch away but hole in ones are crazy lucky. My friend got one at a par 3 his first summer golfing which kills me deep down. I also was playing in a tournament and we couldn't find my ball after my approach shot because no on thought to look in the hole as it didnt look that close.
Glad you are alright. In 1987 my cousin was killed by lightning at 18 while camping in Yellowstone with 2 friends. Tent got struck by such a massive bolt the ground surrounding the tent had turned to glass
Hannibal starts slow but once it gets passed the procedural bullshit it is fantastic. The second season is legitimately great
I hatched 1000 eggs over the summer a ton of 10k and havent seen one from an egg. I caught like 6 in my city though
i did the 3 battles daily and the team leader battle daily and i had a godawful stretch and it happened to be when i needed stones since i had come back to the game in may. I would be lucky with one a week while doing each interaction but when almost 40 without one.
Ive been learning this the last few days as well. I used the YouTube cover by greg as a guide to learn from. Can see what hes playing, can slow the speed down if necessary and its super accurate. Good stuff now for the rest!
nice try but comments like this are so transparent
you are ignoring years of context and historical professional integrity. She doesnt have a history of lying and making up fake interviews to get attention.
Bullshit if you heard the audio youd see he wasnt answering shit and she only started pressing him when he started being evasive
because they told her not to record it
Companies bid for the right to get to the contract. A french company won hence they built it
I do that with the youtube 50 percent feature when learning new things. I learn it at such a slow speed and then speed it up until its engrained. Helped me fix some issues with my technique
i dont want to resent him its just that i see that same advertisement literally every time i open Instagram. I wouldnt care if he put out new clips or videos even monthly or something. Its the fact he doesnt upload anything new while still adverting in such an aggressive way. I love that app for guitarist and have found so many gems. I feel like he should have way more followers than 50k and would if he uploaded even remotely regularly. &amp;#x200B; edit: i love his solo for the wind cries mary.
Start by slowing down the songs as slow as you cant and get the feel for them and slowly speed them up. Some parts will be hard to grasp even at that speed if you are where you say you are in your guitar journey but just keep at it. Come back to them often and eventual it will click. Interesting thing i found while trying to learn parts of 40z were that a few of the riffs in the song are SOO bad ass while at 50 percent speed and i regularly used them all the time in my slower playing
In my city with 100k people the people who post the most shinies in our discord are almost all level 40 and grind like crazy. I got atleast one shiny 28 out 30 days over the summer and have also gone on crazy droughts. The alolan event over the summer i got 13 shinies that week on one account with 5 alolan geodudes.. im level 40. I then caught 2800 Pokemon during the water event a few weeks later where barboach was released most of which were shiny eligible and didnt get a single one. Most likely its just completely random but getting definitive proof will take a ton of research. i also made a fresh account over the summer and sometimes its hot and sometimes its not just like my main
Destiny has a 30 tickrate for damage 10 for less essential functions
Year one had one right way to approach almost every situation which was watching lanes with your teamates. Special ammo being available all the time means there are many more viable ways to approach engagements mainly baiting and using the radar to full advantage. Knowing someone probably has shotty ammo and they think you probably do allows you to bait. One shot weapons require a ton of tactics... have you ever played and absurdly good player with with a shotgun? Defeating them takes aim. Positioning, game sense and map awareness
They also actively vilify any mentioned of streamers or top players and turned it into an echo chamber where players of high skill stopped going and objectively incorrect info gets spouted and upvoted. Theres still some good players that use that sub but alot of them have been driven away
Competitive doesn't necessarily mean sterile and everything equal. Supers if they were tuned correctly could most certainly be in a competitive mode. There needs to be counter play and a relatively fair gameplay experience. I agree random rolls are an issue and the netcode issues
I hate when im watching something and take a break and then have to search for it again because its not on my main screen when i restart netflix
BUT IT DOES in our current landscape. That is what you are missing
This is why i learn as many songs and ideas as possible. After ive spent a few hours learning something new or difficult i find myself at the most creative
you ever hear of peter green my man? He was the guitarist in fleetwood mac the came before lyndsey buckingham and they were a badass blues band with green being on the same level as clapton to alot of people in that era. Check out peter bardens "the answer" ( that peter green slaying) and " ive got a mind to give up living" by peter greens fleetwood mac. Based on your influences we are of similar tastes and you will love him
i had never heard of him until i saw him live last summer. He put on a great show. His guitar playing isnt at the level of alot of my other interests but he makes really creative and catchy riffs
Billy Strings is a great one to drop in this thread.
i watch that every few months
goose, 40oz are still their favorite songs to me and have amazing riffs. As amazing as their newer songs are they are kind of too complicated IMO
mateus is known for way more than just instagram... He played with bruno mars for a week last summer in vegas and is the touring guitarist for tori kelly. John Mayer has said mateus is one of the best guitarist around right now edit: Tori kellys last tour was her with an acoustic and matues with his electric sitting on a couch playing small venues. She understands what kind of asset/talent she had playing with her and some of the clips from those shows are absolutely amazing even though she is a "pop star"
Hes Tori Kellys touring guitarist and has played with bruno mars as well. Hes known by everyone in the industry
bb king said "He has the sweetest tone I ever heard; he was the only one who gave me the cold sweats" and would definitly be more well known but was only active for 3 or 4 years before i took too much acid and never came back. He wrote black magic women which was a cover for santana and most of the licks are actually greens. The band fleetwood mac was named by him after the bassist and drummer because he knew hed leave the band one day and wanted to leave them with something. The record companies wanted the band named after him. Just some tid bits his story is fascinating though.
If "black lives matter" causes you to foster resentment that says way more about you than the movement
being a "troll" doesnt absolve someone of their actions. Being atrol IRL and instigating people to do something illegal makes you a piece of shit
Thats how i rerended a van filled with disabled kids and ruined their saturday. They didnt make black panther because they were required to call the cops and they took over 2 hours to show up
I remember dropping in on vert when i used to skate and i psyched myself out for atleast an hour before something drove me to just comitt.
the illusive typo. Congrats on your first
I dont think its the best show ever but i went in with zero expectations and was shocked to see how badly it got eviscerated by reviewers. Most of them i completely disagreed with their reasonings and the main critique that it was unfunny
downvotes dont prevent your free speech
i agree thats the main issue. But its ambitious for 30 min episodes and the characters are great especially the fact they are all competent, have redeeming qualities and arent dumb. Even though carrell has moments he is a 4 star general and has the abilities of one. I also think alot of the humor is smart and works but the overal arc need work
the actual actors are phenomenal and you lose alot IMO when you dub them
you cant explain it without giving away huge spoilers but time travel
season 2 improves on one in just about every way is one of the best seasons in all of tv. Goes all in on the paradox
they definitly had a plan and you dont write such a tight show about time travel where everything in your theoretical world makes sense without one. There are no cop out or plot holes as far as their universe is concerned... atleast so far
i watch everything in subtitles at this point.
season two went all in on the crazy and doubled down on pretty much anything that was already messed up.
Theres a 4 hour ish podcast by the creator where he goes into incredible depth with what actually happened, what he changed anything if he did and what went into filming and its so good
check out the creators podcast. Its on HBOs youtube and is amazing in every way
probably depends on your sense of humor a bit but thats one of my favorite comedies hands down
I try and use logic, critical thinking and reasoning skills with anything im approaching. The fact people use "liberals are mean and calling me out for things my party does means im going to double down and vote for trump again". Only solidifies how lost these people are and that they will not change
im in a similar situation and my only income in the last 3 months is the first check
the best way to have less problems related to drugs is the Switzerland way and make everything legal but regulated
i was unaware of that
one side argues in relative good faith while the other.... no so much
This is the biggest political movement this country has seen since martin luther king died. There is clearly already reform happening and awareness at just how institutionalized the issue is.
I once had someone tell me i was too nice to people during my retail transactions. Genuinely just being polite and engaging and a coworker saw it as a red flag. People are weird and i was a delight
Had a mod in my cities discord start drama because someone kept knocking him out of on of the cemeteries after they had closed for the night. He tried to spin it like we were risking losing the cemetery by people breaking the rules but he clearly put his pokemon in daily right before 6 and expected no one to take them out for the rest of the night. You could also reach most of the gyms from outside the cemetary.
im 5 7 whats up &amp;#x200B; edit: also kidding.. mostly
This is just a talking point that means nothing. This country has 300 million plus people but somehow less regulation and government interference is an actual answer. At this point they are pretty much ignoring existing check and balances anyways so
He doesnt have any principles and has made an on the record counter argument to just about every contentious public statement hes made as president
so you are for small government but also for the government protecting small business interests? You cant do that and all the other things it needs to do by having less regulations and less oversite.
sorry someone didnt hold your hand on the internet when you made a stupid comment. Grow some thicker skin
I completely disagree with just about everything you said
strangely i couldnt watch the latest stranger things after watching season two of dark. It just seemed corny after watching what i think is one of the best seasons of any show ever. I did sit down and watch it recently and enjoyed it but whoever described it like that for you isnt to be trusted
dark after season 1 was cool but after the incredible second season i definitely know what you mean. I consider it the best show on netflix and arguably in the discussion as the best on tv. At that point theres some preference but its so good and im so exited for season 3
I thought about season 2 for weeks after i saw it the first time
i cant imagine watching it without being able to hear jonass voice and actually acting. It just does the show and everyone involved a disservice. I used to watch alot of english ( over the pond) shows with my mom and couldnt understand anything so i started using subtitles and 5 years later i never take them off ever. Dark i dont even notice its in german really since im so used to subtitles. I love it
Man you are doing yourself a disservice. The acting is incredible and their voices are essential. I also watch everything with subtitles and dont even realize its in german after 2 minutes
Also the day of the Apocalypse in the show. June 27 2020
season two is a masterpiece IMO and improves on season one in every single way. Watch it.
Sbmm also causes issues where average players never meet good players aside for comp or trials where they are trying in stacks and will never learn anything from that or be able to start to bridge that gap. In the months before forsaken came out i had plateaud hard do to the sbmm and only playing a certain kind of player at my skill bracket. Whenever i played actual good or decent players i got demolished. I found that when sbmm was removed playing people of all kinds of skill levels all the time greatly helped me improve. I had games where i mercied the other team or got mercied but you learn alot from just out playing people with confidence which doesnt usually happen with sbmm at certain brackets. You also get to see good players maybe be on their team but either way you wont see bsk members every other game. Forsaken was one of my favorite metas and it benefited everyone but the lowest skill brackets which probably should have some protection. Average players will see mostly average skilled players still
honestly though wendys nuggets are legit and super cheap
my best friends uncle who i know well was sayin how he did that on purpose when he was in a patrol car on the highway just to fuck with people.
i also have been told by a cop that he did that to mess with people
i know everyone raves about avatar but i just finished season one and even with everyone telling you its going to be good i didnt see it being such a complete show. The finale was amazing if that word even does it justice Sorry for the tangent but
I watched it with zero expectations and then went to read a few reviews and couldnt beleive it got eviscerated like it did. Its worth it for malkovic and carell alone and i thought it was really funny. It had issues but it didnt deserve the pounding it got
i cant believe how many reviews said it wasnt funny and the jokes missed.... I watched it with zero expectations and know for sure that it had some legitimately hillarious moments.
yeah for sure they have a solid foundation and ill definitely be watching season 2. Most of the shows that creator has made have gotten better over time too so.
I used to play the first missions with the never ending spawning enemies for hours.
Kinda of a shame i didnt buy the other two games because i didnt enjoy the fellowship game. I just didnt know what was good for me
never made it passed the second level
i looked this up when this first came out and im pretty sure that lab was also partially funded by the USA
she definitely didn't but thats good to know. Shes moved on with her life and probably doesnt want to think about it
season 2 is just a continuation of season 1 but doesnt spend 3 episodes setting up the town. Im not even sure how you convinced yourself to hate it. The slow motion scenes were cool IMO especially the second episode before he travles back to the past but
The worst is when you have a drug addicton and dreamt about having drugs and being about to use but never do. Then waking up thinking you have drugs but you actually are out and dreamt it. been clean 7 years but damn thats a shitty feeling lol
those videos on the industry and how he made it into session work are super interesting
I dont like scott grove but also love him because he loves strat plus models more than i do which is hard to accomplish
Im 5 7 but have the tiniest goddamn hands in the entire world and it has never once prevented me from doing anything on guitar. At times i think its a positve
im 5 6 and have always had really good hand eye coordination and apply myself to things i enjoy etc. I find it odd how many people assumed being short could hinder someones skills on the guitar. Hell I played college lacrosse ( d3) at 5 6 120lbs
Honestly its never once hindered my guitar playing in any way what so ever and cant imagine id be any better with bigger hands. I have tiny hands for a man. I find that comparison no ideal as height actually does prevent you from progression in sports do to solely your height. I was short but a great athlete and super fast but me playing a d1 sport was impossible. Guitar aint like that
i havent thought about my hand size in terms of guitar playing since me and someone were in my bedroom 10 years talking about how far we could stretch across the frettboard.
glad to see some peter green rep... you mean that albatross right? Also man of the world is an incredibly emotional song
I have a blue burst strat plus that is very similar can i join?
Theres some amazing live versions of little wing out there btw. Should check them out
I love goose and 40oz with have a melodic feel and are technical but not as overly technical as i find their newest stuff. Goat is cool but i just feel its got too much going on and tim keeps writing more and more complex riffs. I dont think it gets better than 40oz for me if we are talking polyphia
check out 40oz and goat but i agree with most of their songs. I find these two to transcend what you mentioned
i didnt see this but hes one of my favorite guitarist and got done learning the entirety of facelift last month. His solos are simple but amazing and he makes use of open space and simple progressions. Would is one of my favorite songs of all time but is just two chords for the most part. His song writing is second to none
I love his voice and im sure alot of people dont realize how key his backing vocals are to how good alice in chains are
I think layne staley is the one of the best singers of all time STOP. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gU7Mvo\_ZtQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gU7Mvo_ZtQ) this version is other worldly. The singer of heart was there that night and said she was in awe of how good he was and that he was almost incandescent. &amp;#x200B; Jerrys song writing is genius. His solos melodic and play perfectly to the song. He was a riff machine and wrote dozens of songs that are classics. I love how he builds songs with such minimal amount of chords or extra unneeded chords or playing. Some of their best songs are insanely simple but all about the melody and the singing over top. Would is just the main riff and then the chorus main 2 chords really. Countless songs are the same with a single main or opening riff, 2 more sections usually simple but whats needed then a solo
What the hell have i is criminally unknown to people that dont listen to them and is one of his best imo
He uses the right chords without any extra fuss. Man in the box is the simplest song of all time but is timeless.
texas bluesman. I always knew how good he was but he had a weird intimidating aura around him with the texas hat and get up. That documentary really made me fall in love with him though.
I do not. Im in a great place and really dont think about using at all and have outgrown it at this point. My brain has fully repaired itself to a point i didnt think was possible. So no i do not but i do still have weird dreams
biden is terrible but id take a look warm husk over trumps dismantling of our checks and balances and rampant criminality
This sub has sent me down many a rabbit hole. Someone posted the aniversary of the china exposion which send me to another thread and another. So i started out look at threads of biggest bombs humans ever set off which led me to volcanic eruptions and ending with sinking ships. This was a month ago probably and still find myself thinking about maritime disasters especially one with a well written Atlantic article to go with it. But i agree this sub is amazing
&amp;#x200B; I sold batteries at a locally owned small business and half the business we sold were car batteries. Ill tell you something about car batteries and its that they bring out the worst in people for whatever reason. I have countless stories of seemingly rational smart people being complete irrational assholes over absolutely nothing. For context i was knowledgeable and super courteous and would do whatever i could to help someone if it was in my power. We sold arguably the best batteries you can buy and had long free replacement warranties for $100-$120. We had an economy version which was also a good battery but with a 3-6 month warranty for 75-90 bucks. We were cheaper than literally anywhere aside from walmart at times or tractor supply but people expected us to be even cheaper. The amount of people that would scoff at our prices and instantly become a complete dickhead was higher than sounds believable. People would somehow logic that they were doing me a favor by shopping with us because we were a small business and they were entitled compensation in the form of cheaper prices. I found alot of People regularly would tell me they were going to get it cheaper somewhere else or trying to haggle because we were supposedly friends from the one other time they were in the store. Then when i courteously explain i cant budge on the price and why they would usually double down and keep trying to haggle but it rarely ended with them just saying " ok that sound reasonable". Alot of the time it did end with them having to come back in and buy from us when they realized i was right but they would never acknowledge it. If someone just came in and was a genuinely reasonable person that didnt give us unwarranted shit it was seen as a nice surprise. . Haggle if you must and i didnt mind the first ask but you are an asshole if you keep making me tell you no again to lowering the price. This happened daily and was a constant cause of bullshit. It definitly had to do with the fact we were a locally owned small business but alot of people loved telling us they "supported small business" while leaving to go to walmart to get a battery that is the same price as the one i have on the counter. &amp;#x200B; edit: forgot the reason i made this comment but yeah being a cashier is a thankless job. I was able to tell people off and would call assholes out on their shit semi reguarly. I stopped doing this when i could see some guys brain deciding if he was going to hit me or not over our interaction. After that i was just super nice to assholes which i found also can confuse them and cause them to turn super nice like a switch flipped.
I ordered panera way too often at one point in my life and they started giving me free cookies or bottled water. One day the manager brought over a free meal because they made it by accident. I miss that panera
He said it during a speach or something he didnt tweet it.
The fact someones life is even at risk due to sleeping in a drive through is the literal issue.
D2y1 wasnt balanced in a good way it was sterile and one dimensional. There was 1 way to approach every engagement and lack of special ammo only made this issue exponentially worse. With special ammo on spawn you know someone else probably has it which means you have to play every engagement for multiple range and weapon possibilities. It allows for baiting which is an essential inherent part of PVP if you have an only on radar. Gonna be hard to bait someone to push you if they are laning with a scout. This lack of different ways to approach engagements lowered the skill ceiling and how much effect one person could have. I completely disagree with peoples assesments that balanced means everything equal. That is not what it means in this context ie a good PVP game. Balanced means things that are strong have counterplay against them. There is nothing inherently unbalanced about lower TTK or one hit weapons.
Sbmm also creates the issue where the rich get richer by playing literally only other good than average players do to such strict SBMM. This mean thats average players who mightve improved or had more room to move upward will probably plateau in their skill bracket at some point where they will only be exposed to players at their skill level. People seem to undervalue playing people worse than you and way better than you in quickplay and how it can drastically improve your confidence and overall skill. Last time SBMM was removed i found my ceiling went up by a crazy amount and i played way better against good players do to the fact id see them in other environments than comp or trials. I also got stomped and also stomped some lobbies. edit: also there arent more than a handful of players that good so meeting him every once in a while is a good thing so people can see what the ceiling looks like in an actual gameplay setting. I know what you mean by oppressive though. I played destined in y1 on a night where we were struggling and i literally couldn't move without getting wrecked and they had every lane or possible angle locked down. Was a good experience thoug
I used to buy and sell alot of guitars on craigslist and the lowballers made me stop tbh. It helped i also fell in love with my forever guitar and havent had the urge to buy one sense. &amp;#x200B; edit: I also got annoyed with people over pricing their gear in ways that wasnt realistic but i still check CL every once in a while. I found a strat plus for 700 which i resold for 1000 which was nice though
Finding a guitar i absolutely loved gave me so much creativity and incentive to play at times i might not otherwise wanted too. I was addicted to buying and selling gear for a while until i found my forever strat and havent bought a guitar since. I actually sold my SG and my 1987 335 within the last couple years because i just didnt play them. Down to one guitar only and im fine with it. Congrats on your find man
You ever play a really good 335? I personally think they do what a les paul does for the part but better. Its preference to a point but 335s are something else
People dont know what they are or realize that they are probably the best production guitars fender ever made aside from maybe the brand new professional series that are putting out now. My forever strat is actually a strat plus but i paid 1250 for it and its still one of the nicest strats ive ever played. Flawless/mint condition Blue burst 1993 with one of the best necks ive ever felt. I love that guitar edit: got that on craiglist to actually
I can learn very well by ear at this point in my playing but as a begining and even early intermediate i had issues learning by ear. The thing that got me ear honed in? Learning 100s of songs via tabs. I could never have sat down and learned something by ear in a reasonable time by thats how i learn everything now unless i can figure it out i look up a tab
I disagree with this. Im a solid guitarist and spent alot of time learning solos, soings by ear but i wouldnt be able to do that if i hadnt learned a ton of songs via another method. IE tabs.
Completely disagree. Learning other peoples music is an integral part of becoming your own guitarist. If ive just been learning something new for an hour or two and go to improv i usually have way more inspiration. I use everything i learn in that it helps me put down what every it is that my hands or brain is feeling. How do you think guitarist get good and figure out new creative riffs to play. They learn other peoples music. All the greats got to where they are by learning other peoples music and being able to do it note for note. Van halen played everything by clapton note for note for years. Frusciante learned as many songs as he could and would try and get as close as he could to sounding just like page, hendrix. Stevie ray vaughn spent litteraly years learning everything blues related he could note for note
Its why Suhr guitars changed their headstock shape yet make literally strats
youd love my blueburst strat then
yeah give me a couple minutes
Last week tonight is fact check out the wazoo too because of how many times they have been sued. He doesnt present falsehoods as facts and trys to actually educate people. I cant imagine calling them two similar and having any reasoning or critical thinking skills
https://imgur.com/a/rS9Ke6T
curious what are you general political ideals or what would you say being a moderate republican means right now. I personally have liberal views for gov but thats based on how i think government functions ideally not what team is. Genuine question though thanks! &amp;#x200B; edit: Im not a democrat either
I went to a liberal college in a liberal state and 6 months ago my public admin professor was a trump supporter and Rep... head of the department too so you actually dont know what you are talking about
dude you should be learning your entire life. If you consider brain washing also to include every time you learn something new because it might change your viewpoint or perspective then sure.
ive seen once and it was because the dude was standing way too far away from it. I also have never seen a peen in a urinal one case outstanding
mines in good condition and ive never seasoned it i just use it like another pan and its the best investment imaginable. can cook the best burgers or steaks your ever had without any effor
Do you watch liverpool play consistently? Hes bes an absolute rock that allows us to play the way we do while still being the best defense weve had in decades
Ramos makes alot of mistakes at time or atleast did a few years ago i havent watched madrid consistently in a few years. i find it hard to compare them though but tecnicially like ramos VVD has the tecnicallity, strength and the ability to score when we absolutely need him to. You dont even notice Virgil out there because he is just doing what he needs to do or he comes up to score. Sure ramos takes it do to his accolades but ii dont think they are far off
You want less regulations and oversite over politicians and those who run government agencies? Trump has only shown that our checks and balances can be ignored and that people are going to be corrupt if they can get away with ait
No insult taken. Kinda crazy how relevant that moment of salah being taken out of that final is tot his very discussion but im happy with whatever happened in the past for us to get where we are this season as its been amazing having followed terrible failing sports franchises my entire life liverpool included for the most part. We probably wouldnt have had the season we did this year or the drive if we already had a champions leageu. is always One reason we were so immense this year is from the way we lost the league last year. so yeah its gonna be pretty hard to keep up what were doing indefinitely. I have faith in klopp though.
I thought it was super funny at times but it wasnt a predator movie and didnt work as one imo
i didnt think it was a good movie but i thought some of the jokes definitely hit well
Not alot of people can overshadow Russel Crowe but he stole the show and was insanely good in 310 - yuma
He also didnt make the film he set out to IMO. This is do to alot of reasons but the studio was threatening to shut him down durring filming so he had to rush through the last 30 percent of the movie or something with 2 other directors coming in to help with shootings and his wife helped edit. This was all from a super in depth documentary with everyone involved in the making i saw recently
you realize barr has to go to court for misrepresenting the Mueller report in july as a federal just stated what was in it is not in like with what barr said publically. He did make private statements that were more in like with the truth meaning he lied on purpose to mislead the american people just to get trump off.
Do you know what it means to be progressive in the context of politics?
It was. I mean george knew what he was doing was just in way over his head. Im pretty sure that the studio did fold because the head of the studio decided to pull the plug but the producer had last say on the project and decided to stick with george and let him finish
Barr has to go infront of a republican appointed federal judge and explain his misrepresentation of the Muller report.
You mean the muller report that a federal judge appt by a republican ruled that barr public statements around the report mischaracterized the report specifically to exonerate trump. The muller report doesnt exonerate trump which is cleary mueller even says that if they couldve exonerated him they wouldve have. The fact they didnt bring charges doesnt mean they didnt have evidence to bring them. That judge also that H barr made comments in private that go against what he said about the report in public. Barr has go and justify all his actions surrounding it in later july
My friend had a tank and was doing balloons while delivering pizza. Well he fished out while driving and drove into the store front of the food place he worked at. No one as hurt thank god but sometimes while doing good nitrous you are councious but no able to move which is what we called fishing out. I can laugh now 10 years later
isnt MDMA terrible for the brain.
shucks i mean if he says
The wall doesnt solve an issue. We already have boarders that prevent whatever it is that we need to prevent from getting in. A wall has been proven over and over again to be pointless.
The radar is an inherent part of the game and reading it/ manipulating it is part gamesense, map knowledge and overall skill set
In year one i hit a plateau and would get wrecked in trials against actual good players because i never saw them outside of trials. In my SBMM bracket it was good enough that i had to try my absolute hardest but low enough that i didnt see actual good players. When SBMM was removed in forsaken my ceiling was shattered mainly do to the fact that regularly outplaying people and having lobbies where you stomp is entirely essential. its also essential to see seeing really good players in a non competitive playlist where they arent necessarily stacked which creates an environment where you can actually learn. Its crazy how quickly i got better and fast i found myself outplaying people that had regularly wrecked me
as someone whos 5 7 lying about your height is such a terrible idea
oof
I mean i live in a hard hit area and state and didnt qualify for unemployment as i quit my job to go back to school just before the pandemic hit and my only income for 3 months has been 1200.
