Just NA things
Yea I know him, his nickname is Ukuk
FeelsGoodMan
Im sure if needed to kill a player last night to win the Derby Hakimi would have done it. This guy commited his soul yesterday
jungling fast includes that. Normally you needed lifesteal (mask) or regen (ring of health) for that, otherwise you would be low all the time. Now you can already jungle at early levels without having any of those items and without taking damage, even ancients.
Still place 16 to 6 LUL
Matured. Lel it's time for that with being 33 soon 34.
Inb4 Messi joining Juve and benching Ronaldo, lmao
Bayern doesnt have the money PSG, City (where he came from) and Real/Barca have. Period. Also for Sancho, City has a matching right, so no matter what he probably end up there when Pep is still there in a few years
I know I'm going to get downvoted, but he is definitely one of the most overrated coaches in recent football history. I still think we won the world cup despite having him as a coach and not because of him. And Im fairly certain without him there would be another European championship or even a 2nd world championship in for us. :(
I know Im the minority here, but the ESL stream always was extremely fluent for me, with topnotch 1080p (or more idk) but the stream looked always really crisp, yes even better than twitch for me. I loved the work they put on the esl shows, sadly a lot of it never reached this place, since the majority watched grant or bdog, which is totally fine. Im fine with esl moving to twitch again, no matter how good the quality of a stream is, without twitch chat it's not the same
I think the hardest part of that is to forbid streaming. I remember from Secret backthen when they got offered contracts from panda.tv and they leaked somehow. Artour and co were offered like 600k US$ for a 6 month contract and 30~ hours of streaming per week. And back then panda was a smaller company than doyoutv, so I'd assume the numbers are a lot bigger there.
The mana rework just killed the hero. period. Until storm or his items getting MAJOR buffs, storm will not be picked,except you're SumaiL.
Thanks to both, because of their shiteseason we got rid of the majority of the deadweight of the team. Now we have the best football afro in the world, a younger midfield hummels, a younger more mature dembele, and a joker that scored like what, every 25 mins. Thank you that you are not extremely good coaches like Tuchel and Klopp, so the world could see how bad some of the players actually were.
They(beta testers) were playing since January/February and this what we got is the end result. Im not sure what to think about Valve. Lets just hope and pray IceFrog never leaves Dota, because the day that comes, Valve will fuck up everything.
I know im getting downvoted but this was the wrong step mr.foden
Def. NOT a loophole, I repeat NOT a loophole
Damn that's what? Not even a quarter of his WEEKLY salary? Now he's going to be in time all the time Kappa
Wtf? How are we the most hated club? Damn, I certainly dont feel that way in Germany, we get welcomed with open arms with nearly every team. Guess we arent really popular abroad
Sadly he doent get much playtime since we moved Reus to 10 and this is like Reus first season without a major injury. But I dont think I have seen a more gifted player at such a young age. His movement, technique and especially his oversight is absolutely incredible, all he lacks atm is a little body height. He's beeb exceptionally good in the u19, sometimes u23. He'll get more playing time hopefully soon
Oh from the headline I thought that Real Betis and we are the most hated clubs... well my english isn't the greatest, I apologize
N'Golo Kante, the Gh of football
FUCK YEAH! ABSOLUTELY DESERVED
Doing good is a massive understatement. He is absolutely perfect for us this season. The man doesnt lose a single ball, completes 98% of his passes and has the 2nd most passes in the CL. Witsel is a fucking god
We should just play the damn song every match at home then :D
Good defending. Topnotch. If you have morons like that in your starting XI, you deserve to go to EL
Wtf how is Courtois to blame for all of that? It's nice and all that you support keylor because you're the same nationality but im pretty sure 99% of the goals would have happened with ANY goalkeeper Neuer, Oblak, Gigi, MatS anyone.
I mean as of now he has the best stats for a defensive midfielder in the CL with Rakitic I believe. Sooo it's not that unlikely.
Why the fuck would I make excuses for Real Madrid? If you look at my flair its black and yellow, I dont think those are the colors of Real Madrid. But it seems you're just stupid.
CL needs VAR so bad. The ref fucked up a billion decisions in a span of 15 minutes. And what about Lewys run to the pen, im pretty sure that's illeagle. He stopped compleltely, TWICE.
Im literally fine with every team. I wish we could get Manu though, seeing mou back in Westfalen Stadion and him getting MEGA mad once more would be a dream come true
I mean while it speaks for us, we also have to take into consideration that Brügge and Monaco didnt even try to play football for the majority of both games. Atleti was also extremely defensicve in dortmund and only really went full ham revenge mode in Madrid (where we conceded 2 goals, luckily 2 goals, could have been a lot more) Anyway BürKING &lt;3
Thats a 100% red card
And make the sounds louder from your hero chatwheel. They are incredibly low volume for some reason
Salzburg also has probably the best coach out of all EL Teams. Marco Rose is incredibly underrated, eventhough we are fucking amazing with Favre atm, I would have loved to see Marco Rose joining us. What he did with RBS is nothing but wow.
Because they are so used to Champions League ?
Plus he is playing his 2nd year for the u17 team, despite being only 14. (won top goalscorer last season too with 41 goals iirc)
It's bugged since months, if not since the introduction of 7.00.
No idea why you fight for an EL spot and then use your c-team in 5/6 matches. Hope they fail to qualify for anything this season.
Is he actually THAT good or do you just have all the cards in your hand and its for the others to buy him for xxx amoint of cash. I watched 3 matches this season and to me he looked a little average in your team, slightly better thab average. Maybe I just saw 3 of his weaker games Idk ;(
Thats the only reason im thinking of quitting the game. You win 2 hardfought games where you barely snatch rosh and activate bkb before the eneny jumps and you barely make it and are on a hype train. Ha well fuck you, here is a guy with a lvl 20 acc who has 100 bot matches played and a 90%winrate on huskar, terrorblade, meepo and brood. You lose the game in 17 mins. This happens REGULARY, if this doesn't happen to me at least 3-4( lets say I play 10-12 games a week) times a week then I'm lying. And that shit, is the only reason im going to quit when nothing changes. This is low immortal/high divine bracket btw.
Ayy lmao
Artifact lost MORE than 80% of its playerbase within a single week. Lmao, Dota2 is their absolute a-game and their number 1 moneymaker since at least 7 years
fixed it for you. Also I have heard, english is not the national language in every country, I could be wrong though. Thus people learning it as their (!) 2nd, 3rd or even 4th language.
Literally, except a tiny detail. Im not as good as him in football but im close I'd say Kappa
Nintendo released a patch for Smash and the patch notes literally said "Adjusuted Characters: xx, yy, zz,." So you don't know what actually is going and then noxville said just like dpc rules
As someone from way above you. When someone better is telling you smth it might be right cause you know that guy went through all of you have gotten and more. But no reason to argue with you
I think we have seen Fear play every position so far and imo his 4 was the most underwhelming. Not sure why they did that though, didn't they just qualify for a Major? I mean the guy qualified for it and now he isn't allowed to play it lol
Wtf Grillitsch??????
I dont wanna jinx and it and all, but if this is werders actual starting formation, I.wouldnt be surprised if we completely smash them. Predicting a 5-0
I feel he's incredibly technically limited and that's not a good treat to have in Favre systems. He's kind of a young grosskreutz and Im not sure we need someone lik ehim. He seems like really likeable guy who gives his all for the team but you know our midfield and frontrow is absolutely stacked, and it's not like we are going to stop buying a few talents here and there that could explode like any other youngster from our team.
Perfection!
This streamable missed the first few seconds of the play. Guerreiro first faked then ran away and everyone waited for marco to take the cross but rapha came back and crossed to paco
2nd CLEARCUT pen we didnt get. Reminder for everyone German Bundesliga has VAR
I don't care about anything but our vertical passing was THE best passing I have seen in the past 5 years. No barca real or bayern, todays one touch football was magical
Fitting for the Spurs draw: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbmUI5XDuYE&amp;feature=youtu.be Wer ist nummer drei?
Thats the problem from youngsters going from tier 3 teams straight to the absolute best. What did he expect honestly
So you spend one year getting to where you at, then basically 70% of the league gets to playoffs anyway and THEN it's single elimination ? I mean wtf, I possibly couldn't think of anything worse other than tossing a coin who wins
I know that, I was meme'ing but turns out people really take it serious. Should have put an /s at the end lol. I wish we were half as successfull as Barca but Im not sure why you bring up Dortmund, it's not like I said "yeah we gonna smash you mate"
Why are we conceding a once in a lifetime goal every week? how is it possible that every shot from 30m is in? tt fucking deserved loss today
Wow, Valve communicated with us.
So much Arc warden spam, please arturito pick something else from time to time xd
Nah, im thinking we will pull delaney back into CB and start with Dahoud/Witsel or Weigl/witsel. Pisczu-delaney-toprak-hakimi. No way Schmelzer starts a single match vs anyone ever again
The league has clear priority here. Obv. we will try everything in CL to advance but our mainfocus is Bundesliga, winning the league would mean everything for german football. Winning CL is always luck dependant, no matter what team you are.
Monaco is a shitfest of a team with a manager who has no clue what he's doing. Our u23 would put up a fight vs that Monaco aswell.
Damn you're butthurt and stupid. "meh someone was good and farmed us at the fountain BabyRage" So what? If the guy is 50:0 he can do whatever the fuck he wants to, get good and don't let him get to that point and if it was your mate, who cares, then they shouldnt have let it to that point or pick better heroes. Also proove it, there is no way a single hero can fountain farm for FIVE minutes with the new fountain truestrike and damage buff, which also disables heart of terrasque. No not even a pa with satanic and heart. "shitty design" my ass. This has been the best competitive computer esports title since esports.
How the tables have turned
Damn you're stupid
LerGG and Henry, the biggest flamers in the streaming business both account buyers, boosted accounts, multiple times prooved over and over again. Still claim to be good Xd
here I come
This has gotta one of the worst goals ever lmao, random shot from goalie, to kane well under control ball upfront in the middle and long = goal Just Gunners things
lmao
Sorry but their is so much hate on any "minority" in this game. Peruvians, Russians, Turks, girls etc. Not saying it's okay but that's just how it is, there is no punishment for racial/sexual abuse in Dota2 and therefore thats it
In theory that would be perfect, but no way I want Alcacer out the first 60mins. In the match vs bremen he was a god, and trust me when I say the least impressive thing he did was scoring the 1-0. The guy links up like no other and creates counter situations just by himself. fucking legend already
He starts more and more and he is even better as a starter. So much link up play, barely have I seen such a technically gifted striker. He created more chances vs Bremen than Sancho for example or not directly chances but he created situations, a lot of them. Love the guy
Like we are going to sell a player to PSG for 20m€ only lmao (contract till 2021) Watzke and Susi rofl'ing in their office.
Can someone post a streamable or smth. not working in germany, again :(
A lot of people are scared of Gladbach in this sub and I'm not sure why. I have watched many Gladbach games this season and they just don't impress me at all, their midfield is medicore AT BEST, their defence (first of all it's not even their main defence and they were already shaky af), Sommer is a fucking god for them keeping one miracle shot after another. Not impressed by their subs aswell. + we won the last 7 matches vs them iirc ( even last year when we were fucking awful and the only real difference is Plea ) 2nd + we are playing at home, we won't lose a home game against no team. Thinking of a 3:1 / 4:1 our boys will blast off their last % today so we can all go into the holiday season with a fucking bright smile :)
Sir I think your windrunner gameplay is not quite the best, try another hero Hope I could help e: I realized now it's frosthaven, Im dumb
Yes we should sell him for that price to every other team. But PSG bosses own a damn country. 50m and we gucci
VAR????
Thats the third in a row, unlucky Marco
Damn pisczek you friggin monster. What a performance by the old man :)
Agreed. If yoi have speedy players like diallo akanji and hakimi his strategy would work so so much better.
Is Hernandez really that good? Can an atleti fan elaborate?
well what the fuck do I care about PSG, shouldnt have bought 2 players for 400 m € contracti till 21 and no need to sell a good backup like that for 20
I mean its the same with every job or school etc.
He was allowed to leave, no 70m offer = no transfer
Contract till 21. We dont need to sell, we dont need any money right now. And the think they can buy someone from our mannschaftsrat for 20 , elllllmao
online tournament in Kiev ? I dont understand my man
RIGHT NOW, we'd win both games Never know whats gonna happen in feb in terms of injuries and form
I don't understand. How? Did he hit the "throne/building" ? Isnt he focusing heroes first, all 5 of you alive, omni even with ult
If you do that Ill delete m twitch and the revenue of twitch will go straight downhill
I literally use it only for hero voice lines (which are way too silent btw)
First of all you chose the right game. Second if you dont have any highranked friends shoot me a pm with questions and scenarios and I answer as best as I can (im around 6.4k mmr)
One racist down. Good job driver
Was about to say the same. It's literally the same even in the big leagues here in Europe. Ever boss is 70+ has no idea of the current generation or what's good for the sport and whats not
Best signing was Reus doing more than 10 games per season where he outshines the whole team that played 30+more games than him.
Oh my bad, I didnt mean "that" part is the same. The part of "all their rules are governed by stubborn old idiots with no compassion and understanding" fomr the post of /u/Agni_Shaman . That's what I agreed on, obviously not the rape/sexual assault allegations. Sorry if I caused confusion (engl. is not my native tongue)
No problem dude, good luck in your future games :)
people are just dumb or dont wanna deal with tinker and well thats when tinker excells. Its like playing vs meepo but no one wants to pick a counter and then theyre mad that they lose, cant help that. Also the fact that people are too stubborn to buy this item called BoringKingBar, which compleley nullifies Tinkers hex/damage
Yes sir. we gucci
I give them one minor spot, then they crash out vs anyone who is from EU and then they disband again. Quote me in about x weeks when they had the chsnce to qualify for smth and crash out in groups or first round LB
Downvoted by EE
The bi-daily thread of 5 solo players queing into a team abusing server and prefered 2nd language. Nothing new here sadly
I mean you can make your techies unique af by putting a prismatic gem into it
200 RT left, go boys. Create random accs
Idk man. Pisczek completely oblitterated Thorgan and Pisczu is on a big decline since he's getting old. Not sure if Thorgan would be an upgrade to rapha, more like a backup for Sancho/rapha or a rotation player in case puli leaves. Watched 5 Gladbach games this season and somehow he was underwhelming in all of them
Wish Valve had ANY kind of 3rd party reporting option, or a job position or anything, literally ANYTHING other than freaking 2-3 reports a week. For someone who play 6-8 games daily, its not uncommon that there is a daily game where someone intentionally ruins, or does shit lile Venom (no my beahviour score is not F, its normal since forever I always have &lt;3 reports and around 15-25 commends) Its just sad that all we can do is click report and if we did that already in the past 24 hours and we still get matched with the same guy (happens quite frequently when you reach divine 4-5 immortal ranks) then you can do absolutely notjingz
"Toxicity breeds toxicity, no player is above that" Hello sir, I'd like to talk to you about our lords and saviors s4Head &amp; Gh
With Robbery gone that is. You know that theyll get a 1year deal after this year.
I thought I was the only one lol I always asked streamers what the hoohoo sound is and I thought I kept missing smth until I 100% the game and it never popped up :D
I think someone is thinking too highly of himself. Thats def. gonna work out in the long run, cant wait to see rabiot in my sunday league in 3 years
Go kill yourself
GabeN blessed your friend
Go que 10 times because you only have about 70 mins of playing time and you get to que 8times with that moron. Really childish that I dont want to que for 5 mins so I can reque again
The volume of hero voice lines is way too low
Yeah this only meant he doesnt feel good enough to play at 100% so he decided not to play. Look at Hummels after thr bvb match, suddenly in post interview he was ill and didnt feel fit. So its alot to better to say you cant play and I dont see anything wrong with chilling at the beach when you have a flue or smth. Its not like you need endurance or horse lungs to chill and relax at a beach with an illness
POTENTIAL As long as Uli is the chief of bayern robbery will get 1 year deals after 1 year deals. Probably until someone bites the dust
Lmao what? Is this true?
Definitely pay whatever madrid wants for hakimi so one of the sides is set for the next decade (if he wants to) and then look for another one since hakimi is playing both sides equally incredible
I wish we would use him a little more and roatate reus as soon as the score is "safe" It must be draining af to play every game the full distance. Think marco got subbed in twice this season and only once out iirc. Sergio Gomez is definitely the technically most gifted youth player I have seen in our ranks. Ahead of young mario götze, mor, dembele or even Sancho. Hes both footed, has great oversight of everything, extremely smart but he lacks speed and height. Which will still come. Think he might need an extra year until we can fully build him into the lineup
Balance in all things. -Ember Spirit
Shit sounds like its from harry Potter :D
The most boring shit game this season after our homematch vs Brüssel. Wow I yawned about 50 times in the 2nd half
I will never forget Jürgens face in our last homematch. You deserve this and so much more
why is every purchase of a player considered an "operation" nowadays... extremely annoying
Getting married in 2019 lol
Honestly I just hope they reward themselves with TI this year. Secret is just outworldly
I think sumail got baited into buying not ideal items. While aghs is extremely strong and a tier 1 item on dp since its introduction an oldschool build would have worked wonders here. Aghs was basically just a little bit of tankyness. An euls into shivas, octarine or hell even shivas ac(if doom didnt get one) would do wonders. in the last two games sumail just built for offence, he always wanted the offence before the defensive item .... but I guess thats captain hindsight
In PvP i believe so yes Also as a gym defender its not too bad, but for raids it would be the "wrong" pokemon
So with the stock cooler I should jsut run "stock" ryzen5 2600 ? no OC?
okay and another question would be, what kind of prime torutre test should I run? the smallest fft or small fft OR blend, to test stability and how it performs ?
All of the problems could be solved so fucking easy if every tournament would just get their own chest....
Okay thanks. Oh and since I will be using the same board for my next CPU which I will def overclock, I have one more tiny question. Where can I read out my core voltage? My UEFI doesnt tell me, HWinfo is also jumping up and down, CPU-Z is also "unstable". Is there a stat/paragraph a specific thing where I can see at what core voltage I am ? And do I elevate that with VCore (+0.xxx) or was that the wrong parameter to change in my bios
Still waiting for my card since 08' Seems like the waiting list will never end for me
What? Give me some messi man wtf We played madrid (both) like freaking 30 times the past 6-7 years Giiiiiiiiivee Meeeeeeee MESSSSSIIII He needs to witness a good atmosphere for once :p
In the midst of June, best weather this year so far. Everyones hyped for some pokemon go action what do we get ? the weather trio kyogre, groudon and CRESSELIA shiny and a slakoth community day with an unusable or irrelevant move. Well done niantic. To round it all up you should bring back the regis for July and August, would be hype
Wow didnt expect that
the female moukoko
We were interested him when he was 15/16 but already the his price shield was like 20m or smth ridiculous well turns out 4 yearslater he is much more worth :D
I mean every low level account I come across is divine 7 with 200 games Must be fun playing these guys as a newbie
Of course Tinker didnt make it in, in a fan voting Im super surprised Kappa But hey at least we go the 450th axe and jugg set, might aswell release another immortal for pudge or axe, they barely got one for more than a week, the janitor must be sweating like crazy. Didnt release an immortal for more than 2 mins for axe °wipes 4head sweatingly°
We'll take him. Puma is our mainsponsor and I think aguero, griezmann and reus are the face of puma, so we just collect them all in one team Thanks fam
Germany is horrendous since weather breakdown
Wtf?
Ma boy tinker always a Tier Z hero Meanwhile morph is meta for 2 years now, FeelsWeirdMan
Well then Mbappe deserves one. Was losing every ball, didnt fight for any ball, didnt fight back for ANY ball after he lost it multiple times, complaining with downgoing shoulders... That was more than atrocious I honestly cant remember a single worse performance by a single player in recent years. Tuned into the game to witness a goal festival, but it could have went the other way of Lloris wouldnt have one of his godlike days
How many times did he had the ball. i would guess 22 times? I dont think I have a single worse performance in recent mind from a single player
I just don't understand why Asia and Americas are handled differently than EU? Why do we get frugged over and over again without ANY compensation EVER. Meanwhile the rest of the world has an outtage for 2 minutes Niantic: sorry fkr the outtage, here are 20m stardust, 50 raidpasses, 7 extra days of the event Niantic to eu: we are sad to hear you cant find slakoth, you should probably buy incenses and lures from the shop to find them F you niantic
You have easily the best individual players but your team plays awful football, even in the wc your performance was not good. With players like that I would expect some kind of dominance but 99% of your goals are from set pieces
Back in the time when we had innocent until proven... Good old times. In times of sjw everyone is a rapist until proven otherwise, this world becomes a shitfest
So its auto chess? LOL
Yeah I know but the ip Dota Underlords was taken by valve months ago. Some people expected and speculated for some kind of ARPG game with Dota lore and stuff. Guess it was clear then from the very beginning that Underlords and the auto chess devs will go seperate ways
Looking forward to the 2nd leg Iceland in Turkey lol Have fun at the airport until 10mins before the match starts
Weird, it's like something similiar once already happened :thinkingface:
No? Literally the head dev team of DotA Allstars joined Valve in creating Dota2.
I would say so. The original devs are moving towards Epic and that Auto Chess will be the "original" for me. You can view it otherwise, but the Dota Auto Chess team is moving to Epic, they were the ones that made the game so famous. So basically Valve is "stealing" the concept, it s like battle royale in some kind of sense. Every big pubisher will try and ride the hype train, there are already hundreds of apps that blatantly stole the idea
yep, the comments were overwhelmingly positive back then and well guess they just said "fuck it, let's do it" here we are now lol
oh okay sorry, my bad
Going absolute ham on shiny raikou
im f'ing HYPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED
LOL THANKS NINTENDO &lt;3
I mean what ur doing is crying at the highest level. No one and I repeat NO ONE, is going to complain when raiding "oh LOL this noob only has 6 six lvl 40 kyogres withHYDROPUMP OMEGALUL" Now we obviously can't do this xxx raid. It was clear from the start that groudon and kyogre will only get outclassed by themselves when given the proper moveset
maybe good for all the long distance lucky friends you encounter at these special events. and well obv some regional pokemon
Im still hoping for a Luigis Mansion 1/2 bundle/Hd/remake for switch The gamecube was not a very widespread console here in germany. I haven't played them but they look insanely fun toplay
Wish Mcdonalds etc would be global sponsors. we barely have anything here
Brb "renting" gorgc, bulldog and grandgrant for the period of time
How do I do that ?
It actually happened in PoE aswell. Thats whyI got afterburner in the first place, to regulate my fans to a certain degree. I have a lot of heat issues. Im stillrunning the game atm with 50 fps and basically going from 85°C to 90°C. That's what I thought too, I think the rx580 should handle a game like that without even turning on actually ...
I bought the RX580 Armor MSI 8GB OC (this one: https://www.mindfactory.de/product_info.php/8GB-MSI-Radeon-RX-580-Armor-8G-OC-Aktiv-PCIe-3-0-x16--Retail-_1167761.html ) I think I bought it December from that site. I am not quite sure how the situation is there
Welcome Haller Despactio 4k GOALS, SKILLS, PASSES; ASSISTS,
Dude I was fully grown at age 14 (yes FOURTEEN). 188cm
While I think Nintendo had an amazing E3 I was kind a bummed we didnt hear anything of Town, that would be gamefreaks first non pokemon game on a premium platform
Can I get this one without text? :/
Is a chipset update the update we get when we click on radeon settings for our gpu ? So Im on 19.6.1 right now (rx580 8gb) sorry if its a dumb question im a noob regarding pcs etc
Okay so my motherboard is a x470 aorus ultra gaming. Do I just go that site and download it then ? Or does it just get updated automatically ? Thanks for your answer man
If Hummels comes back im canceling my membership. Member since 95 here...
Damn I never thought I say that but I 100% agree with Peter
As much as I would love my teammates, they said its a mutual decision, so I am fairly certain he gets a cut of TI. I dont think matu is like " oh 400k€? Na man, take it"
Same lol
While the card is amazing the problem is, people that go for "those" kind of cards. I mean top endlevel cards, probably won't buy them second hand to save 100 bucks. I would say maybe if you would go as low as 1100-1150 you should be able to sell it.
Canceling membership if this is true. Permanent member since 95
Tinker never involved in cute art PepeHands
Not only atm. He has been since 11' Just imagine we wouldnt lose 2-3 core players back in the days every year. Klopp had to deal with basically a new squad every season since 12/13. Now he had his squad for like 4 years "just" losing coutinho and he reached an EL final and 2 cl finals Envy liverpool big time
Thank you.
"Ah dw its prob the tax. The shown US prices (by AMD) are usually without tax." This has gotta be one of the dumbest things usa still has (besdies the metrics) like why on earth don't they just put the actual price of the stuff onto the price shields...
"okay then I'll just score 4 goals in the last 8 mins np dude"
1:37:29 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTIAWsROKrs put it on half speed, you see the redshoe at least 2-3 foot ahead of the other one (red shoe guy is the köln player) and then you see the ball hitting mouokokos lower belly part. It was a 100% regular goal.
streamable for us german plebs ?
There is a HUUUUUUGE difference between zeldas open world and other open world titles.
russians pubs aka EU west/east/russia literally any EU related server
Lmao group d TI winner, TI runner-up, twice minor champions back to back + tnc meanwhile group a is Secret +3
I mean we dominated 99% of the games. And yet we never won. My friends made fun of me for saying how freaking unlucky we were all the time, but they were just saying BVB is moving downwards and won't be at the top again. But I watched the games, we were the better in almost every game and yet we couldnt convert or couldnt hold a good score for us if our lives depend on it. The unluckiest football season I have seen
I dont wanna be that guy, but damn I think this is going to be one of the biggest flops in Nintendos history
Damn nice. You just download it and install it. And it's not f'ing up your GPU drivers, well done lol
I spoke with pimp on multiple occasions. He told me that Dota2 is a CPU (single core) heavy game. Hence highend intel CPUs are the best for Dota. I have a ryzen5 2600 with a rx580 8gb oc and eventhough my cpu/gpu was made far after Dota2 reborn I still don't get 140 fps consistently. Hell in fights I also drop below 70, sometimes even below 60 fps. You could have a rtx2080ti and dota will cause fps issues, it's not a really well polished game, UNLESS you have huge single core performance I barely get 130 fps and drop a ton during fights, compare to that to csgo where I have like 280 fps on maxed out settings and my 0.1% drop is still like 190, while my Dota has quite a few options "off"
Im just repeating what I was told. Pimp is also a pretty knowledgable guy (and super friendly, love you dood) about tech, especially conecerning good old dotes. But I just have checked the last Bubu VoD and she is also on "just 140-170 fps" while having a 9700k with a rtx2070. So the performance has definitely gotten weaker, I remember when Arteezy streamed he basically had consistent 250+ FPS with a 9900k setup. Seems the battlepass and the whole updates have made the game even worse than it was before. I wasnt hit that bad by that, since I still get 130 which is fine, but my 1% and 0.1% are actually low and quite frequent in teamfights. As you said, barely any of the hardware mentioned in this thread should have problems getting 200+ fps on a "4-5 yeard old title" (counting Reborn as release date) For me it's the opposite of yours, my GPU is basically at 99% load during dotes while most of my cores chill the f out
Yes it seems like it has even gotten worse. But are your numbers exaggarated ? Because 70 fps feels like impossible with a 9900k, did you OC it ? 9900k is literally the best CPU atm you can have for Dota2 and well a 1080 (not even2) should have zero problems with dotes
Yeah I just checked Bubu's last VoD and she also has around 130-170 fps with an 9700k and a rtx2070. So that's also not a lot more than I have. Seems like Dota2 is just fucked right now and everyones getting huge fps losses
Yeah, thats why I started using MSI afterburner. FeelsBadMan
Because we aren't breaking our own records year after year ? Already another 120m€+ transfer in the pipeline for next year, money is never an issue here
The only way we pay out boni is when we win the CL or the league lmao lets hope we have to pay those damn boni then
I can tell you, our rückrunde was amazing with 16 different 4lines in the back in 17 matches. went smooth and sailed the 9points lead safely to our haven... oh wait
Not old rigs, on all rigs. gorp has a 9900k and a rtx2080 and is also hovering 130-180 with a lineup like that he should be at 350 fps. Everyone here has nearly 1/3 of the FPS they would have in csgo
Hey can you update me on your linux Dota2 experience, after reading the other thread the other day, this was literally my first thought and I googled "how to dual boot linux on my windows ssd/partition" tell me if you had more fps than on windows
for "that kind of rig" oh you mean literally the best shit you can have for gaming right now? It is not reasonable to have 150 fps average on a 8 year old game with components where the cpu and gpu cost you like 1.5k-1.8k $
So now they have a dedicated mid, thus meaning that Miracle switches to 2 consistently now. Also liquid got an oldschool meepo player now, but they sure lost some "trademark" heroes in brood, veno, necro
Okay ? so because it has updates it becomes younger game? Its the same freaking assets, the same engine, nothing changes. If you have no clue what ur talking about it's sometimes better to not talk at all
I mean offensively he is reaching Marcelo levels, but defensively he is reaching my LB from my sundayleage team levels. lol
Well he can fuck off then for 100m, Manchester united rofl. spend like a billion in the past 5 years and cant qualify for the cl
Damn feels even worse now that I couldnt make it
Did you try it yet ?
Hey, first of all thanks for your reply. Is there a video/guide you can recommend so I can do all the things right ?
I actually meant installing the OS lol :D
If we dont lose a key player this would be the first time since 2010
Tbf he was voted best CB of the Rückrunde
Prolly a rx vega vega 56 8gb hbm2 From saphhire puls/nitro
Thats what many people thought of when Valve bought the rights to "Dota Underlords" Turns out it was jusz freaking autochess. I definitely would play the shit out of a game like that
Oh god I hope this is some trolling by Matu e: Rank way too high and no Pro player stat next to his name. fake confirmed
Would a theoretical t4 Raikou be do-able though?
Well tell that to Liquid lol. But agreed. Basically everyone from EU is already qualified so there is like a "free" spot to give away in EU.
There is a correlation between having a good beaviour score and being a good player. To no surprise every top mmr player has 9900-10000 behavior score. It is A SKILL to be calm, to forget about little mistakes, to not shouting at teammates consistently. You are exactly in that bracket where you belong. if he can't get himself up from 4k to6k then he is a 4k player end of story
Xddd
So Liquid traded Lycan, Brood, Veno and Necro for Windrunner, invoker (while having miracle) and meepo ? lol
Is speedform actually useable ? Or do we just stick with mewtwos, espeons and alakazams?
Damn. so basically we just had wasted ex raids for the past year then lol
strawberry pizza ?? what the actual fuck?
I mean no one is going to step down from a 30m$ tournament just for the lulz. "mutual" decision is what you say nowadays to keep the friendship-theme thing going
Everyone who played ONCE a 5v5 -cm mode does and should know that. The heroes and abilties are the same but other than that, it's like a completely different game.
We have a storm warning since a full week. It has been nothing but sunny around 30'C, no wind, no rain nothing
Hands down EVGA has the best support of all gpu sellers
Well he's just gonna buy another account or already has.
Well not losing a or multiple core player/s for the first time since 2010 is also a pretty big deal. Our team is like a training facility for the top tier 1 teams like Barca, City, Real etc. And well it looks like we DONT lose a keyplayer while getting some serious quality. Plus our squad gained a lot of experience out of the last season, the coming season is probably our best shot in a very long time. Last season was more like a surprise, everything seemed to click eventhougj our whole squas got revamped Hope this helps
I always think that way. When my stupid 6k brain can predict the next pick, hell then gods like lgd, vp, secret obv can predict the next 3. And im fairly sure I get EGs draft 90% of the time right. I think they had one shocker and that was wr mid iirc. There was also a visage5 but that's one of flys oldschool trademark heroes so nothing really out of the ordinary. Not blaming bulba here or anything, but EG drafts are relatively easy to predict, especially if you followed the tournament from start to finish. While I think Bulba is an absolute godcoach, I dont think of him as a drafter that way. I also dont understand why Fly is not drafting ? I mean the guy literally formed a stack with Miracle and went on to win 4 out of 5 Valve Majors. Its not like he is a young gun that lacks experience. Fly is one of the oldest dota2 players and obv most experienced. That copycat of psglgd coach drafting is not gonna work when your 1-2 arent as versatile as theirs. Ame has plAyed like 13 heroes in 15 matches at epicenter for example...
I think you havent been to Istanbul yet. Turkey gets a lot of shit (rightfully so) but damn. Living in istanbul with buttloads of cash must be the best. Easyily top3 city in Europe
Hmm. Compare that to Bayerns 5 away and 1 home match after CL. Look at their hinrunde, the first 12-13 matches... They were sub-optimal like susi would say. Let's hope we do better than Bayern
Really empathic guy. When you listen to him, he sounds a little bit naive, but he definitely has his heart on the right spot
You managed to do 34 raids in 3 hours? That's amazing lol
Literally the best 9 on the planet. Is never injured, does everything to win (foul, dive, complain every little touch from the defender, yes everyone hates these players, when they are not in their team), good with the head, good with his back to the goal, nearly perfect free kicks. With his physique and fitness addicition, he easily will play 6-7 more years The only player we "sold" to bayern that I wont hold a grudge on and take him back in a heartbeat
I mean the mix of Real and Barca players have been the majority of the spain national team for around 2 decades
Please no
If that would be rl, no one besides the top 0.2% of humanity would have something to eat daily
Ah the classic stand jetzt
I bought the 2020 gem pack for 7-8 euros (eventhough I saved up 47k already) Dena deserved it. They have been listening, they have been introducing new mechnaics, new game play varaints, the legendary event is better. Everything just has gotten better compared to the start where you logged in to get your mere daily 30 gems
Well I have everything that is somewhat useful, my only thought process right now is, is it worth it to dump gems in to upgrade the sync pairs. For example my Olivia is at 3/5, my blue is at 4/5, Branden is just 1/5
I think I might. Thanks for the input
One of the best posts on this subreddit and sadly has too much truth in it. All we need is IceFrog and his devs to move to a software publisher that works for its game. Just imagine having (yes Im gonna name the devil) Epic Games content ratio with the balancing of our god IceFrog. We would have 2-3 months season, with new cosmetics, game modes, heroes(which then again gets balanced by IF), etc etc and all of that while ha ving a perfectly balanced game. Eventhough the epic client is utter garbage, the love and money they invest into Fortnite is crazy, I mean it has become a worldwide phenomenon for a reason. Despite having 27m$ less prizpool. Let alone the advertising they fucking do for the game is batshit crazy.
I mean evenw ithout Liverpool they "only" would be 2nd right now. And with squad salaries and those huge buys they did, this season definitely would be a huge failure
wtf the foul looked like a season ending foul if thats true thats a miracle
Idk. I feel like Nübel is way overhyped. He isnt NEARLY anywhere close were neuer was at that age. and everyone praises him like he is going to be the next big gk superstar weird to me
Used it once, to use the repair kit on t4s w hile I was dead
I feel like when I read Tencent or Nexon the numbers are definitely not true. Same as streaming viewer numbers when taking anything except twitch into consideration
Pokemon snap Not sure if that counts since Pokemon as a whole franchise is being produced like no tomorrow but Snap was the only one in that regard on the N64
One game only just cries for Zelda BotW Easily one of the best games of the decade. There is a reason BotW won a record amount of awards for an exclusive title.
Puck, tree, snap, winter wyvern
Yeah just look at wc3 tft. it is extremely popular right now, more popular than arund 2009-2010, where people said the game is dead and tft is from 2002
Should have invited him to Dinner ffs
I used to love those GDQ streams before they went total pc.
That is exactly whats wrong with stupid people. Exactly this.
Yeah but only for bracers. Wraith bands and nulls dont have nearly the effect bracers have. I mean kunkka, magnus etc have around 1500 hp with lvl6 8-9 mins into the game. Idk something feels off, but thats just my opinion
Love BürKING but boy, can he for my sanities sake please start training how to pass balls. He is phenomenal on the line and also strong in corners but man his passing is extremely underwhelming
Tbf the game is actually pretty good compared to the previous versions imo. People are just little crybabies over the national dex. Seems like Im one of the few that welcomed that change.
One tip: Freya Stein (also huge NaVi fan) but she also does other stuff during Dota2 tournaments/livestreams
dont forget me when you become a p-star
while I agree with r6 siege is also rpetty hard to get into. The conecept of the game is one million times easier to understand, pick a gun, shoot people and try to not die. Dota on the other hand...
Thank god
Thats all because of the dropshipping stuff and e-commerce Basically what they do is they buy stuff from aliexpress for example, sell it for 4-5 times the amount with a newly created website which is immensely generic. The logo/website is mostly created by some poor dude on fiver for 10bucks and yeah thats it.
TI6 had Wings in it tbf. They literally picked techies/pudge in the same game in TI finals. They had different bans and picks every single game
First step of fixing dota is removing Bracers from the game
None. LEts say you have a 9900k oc'd to 5ghz and 2 rtx2080TI or 2 Titans. you still cant have constant 240 fps, let alone 360
Poor student from Germany reporting in :D I'd like to win a code if possible
Not gonna lie they looking fucking nice
I learned about that when I played hearthstone. A very commonly used card was Loot Hoarder and everytime you played him he said:"Mind if I roll need?" and I didnt understand that reference at all untilI found out its when ur finishing a dungeon ? you drop items but some items are shit and you can then take greed and the item rerolls or smth like that is that correct?
smurfs have also ruined Dota in general not only battlecups lol
smurfs have also ruined Dota in general not only battlecups lol
I mean 442 is a system, so is 4222(rbl plays that a lot)
Yep let's make twitch have only white male emotes. Then there is gonna be an outcry why there are no black twitch emotes Think before you type
Well iirc its the first time a "tier 1" team is competing in their tournaments. People like to jerk off all about give t2 scene some money but right now the t2 scene is mostly the top100 leaderboards players jumping teams left and right until one of them has some kind of success. Thats why its unattractive for spectators, since you basically dont know who plays who and who is in what team atm, since it can change any moment. The teams really dont grow together and learn together, a guy thinks he has got a better offer from team xyz and immediately abandons his team to join the new one etc. Really glad for WePlay though. I honestly thought they deserved the major slot this year. Dreamleague Stockholm was okay-ish and they got Leipzig aswell.
First why is Sancho listed here among strikers only lol Second, the PL just had their 22nd matchday while we at the BuLi or other leagues are nowhere near that. Bundesliga is at MD17. Thats 5 matches alone
There is smth really wrong if you cant bring home a 28k lead and a 41k lead home, especially when those games you have naix/qop lvl 30 and in the other one you have a fully slotted specter against drow.
whats crazy to me is how freaking long RP lasts when Rubick casts it. like a solid 5s aoe bkb piercing stun. (+the lift drop at the end)
Ana is in the hyperbolic time chamber. He only comes out of it to win old Valve Majors or TIs
Pretty sure ana is not playing
So right after the Leipzig Major
Man if they play anything like this in real tournaments with that chilled, fun AND competitive atmosphere im super jealous. must be a treat to play every single game
Because we throw more and more money at them each year eventhough they do less and less work. You would do the same. Imagine getting a 50% raise for half the work, you'd take in a heartbeat
That's bs which is only reported by english media. 18.5m for Haaland. 5m for Raiola and 5m for Senior Haaland has been reported by very close sources to Dortmund.
While you are obviously right. I mean 3/5 of the back to back TI winners are coaching you. If you dont listen to them, who do you wanna listen to then. For a decade no one could win two TI, then they come around and win it not only twice but back to back. I suggest everyone watching the entire game from one of gorgcs VoDs, you get so much insight on how they communicate and how they predict things. Things like shown in the clip have been occured severeal times during that game.
I mean it's not like Gorgc was hanging out or playing with Ramzes, ever. It's just some fun banter.
Dude the first thing I read was FaZe lol
Boy what would I pay for an "adult" version of pokemon. Make a PG16 anime and MSG, Id be the happiest human on earth. I loved pokemon since the very beginning but the fact that it never "proceeded" story-wise is a shame tbh.
Tiny works too.
They def found a way around it I just had a match where the guy was 42-13 and was divine 4 already. In under 60 matches Like how does a bot not detect shit like this e: He got immortal in 70 matches; https://www.dotabuff.com/players/913535779 clearly a new player who is jsut a god at the game, if he continues progressing at this rate, im looking forward to TI10 which should be an easy 1v9 win
Well now ur friend is not only ruining his games but also the game for potentially 9 other players everytime he q's. And so the circle begins, someone complains about smurfs, the next guy about an acc buyer etc etc. Im for hardware bans since a long time. Idgaf about LAN cafes, Dota2 runs on toasters nowadays, if you cant afford to have your own dumbed down PC you should set other priorities in your life
not nice at all. he ruined a minimum of 70 games 70*9: he ruined games for 630 players
Who under the age of 30 uses facebook lmao
No signature move, no raids. sry
I see no smurf change, thus Dota2 will continue to fall.
Hello sir.
I love Valve man. Smurfing is relevant more than ever. What MM change does Valve "implement" "Role ranked is only available for old fast q games" Just when I thought Dota2 cant get more toxic (especially for mid players) they remove role q when u dont have "fast q" games dear lord. Cant wait for IceFrog to leave Valve
This is adorable
Upamecano should be on everyones list tbh
Favre is a sonf of a bitch. Reus has been shit since 12+ games, Akanji has been utter shit since 2019, Pisczek CANT play RCB and then we buy a pure 9 to sit him on the bench. Hope the moron gets sacked asap e: love the downvotes, give me more. Fucking retards. Think you guys understand anything about football? :D gogo hype our shit playstyle more and more, you morons also thought Pulisic was good lmao
What bothers me here is that you didnt mango and already started casting your Q (or at least the animation just in case). Ink swell must have JUST killed him, it must have been extremely close. Nevertheless heads up play
Trent KEKW
enlighten me then I will correct you afterwards
What I miss are analysis with actual pro player or ex pro players. No offence to kyle but he is jsut meme'ing aber spitting out some random ass shit predictions. Black is also just babbling random stuff + not really a pro player in my eyes. For example 7ckingmad during ESL one Frankfurt was insane or ppd dropped in a few times at tournaments to analyze aswell. I miss that! Nowdays somehow everything is about meme'ing, dont get me wrong I love me some memes here and there but constantly spitting out twitch emotes and casually talking how caster xy fed yesterday on void or some shit is just not entertaining
Its sad when an 18 year old game (which is designed for 1v1) has a better Team/Clan/Guild channel than the biggest esports prize tournament 10yrs in a row game. Wc3 BNet
It was extremely bad tbf
can you post part 1 in the comments sir?
Top earner is Reus who gets 12m€. Then we have 2 players(Götze/Witsel) at 10m and the rest hovers mostly around 5m
If Valve would structure their Majors/Minors probably Leipzig would be the very first Major of the DPC season. TI should end the old DPC season and then there shouldnt be a Major coming up on the same TI patch (with tweaked numbers a handful of heroes). September through December should be reserved for 3rd party TOs. TI9 ended 25th August, CLOSED qualifiers for Chengdu were already on the 4th October. That's barely above a month between those dates. When you wanna practise and bootcamp for the qualifier thats again minus one week. Valve is just fucking up on too many ends. OG is actually doing it right. Im pretty sure they would have wanted to participate in the Leipzig Major but haven't figured things out yet with ana up until that point.
I know mate. I am from EUw :D
Sounds perfect to me. If you need a 16x zoom and 5 minutes to figure out Reus left toenail is offside then it's not offside and not an advantage of any kind. Offside, the rule itself was made for the reason that one guy should not be chilling in the opponents box and wait for random longball and thus binding at least 1 defender. Right now it is: Reus pubic hair was offside and clearly gave him advantage --&gt; VAR overruled -&gt; Goal disallowed.
Tbh if Reus could tap-in a Ball into an empty goal Sancho would be hovering over 20 by now. Not sure what happened with the captain but his whole season has been a disaster so far. (And he even has 9 goals + 4 assists) Those numbers should at the minimum be doubled if he'd be anywhere near his level of last season Impressive by Müller nonetheless. Never understood the hate of so many bayern fans towards him
CL 12/13 were the best dont @ me
I mean if he could for ONE fucking game leave Reus on the bench and see how it goes. Dont fucking downvote, all the kits I have since 13' has his name on it but Reus is fucking awful the entire season. Despite having 9 goals AND 4 assists those numbers should be minimum doubled if he would be ANYWHERE near his level from last season. Reus has missed sooooooo fucking many 100% clear cut chances in 18 matchdays, its unbelievable. And sadly it's not like his workrate is impressive either. Every 3-4 games he goes back to tackle someone to initiate a counter attack which then again upfront he defends for the enemy. Since 8-9 matchdays in our bvb whatsapp group we call him the Libero of every team we face, because he thwarts so many sitautions for us. I hate to say it but his mentatlity is lacking big time as a captain, after so many points lost in this season he goes to every freaking interview after the match and comments on everthing. He should focus on playing and leading the team. Not giving post-game interviews after every draw/defeat
Its Akanji and Pisczek in the back. And Reus upfront. All 3 were shocking for most of the season
Oh boy :D
There are literally a handful of players who went for 100m or more How in earth is 100+m cheap? Maybe cheap compared to his potential but with 100+ m you can buy 2-3 extremely good players Stop pretending that this is some pocket or change money. Plus his clause is activated at his last season. For a guy with a 1 year.contract getting 100+m and you call it cheap lmao. Time to get out of your ass
Germany
Valve Majors!!!
Literally no one ever said he is going to be replaced lmao ??? Nor were there ANY rumors. The only questionable player is/was ana
I was not one of them but to defend crit he had to play a split5 with zai That was just putting two of the best western 4s in one team and hoping they figure shit out. Theres a huge differencr playing 4/5
No offence to Arsenal but Upamecano is ready for the big clubs in Europe. He is extremely good for his age, still wondering why not more teams are after him.
Because it tries to compete with apple and samsung flagship phone prices while having far inferior hardware. The 4XL should have been prized 800€ MAX
There is no way we splash 100m onto a single player. NO WAY for at least another 5-6years
PepeHands The best carry in the history of dotes :(
Best case scenario is you getting kicked after winning TI And after that you dont care, you won fucking TI.
This to me looks like a classic Müller goal Dozen mistakes add up, some slapstick and then müller turns up for a tap-in
Thats why we TI in NA is always the best. A NA team wont make it to the finals day of TI. Problem solved
Come on klopp go for the treble wtf Use a b team for one league game, the league is finished anyway...
Thats what I dont get lol The 2 games they won were basically 75%abed, 20%crit and 5% the other 3. Fly (or whoever is drafting): lets give our most flashy player the least flashy hero in the game
Out of 60 gifts so far I have gotten 3 RC 1 candy per 20 opened gifts seems meh
Rip my hero. This has gotta be the worst GPM talent into dumpster change. Already the other talent kept (manacost reduction) getting picked more and more and now this lmao. What a joke
Well it pierces bkb. With AWs attack range you can always cancel a bkb blackhole fot example, hex cant
That is assuming the opponents just decide to chill in motM. This has gotta be the worst GPM talent change in this patch. Tinker was already heavily underpicked/not picked at all(except w33ha, who really isn't good at the hero) and my boy gets dumpstered more and more
I mean Topsons first big lan was TI8 The guy barely played a handful of Tournaments and well won two tis back to back. This is an insane and absurd story to tell.
I mean they are the onl 5 players to win two tis and they did it back to back. Their legacy is already immortal and all 5 of them will be named GOATs of the game for their entire careers
Thats exactly what I thought what is going to happen.
I hate to see it honestly. Now you wondering why? Well this just shows HOW MUCH we can do with the dota2, the possibilites are endless, but we only get these kind of moments once per year. The Dota2 universe could make a big splash on all of media franchise if done correctly. I really really hope at TI10 there will be a huge announcement for whats coming next. And no I dont mean 2-3 new heroes and a new map layout or some shit. I mean something reaaaaaaaally big
Definitely plays DotA/HoN/Dota2 a lot longer than a decade. I'd guess around 15-16 years now
Yeah, my bois and me also went "ooofff" thats definitely not something you wanna hear. "hey man can you just play like lionel messi ffs" MC must have been devastated
Liquid have awaken the monster. Proceeds to stomp the enemy midlaner/team with Pugna, MK and Gyro
Gotta be some BS 10m wages for a dude who is benched since ~2years
fixed
Ive been waiting for exactly this. I have around 30 mons PvP ready (good IVs or well in pve regards bad ivs) and they've all wait for a 2nd move
While I agree 100%with you. You have to keep in mind OG was not one ANOTHER level they were lightyears ahead of the competition. Hell they could play chen mid and would probably still steamroll Liquid. I told myfriends in voice about the same Ceb told OG "they nearly got their asses whooped with a 22nd pick meepo free game, then they lost with their comfort Tide/Ta opening" at that point the mental warfare was already won by OG and you saw it in the last 2 games which were basically just absolute stomps. Even when people wanna tell you otherwise for the 4th game where they "lost roshan" and all outter towers. They literally just chilled their lives and camped their base until ana got his aghs/15, then they went from their own t3 straight to Liquids throne. Liquid was on a hard timer As said OG was miles ahead of their competition. And well dont talk about teamfight coordination, that was somewhat perfect
If both are hypothetically equally good on TA/MK, ta wins the lane 9/10 times. But Topsons MK is lightyears ahead of w33has TA thats how a creepscore like that comes together.
he streamed a bit like 2-3 weeks ago, it was 9,1k iirc
best 4 of all time most likely. Him and crit absolutely changed the way how the non-sacrifical support (pos4) have to play Dota, beginning with the Frankfurt Major in 2015/16
you are right. It literally didnt matter what they pciked. OG was completely on another level, hell godson prolly could have pulled of a desolater chen mid at that point in time and it would work
Im at 6,4k (EU) and TA is my 4th most played hero. If ure psi blading correctly MK has no business
because leddit looks at laning. Sees he's getting dumpstered and then proceeds to make posts here "LUL FLOPSON 6cs after 10mins and died twice" the impact he has in other games is not noticeable, because you just see and hear "oh but ana is farming really good and has a free game" well well why would the casters think that is? thats because mr flopson runs around the map like a maniac and creates chaos. So his safelaner gets more and more space
I would say Im pretty invested into the Dota2 scene and apart from Skadilicious I havent heard from anyone. Hope thats a good sign
When you thought Reus was made out of paper than paco is made of hmmm... he's really injury prone
Hopefully he takes his spot back next to Mats... I really cant watch anymore Pisczek/Akanji in the 3CB row
I mean his numbers in the past 3 years have been nothing but insane He is scoring messi-amount of goals. If he has a brain he stays with us in the A team minimum 2-3 years. Dont forget Donis Avidaj, who had similiar amount of goals in the youth teams and now his contract js being terminated at every club he goes. He has to stay humble and down to earth, otherwise he will end up in the turkish 2nd league faster than he can say Messi
Give 2-3 Valve majors. Give those majors battlepasses so they get more €/$, use sets of workshop artists so they get more money. Invest all of that into a heathy scene and we done.
It was WAY too much. Honestly there was a time when Liquid (ex nigma) played VP and Secret and those matchups occured like 4-6 times per week. Like it was nothing special anymore 3rd season def. the worst out of all for players and spectators
Definitely not true. When Valve is smart, they end the Dota season with TI. If they host another Major the same year then we are done for again. Most they could do is play Qualifiers in early-mid december and host the first Major in January but not earlier. Leipzig this seaosn should have been the first major. I mean TNC got 12th place this major and won the first one where a lot of the good teams were still on a break. They didnt even get upper bracket and the only ones they beat were SEA teams in the playoffs to get their placing. Not firing shots towards them but you get the point
Thankfully we have Haaland now who just outscores the mistakes by both of them.
No he would most likely be the right CB (pisczeks position atm) In the middle there is hummels because he is still the best german CB and his passes are deadly (watch last game highlights) he pre-assisted the 1-0 and assisted the 2-0 with long balls.
actual content wtf
What keyboard is this?
Im literally a student (who is luckily enough to pass nearly every exam with barely learning anything) who has the most time imagineable. It just is no fun, to see 3-4 matchups every single week. Imagine Real Madrid plays PSG and Bayern every week. That's just getting boring, but hey at least you were here to blame senselessly. Just like in your Dota game I suppose lol
I wanted heatmaps for like 5 years now. It would be interesting to see how different cores have different ideas of how and where to farm with specific heroes.
You mean his first go with Secret? There were no majors yet, but leading to TI Team Secret has won 5 "big" LANs in a row. Then at TI5 they got top 8 after losing in the LB to VP
Idk if it's just me. But there are barely any treasures or am I in the wrong here?
Turns out complaining on their official bug forum (reddit) DOES make an impact. Cool Valve, really cool!
syllabear, enigma, furion, lycan or you can just build a necro1 as a midas replacement
Guys a little offtopic, I wanna breed a lot of 7ke ggs right now. But I HATE the adventure box deal right now. Do you think there is chance they switch up the boxes before the event ends?
Fixed amount of + points for and lose point. Elo system only works when both have equal requirements. They do not in GBL. You can have "the best" team and still lose 5 matches when you get countered all day. You go 4-1/4-1/4-1/0-5 and bam all progress is gone. It is just stupid that you get +3 points sometimes for a set and lose 40 in the next. !?!?
Day1, literally went up and bought one at 9AM when the store opened. Never had a single problem while treating my switch like keys. throwing it around in the case, never a joycon drift, using it in handheld and TV mode. basically im doing anything and it is stable AF
what the actual fuck?
And that is the problem of Elo-rating in a game like Pokemon Go or especially in GBL. Elo-rating are for competitions with the same preconditions. You can be a 2500player and lose to a 2000 player, even when you are the "clear better player" (which is debatable rating 2200+ upwards) when you get matched against bad matchups, then there is only so much you can do to swing that match. GBL needs fixed +20/-20 (or chose another number but they need be fixed numbers) for positive/negative sets
Man if this number 125 doesn't get in (the wasp/bee Tinker set) I am going to be extremely mald
Will miss him as soon as he "disappears" in a week or so
Well great.... right after I cashed in my 2 5 star voids and two level 2 techies
Not picking the Tinker wasp set is a disgrace buddy.
HELLO ART DOOR
I mean last season was close, it was literally decided on the final matchday. Also this season was very close. Imagine us winning at home with fans vs Bayern, we would be a single point apart.
Sadly true. This should have been 11/12 all over again. But you cant lose to Union Berlin, blow a 3-0lead at the 79th minute to a 3-3 at home, lose in Hoppenheim in the last 3 mins despite them being completely afk, being down 0-3 to Paderborn at home. Those alone are roughly 10 points. I mean...
He also has the best dortmund aside from the team of 12/13
what is a good masquerian Grid?
If you mean by that, that Lloris had more saves in those 2 matches against us than in the other two previous entire CL runs then you are right, they wrecked us.
While he might have the highest ppg, we have also remind ourselves that Favre has the best Dortmund side in the history of the club, aside from a single season 12/13 season. Not only that, we are also the "richest" we have ever been and for the first time since 2011 we haven't sold a key player in the beginning of the season. I have read in the /soccer thread that without Klopps first two seasons he would be at 2.15ppg, which is insane since we have lost key player after key player each season. And also we were nowhere near as good financially back in early 2010s I'm fairly sure that we will have LF as our coach next season and im really curious how the 343/3421 develops next season. As it stands right now, we have lost 6/6 titles in those two years with a strong Dortmund side and at the same time we had a struggling Bayern side those 2 years, which most likely won't occur a 3rd time in a row. I am not a fan of Favre, I am also not a hater. just my "objective" 2 cents
It's mostly the away games vs big teams. Vs Barca 1 goal, vs Inter 0goals, vs Bayern (x3) 0 goals, vs spurs 0 goals, vs PSG 0 goals, vs Atletico 0 goals and this is something you have to fault Favre for. In two years we have like scored 1-2 goals against bigger teams when we are away. For a team that screams offence that's a pretty low number a REALLY low number.
It is not biased when it's facts. Yes I forgot the Barca goal, I also said that we scored 1-2 goals away in 2 years against big teams and that is a fact. It doesn't matter if we win 10-0 at home, when we lose 11-0 away. Our score against big teams AWAY is around 1:22 Inter, Bayern, Tottenham, Barcelona, PSG, Atletico. Even if we take out the embarrassing presentations of the Allianz Arena away we are at 1:13 in away games vs big clubs. And you talk about being biased lmao. If Inter was a knockout stage we would not have advanced, we won 3:2 at home and lsot 0:2 and had to pray that Barcas B-team would draw/win (which they did) So please before you talk about bias again, pull your head out of your ass
I mean boost for what? We are 7 points ahead of non CL spots with 4 matchdays. i doubt we suddenly lose three
The reason other games have these kind of resets, is because they start a new season, a new gameplay patch or in general a huge change in "smth". Right now how Valve is doing it " ahh lets give them an mmr reset every 8-9 months for the lulz"
Only important question does "giftable" work ?
On a side note, on which site you buy your gotchas?
Gigantamax Eternatus (from the "final" PokemonSw/Sh fight) would max out at around 9700 (but in no world we will get that :D)
the divine1 player was a girl maybe it was used for more exposure "oh look even girls play dotes" but idk, could be wrong
You can search your friendlist with the keyworkd "giftable" and then it shows all the friends you can still gift a gift. Unfortunately this feature since it has been implemented hasn't worked yet. (if im not wrong it was implemented 3 patches ago)
There was a match where I played vs SB/Omni + PL with satanic sny and titan sliver. It was the most annoying thing ever
is there a way for me to get Acerola to sync lvl 2 (I must have missed/skipped her event) Would she still be usable without sync lvl2?
My thoughts exactly. God forbid I don't expect anyone to upgrade every year or even every 2nd year. But Android 5 is from 2014. That was SIX years ago. I don't wanna sound mean or anything but when you are using a phone from 2014 and expect everything to work etc then you most likely have other issues that are more important to take care of other than whether Pokemon Go is running or not.
Same here with Pixel 2XL, never had any issues iirc.
To follow up on the first senence. IF there will be a Gible day, it will come with a special box (1200coins) with a Charged/quick Elite TM which you could use for your evolved one.
I dont wanna sound rude. But when you expect a six+ years old phone to work properly with everything. Im fairly certain there are other areas in your life that need some work. Not saying everyone needs to upgrade every year or 2nd year. But Android 5 is on some devices that are 8+ years old...
As of now maybe, the reason could be because of all the old hardware holding niantic back. Again I dont know for sure, just my guess as an SE
You know there are coming phones for 200-250 bucks out every year right? you dont need to buy a flagship phone and flex the newest iphone or whatever. Technology evolves and will always evolve, Im not expecting running a game from 2020 on my laptop from 2013. Those people do however. Old hardware and 32bit systems may have held niantic back up until now. We dont know. If you can't afford to spend that small amount of money for a hobby that you're more or less playing daily (I would assume when you are here on TSR) then yes I think you have other areas to work on other than Pokemon Go. (This comes from a mid 20 dude that finished his masters thesis 3 months ago, so Im not drowning in cash). Calling me shallow doesn't make you look any better btw.
do you have any recommendations dude?
For the first time in the pandemic im below 100 pokeballs, so yes most likely
Exactly this. If anyone expects deinos, gibles and axews hopping around they are delusional 😅 What we could be getting is one extremely rare quest "spin 30 pokestops" and getting one of the rarer dragons
oof
Could you / or somebody post a video of this? I tried that now multiple times and either im extremely unlucky or im pressing the moves in a wrong order
at around rank9 is also where people "skill" peak in this game. Coming from a guy who reached 2972 pts last season. At that rate everyone is an expert at counting fast moves, knowing when charge moves are ready, when to sac swap, when to farm down, when to stay in even if you might have a bad lead but your other 2 mons arent great either vs the lead etc etc. I feel like at rank 8 last season (after calibration my elo rating was at2100 at the start of the season) people are not so great at many things. They know which mon counters what but they dont have that small edge and knowing tiny little details. So it might not be your team but more like you're outclassed at that rating. Try to observe how they are behaving when having a bad matchup and try to think why they are doing it (assume it is the correct play)
Well I think my grandma could be Rank 1 too when I dont need any engery and can just Rock Slide after Rock Slide. I really really hope this dude gets banned and no more access to his account.
After the setup you dont use gust on skyla? Just clawitzer and houndoom use moves ? thanks for the answer
Will try that out. Thanks a lot :)
I activate the magic card pot of greed It allows me to draw two more cards from my deck
Dota2 RPG game when?
So when Enteis coutner is at 1 he will use flamethrower and I will use Hypnosis ? correct ?
What lucky skills did you have on the Pokemon?
And our series continues VAR rules are the following " that outcome that Dortmund doesn't want" Other than that there is NO way to explain the last 5 bundesliga matches
Well the past few matchdays, every situation was against us. And literally all of them were blatantly wrong. Its not even like "ah could have, maybe decisions" clear cut WRONG
While that is true he often said that his head game needs the most improvement (no homo)
Hummels and Zagadou are pretty much set in that back3 line. The other one is occupied by pisczcek (who is really old so there is a chance for Akanji, Balerdi or another youngster)
So 10% of americans think the earth is flat Next time someone asks me abaout americans Im just gonna say "lol all these morons think the earth is flat" Got it, thanks fam
Opposite story for me. Im low immortal around 6.5k.mmr and all I do is face archon/ancient players. I basically won all 3 games alone, none of the matches were even remotely close
The vast majority of smurfing is done in high ancient to mid divine (basically hitting Immortal at 5.6 and then selling)
I think for steven you have to aim for 2/5 at least.
I havent even used Cynthia My first team was skyla, clawitzer and palossand Second team I trapped entei with masquerain and badly poisoned with crobat. The other 2 team i just stalled. Reflect, wide guard, sp/def/def up, potion up and then he killed himself through poison and trap
Gl dude. 2/5 steven really changes the unit. Maybe you still have your 5*candy and can use it on Steven.
Well right after my lvl 10 guild had the 600 and 400 ancients in a single week Fuck you Valve. We had to abuse poor people in mm just because of these quests.. the game was over min 30 and we just didn't let them put of the base and prolonging the game near endlessly. We farmed 189 ancients in a single match
Please no. Come on psg/barca/liverpool/real where you guys at, fam? Dont do me like that
Of course w should. Our board already made the mistake with paco and what happened? We lost the league in the first half, because we dont have a 9 and cant score for shit when everyones passing around like crazy. When/if Haaland gets injured, do you wanna see thorgan or reus at the 9 again? No, no one wants to see that shit. Guys who never played football wont maybe understand it but every good striker has that special movement, that special nose for the right runs and knows where to stand etc. You cant learn that, that is smth thaz you build from youth levels up until youre 18-19.
Oke now you use masquerain, crobat and +1 filler that feints fast. You restart as long as its needed so your crobat badly poisons the entei, your masquerain uses infestation to trap entei and then use masquerains 2nd attack to lower enteis sp.atk until all mons faint. Your 3rd group then goes in (maybe Red if you have him) with a buffer like maincharacter torchic and probopass with Wide guard. You attack with red obv all the time and buff up, as soon as wideguard is used just buff defences and watch entei kill himself + your strikers damage
Cause whole england is in a shithole state due to covid19
Couldn't agree more. I would even go as far and say Schürrle was a better transfer than Schulz
A failure (my opinion) This is the first time since 2011 where we havent lost any keyplayer and not only that we also good very good and expensive signings. And what did we achieve? Less points than last season (even if we win it all), lost to Werder LOL in the dfb pokal(again), lost to bayern twice, scored 1 goal and conceded 23 goals against big teams in away games over both seasons. Lost the ucl in the round of 16 against a bunch of merchants. So hundreds of millions euro, no title, no final, not progressed any further than last year in all.competitions (play wise we did I would say),
I might be the only one, but if Crobat could get some more damage in his grid. Like amp the damage to poisoned targets or smth along those lines. That would be nice
You must be new here. The red team with the bavaria emblem is allowed to do shit no one else is allowed.
Love how blatantly obvious the dfl&amp;dfb shove the titles up in Bayerns ass. Yes they are the best team, yes they have the best squad but that doesnt mean they should always win. If we go by that the past decade in the CL should be dominated by Barca. But damn its getting insanely annoying that bayern is allowed to do shit every single fucking match that no team else could even think of. Bayernbonus somehow got realer with VAR than before and its mindboggling
They were 7 points behind Gladbach (lol) they still had TWENTY matches to catch up and a direct duel Stupid statement imo
That is still insane for someone who hasnt played a single second in a topflight league
This. With this squad AND TT or JK and we would be Meister 5 weeks ago. First time in a decade where we dont lose a keyplayer and yet we play a worse season than last for some fucking reason
Well there is a bee set in the collectors cache 2020 which I hope you all voted in
Bring them back, but bring also back harder levels for more vouchers. The hardlevel would be even a breeze for lvl 100 mons
Even from lower levels. You snatched my teammate from us :P Its Griesbeck or how we called him "Sebi"
Not over the line because we have to wait till Jude becomes 17years old on 29th of June.
+ pimp oberservin oh and Fogged &lt;3
please, never again link a freaking facebook stream
We had this fiasco with Android 10 aswell around 9-10 months ago Just dont update guys
As of now there is only one right answer and that's Kimmich. The guy is more of a leader than all the veterans at Bayern right now. Insanely intelligent oversight, loves to fight for the ball, incredible technique (I mean just look at the goal vs us...), always has the eye for his mates and can shoot himself. Brandt/Kimmich on 8/6 with a fluent switch between the two. If you would ask me 1-2 years ago it HAS to be Lewy. He is the best striker for like 6-7 years now. He obv wasn't considered best of the best because he played for us until 14'. You have to play at a "top"team to be a topstriker. He already was insanely good back with us but yeah. he is getting older, although his physique is incredible I would say we have a pretty good 9 rught now and Kimmich is "future proof"
I mean they are even using the exact same engine for LoL this is just LoL (probably dumbed even further down) and replaced the hero/champion skins with Pokemon skins/attacks
hello good sir
Basically Tönnies happened And all went to shit
After his behavior with Ceb, I have lost all my respect for him.
I heard there are other continents which are more than fine. We have events with up to 200 people here in Germany. And we are one of the best if not the best country dealing with covid19. Most of Europe is actually fine apart from Sweden and even there it's not nearly as bad as it is in the US.
I couldnt agree more. I cantblieve a 300 cp weedle needs a superball and a berry paired with a great curveball most of the time eventhough I caught it around 5000 times already. Gold medals are a joke tbh. If we dont get Diamond-&gt;Platin-&gt;Crytal or whatever more rating Idk... Even some events are filled with starter pokemon. 99% of them are useless without the CD move and yet they require ultraballs. Or the mons u mentioned they are definitely a pain in the a** Im lvl 40 x4 and yet some of the most basic pokemon are basically uncatchabale with a quick pokeball
Not sure what the english translation is "reputation damage" does that make sense? But honestly If I was Zyori I would start a lawsuit ASAP against both Ashni &amp; Kips. The damage they have done with their delibarate accusations, after literally using Zyori to get a foot into the scene basically "fucking themselves" into the scene is outrageous. This is nearly unfixable damage unless a court says "no you didn't rape person x/y" and I would insist on it if I was him. It is unbelievable with what women can pull off in 2020 and get away with that without any punishment. It is plain worrying.
Wwhats stevens best 3/5 grid ? Just got him to 3/5 from 2/5
Are you insane? I hope Zyori files a lawsuit against Ashnichrist&amp;kips. They were the ones who fucked their way into the scene while Zyori thaught they were on a normal date. What they did is damaging his reputation or doxxing whatever it's called. Zyori was close to being fired from all of his contracts because some girl thaught there was a power dynamic in their relationship
Its actually better than ours if you do the numbers. For a ONCE with real money paid incubator which costs around 1,50€ which is like 2$ max. You get 2 permanent incubators for the rest of your life. And you can buy a 3rd one which will be available for 14 days and hatch faster. But lets take the 2 incubators and use them for 4 eggs. 50% of eggs can be incubated at all times. If you pay ONCE for more storage (which doesnt really make sense) you can have 2 out of 8 eggs hatch permanently which is still 25% . What do we have in Pogo? 1/9 all the time and you can only buy more. Masters &gt; PoGo
Does "giftable" work?
I would be fine when it would stop roll the skill you already have and/or the skill you JUST pulled with the last cookie.
I always finish all 4 so the exclamation mark disappears lol hate it when somethings "unfinished" ;D
I don't think you understand my point. My point literally has no negative impact on us players only makes our sought after skill more likely
I mean they even used the same engine as lol. It's literally the same game, same animations, look at the vector targeting it is LITERALLY the same, but instead of champions you have pokemon skins. And they announced it as a big project with its own presentation. if it would be "one of the" presentations on the first pokemon presents no one would bat an eye
Huge fan when I saw it first. But with that logo, a rectanle im done. How am I supposed to watch the matches without crying out in laughter
We need an Adrian Ramos kind of player. He was such a perfect 9 as a sub. Never complained, always did his job, when he came in you could rely on him getting in on those headers and long balls
A friend also wanted us to get Klostermann and boy was I happy he renewed at RB. Idk the guy barely has one foot and its not even half as good as raphas. I think he is the kind of guy that swims with the hype of the team and will rather sooner than later be replaced witht he very first signing they do for his position
Enlighten us
That'sa ctually nice. Cans will def drop in Summer, because right now that are his Juve wages. Götze was completely wasted 120m€ per year. That will be gone too. Reus 12m€ we most likely dont have to pay anyway the majority of the time because he is injured. So basically only Hummels&amp;Brandt are our biggest earners
So is it better to stay as a sexual offender in the publics eye? Look what they did to Johnny Depp. This is exactly the same. Depp got fired from pirates of the caribbean and from all of his on-going contracts. Depp was being witchhunted through hollywood until he "won" the case against Amber Heard
If you're ill/injured for more than 6 weeks the insurance pays half of his salary until fit again. (german healthcare)
Hmm I think conte plays with a 4 line at the back and Hakimi is TERRIBLE at that. I mean if he is signed as a winger okay but as a fullback in a 4line he is actually shit. I love Hakimi but his defensive behavior in a 4-line is worse than most 2.Bundesliga defenders. But his obvious pro is his pace. Really interested to see how this develops e: mistaken Conte for someone else, Conte plays with a back 3
Maybe I mistaken him for someone else. My bad
That would fit Hakimi perfectly then. I must have mistaken Conte for someone else, my bad.
I dont watch a lot of full 90 mins games but I watch the highlights from dazn ~7 mins every single time.
Reports from Dortmund t1 sources say that he will sign his contract on 29th because that's when its his Birthday and he becomes 17 years old. (old enough to sign a professional athlete contract in Germany)
Oh lol. I thiink both parties are happy with the outcome. You guys got yourself a young pacy,agile winger and we get a bunch of needed cash for our next wonderkids. I miss him as a character since he was always 100% professional and likeable. He did learn german very well and quite fast, that means a lot to german fans where players try to accept the culture here. You could say for the 64m we bought Brandt and Haaland, after that you cant really be mad as a Dortmund fan
Hummels and Morey are playing this match, the other 9 not so much
Silver pinaps and that's it honestly
This is one of the reasons I started tanking. GBL is sadly NOT a way to compete with the best, because Niantic is too cheap to get some actual servers and a good way of measuring skill instead of using the elo format in a game like GBL. This is not chess lmao or actual esports @Niantic Somehow they managed to get more bugs into the game after a 1week downtime working on bugs
I mean that already is horrible enough. There def should be a region lock.
rank 9 / 2900 elo rating last season and 90% of my matches were in MasterLeague. I might have encountered 10 Giratina-A and around 200+ Giratina-Os. Gira-A is in THEORY good in ML but not really.
and that is the weird part imo. (your last sentence) The past 5 years Dortmund has either won or be in the top4 of the Bundesliga A/B-Junioren. So I would assume our talents are one of the best in Germany, yet somehow none of them are on these extra levels of good. Pherai, Raschl, Unbehauen(not tested yet in the first team), Passlack Burnic, Ala Bakir, Knauf etc. Reyna is the first one who looks promising and can be a potential starter for us. I think what's really important is that we get BVB II up on the 3rd league again where they actually play professional football
Def one of the guys that can FOR SURE be a starter for us in 1-2 years. He already shows good composure, isn't nervous at all, has a nice technique and his work rate seems high aswell. I would be surprised if he isn't at least on the bench in the majority of 20/21
It's weird thats the only rank1 mon on Pvpoke that isnt used at all or barely. I think pvpoke takes shieldbaiting too much into account for giratina-a. It is "almost" never right to shield any of Giratina charge moves .
I think no ones enjoying batrider apart from batrider players. stickyy napalm is just SO annoying
Aufgeht's Sebi!
Big yikes nigma. could have won all 3 but choked on yourself and played WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY too pussy. Not sure how you dont go highground 5v4 with a35k networth lead aegis/double cheese/double refshard
We could be like IceFrog and just "retweet"it from the previous 6 grand finals that ended 3-0
485 new basic item?? what
Nice, another Sven immortal. Not like he has 2 (or3?) already
I feel like im t he only one who enjoyes Sw/Sh fully
I feel like thats a huge buff. in a 60 mins game there are no pick offs, nor is there much fighting going on. Most of the time you just chill in some area and wait for rosh to respawn. the new hat gives you reliable gold every x seconds, and after 60 mins bounties prolly give a shitton
rumors said Bellingham will be announced today, since he turns 17 today. where is the announcement susi ? :(
Just my uneducated guess since I follow both of them on social media. But I would say Italy is very likely, they seem to like the country a lot. His wife also loves stuff about fashion and well Italy is known for that. The football which s quite a bit slower would prolly fit Götze aswell since he has become extremely slow. If he stays in Germany the media will never stop comparing him to 2012-2013 Götze
Im happy for Gunnar and the boys. Really hope they stick together
Eveything below 180m € and aki wont even answer the phone. He made it very clear yesterday. There wont be any "corona discount" quote by himself. He has better numbers than Dembele, and all that while sancho hadnt got a striker up front. With haaland those numbers will skyrocket next season.
Because Nagelsmann is not only a quality strategist like Favre, he is also quite verbal. And lets be honest, he is pulling the maximum out of his clubs. He brought Hoffenheim into CL, he brought redbull to the quarterfinals (if theyre lucky with atalanta even semis and from then on everything is possible). He is putting out great games against us despite having a weaker player on every position (exccept CB and Goalie). Name a guy you would use in our starting XI which you would replace with a RB player ( u cant name gulasci/upamecano/konate) look what happened to players who went away from his Hoffenhem none of them succeeded with one exception Süle. Wagner, Rudy, Schär, Toljan, Strobel, Habere. All of which were essential for their CL run and yet none of them made it anywhere else. Look at Shinji, Nuri, Götze,micky all players made it with us, but nowhere else. A sign of a good coach is making the best out of a player and Nagelsmann does that. Look at Salah at Pool he was basically a reject at every club he went to until Klopp made him one of the most expensive players of our time.
Ive pulled my first Gallade. Any grid recommendation for 1/5 or should I stick with my Lucario 5 star?
It kind of looks like Pokemon a tiny bit
