You know, I watched this video that was linked to /r/mealtimevideos once and I walked away from it thinking that it was just a video about a very specific subject that this particular YouTube cares way too much about, but it’s interesting to see this retort pop up every time CinemaSins gets criticized in some way. https://youtu.be/ELEAsGoP-5I
I may be wrong but in these states the gas is usually cheaper, and this is because gas stations don’t need a certain type of insurance if the attendants are the only ones pumping gas
The gif is on a loop, so when it ends he just appears back at the beginning there
Guess I’ll just make em pay to take a dump
Is that commenter a pilot that is so damn good that he can burst into the Oval Office and demand what the hell is going on? If not, it might be a bit of a moot comparison
Well now that the new Star Wars stuff is out, it’s going to become more and more fashionable to like the old EU stuff, even though it was mostly the same ol shit. People who didn’t even read any of that shit will be going on and on about how it was so much better
I don’t think you know he first thing about rank.
..... *puts down sausage and shit sandwich*
Yeah sucks doesn’t it? Oh well, life goes on and a new douchebag of the month will arise. I wish I didn’t care as much about reality tv stars back in the day as much, it didn’t deserve any of my energy and now I see that was just another industry built on the same shit that were seeing now in different forms.
The parents should be the ones people always think of first
Bang your head against a wall and pretend that dumb people will never raise children again. Other than that just live your life
We don’t want your spunk burrito!
I’m not getting paid I just showed up because I have extreme brand loyalty
Oh shit if it has a high score on RT, then it’s mathematically proven to be worth your time! People really need to lay off RT and stop using it as a metric for how good a movie may be.
“Someone explain what they find funny so I can tell you why you’re wrong”
It was a fake dong I think, or a dong stand-in. Either way, the director said he found Defoe's massive dick too distracting
See this is why Lars Von Trier won't be respected as a filmmaker, because he just covers up all the nitty gritty with movie magic just to make it work. Thunder Gun Express only came out a few years ago, but that was the best hanging of dong I have ever seen. Got totally snuffed at the Oscars though
Maybe nobody is acting like anything, and there's just a whole lot of people out there.
I'm always glad to see people up for some discussion, but this is an AMAA with literal professionals of the subject. I'd refrain from tossing out opinions and advice to other commentors in this thread, and leave it to them. This is such a nuanced subject that everybody deals with in some form, so it's easy to want to interject I understand.
I think he’s broken give him to me and I will give you a proper evaluation after approximately 10 hours of snuggles.
I think a nihilistic leader would be easier to tolerate than a narcissistic one tbh
What....exactly is your point here. I’m not so proud to admit I have no clue what the fuck you’re talking about anymore and it has nothing to do with me feeling superior to you. I’m not superior to anyone. I was using the word “trend” to describe a potential direction of change, I was asking you if you feared that much for gay people that Islam itself is a huge issue for you personally. Also “it’s held in the media and across the West”, yeah a LOT of useless info is heard by the media and by people in general...again...my point is that posting memes here does nothing to sway anyone’s opinions one way or another. Im not sure what media you’re looking at but I’ve seen a lot of variety and nuances to the opinions regarding Islam, also pretty much any other subject. But when you buy into memes as much as you do I guess I can understand why you think everything is one big black and white straw-man. Keep doing you bb, go shatter all those illusions about that religion of peace! Also go move the all the Bibles to the fiction section because that also seems like a good use of your time.
I can hear it so clearly... “In the aaaaage of an ancients...” *skip*
I also confused the fully grown Mikkel/Michael with Stranger Jonas. The show creators are thinking in 4D chess because that means we’re confusing a character with their father. Damn.
It makes sense though that Regina would try to change everything about herself compared to her teenaged years, Aleksander was probably her catalyst for that.
Can you imagine having to readjust to life if teleported 33 Years in the past as a 10 year old? He probably went through a whole phase in his teens where he was certain all that other stuff was a dream and never happened... He builds a life the best way he can...then suddenly the days start to feel familiar again...
A skull ghost?
Don’t you guys have weird censorship regulations regarding “alternative” pornography? Well there’s a video of a woman taking a dump square on a mans chest square in the middle of the page, that might have something to do with it. It’s on auto play, and it’s like embedded or some shit so even when you scroll it stays in the center of the page. Wait a minute nope those are just reviews...hmmm
I think you see a lot of these on east-coast based production, not even just in film. Hollywood has always had the stardust and glamour, everything out of the east coast is smoke and grit. If not in the productions themselves, then definitely in the work applied within them. Anybody interested in more movies that just feel different than what you’re used to being sold, and easy way to start is just look at what comes from that direction and ignore most reviews.
Gotta be an active listener during these types of reviews. There were 3 movies that talked about that i hadn’t seen, one of them being A Ghost Story. But I skipped past those parts after I decided I wanted to see them. They were elated when they started talking about A Ghost Story, so I shut it off immediately and will watch that shit later today
I want a full 45 minute video of it, for all the movies, with no breaks.
Tronte has that birthmark which keeps him pretty identifiable.
Usually called an agent or operator
Eh, as someone who avoided all hype, trailers, and discussion about the movie I literally had no expectations. I liked the movie, but it seems like they wanted to pull the rug out way too many times, it got repetitive to me.
Literally just called sequels man.
It’s basically like the new Fludd, throwing the hat gives you an extra second to think about what your next move is while airborne. To me that’s better than the hover nozzle in Sunshine which was the same effect.
This. Unpredictability is the way to go, everyone is used to the same meta tactics. But if you think a step or two ahead you can lay some traps place people will not expect them. Also one time I walked up to a cabin full out councilors. I told them to give me Chad and everyone else can run. They all turned on each other and tried to go for the car individually.
Haha that’s awesome, stalk is easily the best power. I wish certain Jason’s would have it as the second power they unlock
Hah I never saw this thanks for sharing. I love on-set antics
“Are you hungry? I haven’t had anything to eat since later this afternoon”
The final episode is a 2 parter I believe, they went on hiatus between the new year and will release the last two parts soon. I believe it airs fridays or Saturday’s but I’m not sure when it returns. They are currently looking to get the show in a streaming service available in the US,
So you’re saying that there is no acting in porn?
He’d also masturbate in public. In a lot of ways he was the first stand up comedian.
She had fantastic timing in that movie too
As other said it’s easier in VR. It feels like any semi-crowded room at that point, and the mute function works well. Usually after muting 2 or 3 of the loudest off any room instantly makes it better
First you apply for a licence as a professional quote maker, then every week you submit your awesome quotes whether they be euphoric ponderings or telling off some snotty bastard.
Fuck you! The Wawa Turkey Gobbler^TM is all the Thanksgiving dinner you need in every bite, nothing better than getting one of those while making up excuses for all my family events as to why I can't make it to any of them.
"Hey do you by chance play drums?" "Umm, no. Why do you ask?" "Guy on the internet was lookin, never mind. Hey when's the last time your dick has seen direct sunlight?"
Subscribed.
Is this a painstaking process? I’d love to play around in some Morrowind models in VR chat
/r/MaleWastelandLivingSpace
Correct! Women tend to be better at differentiating individual shades. An easy and fun way to test your ability to do this is here http://www.colormunki.com/game/huetest_kiosk
Semper yut But yeah biases aside, I've never heard anyone say a negative thing about that man.
[Brings me back to this comic](https://i.imgur.com/QTZoH8y.jpg)
I ask them to sub out the rings of raw union for the the chopped onions they put on the regular cheeseburgers.
Just shove em all into Byberry and hope that ends well oh wait.
The amount of times I’ve thought about the graphics while playing VR games: Zero. You really don’t notice how dated the actual graphics while you’re playing because the presence of being in a game world usually overwhelms that feeling
“That truck *belch* belongs to the QUEEN STREET STRANGLER!!”
Sensory deprivation chamber is the only way to be sure.
*Gunshot* Esto es México.
From an episode of *[Louie](https://youtu.be/ijQI2AJvNjI)* Louie: But there’s gotta be a way to decide, which one’s gonna make me happier. To predict… Doc: Take a look at this dog. How many legs does it have? Louie: Three Doc: The answer is, it has plenty of legs. Had four, but a coyote in Poughkeepsie chewed the other one off. Look at his face. Perfectly happy. Belly is full. Just looking, waiting to see what comes next.
They also fired Darabont after he basically wrangled together half the cast, who have all worked with him in the past and were excited to work with him again. Imagine your friend invites you to a party and he promises you it’ll be awesome. And it is, until the host of the guest inexplicably gets mad at your friend and they have a fight in the middle of the party. Your friend gets kicked out and you’re left standing there awkwardly. The angry host of the party then points at you says “Hey you can stay were cool”. Now instead of a party it’s a job and you have to finish it now.
I didn’t once question the fact that he has a realistic mechanoid-rhino tank. Like he just had that like Wiley Fucking Coyote.
So you’re literally going to be the old lady who shows up to the Planet Express shareholder meeting to say “I own one share of Planet kajiggers so I'm entitled to some answers!”
Scott seems like a cool dude
That’s not how business works, they are most definitely working on ES6. It’s not officially confirmed but when asked about it their answer is essentially “duh”. Zenimax is Bethesda’s parent company and ESO is their bank right now, but that doesn’t mean Bethesda doesn’t have a dev team working on upcoming projects. There is a LOT of backend to take care before they start making the game. Different teams do different things, there’s probably not any lost focus. It’s not a full-Rockstar Situation.
You got it! https://twitter.com/BadLipReading/status/1004142194943451136
Future Syd is missing an arm. My main theory is she loses it while protecting Trunks from the Androids.
Wait this is my tv. Did I make a good choice? Because I’m loving it but if everyone on reddit hates it then I want to know why so I can hate it too.
Okay then the sound is SUB-PAR. I don’t think I’ve ever had a good tv where I can hear dialogue without the music being loud as shit. I’ve used more closed captions and subtitles with this tv than ever! That’s my hardest real complaint. I love my tv.
Exactly 50% It either it is or it isn’t.
Its a lot easier to apologize than fact check huh
He also seems insanely jealous of how free Marshmellow is.
“Ehhh. Let’s keep flying!”
I’m surprised nobody has pointed out that it’s also a bit of a visual reference to the movie Labyrinth.
I think it was a man who was a host of many demons, when they announce themselves as legion to Jesus who then cast them to the herd of swine. ...........or would you rather be a pig? 🐽 🐽
There was the moment in season 1 where the Devil with the Yellow eyes appears behind David with the signature horns gear up. And you can feel your spine crawling when David just goes...”No”. As if to say enough of this schtick. The horns cut, and the eyes grey out, and I felt that the shadow kings horror ruse had been deflated. In the moment it felt like he had been defeated, but he managed to pull out some new tricks and now nobody knows what’s real anymore. I just read a random comment on here that said something like “SK just wanted to rule his country and be left alone.” Like holy shit...people are getting mad at Syd for believing his lies last episode but look how easily people take his word for anything. I miss the dread, but I personally feel that they have made a consistently formidable and memorable villain through and through.
I figured the Minotaur was a decision monster that grew from Melanie. Or some sort of guard for Farouk’s body which Farouk corrupted over time.
That’s a Kubrick move. Deliberately show impossible spaces or purposefully have continuity errors like that to disorient the viewer, so they can never properly place themselves in the world and feel anxious. He did it for The Shining I don’t know if that’s what they were doing here but it was too noticeable to not be deliberately done
To be fair they immediately pointed Lenny in the right direction after pulling a sweet gun out of a magic box. But I agree with you, their safes are off and their motivations changed, they must have been controlled or at least deluded.
I literally just want to see him in more outfits. He has the best outfits.
Yeah we could have had a villain of the week and had David complain that he can’t run any faster
Hmmm, it’d be different if your SO routinely went into the astral plane because it’s as simple as stepping out into the yard. He probably brought her with him a lot of the time so it’s no big deal. One day he got stuck there, so she froze him. He didn’t abandon her at all
Go through my comments and see me loving this show and episode at every turn but I’ll agree with one. Syd just got a hook through the hand, dragged underground, through a labyrinth, and into a power rangers villain room. Then Empress Melanie is sitting in a corner like “sheesh, dudes right?” And Syd is like “Huh yeah...fuck dudes.” I took it as less literal. Like Shadow Mel is just praying on her insecurities and threw enough real red flags to make it easy to swallow, but her hand was still bleeding so it’s just silly. The location seems non-physical so maybe that’ll clear things up. We’ll see.
I hope not. Clark has a cool way of grounding every scene he’s in for me. Beginning with when they captured him in Summerland. It’s neat to see a human character in an X-men series who starts off against mutants for reasons other than he hates them.
Defensive much? Shit.
Maybe address it in the moment, and not in response to a villain deceit-monologue on a comic show? Do you believe the show writers actually believe it and are spreading that as a message, or think this is the focus of the character?
HOLE. GROUND.
Yeah there’s lots of ways for a dead character to appear in a film
I say this as a vet, but the truth is mental illness is an unseen issue until it touches someone’s life. Reddit focuses more on mental health and posting help-lines and convincing others to seek help than most places I’ve seen. But this is very very well liked celebrity whose personal writing inspired many. So today that suicide is felt by everyone whose life that touched and this is just what it looks like.
Lots of people called him out but now he put himself in a position where he can walk out of any conversation or room of his own will.
Or even a well-tended used to a row-home here in Philly. It DOES look like a UK yard to me, but size-wise I’ve seen smaller yards here in the US
Reddit isn’t one person. And this is an article reporting things that the Pope said to some executives over the course of a two-day conference. Reddit is a place to post articles. People are just nodding in agreement with what was said. If you want to talk about The Vatican protecting pedophiles, then find something to submit and then we can talk about it there?
Ok Thorg.
Well, whose hungry?
I found it weird that the anti-android protesters start shit with your specific character despite being surrounded by presumably hundreds of androids. I know the answer is that the story is happening. But the disparity between what the story is telling us is happening, and what sense tells us should happen is the definition of a David Cage game. I just wanted to comment on this because I just finished it and really liked it.
Don’t forget Legos and Gim-Gim.
I was turned off of fortnite for a while because the aesthetics and current popularity wave created that atmosphere that I usually stay away from. But it was free and everyone of my roommates was playing so I got it and had some fun whenever we played together. And it felt like more of a “complete” game to me than PUBG, I got more used to the controls ended up getting the battle pass and just focused on doing challenges rather than winning. And really started having fun And by the time I did a few challenges I realized I was competent with the game to start playing more aggressively. I still don’t have a solo win yet but I’m impressed and have been having a blast.
But...you’re reading into his intentions too? I’m just saying that we’ve seen David and Syd go to the astral plane for their fuck-palace. It’s not unreasonable to think Oliver and Mel did the same, if not for different purposes. Maybe just to trip together. This is a show where we sort of HAVE to read into shit a little, and the show has literally shown us that he cares about her when he can actually remember her. We don’t know why he was there or how he got stuck. When has it literally shown that Oliver has only cares about his own power?
“Haha, yayyy! We got it! Wow what a save!” “HOLD HIM. HOLD THE SHIT DOWN.”
Also Pokémon.
Maybe we should work on those last words!
No free for all seating can be a shit show if it’s in a crappy area. My home areas theaters all started updated to reserved seating which is a godsend. Now I can show up when the movie starts a full half hour later than the posted time instead of sitting through all the ads and trailers.
Bojack Horseman is a unique case where every frame is like a Where’s Waldo of visual puns, often animal related.
I like the alien behind Morty who really gets into the show
What an amazing show.
Who gave us this scene.
Boom. You were saying?
Obama put a 6-month halt on processing Iraqi refugee requests following a failed plot from Iraqi nationals to send money and weapons to al-Qaida. It wasn’t a disclosed policy. Trump put out an executive order banning all travel between the US and 7 different countries with the only link between them being Muslim heavy countries. Calling it the same thing is a bit disingenuous.
Listen. Your points make a lot more sense to me after reading that and I feel pretty backed into a corner. So instead of changing what I think, I’m going to get defensive and say that you’re a stupid-head (/s). Thanks for taking the time and letting me know what you think, I hope the finale rocks for the both of us.
Honestly that’s the reason I can sort of tune into it at any time.
Not everybody has the SAME baby, but this particular model baby had a sale and free shipping with amazon prime so I wouldn’t be surprised if this is just the standard baby you see for a while. It’s not too bad for the price, but no accessories included. I got one last year but of course I lost interest because I never stick with anything. So that baby is just another thing I’m my closet I’ll have to clean out of there eventually
Where’s the one for German Shepherds where they all sounds like Moaning Mertle.
Say what you will about the Pig episode, it was unique though.
Nah zombies don’t digest. This dude would eat his fill in 2 days and then be so bloated he couldn’t move anymore.
People think that unless “all characters with absolute closure” or “all unexplained events get explained” then the story isn’t over. Also they usually miss the point of what the story was. That said people get always upset over movie adaptations, especially when it comes from a filmmaker who wants to make their own movie with their own creative flair. The Shining to name one.
Honestly I’ve never preordered anything and don’t understand why people do it. If your know you’re going to buy the game then just buy it when it’s released? What about it makes you want to pre-order?
I don’t even need it entirely put together, just enough to give the season some more context honestly. I didn’t appreciate season 2 of Mr. Robot until near the end of season 3, so I’m more reserved even if it’s not a great finale. It’s insane how much “slow episodes” can help bring it all together later on.
Does this latest Lenny remind anyone of Haruko from FLCL?
So when David is in his bedroom talking to himself, the other ones are named something like Davivad and DvD according to the captions. DvD was the one sitting on the chair saying he’s a god, the way he was framed was reminiscent of future full Legion David
Oh did it air? I’m hesitant because I honestly don’t even really watch anime anymore, and that first series was lightning in a bottle. Is it any good?
Yeah thank you, that’s what it was
Dudes going full Light.
The follow on line though is “You bet your life it is”
That’s something someone from Team Amy would say.
Honestly I saw it as DVD taking over saying David had his chance to do something, anything, and DVD got tired of waiting. So it’s like “alright fine, going to sit there like a bitch, lets do things my way” That said I don’t think these are entire other personalities, I still think it’s David in a sense but it’s like his own mentalities are personified.
Think about all that other stuff that you don’t know exists. A lot of it is pretty cool
Ohh the stuff you like
Luckily it’s not the real Ridly and the whole game is just a kid playing with action figures
&gt; The finale of S1 would be Trump winning and the last shot before the credits would be Putin receiving the news from an aide and grinning. Why not just cut to the actual clip of Russian Parliament applauding Trumps election win? https://youtu.be/GCCPV5fU6n0
Season 5: Ozymandias.
What are we debating. I see your post asks a lot of questions but are we supposed to answer them or are we supposed to talk about the show? I don’t understand this sticky.
I think the closer one moves towards “godhood” the farther they move from what makes us human. And the more full of himself (literally?) David gets, the more dangerous he will become.
Also the beginning when Mel and Oliver are in the cube. “Soothing voice very hypnotic”. Then they remember helping him and their eyes almost looked a little confused as to why they did. Then they remind themselves “Oh right the turn...yeah when he turned” But the only turn we see is everyone turning on David (despite him not being the hero he thinks he is) set in motion by the Shadow King. Another thing we see in the episode is that the delusions that are put into people aren’t exactly him using his power in them. Not like David did to suppress Syds memory anyway, because when the Choke is rung Syd still wants to kill David. Sooo, whose responsible? I don’t know but The Shadow King is easily one my favorite TV villains of all time.
“Age of Outrage”? I guess I’m just not in touch. I was more confused on whether we were talking about the contents of the show specifically, the ideas the show is playing with, or about our specific ideas as to who we think is right, or the questions that OP asked. OP says it’s to answer and debate his questions, and he already banned a user for not playing along. So I think I’ll just pass on this whole thing.
Jesus, Boofgar...Bloodstain Ridge was 8 years ago you gotta stop bringing it up in every conversation.
If only he had fame &amp; fortune! “Fame &amp; fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer, though some are conflicted.”
Wow good call. Side note, he’s fantastic one that show. One of my favorite Bruce Wayne’s for sure.
It probably cut because it stopped being cut haha. I’ve edited videos of my dog where the lay 3 seconds is everything going to absolute hell
Holy shit. He probably was able to build that containment field by reverse-engineering the sphere that he built. This some Back to the Future shit.
Yes, I agree with this. Same thing for how stoned off her ass Lenny accidentally shot Syds bullet mid-air. The choke disable his powers, but not probably not *really*. Because his power is *over* reality. What’s difficult about this is now it’s like his power is plot armor...but that’s basically what the power is when you can write your own story.
&gt; testing to see how many people it can get to believe red means go. Flashbacks to season 3/4 of Breaking Bad discussions “Umm does anyone else feel like we shouldn’t be rooting for Walt?”
Sooo would a better translation of his name be Maluigi?
Remember when he joked that the people who didn’t clap constantly during his State of the Union speech were traitors? Haha. That was hilarious. Yo btw, who does that bitch Michelle Wolfe think she is, some sort of comedian?? Totally unpatriotic.
Whoops my bad 🤗
I’ve been saying that since I watched the episode but I was sure how they’d get there, especially since Future Syd seemed genuine in her plight for help.
[Remember: Red means stop. Green means go](https://youtu.be/XGaJPC51QR4)
I thought we were making pop culture references to things that allude to such topics, It wasn’t meant for actual instructional purposes. I didn’t think that needed a disclaimer but I’ll keep it in mind for next time.
“Don’t worry about it baby. I ran in front of YOU” Dude not only let the kid know it was okay but gave her a teachable moment.
Unless finding out about Koko jumpstarted your career into a STEM field and inspired your entire philosophy behind morality and humanity that it’s empty. See, like I first heard about Koko when I was a kid through Seinfeld. “Hey what’s that gorilla that does sign language? Koko?” And I thought, “wow what a great name for a gorilla”. So I’m unworthy.
[One of my favorite videos is that girl who gets reunited with a pack of wolves and the opens her mouth to allow them to lick inside to show submission.](https://youtu.be/3hdUCzbCuYk). You think this is a disgusting person?
I’m assuming there’s context here
My point is if someone has a bond with an animal then what’s the big deal. You can take a spoonful of getting the fuck over it, along with some mouthwash. There are way grosser things in the world, your hands are probably one of them. I swear some people on reddit were raised in glass bubbles.
I’m not saying In the mouth directly, which I see was your original point so I’m sorry. But I do let my dog lick my face so I’m just defending that in general. It’s no big deal
Mute tv and put on some wireless headphones, changed my life.
Yeah that’s why people are upset at the current administration. People are salty about losing. Get over yourself.
Why do you think “the left” is one entity that all starts and stops caring about issues at the same time for the same reasons? Are you that dense that you actually think “the left” is just so full of monsters or have people just told you to think that way? It’s literally as dumb as some asshole who posts some dumb meme on /r/politicalhumor, and says “lol the conservatives are frothing at the mouth because of this” when in reality nobody actually gives a shit. Keep fighting those imaginary battles in your head.
&gt; “Some dumb asshole.” Is that not equally divisive? No. And here’s why. If someone shouts some dumbass opinions, like acting like political groups are one entity. Then I will say that person is dumb for saying that. I’m not attacking anyone’s party or even stating my own stance. If someone wants to jump down the hole of political extremes because they got called a mean name on the internet, then that is their choice. A poor and dumb one, but theirs. I’m saying that when one demonstrates that they don’t think for themselves by only recycling talking points they found on the internet or a single news network, then that person sounds stupid, and I have zero issue in saying so. If that person gets defensive and says “see that’s the problem with the [other group]”. Regardless if it’s a tumblr-going 2015 liberal, or a 65 year old fox-news 2018 Trump fanboy, that mentality is the real ignorance, not the differing political opinions or how emotional they get over a subject. But the refusal to understand that maybe the world isn’t exactly as they put it in their minds.
Ehh, Novelizations can go either way. To me the movie is automatically better because it’s the original work, and a huge collaboration project between the crew. And unless the book has built in Huey Lewis and the News music that starts blasting when you open the cover then it sadly can’t beat one of the greatest moves of all time.
The filmmakers were almost certain that flying cars and hover boards weren’t going to be a thing, but they have stated that they just had fun with the future and didn’t worry about being prophetic in any way
“RULE 5: Your childhood wasn’t ruined by TLJ or Lucas, only your own crap choices!”
I liked TLJ more than any of the other Disney ones
Maybe they wouldn’t go missing for 8 months if they didn’t do this
See for me, Rogue One was when I realized I wasn’t actually a modern Star Wars fan haha.
Yes. It’s for a skin. Why would you do that to yourself?
I used to post on FPH and get angry at all the SJWs ruining everything. But in hindsight it’s pretty easy to tell I wasn’t happy with my life when I spent most of my time trying to tear down other people. I’m still subscribed but I don’t come to these subreddits as much, And whenever I do see posts I’m usually cringing at the post itself or the people in the comments arguing. I feel stupid for how I acted but at least I never completely went down that rabbit hole. It’s my theory as to why there’s this big “wholesome” movement online, all the crazy fucks from 2007 4chan grew up and felt stupid for acting the way they did.
Did you mean to say amputate them?
You retract that bit about my cunt fucking kids. That’s going overboard mate!
Glad you’re doing well! I gained weight and was depressed after I was discharged. And it’s still a struggle and probably always will be, but I realized acceptance and karma among the internet isn’t the same as getting support and control over your own life. Now I’m just in a better mood in general, but I shake my head when it’s obvious people are going through the same things and handle it poorly. Damn shame it is. Keep on keeping on!
Nah
This is sorta the plot to the original FLCL
Holy shit I just realized that guy doing the opening narration is Brock from Pokémon.
Shit you might be right. Either way it’s weird because I don’t remember the narration sounded like that
Everything is an edged weapon!!
Making the blade was the interesting part for me
Yo Bojack though
I heres what I think is happening. The project for immortality works because as long as there is a memory they can bring someone back. However just replicating someone isn’t enough, they have to become conscience. To do that they can’t just test for fidelity. They need to question their core drives to the point where they actually become conscience. Then they can be successfully replicated or brought back.
I also enjoyed every single episode and can admit that the plot felt lacking this season. I really hope it comes back around in the 3rd season that might be amazing because of the groundwork laid in this season?? I often make the Mr. Robot comparison on this subreddit and most tend to agree. These are both shows made by auteur directors who are legitimately allowed to do their own thing the same way Taika Waititi was allowed with Thor Ragnarok. Also on that tangent I couldn’t give a fuck about Dr. Strange but it was really fun seeing him in that movie too. This is easily my favorite show in a while so I think I’ve turned biased for sure but I’m hanging in there, I hope it’ll go somewhere great and be remembered as the “Breaking Bad” of Comic book tv shows. Daredevil and Luke Cage are snooze fests for me after watching out-there shit like this and even Gotham of all things.
Yeah but at the same time he knew it wasn’t real and knew his friends were just helping him have fun doing it for the day, it wasn’t supposed to be an immersive accurate shopping simulator. It must’ve been a fun day
Why did the dumbwaiter door get stuck? In the original it wasn’t really stuck, Lex was egging on the Raptor so it’d run at her reflection. This it was just stuck for dramatic effect. Ohh the indo-raptor tapped its toes like the original! This was the Rogue One of Jurassic Park movies.
This movie was so laughably bad that if you have movie pass I actually recommend seeing it.
When it cut back to him I began to get up because I figured that be the end. I saw the montage of dinosaurs that just somehow seamlessly are now apart of the ecosystem and by the time I got to the door I heard “This *is* ^Jurassic ^^world”. As I walked out and I let out a real hearty guy laugh. I’m very happy I saw this movie weird as that sounds
I feel personally attacked right now
Nah, Marine DIs yell at you as a normal speaking voice. And they would’ve gotten a drill hat or knife hand to the throat
Oh we had the same friend
Citizen Kane is a good movie, try to tell me otherwise
I’m not trying to shit on you or your opinion but what nods? And what Lore? The first movie had a lot going on behind the scenes, but 10 Cloverfield Lane was just a repurposed script. And Paradox was a repurposed script with additional scenes that don’t deal with the movies plot at all. I mean this genuinely, if you were to show me a list of all the connections between the movies. Then they would all look like lampshades lazily thrown about, not like actual connections. If I were a fan I’d be even more disappointed
Probably for the better, Overlord was pretty decent that could’ve easily been made way better or way worse with a couple changes
IMO This is the only cool connection. And it’s one that can be made in the editing room, there’s nothing in the movie itself on this level. Just a guy on Skype in the first act spelling out that it’s connected to Cloverfield.
Honestly the entire film medium is about manipulating the spectator with cheap tricks.
Yeah it is, and it’s great. Blade Runner is a boring as shit movie too, still a great one
Why’d you delete your other comment? Can’t commit to an opinion unless people upvote it? Citizen Kane is on of the most influential films ever made, but nobody ever called it a laugh riot. It’s just very important to the history of film. Your opinion is your opinion. I’m just saying even if you don’t like watching it there’s still a lot to appreciate given the context of when it came out. So when you say “I bet you like Citizen Kane” in a shitty contrarian way, I feel at least a little obligated to say “Uhh, yeah so what”
I play for fun
Weaksauce 😂
I don’t watch movies
Never heard of it. Oh hey just curious are you going to delete this comment if it doesn’t do well either?
It’s a troll account
I haven’t been here much since the sub got quarantined but is this what it is now? Russia = good, gays = liberals, and liberals = bad? [And yet we can sit here with a straight face and say this isn’t cringe-worthy regardless of where you are politically? ](https://youtu.be/o2Lv7OVI6eM)
Yeah everybody hates that song. Can you imagine sitting down and recording a cover of it, and spending hours to edit it, just to annoy people you disagree with politically? All without thinking “did i just create weird as fuck propoganda?” What fucking weirdos.
I was exaggerating about everyone hating that song, sorry that wasn’t obvious. And when I cringe, it’s just...a physical reaction to something usually embarrassing . I don’t consider people on the other side of the political spectrum of what I’m seeing when I cringe, or take into account how often they make me cringe. So when I see that weird video, I don’t think “yeah but what about that other thing I saw that was WORSE.” See, I think you and I just see things differently. Like, I don’t see the person who made that video as “the right” and I don’t see purple-haired feminists as “the left”. Maybe that’s your world but it ain’t mine.
Hard disagree. In my opinion the best part is in season 1 when you think he’s just “Bad guy interrogator” who then gets blown to smithereens who then has a sudden finale reappearance, which shows his hilariously sentimental backstory which I’m sure nobody saw coming. But then when he’s at Summerland, in front of a now-powerful David. It makes you understand his (and a lot of humans in the X-universe) perspective. If your human child is sharing a sandbox with a mutant child who decides to throw a tantrum? “Who wins that squabble?” Humans are right to be afraid of mutants, and fear can be a powerful and destructive motivation. This is expressed quickly and perfectly with Clark I think the stuff at D3 was supposed to be fucky-interrogations in a weird world with weird technology. So yeah, just Hawley shit
&gt;I really doubt your comment didn't have an ulterior motive Oh I'm sure you doubt it. I definitely don't like trump and don't exactly hide that fact, but I'm not on here posting anti-trump shit all day every day which is how it sounds when you put it that way. The guy acts like a pussy and makes it easy, so yeah I joke about him. My real motive was that I saw this and cringed really hard, then thought "Whoa whatever happened to cringeanarchy?" Posted it, it didn't get any traction which was fine. But I've noticed this sub has changed for sure, though I guess all of reddit has for sure. I actually have a question for you after all this though, do you think that anyone who dislikes trump is "the left"? I could've just as easily clung to your submission history to come to the conclusion that you're my political enemy or whatever, but the reality is social media is a fraction of insight into a person and I don't know shit about you. So I won't/don't assume shit and don't expect you or anyone else to give me that same courtesy. But this is all I mean when I say I think we see the world differently.
Weirdly enough I know 2 people, close friends who I served with, who voted for trump exactly for this reason.
Ok let’s pump the brakes. After rereading our conversation I see how I was the one who took the accusatory tone first so this escalated. I’m sorry about that. I assure you, there’s no facade and I don’t have an agenda. I thought the video was cringey, it’s fine that you don’t. I DO think trump is a pussy, that had nothing to do with why I cringed at the video though. Nobody has to take my word for it, though I understand how that looks like enough connecting evidence for someone to jump to a conclusion like that.
You’re reading the headline and not actually listening to him. He was laughing the whole time he was talking about it.
Funnily enough, this works sometimes.
And I don’t remember what happened in that last movie either, so I guess it was a successful adaptation
All we have to do is fly some dirt out there and BOOM, terraformed.
But ESO was an MMO RPG from the beginning, they (Zenimax development team, not Bethesda’s) made it a better one over the years. Fallout 76 needs to figure out what it wants to be first, and then actually do it well.
But what makes it amazing now? “Amazing” is high praise
Those doormats are embarrassing. And usually the companies that make them, make one for every potential stance too. What a cash in
Sounds like an excuse to come off as an asshole Edit to explain what I mean: If you get cut off in traffic like 3 times in a row, and everyone around you is driving like a maniac. It makes sense you would get fed up, and maybe even cut someone off yourself. You feel entitled to the anger because of everything you went though, you decide that just *this once* fuck that guy behind you, you’re tired and just want to get home. I say...okay I get it...but it’s still an asshole move. I’ve pulled them too. People can blame the climate all they want for something but it’s still their decision how to act.
It sure as hell comes off that way doesn’t it?
It’s an asshole move to plug your ears and eyes, to say that anyone of certain political opinions are all in a single group which is then defined through stupidity and ignorance. You don’t have to agree or even listen, if the opinions and arguments are coming from a place of ignorance that can’t be discussed then ignore them. On that note, how does a doormat keep away trump supporters and how many of them are knocking on your door that it’s even a problem? Think about the average person and how you come across to them if they see stuff like that.
Also (because I guess I just feel like being downvoted today) What the hell do you mean “the only thing left to do”? Like you feel frustrated with the political climate so you actively try to make it worse? What about educating yourself, voting, and then moving on with your life? How is passively shitting on people the only thing left to do?
Why do you think I support him? Holy fuck, I’m tired of the internet.
Lol, I had this same conversation with someone else not even a week ago. Except that time, they thought I was a liberal and my comments had a leftist “ulterior motive” https://reddit.com/r/CringeAnarchy/comments/a6pl9e/lets_move_to_russia/ebxsq80 Ok, jump to whatever conclusion you want about me. You actually think I support trump because I think a doormat is dumb? Got it.
You don’t know anything about me and you didn’t even do that thing where you look at my comments. You’re also wrong. I was saying that people CALLED ME leftist. Holy shit it’s cool that we agree politically I guess. But can you read?
Why are you angry with me?
I got someone calling me a trump supporter, even though I’m clearly not. When shown otherwise all I get is “build a wall and shove it up your ass” And within 5 minutes Someone else tells me that while they don’t even live in America, they know all about the day-to-day climate and refuse to associate with blatant ignorance. And not a week ago I get called a liberal with an ulterior motive because I noticed that /r/cringeanarchy has become weird as fuck The internet is a madhouse, I’ll just stick to my principles
I think you’re someone I could actually hang out and talk politics with.
Marine vet, in agreement. In my opinion, the more hero worship there it is, the easier we are to politicize
No judging them for the previous history and looking ahead as this has been done many many times before.
It’s like a weird neo cyber version of the red scare lol
&gt; I guess all I can say is when it gets like this, just don't reply Best advice anyone’s given me all week, thanks I mean that. We all need to hear it now and then. I’ve just been laying around on reddit all day not doing anything and I feel like shit for it so this is it for me today. It starts off as conversations and then I always get pulled into these crazy arguments and I’m banging my head against a wall half the time because my only point is usually “do you hear yourself?” Thanks for pulling me out, have yourself a great day!
Are you still swimming in a HOLE in the GROUND like a LOSER!? Introducing **PORT-a-POOL** for winners swimming on the go!
Good mystery set up and enough good actors will keep showing up that it kept my attention through its 2+ hour running time, it felt a little long sometimes but only felt its length toward the end for me. Every once in a while you’ll see something goofy, or someone will do something that doesn’t make sense, or a CG bird and you might get pulled out but I think it was pretty solid overall.
Thank you for clarifying this on some comic some guy drew
So you’re saying that we should be afraid of black people?
Because the proof of what Bethesda chooses to focus on is evident across all their games, including if you just look at mainline elder scrolls games.
Ok but that’s not what we’re talking about. We’re talking about Bethesda’s record and how it has long time fans anxious, talking about what they’ve improved doesn’t add anything to that conversation because all it sounds like is you’re telling us we’re wrong for being worried.
It would if they listened to input, but they’re not changing up the way they design the games in accordance with what people like about their games. Their practices have grown more and more anti-consumer, regardless how popular their games have gotten. They HAVE improved in a lot of ways and I’ll always give them credit for it. Skyrim’s caves were an improvement over Oblivion’s, but what does that matter? The growing frustrations is that Bethesda has, for a fact, grown more anti-consumer. They try to monopolize mods, release an early access game at full price and then implement microtransactions in a way so poorly that it makes me wish for horse armor. Let me phrase it another way, using a similar example. It’s like if we were talking about Disney and their practices which are hurting small theaters, taking control of copyright law, and destroying public domain. And someone brought up a point about how the marvel movies are better than any comic movies we’ve had so far. Yes, Disney has technically grown more popular as a company, but how does that make these things right?? It’s two different conversations.
Don’t forget the railroading. If you’re playing the base game and you enter Riften? Well now brynjolf walks right up to you telling you to steal shit regardless if you’ve ever stolen anythingn. Now you have to join the thief’s guild and you’ll have a quest telling you do so until the end of time. You’re pretty much forced to join the college of winterhold if, the worst and most unfinished guild questline, if you want to enter. Then after you join you can become archmate within the same day, all without casting a spell.
They are using twice the team that they had for Skyrim. There should’ve been more thought put into it before they released it. Obviously I don’t believe the next fallout or main ES title is going to come out as 76 did. But their priority’s show through with everything they make, and they haven’t been interested in making the best game they can possibly make since Morrowind, probably because if they messed that one up they would’ve been done for good.
That’s not entirely true, and if it were then they’ll STILL have to step up their game. Breath of the Wild is a more cohesive exploration and open world game than Skyrim was, its insane how well put together that game is and it’s just one example. No reason to play elder scrolls if other games keep beating Bethesda at their own game.
I’m going to ask you a genuine question and I don’t you to be offended, but how old are you? How long have you been a fan of the series? Because you should know right now that Todd Howard is the LAST metric you want to use to figure out the quality of something
This is what I’m banging my head against a wall to figure out. People defending these games just because they sort of get fixed later. How does normalizing the practice of releasing half finished games at full price do anything but disgust you? ESO is a different case since it’s an MMO, but No Mans Sky and 76 shouldn’t be given any time of day. This shit isn’t okay, and they are constantly trying to get away with more and more. It’s great you’re genuinely having fun with the game, but for most people it’s a broken buggy mess released at full price with poorly implemented microtransations in which people needed to outright lawyer up to try to get a refund. So when other games are out there, often times cheaper, that already do it better, then why even give it a chance?
They should’ve mentioned Netflix more
I don’t disagree, but why is that time to work on it AFTER the release at full price?
Testing is part of the games production cycle, why is it okay to make your audience pay to be your beta testers?? And on that note a lot of the bugs could be found at a fucking *glance* especially since many bugs have existed since fallout 4. They have been patched out by modders since the games release, there’s literally no excuse. It’s still okay that you like the game. It is, and in so many other contexts I even understand defending it and the company that makes it. But please know the difference between those just shitting on the game because it’s cool to shit on the game, and those who are genuinely afraid for their favorite series and the state of the industry as a whole.
Many people confuse my name for something related to the elder scrolls, Veloth is actually the name of the street I grew up on. I think it was named after Saint Veloth.
Well he has infamy on the internet similar to that of Peter Molyneux, all the same jokes apply about over hyping features of upcoming games and the like But the truth is he was an influential designer in the company, spearheading Morrowind and thus saving the company from the brink of extinction. But much of the team that made Morrowind is gone, and the company has grown. Now Todd is mostly a spokesperson, and anything he says or does in relation to games should simply be taken as an advertisement, with a grain of salt.
And all these problems are still tertiary to the fact they’ve continued to strip away RPG elements across all their games, gravitated towards more procedural content, included microtransactions in their latest game, and have tried to monopolize on player created content, thus implementing micro-transactions into a now decade old single player game. Jesus fucking Christ, how are people defending this.
Honestly I see nothing wrong with work of sex work in itself. 2 consenting adults can pay each other to do whatever they want in a room together in my book. Dealing drugs is actual cancer.
Yeah my area too, I’m American. I think prostitution looks pretty bad and ugly to anyone in our society who glances at it, but as you said if there were healthier systems in place then it probably wouldn’t look so bad. I just mean the fundamental idea of sex work in itself is okay. America has a track record of handling sex poorly regarding anything
See also: Kung Fury
[Emilia: Monster Hunter](https://youtu.be/7RZCzDbmw18)
I DONT BELIEVE IT!!
That moment when you realize you’re talking to an actual child, and all their opinions are half-baked thoughts that they will use inflate their own ego under the guise that they are enlightened for having had them....
I personally really liked Mortys Mind Blowers too
My doc first told me about the Nocebo effect, and explained it's why doctors may be hesitant to reveal some side-effects of medications. Because they're then more likely to appear in certain patients.
I agree, I was elated to read the string of top comments. It's all great movie discussion, definitely a good detail and great post.
Looks like it could've been concept art
Nah he was a VA psychologist, I don’t fully know his job but I don’t think he’s looking at xrays
I have YouTube++ on IOS which I downloaded from something called iOS Ninja. It has a built in ad-block, you can turn off the screen while playing video, and a video downloader
https://iosninja.io/app
Slow down and explain what this picture is
Also not sure if this is worth anything, but the first time David reads Syd’s mind he is excitedly running out to her as she is being discharged from the hospital. He goes to kiss her, forgetting her rule in his excitement. As he leans in to kiss her, we hear in Syds mind (because it’s only in a split second) “David, No!”. He kisses her anyway and we know the story from there. Upon rewatch I though it set up an interesting precedent for how David, though well intentioned, misunderstands his power and the boundaries that crumble beneath them. The first time he broke through her consent was a genuine accident, second time was more deliberate.
Don’t be bringing that blasphemy over to /r/desirepath
I order a lot of packages dude!
Umm...it’s not an indie company. The game had funding before development started.
But why preorder?
Some people call them that because they lack a parent company publishing their games, but that’d be like calling Bethesda an indie company for the same reasons. Skyrim and Witcher 3 are not indie games
I figured that might muddy my point, but it is what it is you know? Zenimax *does* own Bethesda, they fund the games and don’t interfere in development. So the CDPR analogue would be the Polish government. Which makes sense, in America companies are owned by companies own by companies. In other countries, they fund art because among other reasons it just makes them look good.
These threads are being spawned by people whose only identity is that of a “gamer” They’re defensive because your existence is clashing with the tiny world and narrative they’ve set up for themselves, so they don’t acknowledge you or your experience as “real” Always consider the source though, anybody spouting those comments could only dream of having integrated games into their actual lives other than the hobby they fall back on because everything else in their lives is shit. Thanks for joining funhaus, I don’t watch many YouTube channels and I watch even less “let’s plays” or game channels, but I go back to funhaus often and you’ve been a delight every time I’ve seen you. You obviously have knowledge and wit that you bring to the table. This is all trolls have, making an empty internet thread yelling into the void that talented people exist.
I’m with you, the game only had decent art direction going for the production, the game itself is terrible. I know “blah blah blah objective/subjective blah” I’ve had this argument a million times and yet people defending the game don’t seem to understand my main point. You walk up to something, you turn around, your environment is now different/slightly creepier, find the next thing to walk up to That’s the entire gameplay loop. It’s far and away the worst of the “PT clones” to come out after Silent Hills was cancelled, and one of the worst horror games I’ve ever seen. [I thought Adam from YMS had a very funny play through because he had the same experience and thoughts I did when I played](https://youtu.be/0Ncnau8NnoY)
Thor was incapacitated from a drunk with an over-powered taser in one movie, and walked away minutes after he took the full force of a dying star in the next.
Make sure you don’t watch any more Quentin Tarantino movies
It’s a brilliant movie, because there are scenes of the nazis cheering at the propoganda movie where Zoller is fighting off the Americans. Then the movie theater I was in erupted in the exact same fashion when Hitler got blown away just a few scenes later. He’s a brilliant director, directing the audience as much as the actors in his film
~~Death of the author is the prevention of the creator of a work changing things after it’s created.~~ Also “death of the author” is just a lens by which to examine certain works, it’s debatable and up to an individual whether or not they want to subscribe to that idea and view works through that lens. It’s up to Harry Potter fans if they want to listen to JK Rowling about her potter verse via tweet. ~~All that being said, death of the author has nothing to with the way a director literally directs his actors on set. He had intent when directing those actors, and~~ you’re saying that you can tell without a shadow of a doubt that you know the characters are actually sadists that would have been killing random people? I’d love to hear how you came to such a definite conclusion.
Ok well then I simply disagree. Would it be fair to say you’re reading into the characters intention because of your own experiences then? There’s nothing to add to the assumption that the basterds would do the same to non-nazis, and even less to imply that they might receive pleasure from it
Excuse that sentence, you’re right it’s way off the mark. After that I describe it more aptly I think. Also thats how I’ve seen it, when you look at my other comment I describe my experience in the theater, and it was that moment that I saw the parallels he was drawing. I don’t think there is any indication of how those particular characters would be outside of their WWII nazi revenge mission though, so anything would just be speculation
Not at all, but I think it's the worlds first crowd-funded next-gen game Next-gen meaning something beyond just graphic fidelity
I thought it was the ending credit music from the show [*Are you Afraid of the Dark?*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzuihSD0MOk) but slowed down a lot Even if you play it at .25 speed with no clean up it sounds very similar Even though literally Adam commented what it is, I'm an idiot
Totally thought it was from *Are you Afraid of the Dark?* but super slow
Plus 2 had the island from LOST, so that was fun
That’s because you go out of turn. Never mess up the pecking order.
I think the MJ upside down thing is to differentiate it slightly from the original film, (same with the finger-guns scene, he’s not wearing the spidey-suit originally) and also because it doubles as a flashback from Peters perspective.
Counter-point: I could definitely tell the difference between the lime and the green apple which replaced it
Not bad hallmark movies...anime. This person has the mannerisms and dictation of an anime character who is “nervous”. It’s not a good thing when your nervous ticks are actually [tv tropes](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/HandBehindHead).
Yeah I was trying to find a semblance of a real-world analogue story. I thought I would’ve found something about some people trying to get Manhattan buildings up to a modern code or something, but I couldn’t even find that. I know I shouldn’t be surprised at this but he actually said in a rally that SoCiaLisTs are going to destroy manhattans and rebuild with no windows. And people applauded. Wtf?? Then made a hard right turn mid-sentence and started asking what his slogan should be by a round of applause.
Those damn gays pandering to the gay crowd
Endgame only has substance to people already invested in a marvel story. To the general public, which includes grandma and grandpa making a day trip to the theater, Avatar is the stronger draw
Thanks for the heads up, not only are you right, but I’ve repeatedly made that mistake before.
Star. Wars. Galaxies. R.I.P to anyone that missed that boat
Great. It wasn’t before you typed this comment, but now you just added 4 more years to development
Not the guy you’re responding to but I stopped caring about the end credit scene a long time ago in regards to MCU movies. Seeing Nick Fury talk to Iron Man at the end was insane, seeing That first glimpse of Thanos had me endlessly intrigued. But after Guardians, I didn’t care enough to stay. I still enjoyed the movies same as always, it just wasn’t worth it to me to hang out an extra 10 minutes to see Howard the Duck. And from then on, it was clear they didnt matter.
I was just saying this in another comment. And it’s not even for a teaser anymore, sometimes it’s for a final gag or something. After I saw the Howard the Duck scene after Guardians 1, I lost interest. I didn’t hate the scene, I just don’t care about waiting around to see them.
The game he mentioned, Star Citizen. It’s the biggest crowd-funded game of all time with a controversial ongoing development. Reoccuring jokes say anytime someone mentions a possible feature, the development time is extended to implement said feature
I done did myself a woosh!
Yeah but the guy you originally responded to was asking a simple question related to actual development. You just *had* to inject your opinion in the answer, and then he rephrased the question so as to keep the subject on point, and you continue to have your own conversation. He was asking about the engine.
Star Citizen and CIG seems far less predatory to me than the trend of unfinished games that releases at full price, only to be finished later. Where you then hear shit like “no seriously fallout76/NMS/Anthem/Extreme Ironing 2 is soooo much better now!!”
Cool thanks for answering!
Morrowind 2: Mainland
You’re confusing which user said what.
This was a great interview and it expanded a lot on what I wanted to hear in regards to more choices when it comes to factions, who to side with, and some dynamic choices between all of them. It didn’t sound to me like a Bethesda-type selling point where it’ll be as superficially implemented as possible. Like it’s more what the game is about. That said, I was really hoping for Yahtzee to ask about the animation. Specifically the changing perspectives and flipping we saw in the earlier gameplay videos. I’m not against that stuff, and I don’t doubt it’ll improve before release. But I’d personally like the option to turn off that all together if I can, same way you can turn off kill cams in Skyrim. That being said, Skyrim isn’t a good example for a combat model to begin with. I think they need to hear that fans are worried about these things, as much as they should know that the direction is looking really solid so far. I’m really looking forward to it!
I think a lot of the charm comes the overall atmosphere of the original, coupled with the *sometimes* brilliant voice acting. Starting the game in a dingy back alley with Smiling Jack voice by John DiMaggio, set the stage awesomely. But once you free range outside, there were plenty of pitfalls in both the writing and delivery. (“For you baby? 50 AMERICAN dollars”) What we’ve seen so far is admittedly lackluster, but I think if they can pull off the good atmosphere in the finished product then I’ll personally be alright with a lot of the goofy lines or bored VA’s we encounter in this one too.
Just be a responsible dog owner and grab it with your bare hands, then wing it to the front door of the nearest person for them to dispose of.
There's still peoples cigarettes to deal with
Yeah New Vegas just has tight world design that sets out a pseudo-path for most characters, but it doesn't limit you. For an example of railroading, check out how many different quest lines tangentially require you to join the College of Winterhold.
Sounds like a typical 18 year old to me Get off my lawn
Yet another example of why it’s the best among the newer Fallouts, in my opinion. As I said, it doesn’t railroad the player at all and there are many reasons why one might choose not to go south immediately. The world is designed with a “grain” to it, that if you play the story, you end up traveling with the grain so to say. But you’re never limited in where you can go, and just like old-school Morrowind you’re free to kill anyone at anytime. I’m looking forward to The Outer Worlds now just from talking about this.
Don't worry, his meter only showed 3.6 roentgen
Downvoted hardcore but you’re right. Summers in Japan can be brutal. 100% humidity 24 hours a day are horrible. I’ll take a desert any day
Have you played Kingdom Come?
Ok Plato
He changed his Twitter pic to an anime character, and he appeared on the Joe Rogan Podcast and a Pewdiepie video. If after doing those things mass Reddit doesn’t love you, then no amount of money can buy good PR at that point.
There’s no way something that oversized could be good tasting
Mints and candy aren’t exclusive Case in point: junior mints, they’re very refreshing!
“Where’s the bomb?”
KINGFISHER 9000 KINGFISHER 9000
They are when your breath smells of actual dog shit!
So they tint controls on windows ASAP...
I’d like renting a ship to be relatively cheap, if the renter doesn’t have a habit of crashing rented ships. But buying ships should feel like a big experience IMO. I think farming and trying to get as many ships as possible in as short a time as possible is contrary to the spirit of the game. This is all in my opinion of course.
Can't wait to see it on there with that weird mandatory OP explanation that makes people explain why it's better every loop, by simply describing the gif --- &gt;The way this guy keeps his cool and sprays the girl back is better every loop!! ---
Just throwing this out there for what its worth, when it comes to sexual assault and rape, stats are more or less out the window. Japan specifically under-reports sexual assault and rape far beyond the west. In fact as recently as 2018 they had to change their legal definitions of rape, many citizens including women today still don't consider non-consensual sex as rape, and rape of men is virtually non-existent on paper. Reporting rape in Japan is a different beast too, sometimes victims will have to reenact sequences with dolls under observation. And that's just reporting the crime, conviction is a whole different bag of worms over there
Uuuurgh. I’m talking about PISS. And SHIT. And you’re off talking about some japanese crapidontgiveaFFUCKabout.
Sarcasm but if most did that, it would change things before the end of the day
The first one is dated but IMO it’s still the best movie adaptation of a video game. The director was a huge fan of the series and it shows. The score is fantastic, many of the shots are pulled right from the game, and most of the main cast is pretty good. The younger girl is pretty awful in it though, she yells silent hill while sleepwalking to kick off the plot and it’s laughable. It’s not all that scary, but the creature design is great, the setting is atmospheric, and the climax was a pretty fun gore-fest. It’s by no stretch a masterpiece, but I’m of the opinion that it’s still pretty solid. The sequel...well...watch 20 minutes of it and you WILL feel the first is a masterpiece by comparison.
So there’s the valid point, which is that this post is a stretch and just feel-good points for something mundane. Then you go take your own assumptions and judge her for it. I think this post is basic as shit but I have no judgments one way or the other about her or her life. You, however, just come off as shitty.
What you listened to was a suicide note. He was resigned to his fate, and he was using a lot of truth to hurt himself. It’s a tragedy when it gets to this point, but as long as people hang on there are ALWAYS OTHER OPTIONS. Rejecting help over and over again isn’t great, but it’s also okay because we all do from time to time. It’s still a tragedy that for all our advances in communication, and all the assets available to him, he was still unable to reach out in ways that put him on a better path.
There was that scene with Melanie and Oliver in his mindscape supposedly after David "destroyed the world". Melanie and Oliver try to recall the characters and they think about Farouk and how they helped him. A look of confusion comes over them.
My girlfriend and I laughed our asses off when they first pulled him off screen. We had to pause for a moment because the idea of special SWAT team touching a finger to their ear and saying "deploy the hook" was a hilarious image. We had to pause again when that basically happened latter in the episode.
Not to beat a dead horse but after GOT this episode was one of the biggest sighs of relief in my life. I figured season 3 would ground it a little more after a weird season 2 (which I personally still loved), just like Mr. Robot. But it was still nice to see we got the classic dose of weirdness for the first half, while giving us a cleaner story in the second.
Honestly when it comes to graphic design, if you have a lot of people saying “meh I could’ve probably done that” it’s a pretty good design. And often those people who say that wouldn’t know where to begin.
I think she meant that as a metaphor
Parroting what someone else in the thread said, 20 bucks for the full season on amazon prime and the episodes are uploaded a few hours after air-time. It’s the way to go even with cable IMO I have live TV through Hulu, but I still go through Amazon because no commercials and full quality.
The author apparently missed the other tattoo on Syds wrist, inquiring why it simply says “first” Her wrist tattoos read “Me First”
Hey now I was a regular lurker on /r/fatpeoplehate and I genuinely thought I was motivated to lose weight by laughing at a feed of examples of people worse off than myself, while simultaneously being the most overweight and depressed in my life. Oh wait a minute... Yeah it’s true. I never posted on it or really cared about picking on people directly, but the longer it went on the worse it got. I was so angry when it was banned even, and I had no idea why. I got sucked into the idea that they’re just censoring things. I had no idea of the effect it had on me. I’ve moved more away from social media, and reddit in general over the years. And my heath is far better, and I’m far happier. Looking back it’s obvious that subreddit wasn’t motivating me in any regard, it was making me a shittier person. Laughing at myself because of how bad things have gotten. But if someone is unable to spend an entire day with you without you pointing out an “obeast” then you have a problem an you’re just annoying. The same thing happened to /r/cringeanarchy only it was way more political, and more people were aware of the change in the vibe. The ones doubling down that nothing was wrong we’re saying the most disgusting shit when Notre Dam burned, and were actively generating a conspiracy theory in real-time /r/TheDonald I have even less experience with. During the electing I popped in and out to get a feeling for him as a candidate but was immediately turned off by the subreddit. I mentioned I was a vet in a comment, and I had a few responses saying “how happy they were to have vets on their side”. Then on another comment I was “against vets and the military” because I floated the idea that they get a lot of money and assistance already. I was banned because I asked a question, can’t remember what it was. But after that I only glanced at it to get a feel for how his base would react to something in the news. I think it’s a good thing it’s banned. But it won’t fix anything. Reddit is broken, this we know. But it’s also up to us to step away from this shit and understand the very real effect it’s having on us. Humans are social creatures. Social media changes how we communicate, and we’re still adjusting to this new paradigm. Personal responsibility is paramount. I’m happy I was able to take accountability for the way I think when it was just making fun of overweight people like an everyday asshole, and not going down the political rabbit hole of spreading the idea that people are coming for me and my way of life.
Is it weird I want to jump into it?
I just wat he’s it blind with my girlfriend last week, and we were both very keen that something was strange with the old man character. When he first shows up on screen I said “is that an old man or someone in old man makeup??”. And the characters lines sounded badly dubbed sometimes. We immediately chalked it up to being an old German actor, and they wanted his lines to be clear or something. I was blown away upon hearing it was Tilda Swinton, what a fantastic actress she is. It made me think about how she and so many other characters are in marvel movies, where they get paid way more without having to do anything.
His recent Oldboy review was pretty fantastic. Anyone who likes the original Oldboy will get a Plinkett-style fix from the video.
Once you learn that most people just trying to live their lives and usually aren’t on a team, you’ll feel happier.
Right well that’s why we’re saying that’s not the reason they passed on it.
How about that premiere line that have setup at AMC’s? Basically you can be waiting twenty minutes but if someone gets in the premiere line then they’ll still get priority. I want to do their membership because they have something similar to movie pass but always makes buying concessions long and awkward as fuck. I’m sorry I just wanted to rant about that bullshit system.
Yeah but that was Stark Glove Mark I Stark tech allowed him to triumph over time, and to literally wield the infinity stones. I don’t doubt a couple more years and Stark could’ve just made his own infinity stones entirely from a box of scraps.
"Lol get fucked, God" -Science!
Never seen British parliament have you? Unless you mean “we” as in humans.
You seem to care a lot about what people do.
L's detective power level allowed him to not need evidence.
Never watched an ounce of Star Trek but I saw a 51 minute time code on the video and damn near busted 2 nuts. Love these guys.
An ALL FEMALE Chalie's Angels?? Ugh enough with this PC remake pandering bullshit
There's probably not a cop, nor a lawyer, nor a judge alive who would care about that in this case.
You know that junk drawer that everyone has in their kitchen? The one with the pens, tape, and an oven mitt sometimes? Every server has a cash drawer that they just throw into until they organize it for the bank.
[Is it safe? Is it safe?](https://youtu.be/PQtM1syENmQ)
He couldn’t even give her a day to rest, she said she wanted to be alone that night, and she doesn’t like being touched. David was doing some projection the make it seem like he was physically there, which would be a new thing for them as a couple and he didn’t even talk about it with her. I think that even without the mind-fuckery, David didn’t really have consent.
What about when they went back and she said basically said “not tonight, can you sleep in your own room?” Then projects himself in to have sex with her, in a way that was new for both of them. Even with all of the context of altering Syds mind, she clearly wanted to rest and David wouldn’t respect that because he was so afraid of losing her.
They wrote the dialogue...and it is appearing in the show...and it’s been mentioned a couple of times already...it’s already a thing. Gonna say that David can’t be called “The World Killer” because that’s not a thing?
Source is the short lived “Clerks the Animated Series” for anyone wondering. 6 episodes of gold!
I’m not calling everyone who encounters a scenario like this a rapist, and I’m not even explicitly calling David a rapist. I believe the show itself is purposely in a gray area so people can see different things. I said maybe she wasn’t against it, but she didn’t seem at all for it. David misses a lot of signals, he isn’t truthful with her, his intent isn’t to love her, and he doesn’t respect her boundaries (even if she came around in the end).
Don’t forget the remake to The Grudge
I’m a pretty big pc gamer but I’d have to agree this is one of the prettiest looking games I’ve seen. What are some games you’d rate as *prettier* though, technical details not withstanding
Do you...understand what history is?
Are you very young? Because my brain is having a hard time even processing that it’s a real thing, I’m pretty impressed
Yeah I guess I’m a boomer too if disliking the prequels somehow means your old? Those movies suck, no amount of memes makes them good.
Very likely a bath bomb. My boss showed me a video of him getting pissed on by his husband in a tub, and the water looked exactly like this. I told him it was gross how much pee there was in the tub, but he explained that it is a bath bomb and they both also thought it looked like piss...so he had his husband just pee on him.
I can see it with Luke walking off screen on that wide shot, while Rey looks clueless. big white text appearing with a smarmy dude narrating “Don’t let something valuable go to waste. FU BANK”
Episode of what? Curious
I know I’ll get crucified for this but I feel the same way about pretty much all Star Wars media after the original trilogy, prequels included. Star Wars were these 3 lighting-in-a-bottle movies that came out in the late 70s/early 80s that changes the idea of what a blockbuster is. Everything that came out after is just franchising.
Idk man, the internet is a crazy place. I’m not coming here just to bitch I find the memes funny and bet a lot of other people here do too, but idk why that means anyone would have to sugar coat their opinions one way or another.
After he called him a pedo he appeared in the Joe Rogan show, he changed his Twitter picture an anime character, and has successfully turned himself into a full meme. Now, anytime someone criticizes this very public figure, others show up to zealously defend him. It’s so weird. Memes are mind control.
Dude these packages are supposed to survive extreme environments and the vacuum of space and he's *punching them into dust*. He's already hopped up!
Also when Hendy mentioned it at the end of the party I took it as a hint that Hendy is both full understanding and using that to his advantage same way joe does
He mentioned taking martial arts for credits in college and talks about the need for physical fitness if you’re going to be killing people lol
Kids aren’t that dumb
Lol more like they just enjoy talking about movies and found a way to get paid doing it
Do they not have the cognitive development to recognize names over the years and the things said about them? Do they need the details of the politics to see the bullshit?
Meme make mind
&gt; Let the government be in charge of this because I dont trust this kind of power in anyones hands. Found the flaw
I do the same thing I’ll go months without playing but I’ll keep it updated, at least ever since the new launcher. Back when we had to reinstall the game every time I’d never think about doing it.
&gt;I decide who I kill, that’s got nothing to do with the govt Sorry but if you’re in the military then any killing you do you’d better hope is sanctioned by your government, otherwise it’s just murder. You realize this?
Have you considered that memes are brainwashing you!
So she says on a tweet, there’s nothing verifying her life is that dramatic
Thank you for saying so. I know people get drawn in to the scenario but just turning around to skree was funny to me
No but HOUSE RULES ARE! AND THAT IS AN ESPECIALLY COMMON ONE.
It does and can. I “killed” many ships simply by out maneuvering them, having them totally slam into stations or asteroids with no idea how to really corner.
It’s not so much nobility as it is a little more consistent.
Nobody had time to hate it because everyone forgot about it the moment they walked out of the theater.
Maybe this guy also saw the zillions of other videos where people do this, knew it was all for a good time, and decided to ham it up anyway because it makes for a better time?
I think this dude is using Lysol...
We're all brothers and sisters in arms now, boot.
14k upvotes and everyone in the comments is shitting on it with less than 1k upvotes. What a disparity between people who scroll and vote vs people who browse reddit as a forum and are left wondering what the fucking purpose of this sub is.
I’d take that bet in a heart beat
Are you extremely young and only just noticed?
Year 7 for me. Maybe another year or two before that as a lurker, but after the Digg crash is when I rolled in.
Wtf caught this while my roommates were watching and spotted Ezra Miller as Snyder’s version of the Flash and TV version gives Movie version the idea for the name The Flash.
Wait'll you hear how weirdly active /r/CuteFemaleCorpses used to be
In hindsight it would’ve actually been hilarious if you lose a lot of health by dragon-sprinting directly into a wall.
You know, like when you use all fours to run up the stairs? Dragon-sprinting.
Spongebob just does part-time work to keep him busy and keeps a strong positive attitude to offset that he is a 90% disabled veteran with crippling depression.
Others have mentioned the scale is there it’s just difficult to convey. If you use the camera controls press “F4” + “-“ to zoom in the field of view. When you do that you’ll see how large even a small ship actually is next to a person
“You piece of shit.”
Rule 1 of amateur filmmaking: giving an apology is easier than asking permission.
The entire landscape of the internet has changed, everything is either monetized, created to be monetized, or removed for ever changing advertising guidelines. Honestly fuck advertising and what it’s done to things. I get some people were excited about making some videos and getting a pay day, but it’s like all other motivations for doing anything online has been robbed. It’s not about watching a single ad, it’s that every square second of your time will sought to be monetized if you don’t put your foot down somewhere.
Whaaat? City hall is an impressive building for sure, if only because of its architecture and history alone. However it’s literally surrounded by philly skyscrapers and has been for a long time
Even his scar looked outright goofy, I know the character has been parodied to kingdom come and back, but damn...what a waste
That's a real shame, and it would seem you have a little ways to go for developing your eye. I think I speak for many on here when I say, those trailers *reeked* of bland
No no, you misunderstood. I’m saying the movie **looked bad**, was I wrong?
I still can’t even believe he isn’t in smash. Wtf he has like the perfect move set.
You got a PSG-1?! You can use that to defeat Sniper Wolf. Hurry up and save Meryl!
Your cynicism is being taken advantage of.
Honestly that’s pennies. Especially when it comes to a necessary investigation probing the claims of an attack on us from a foreign power. [The president has apparantly cost over 100 million in taxpayers money though his golf trips alone. ](https://trumpgolfcount.com) I’m okay with spending when it’s actually for the benefit of America. But hey...I actually love my country and the effect that the president will have on my personal bank account doesn’t change how I feel about them. I guess that makes me LiBerAL
[To be fair, he sort of brought all that on himself. Blame the dems all day and all night, it doesn’t change the fact that the president has no understanding of optics.](https://youtu.be/3kxG8uJUsWU). Also considering every intelligence committee we have had overwhelming reason to believe that Russia attacked our elections, and then proof, I don’t see any reason why we shouldn’t investigate a president if nearly all of their words and actions seemingly help Russia with their agenda.
Ugh, the only thing worse than an American who cares too much about politics while not understanding how things work is a Canadian who cares too much about American politics while not understanding how things work.
“They got robots making jokes now? Pfff...Trump” Damn okay I feel called out. I need to relax
If you don’t care about cost why point out the cost of the probe? Do you care about the cost of the presidents golf trips? And I’m saying that it’s a pretty reasonable conclusion from the public’s point of view based on what they’ve seen. It’s not just radicals on Reddit, as you describe. Based off of a few of my comments, would you consider me a “radical”?
But that investigation resulted in strong evidence for the Russian meddling, actual Russian agents being caught and arrested, and shed light on actual traitors that were working with the administration. Including Manafort, Papadopolous, and Stone. Also the investigation concluded obstruction was pretty much happening at every turn, directly from the White House. But Mueller stated they were following the rule where you can’t indict a sitting president anyway, and left it up to congress. Idk, I’m not shy about hiding my bias against the current administration but I’m far from radical. The President called the investigation illegal at every turn except when it suited him, more of his cabinet have been arrested or resigned than any other before, these things are happening in plain sight. It’s a reasonable conclusion to come to, not a radical one. I could give a fuck about policy, I’d settle for having a president that doesn’t act like an enormous pussy all the time. Edit: look at all your comments and submissions, now look at mine, now look at yours again, now back to mine. What you’ll see is me talking shit on the president whenever the situation calls for it, as well as bullshitting about movies and games and whatever else I feel like wasting my time on. Yours however seems to be only politics, and the air of your comments is of one who has his mind pretty much decided. Who is the radical one? The one who asks questions or the one whose willingness to defend an administration that cares nothing for you has seemingly infected every part of your life? Keep trying to make common sense look crazy. Keep playing Russia’s game. Dumbass.
“Russia gate”? Lmao how much cable news are you watching
I made it to :28 seconds, when he is immediately deflated on the first question. How are you guys watching this?
Again, refer to my other comment where you said the same thing about radicalization. It's not a radical conclusion when you follow the facts provided by that 32 million dollar investigation you keep mentioning. Look at your submissions and then look at mine and ask yourself which looks more radical
Look at all your posts. Look at mine. Who is the radical here?
Oh poor me I don’t know how information online works. Your poor understanding of how things work isn’t proof of radicalization and you saying it over and over again doesn’t make it true. You post everything in caps and make claims about mods being rapists and you say normal people are the radical ones. You need to get offline for a minute. At this point I’m not talking to your petty ass, I’m addressing the common sense of anyone who has the misfortune to read this thread.
[Anybody reading this can just skip to the end when he essentially admitted he’s a troll:](https://www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/espyqz/opening_of_trump_impeachment_trial_draws_11/ffcya6w/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf) Save yourself some time. Use common sense. Ignore shit like this.
[I wasted my time and all I got was this weak troll](https://www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/espyqz/opening_of_trump_impeachment_trial_draws_11/ffcya6w/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf) you made the right call.
They’d call off school probably though.
I’m not going to lie, I smoke all the time and I think about this phrase pretty much every time I do. I enjoy smoking, it’s a great way to relax, and it was very helpful for depression, but too much of it and I can lose a lot of time and productivity. This succinctly explained the real dangers of pot in ways that “drug education” never had, and it’s words I heed carefully as I indulge.
There is no “micro” or “macro” evolution. Just evolution. Your comment has a fundamental misunderstanding of the subject, regardless of how much you “geek out to science”.
Friday the 13th The game itself is buggy as heck, and if you play with random people online it can be a uncoordinated mess between people who don’t know how to play/don’t talk/people who try to hard to win. Best played with 1 or 2 other friends amongs a room of randoms, you and your friend can work together and I’ve had fantastic games this way. When you play with friends, it’s just a fun game of virtual hide and seek. The bugs can be laughed at together, Jason’s actually try to scare people, goals can be accomplished with a modest amount of team work. Max 8 players which isn’t too many to gather for a full game but can still prove difficult especially if you’re older.
So fucking ironic considering their positivity towards The Mandalorian, the show streaming on a platform they hate from a franchise they practically built a brand on hating. It’s obvious these franchises were dear to them at some point, they wouldn’t care so hard otherwise. And they almost always have a good reason for feeling the way they do, besides trying to just come up with hot takes.
Yeah that guy used filler wrong because dragon ball doesn’t have any filler, it’s just the same story told over and over again
Bojack Horseman is also very good for this. Humor that is so on-the-nose and literal that it’s so stupid and yet it takes a master comedy writer to come up with a joke like that.
I was specifically regarding the literal-joke delivery that should make the dialogue sound terrible but makes it hilarious. The animation and pure number of jokes in the background is in a league of its own all together. I can’t recommend the show enough.
&gt;There’s nothing worse than hearing somebody say, ‘Oh, you made that movie? I thought that movie sucked,’ and you have to agree with them, you know? . —David Fincher, on Aliens 3
For the record I’m totally okay with Aliens 3, it’s just one of my favorite quotes by a director ever.
When an individual is in intense anguish and not at peace within themselves, (we usually generalize and say mentally ill) then they often cause damage to themselves and others. A society works the same way. Self-harm is the result, not the message
I went to the protests yesterday as they started to transform it would have been so unreasonably easy. I had my foot in a busted att store just taking my time to look around. Even felt tempted, but that’s not why I was there so I ignored that feeling
Because New Vegas was a good game with lots bugs, but it was a complete game. 76 was an incomplete game sold for full price, and nearly 2 years people are finally starting to say some good things about it. That’s not bad for an early access game, but for a AAA developer it’s pretty weak. That’s not even touching the full scope of the disaster of 76s launch. I hear people when they say it’s sort of good now, but for most it’s too far gone for any of us to really care.
I don’t particularly care about the rioting and looting, so you may be mistaking indifference for support
No I went because I got tired of the internet and media telling me how reality is. I went to show support, hand out masks, and I cleaned up a little trash. I’m sure I, on a technical level, did absolutely nothing. And yet I think I’ll keep doing it because it feels better than being angry on the internet anymore. I’m tired of it, and I don’t care what the media says about anything. Addit: media is also twitter and reddit, just go see
Hey how about you take your comment and apply that logic to protesters? It's literally the same shit
Perhaps not but it's when many of my vet friends who voted for Trump knew something was wrong, and it's when I knew I didn't have to be silent. This message from Mattis tells me that I have to do more than not be silent. Be open because the facts are plain as day: Trump is a fascist. It's not hyperbole or a politically charged comment, its a direct observation.
It would most assuredly make things worse
**GUYS WERE COOL** ^^SHUT ^^THE ^^FU-
Read the room
Oh nooooo, were they in life is strange?
I dislike the game but the soundtrack IS tight
Many former Marines are feeling this way, and we are feeling like we have a fire under our ass ever since Mattis put out his word. I got a guy in Ohio who voted for Trump, now he's coming to me about bringing others together to protest this asshole and do whatever we can. I don't know what we can do, but we all have to do something.
Thanks this will be a good start, I’ll be able to find PA resources myself. I know about half the people in my life who tried to vote for Bernie couldn’t because they weren’t registered as democrats. And things like this is what infuriate me when I hear the right say all Democrats are socialists who hate America. Most have them were pigeonholed into that party! We need a NEW SYSTEM. One with that makes use infrastructure and technology we have available to us.
I know you’re joking but for anyone reading, 35mm film can go up to the equivalent of 5K resolution
I desperately need a new video of Klepper interviewing Trump voters
I’m feeling pretty over every single politiction out there. Having black people in his life does not change my skepticism of any of their actions
I can only watch a stand up comedian if they’ve done like 3 sexual assaults though, just my taste
That other persons answer wasn’t very enlightening, seems terrible by their own description
I would have tried to reel him in with a salute. [Make him eat up the fake nationalism, then change into the bird.](https://i.gifer.com/Ma9Q.mp4)
It just turned into degrassi with less likability
There is literally nothing gayer than a straight marine
Anytime someone wants to knock an individual business for being responsible, remind them that we have no national or even solid state standard of guidelines or requirements to navigate the pandemic. Everyone has been passing responsibility down the ladder to the point where it’s on individuals to take care of themselves. I went to protests and started back at my serving job and yet nobody in my life told me or recommended that I get tested. I just did it myself. If someone wants to tell me that we’re taking things too seriously I just say that if everyone had gotten on board earlier then we would be done with these safety measures. But we’ll probably never be done with them at this point.
He’s the least “malicious” amongst the group but still insults people and sometimes leads them astray. He told that one lady she needed a nose job, he commandeered Jerry’s apartment while indulging in Kenny’s Chicken, told George to park in a Handicapped Space, and attempts to file frivolous lawsuits at every turn!
It’s a comment that seems to be fed up with everyday people not taking care/training their dogs as they properly should. This isnt extreme, this is just a properly trained German shepherd
That dog is extremely happy, they just love doing activities and enjoy fulfilling commands. Training is a exercise and education for a dog, the happiest receive a lot of it. Our human brains hear the abrupt yelling, and the lack of paying attention to the dog as cold. But honestly he’s just properly communicating with his dog. I scared my brother once because I was talking to him, then put on my trainer voice to give my dog a command. He jumped because I was so loud and sudden. But you need to make sure your dog hears you loud and clear to receive a command
Anticipation is expected when doing a similar routines but it's not an indicator that the dog is any less properly trained. Just signifies to the trainer that it's time to mix it up, but the dog still obeyed on command. By comparison my dog will begin to automatically roll while waiting food because I went too long asking for a rollover before he ate
It's a well trained dog competing in a obedience competition, and you're going to say the it's not that great? Because it looks like it might anticipate a command or two? lol
Nows the point where tell the redditor with high standards that I’d loooove to see a video of your dog acting like this. Let’s see your standards in action, I eagerly away nothing but sass and another downvote since I’m sure that’s all you can provide 24 hours later: nothing
Overrated is probably one of the most misused words when talking about movies. It’s rated well among certain demographics, most of which you’d find on reddit. Both Younger and older people don’t really care about it
They got me to join the navy because I was walking down the street and some guy popped his head out the window and said “HEY YOU! JOIN THE NAVY”. And I didn’t have anything else going on that day
He looked like he just learned that you can deny a handshake. “Huh..never saw that move”
So it’s like those inflatable glove arms that spongebob ordered? Do they come in hairy?
The reply you responded to said "Superbad isn't shit", hardly the highest of praise. I know what you mean, but this ain't it
“Well try one of the smaller subreddits”
You just nailed my annoyance with obsession for canon in Star Wars, Rick and Morty, games like Elder Scrolls. Pretty much anything where people get more into reading a wiki page than actually enjoying the source
Bluepoint did great work on the Shadow of the Colossus remake, it should be noted
To me, it’s just because there are other better Katara focused episodes shortly thereafter which left The Painted Lady feel a little extra in hindsight. The Blind Bandit, The Puppetmaster, and The Southern Raiders were all in the same season and we’re just steps above the Painted Lady for various reasons.
Show me your standard of dog training in action
True but don’t let that nuance and truth stop idiots from feeling defensive over their own party lines, shits hilarious
“Millennials are killing apple bees” Vibes from this comment
From what I’ve learned from protests, it’s that BLM is simply an outcry of citizens who feel there is something wrong in their country, from a racial perspective. Hell most the people who voted for Trump did so because they knew something drastic needed to change. Everyone is on the same side and they don’t even know it Edit: just reread this convo, what did you mean “we’re not allowed to have this conversation” what do you think is even happening??
Yes, be wary of any organization that is using the terms generated from the general public as their brand. I wish I didn’t have to tell people that, but it’s a confusing world we live in. I’d be wary of an official organization called “Occupy Wall-Street” when that’s what was on peoples minds. Frustrating shit, because it’s pretty obvious how people’s fears keep getting played to keep the status quo in check.
Well the country is talking about BLM as bit of a zeitgeist term, the people getting angry about the group are being played. They’re criticizing a group and yet nobody was even talking about the group to begin with. Maybe that’s why these people got fired?
This is my point in response to his comment. What people continue to misinterpret as “cancel culture” is just people choosing to take their business elsewhere. You can’t be upset at the people deciding for themselves what they want, it’s literally how America works
Just got off an American flight, if they’re throwing out lifetime bans then I just walked by like 7 or 8 people without them. They should get on it
Wow wasn’t expecting a reference to “Enemy Mine” It’s a 1985 sci-fi flick about an interstellar war between humans and aliens. Two opposing pilots crash land on an inhospitable planet and learn to live together. It’s under the radar but a good movie
Formal Organizations that use slogans generated by the public aside, what’s wrong with people declaring that black lived matter? Maybe the signs were put there by the people and not the organization you think is bad.
If I've learned anything through through the years, it's that android users absolutely loath iPhones/users while iPhone users tend to not care
Less overall strain on healthcare. When everything was still popping, hospitals were backed up and now that it has at least "slowed", the strain isn't as bad resulting in less deaths. More experience treating it too, as others have said. But the whole flattening the curve thing had the express purpose to reduce the strain all at once, not so much to completely eliminate it as many would believe
All polls and news that Trump is slipping are comforting lies. Don’t be pacified by whatever reality the news sells you
Fuck the talent, that’s the result of work and dedication that comes from the pure love of doing something! Amazing work!
Seems too cynical to me
[“Make love to Mother Nature! Dig a hole, and put in some water for lubrications and go to town 😊! Just a thought...”](https://youtu.be/yfL4OLNgOok)
That should be the real thing worth sharing
Technically true but also 100% of the time I’ve heard anyone saying “ItS LeGal tEnDEr”, they’re being an asshole even if they’re technically correct. So much so that I literally only associate the phrase “legal tender” with the defense of being an asshole because you’re technically allowed. It’s the “she just turned 18!” of shit heard in retail.
If I’m serving and i get a baggie of coins I’m refusing it, I have shit to do and whatever tip is in there isn’t worth my time. I’d point them to the service bar and tell them to cash out through the bartender and to just pass the tip to them. I’d thank them and tell them to have a nice day, and it wouldn’t be bad service or the resteraunt refusing at any point. The bartender might take their sweet time getting around to cashing the person out but again nobody would be refusing. I’d refuse to serve them in the future though, but again that’s my right as a server to not serve anyone I don’t want to.
Nah, I work at a good place. Nobody has to take a table for any reason they choose, and in turn I’ve literally never seen anyone refuse a table. Get what I mean? It’s a local pub kind of place, they look out for us and we do our best for them. I don’t see anyone abusing the benefits of working there atm, I’m very lucky. This hasn’t happened but if every server was to refuse service to a person, then the managers would trust us enough to not want that persons business anyway. Or they’d get served by the managers, likely not
Ayyyyy the exception to the rule I stated earlier is probably when people are just talking about situations while not being actively present in them, sorry if my last comment came off as aggressive or anything!
I mean she is just objectively terrible but also without actually doing it I get the feeling like if I click on OPs username I'll see like 50 million posts all with similar titles...
This is upsetting...fuck Marines who think being a Marine is their ticket to being a man. They're weak boot bitches.
There’s nothing objective about it honestly, I’m just tired of every single person in this corrupt system. Every single one. Especially anyone over 50 years old anymore, I’m tired of them. However these corrupt and heartless people are still a better alternative to actual fascism, which is what Trump is legitimately sowing...it’s incredibly frustrating to be an American right now
We have the same thing in Philadelphia and police are told not to pursue. So if you’re robbing a bank in Philly make sure your getaway car is an atv and you’d be good
Yeah they were probably like “okay Wöller B is also terribly inexplicably injured and we’ll also never explain that” It’s this shows “Noodle Incident”, imagine meeting your alternate self and it’s like “oh...so it happened to you too...I guess losing an eye isn’t too bad”
Same! I had a moment where I thought it was a different actress since she’s aged a little bit too
I think he looked incredibley handsome with the eye patch too tbh. He has a very heartfelt-looking stare which I just found very attractive
I accidentally hit “skip recap” and was like “welp, this show is already confusing as hell I didn’t need a reminder on the 900 characters and their timeline counterparts anyway, yolo”
Why go something sleek and curvy when you can have big and veiny?
I’m no stand-up comedian but I’ve turned a stutter into some belly laughs a couple of times! It’s like a spin-out, after a certain point you need to steer into it and maybe even call more attention to it and people will laugh and not even really pay attention to the stutter itself. Sometimes when I really stumble I’ll just go full verbal diarrhea like porky pig and then restart my sentence fresh without blinking an eye and that’s usually enough to get people laughing with me rather than at me
We can’t stop, it’s too dangerous! We have to slow down first!
“There wasn’t a consensus” Intelligence doesn’t even work like this. It takes raw data, organizes and projects scenarios based on available factors and things subject to change. I only worked on a company level but in my experience our job was never to say “okay here is what will definitely happen” Edit: ~~Its like getting angry that it’s raining even though your weather app didn’t say 100% chance of rain~~ scratch that...it’s like saying you didn’t look at your weather app because it didn’t say 100% chance of rain. That’s how little sense it makes
They pretend to care about the military but just love the patriotic imagery and the feeling they get when they say how much they support the troops. Source: Marine who’s family won’t listen even attempt to understand my opinions, or listen to my experience despite me being the only one in the family who served. This happening to many of my Marine friends, the one guy’s Dad won’t even speak to him anymore because he believes “hEs A dEmoCrAt”. They don’t care. It’s all about them, supporting troops and even “their country” is secondary to them feeing like they’re “winning”
That was the easy way...easier for them so they don’t have to deal with his screaming
Not specifically about the military because that hasn’t been a direct topic lately but things like the force the police is allowed to use as well as their training, the violation of civil liberties that have been going on, how “intel” actually works, things like that. Also because I don’t get upset about things like looting or statues getting torn down like they do. When I explain the unfortunate truth that moderate-America who has never served likely has no idea what violence and revolution actually look like, they shut me down pretty quick. And I said, this isn’t unique to me. Nearly every Marine I served with is going through something similar, my one friends father won’t even speak to him. Mine just tells me to go fuck myself when I speak my mind...my dad has been a liberal hippy his whole life too. That’s how easy it is to scare old white people with a few news stories about “violent protestors”
You’d think but of your average moderate folks who lived through that time simply continued living their lives without caring or participating. Then they say “oh it sorted itself out”. I asked my work-Karen (her real name is Karen) if she ever looked at one of her history books growing up and saw people pictures of people fighting for their rights and thought “wow what great Americans they are, fighting for themselves and those around them”. She simply responded “no.” These people have never had their citizenship/livelihood/anything that was established in their lives called into question and can’t even perceive of such a threat.
FLAGS EVERYWHERE I'm an American that has left the country a few times, and each time I come back I'm a little more embarrassed about how much we jerk it to the flag
