the graphics in this game amazed me when it came out. the blurring effects. the camo. rendering of shadows. It was truly a time to be alive
kucoin is so slow and buggy. clear your cache and try again
why are you focusing on price lol. You clearly have no clue what you are doing and the coins you listed are over valued. Google market cap and understand how it works first before you make any more stupid mistakes
damn it has that much replay value?
id go heavy on SUB or ETHOS (BQX) as they both have platform releases coming very soon.
how much was dlc
What if I put in $10k in 2017 and cash out my original investment in 2018? any clue?
Thanks
But wouldn’t I just be breaking even? I’d only be pulling out the investment not profits. The 10k profits would be left on the exchange
UTK is in this same space I believe too
Ethos, Sub, Icon, Wan, Utrust
And in my opinion has a better chance to disrupt some major industries
what can we expect from the Homebrew launcher in terms of capabilities in the future?
I saw one just like it on UTK 2 days ago and it was eaten in about 2 hours. SUB isnt new to these walls. lots of whales trying to acquire cheaper coins before beta goes public.
where did you see 1/15 as the beta rollout date?
pascal is insane and tons of people are talking about it
Yeah UTrust is going to defeat REQ
Guess what...One already exists. Its called Ethos and its launching the Universal Wallet in Q1 of this year. The liquidity network and fiat gateway will basically make Coinbase a thing of the past. Were talking horse and buggy to hovercars
Great...another BR type game. This shit needs to fucking die already. I'd rather we go back to zombie games
Lol go research the coin. I’m not here to do your homework for you. Join the Reddit. Join one of their 4 telegram chats. Go watch Suppomans YouTube video on BQX/Ethos. I got in at .05 cents. Hit $10 last night. Many think it’ll hit $100 by end of 2018. Either you’re in or you’re foolish
I’d be okay with that
KuCoin is a newer exchange. They're understaffed and over exerted. theyve stated, publicly, theyre obtaining additional server support and personelle to assist with the massive increase in volume they're experiencing. This isnt like managing your moms friends hair salon website dude. Its pretty intricate. If you dont trust them, dont use them. Their volume has basically 5x over the last week on their coin alone. why would they exit scam at this point when they're basically printing fucking money just by being in a bull market.
and this is why you invest in cryptocurrencies. Traditional banking, asset management, and financial equality have failed us.
you need to call your bank to let them know you'll be cashing out. also, anything above 8.8k-10k i think you have to notify the IRS. The bank could flag withdraws/transfers over that amount and lock your account for questionable activity.
pretty sure anytime your kid or kids get into something they shouldnt be...Juggling one while the other spills milk or puts muddy hands on the couch while you're wearing a dress shirt. The obsticles they provide are all mini games
started as 127 btc. he keeps showing up and removing all but 10 BTC and lets it get eaten. the psycological factor of it going from GOD DAMN to ehhh 10 btc aint so bad is what causes people to eat into it.
no hes still popping off between 8 and 15 btc walls. someone just bought 7 btc at once though
im trying to accumulate as much sub as i can to run nodes against. I have a few separate machines and IP Addresses ready to go. should be great. Really curious what the staking rewards for it will be
shitty for those of us without any extra capital to buy more
is there a website that has all these tricks listed?
we need this now as BTC is stress tested. I think this is why it couldnt pass 20k to be honest. too fucking expensive to even use or send. mix this in with instantaneous atomic swaps and crypto will be looking good for 2018
Why can't they just give specific dates? I get their probably running an Agile scrum, but even sprint iterations have specific end dates for reiterating additional backlogs. This shit isnt rocket science. They either have zero project managers that know what the fuck they are doing, or are facing serious issues rolling out the beta.
LOL I did too! I said that the consistent speculative rolling dates (nothing confirmed) is likely hurting their reputation. Not the fudders spreading defamation. I was instantly muted. How joyfully ironic and shady as fuck. I get not wanting people to perpetuate FUD, but fucking cmon. The admins in the TG group can't even respond to fucking questions. Its just Justin occasionally dropping some comments. Don't get it twisted. SUB has some stellar community activity. They are active on Twitter. run badass contests. They even like retweets and shit. Yet any mention of calling out rolling deadlines or missed dates is a ban/mute. A company advocating freedom of information shouldn't be pulling this shit.
you honestly bring up some valid points Dude the CIO is filing bankruptcy? thank god hes not the CFO. Honestly he shouldnt have his money sitting on any exchange if he has no intent on selling. He probably isnt selling but is probably manipulating the price as they indicated 'many of us are buying more'..hence pushign the price down to buy more. Also keep in mind that even loading a page while logged in often loads your entire balance the last executed price so it could look like hes 'ready' to sell but its really the exchange just loading the up relevant data. go log into binance on a coin you own and see what happens. same shit. its all speculation at this point and for them to sell before even a beta launch is stupid. lets all just chill
Hmmm yes odd. Maybe he was playing a wall or “what if”
I like it. Keep that shit up. Those who get angry at questions deserve them the most. George Carlin said we need to question everything. That’s the only thing I don’t question.
Same here This is how you fucking lose investors
You were banned just like half of us for asking legit questions I suggested being more transparent with dates. Muted then banned.
this is the dumbest grasping at strays example ive seen yet
As a PM who is scrum certified and is familiar with agile methodologies, i still think they could do better with adhering to dates. I get it. Agile flexibility makes it easy to miss milestone dates as you de and reprioritize the product backlog, but cmon. this is a coin/token were talking about here, not an actual company with stocks/shares and earnings reports. we need shit to go on to validate against their ability to deliver. without dates and key milestones being kept in check, we have little control (measure) against how theyre doing as a team or company.
exactly this. We're buying their tokens based on speculative future worth. The least they can do is list and adhere to roadmap dates and milestone trackers so we can measure their conviction against.
Yes. instead, it seems the team itself is becoming triggered off of the questions and concerns. News flash..we're your customers. While we are not technically share holders, we are in a vague sense, meaning transparency to keep those invested on-board is a crucial step. The mentality of 'well if you dont like what we do, then sell your tokens and let someone else buy them!' is wrong. Not saying that *is* their mentality, but it *could* be construed that way. The AMA's were a *fantastic* step in the right direction. I loved those. It gave us reassurance, insight, and direction on where this team is headed. If you're a SUB team member and you see stupid ass FUD somewhere you can easily dispel, use that mindset to dispel it. Don't get pissy and censor your customers.
Price dumped hard. They clearly don’t care
This is literally from a fucking month ago. Old news.
LOL The price fucking tanked HARDER after the news than what it was before the news. price has fallen 45% in the last 5 days. I feel even a beta release wont stop people from dumping on this coin now
and 10 hours after posting, the price is lower than what it was before
Hes saying bittrex no longer matters. Binance passed it in volume and open accounts anyway. We have little left, aside from beta or public release, to move the price up any. Right now, were treading water and sinking slowly because of the market FUD and release delays (substantiated or not)
SUB stated 'early january' for a release of the beta. 15th of january concludes early january. were now in mid to late january.
BTC did nothing. market tanked with more chinese and Korean FUD
They wont get listed on bittrex. The CEO will eat his own dick before bittrex adds them
Bittrex is under heavy watch from the US. They arent adding any new coins unless something gets delisted. even then, they arent adding anything new for the foreseeable future. On top of that, their doors are closed to new accounts. There is too much stacking up against SUB getting added to delude myself thinking it will
id kill for $10 sub.
easy. people that got burned buying at the top of the ATH from last week sold at the first opportunity they could from yesterdays news. Mix that with the Chinese FUD released this morning and people take profits before price plummets. The market is scared right now. The only thing that'll save SUBs price is a beta release or the market recovering with some cascading good news
exactly. And since Node packets look like any other packet, ISPs cant exactly track through traditional means.
SUB has accomplished more in half the time, and, guess what?! SUB is offering more than just decentralized internet too! I guess it pays to know what you're talking about. SUB also doesn't have its developers talk shit about other coins. They don't need to. Their progress and updates speak for themselves. But to answer OPs question..SUB is a VPNless VPN running a node based network to allow people to access restricted sites whether your running a node or simply passing through one. Full end-to-end hosting capabilities are in the pipeline with some amazing initiatives on their roadmap. I can't speak to SKY other than the fact that they seem a bit to preoccupied with what SUB is doing than focusing on their own efforts.
SUB and ICX. Both have major releases this month. Ethos I also see as a $100 coin once the Universal wallet and fiatgateway is implemented. It all starts in Q1
releasing in this shit show is the only thing to stop further dumping, but you may be right. people could just take profit and get out while the market sucks. I bought more at 148. 130. and now were back at fucking 115. if we go sub 10k sats, its more than a dip...
$30 would be 6+Billion market cap. Thats highly unlikely. Youre asking for a 20x increase at least from right now. If we can hit HALF that by end of 2018 id be happy. Regarding today's price. It hurts to look at. If i had any extra money id be buying more, but i bought the dip at 14k sats and its still just bleeding. rather pointless to continue to hedge down on a falling knife...
Hes only partially right. Governments can't ban crypto. At least temporarily. They can most definitely stop banks from accepting transfers from exchanges like coinbase. They can shut down bittrex and Gemini and Kraken without hesitation. What we need are decentralized options to not only trade with, but to cash out, when and if the time comes. Regulation brings consistency and trust, but too much of it locks us into a nightmare we can't escape. Even if we manage to get decentralized exchanges outside the reach of uncle sam. Or if retailers start accepting crypto as paymets. The governments can still do a lot of damage to get their hands on our wealth. Say Costco starts accepting LTC as payment..well Uncle Sam could require than you disclose your originating wallet and person information when paying so that they capture all your precious information. wouldnt be long before they track your wallets and know exactly how much you hold and where. Now isnt the time to get cocky
and it just dipped even further. my guess is if we go sub 8k..we fucked. traditionally btc hasnt gone more than around 60% from ATH before recovering
we need substratum running on top of decentralized exchanges that allow atomic swaps while the cryptopay adoption grows. being able to throw btc on a prepaid card and use it for whatever the fuck i want would be insane. decentralized exchanges will help ensure privacy is protected while rights are upheld. SUB can be a part of this.
It didn’t go beyond 60%.
EXN (ExchangeN) is a scam. they did an exit scam. coin is still circulating. Do not buy it. Also, don't buy RISE on any exchange except for Bittrex. Different chains and you cant remove from wallet. DGTX the Digital Futures exchange *looks like* it might be a scam too. its in ICO. lots of pump groups are pushing the promo code for 30% bonus tokens for referrals. smells of scam.
This is a step beyond disguising the packets. This is knowing where the packets originate from, so even if they’re disguised, they know the packets are malicious.
I’m not talking about your average home network. I’m talking about deep packet inspection on a government and ISP level. China’s blocking technology you better believe will use NGFW mechanics in mind. I’m fearful the Chinese tests so far have been Successful so far is because China hasn’t blocked them yet but can easily determine the packets are coming from a SUB node and software. Just because something hasn’t been blocked doesn’t mean it isn’t detectable.
No it’s run at the ISP level so any traffic running through it detects where it originates from at a software level and governments like China basically control the ISPs
You think a government like China wouldn’t throw a large amount of resources at obtaining the node software to crack this? Be realistic. Their censoring is one of the best in the world. They have government agencies dedicated to just shutting down vpns.
bitcoin has tested 9k twice now. the CBOE futures contracts expire tomorrow. I think we wont see green until at least friday.
Suppoman is an egotistical idiot who controls his shitty SCM group with a dictator like regime. Suppo has zero business calling *anyone* out for bullshit. Don't like ethos or bitdegree or whatever stupid shilled crapcoin he peddles to his SCM group because he got paid to do so? BAN! Trevon is a tool, but Suppo is a straight up idiot. Both liars. Both manipulators.
This. he gets paid by the ICOs to do reviews to shill to ensure they have enough hype to sell out and launch on exchanges. I'd suggest riding the Balina wild ride, but take it at face value. If your coin hits 10x and you think its a marginal product at best..get out. dont hold it. Ian is in it for the money. not tech.
no theyre weekly, monthly, and every 3 months for CBOE. CME is monthly and 3 months.
funny you mention PAFW as that is exactly what made me ask the question. I honestly hope they stay closed source so this isn't backwards engineered to figure out how to sniff whats needed to block
this is amazing
This just raises further questions
not to mention that bonuses would equate to a fraction of a percentage of the wealth being poured into crypto. Lets not delude ourselves. Bonuses from the WS fatcats dont mean shit.
they said the token release is end of the week and exchanges are to immediately follow..so unless something changes. and no, my tokens are fine.
Because of the node itself. Any tech decentralizing the internet is malicious to those controlling it. Cmon now dude. This isn’t that complicated
Because they don’t tell by the packets! They can tell by determining the software being used. The traffic moving looks the same as any other but they’re watching the departing location as they know what to look for.
Did you even read my post? Jesus Christ Dude. Go google NGFW
Citra and TenX and Metal and all the others say the same shit. They can’t get past visa Dude...
Your delusions of grandeur need to be significantly scaled back until you've been in this space for *at least* 6 months to a year.
UTrust
lol the SUB team just keeps alluding to beta soon. I havent seen anything to indicate they'll honor this. The 'security bugs' they found are concerning and the fact that they haven't answered my questions regarding dealing with wide scale ISP NGFW and deep sniffing techniques leads me to believe the product is no where near ready for prime adoption.
Fuck this. Every fucking day with this bullshit. Every. Fucking. Day. There is a massive sell wall unlike any other coin. So sick of this shit. Just let the god damn coin rise. If you want to sell, fine, but stop removing and re adding the wall every 15 fucking minutes like a prick. You’re literally driving away people and it’s showing. This asshole whale isn’t doing anyone any good. It’s stunting SUBs growth and you fucking know it. Enough with the delusions
It’s dropping because the SUB team: 1. Isn’t answering questions the community is asking that deserve attention (blacklisted sites, NGFW, security) 2. Keeps delaying the beta with ambiguous excuses 3. Has jackass whales putting up 150 BTC sell walls every 15 fucking minutes
1. Let’s see them answer my fucking question then about deep packet and software sniffing with NGFWs. Are they masking through the DNS? Answer the fucking question. I’m not the only one who’s asked either. Same goes for how they plan on dealing with policing illicit sites or dealing with mob mentality. Either thing could *ruin* substratums “Vision” 2. They’ve stated several times some alluded dates and still miss them. Early January? Public mainnet going live in Jan (from an older video)? Delays happen but doesn’t mean it doesn’t piss off those anxiously waiting. Do a better job at conveying delays versus silent communications on milestone dates. 3. No. It’s not. Stop acting like they can do no wrong. The price is falling and continues to fall through support. This is why. Don’t like it? Well who cares
its down 60% from a week and a half ago. sad
Because more and more this shit is looking like smoke and mirrors. One of my friends who’s a seasoned network engineer reviewed sub and thinks the product is ether way overselling it’s privacy and capabilities or it’s straight up smoke and mirrors. If this could be done like SUB claims then don’t u think smarter better funded minds around the fucking globe would have already done this?? My guess is the DNS here is the weak point and it’ll be only days before the likes of China find a isolate and block sub. At the end of the day this shit still comes down to IP addresses, packets, and ports. Only a matter of time before one is cracked and compromise the rest.
I’m much more hesitant now. Proof of Work and progress should have easily been shown by now. And I’ve been in on SUB since ICO. Faith only floats so far..
Good analysis. At this rate, any time in Q1 I’d be happy
I’d be less concerned with dates if we got tangible evidence this things works as expected to current specs and standards. I appreciate you stepping up here because SUBs lack of Reddit presence has been noticeable. The twitter presence is great, and I love the AMAs, but I’d like to see the more technical questions answered regarding dealing with Next Generation Firewalls (software sniffing) and policing/governing illicit website hosting
Goes down the drain? You’re kidding right? We’d still be hosting a network of decentralized nodes for providing access. I mean I get your point and there’s room for manipulation, but the offset is it would absolve us all of actionable concerns which is a good enough counter argument.
fuck bittrex. binance
enough with this shit FUD. you and everyone else reposting the same shit doesnt do any good in mitigating the FUD
More consistent updates and tackling the hard questions is what 95% of members here are seeking. I love the twitter feeds but take a note from “Ethos” book. They have a telegram for daily updates where someone from their team reposts the daily highlights for hard hitting questions and answers. I’d love to see SUB do something similar given the highly technical nature of the product and lack of technical clarity within the white paper. It would go a long way.
They respond with quarterly reports lol
A significant reduce in quality of life.
dunno why you were downvoted. KST is a fucking time zone, not a time. People are idiots.
seeing as were down over 50% from ATH, i think weve passed denial..unless there is no product
I can smell the pretentious smugness from here
Blockport. Ethos. These will both be strong competitors...
ive been in since ICO This guys is fucking with my money. Fuck. Him.
full dive VR. Being able to basically highjack your sleep and log into a VR world.
Taylor Swift seems like a total bitch, but thats just speculation. if every X you've ever had is a total dick, chances are, you're the dick, Taylor...
its known he did a hair transplant. Rumors he went to hasson and wong (very expensive and talented doctors for this) but had to sign NDAs on his procedure.
the netflix special was amazing lol
the fuck are you selling for anyway? were down 60% and youre selling?
they claim all packets will look like any other packets. I asked how they plan on dealing with NGFW and software sniffing and pretty much got ignored. SUB has some big questions to answer and so far being 'too busy' coding has been the only response. Hoping Christian Pope can drum up some results here before were back at ICO prices...
ICOs or as soon as the land on exchanges...
Didn’t mean today. I posted it last week. Ignored.
they arent on this fucking sub. Jesus. Christian, the new kid on the block, is just *now* starting to comb through the social feeds. The rest of the team doesn't give a fuck. they're ignoring all social feeds as they're 'heads down working'.
its just the beginning. Binance 6 months ago had less than a thousand users and was only in mandarin. then they opened up english translation. and added more coins. my point is, this is a great start. Robinhood is a legit platform and will bring trust with it, one step at a time.
We need like 4-5 major currency coins to trade against so BTC doesn’t carry away the market each time
yeah this bullshit GOP taxbill law for like-kind trades no longer being available wont hold. There is no fucking way in hell the IRS or government will be able to track, or request users track, the coin to coin exchanges in the same manner traditional investments would. I didn't cash shit out yet to fiat currency, so im sure as fuck not paying $200,000 in taxes on something i havent recognized yet by converting to a paper currency. IRS can get fucked if they think they can come after those who havent. The US population will not stand for this shit. edit: also since it seems you're having a hard time understanding the latest tax bill, that is for 2018. Not 2017. 2017 trades were in the like-kind grey area. your post is fucking rubbish
so this coin that has been around for over 6 months and has basically only gone down, and has yet to make it on any other established exchange besides cryptopia (embarassing) is supposed to go 20x this year? Why? Because of some videos, articles, and marketing speak about scaling and expansion? Sounds like smoke and mirrors to me. Lets see it expand to new exchanges (like binance) before jumping to conclusions
and no ones going to use a bullshit coin called proCurrency. The name just sounds scammy as fuck.
fucking love this. keep that shit up.
lol mark cuban, john mcafee, paris hilton, floyd mayweather, and so many other rich celebrities and business men have attached their name and brand to a coin for it to go literally fucking no where. I don't care who this guy is. PROC isn't going anywhere in its current state. Regardless of what rich douche bag pushes it
eth in no way can carry the weight of bitcoin. are you delusional?
the market cap of ethereum isnt anywhere close to bitcoin. bitcoin is king. if it collapses from tether, not just bitcoin is fucked but the whole market will crash. eth cant hold up bitcoin let alone the whole market. Its just mathematically impossible at this point.
i know, right lol. So full of himself
basically what counter strike should have evolved into
Yeah fuck me for having my own opinion, right? Better downvote me quick! Insurgency is fun while CSGO is boring as fuck. The game never evolved and people just prefer the same old boring shit. I don’t. I must be wrong!
Hence the evolution. God forbid me from having an opinion that varies from yours.
No its not..Not at all. Spongebob has fucking nothing to do with Futurama. Insurgency is a mod from the source engine inspired entirely off of CSGO. I've played both since the beginning. For your idiotic statement to be true, futurama would have to be based off the same art style and artists as spongebob. Just because they're both chartoons doesn't make your statement valid. Insurgency is a full blown expansion on what Counter Strike is. I'm fine with them being separate games but Insurgency kept moving forward with innovative gameplay while CS/CSGO is just the same old boring shit now.
Not ONLY that, but the korean exchanges will be opening up for listing ICON on them as well. Rather than this being a dump opportunity, it might be a buying opportunity *if* this stays true
THIS! OP seems to not understand how tether has artifically inflated BTC over the last 12 months alone. Without this printing press of free Bitcoins and 'safe haven' for investors, Bitcoin will basically lose 2 of the legs it stands on. It may not crash permanently but it'll sure as fuck be severely fucked from the FUD on it alone.
i would love this. We honestly need more coins that trade in ETH and other currencies so BTC stops dominating the market whenever it throws a fucking tantrum. that shit pisses me off so much.
says who? the company that is printing it out of thin air? how stupid are you? i have some ocean front property in arizona too if you want to buy.
doesnt make them any less valid. go back to sleep, sheep.
i agree. every other idiot in this thread are advocating to ignore the tether rumors. Bitfinex cannot prove they're backing USDT with the equivalent dollar. That is an insanely big red flag that people keep ignoring. You wouldn't ignore a business without a business license. Might as well be buying speakers out the back of a truck. You people are fucking ridiculous and should be worried of tethers future..
people dumped the news from the conference but this is huge news. samsung partnerships too. The price will be $30 by summer
and i have accounts for all 3...i can't force a change here dude, lol... Just wait for Ethos..
well im holding eth more than btc now
It was already sold. This coin is fucking dead. Even shit coins pump more than UTK.
You’d think so but I’ve lived a lot of places and what I’m saying is 100% true. There is a reason the Bay Area is silicon valley and costs what it does with as many residents as it has. It’s an innovative technological hub that is second to none. I can’t just quit my fucking job and move to Nebraska and expect to find anything even remotely similar. People come here for advancement. To learn, grow, and expand them self and pay the price in housing shortages, rent, and insane competition. People drive like 2-4 hours each way for jobs here. I know a guy at my gym who used to live in rocklin CA and commute to the South Bay every day. That’s like 2+ hours each way. Just for a specific job in health care at Stanford medical. It happens...
I fucking hate that everything follows bitcoin
triple bottom doesn't mean shit unfortunately
Every day ethos pushes out the product another competition comes forward. Have to hope their delayed product beats the shit out of those released early
Well fuck beans then!
Lol you’re an idiot. I never said I couldnt afford it. I probably make triple what you do. I was merely poking obvious holes in your shitty outlook at people choosing to live in a highly competitive area for being around cutting edge *everything* Maybe instead of being a bitchy McCunt face, you expand your perspective to see how hard people in the Bay Area scrape, fight, claw and bleed at a fucking chance at a better life and follow their dreams.
Agreed. I wish BPT payed dividends.
Same boat. Nothing on my end yet either. This is complete bullshit honestly. Doesn’t take 2 weeks to write a simple script to check 2,000 wallets for &gt;1 ethos holding. The rest of the “vetting” process should have been done before sending the emails. Why else did we fill out the fucking form. Every day I’m getting closer to just dumping my bag. I’ve missed easily half a dozen opportunities by holding ethos waiting for this fucking wallet that never seems to materialize all while watching competitors clean up. Either shit or get off the pot, Ethos. Enough with this fake waiting bullshit.
So am I...I don’t give a fuck about how much I’m in the green but rather the opportunity cost of waiting on this dead horse to even start the race
How about you take a giant step back and literally fuck your own face? I’ve been in since ICO. I hold a lot of Ethos. You don’t want me dumping on you. And only at idiot would at the bottom. So kindly shut the fuck up and mind your business.
Now you made me laugh. Yes, because having an opinion on a team whos consistently delayed, missed deadlines, dropped communications, and let the competition just walk the fuck in front of them means impotent small man syndrome. You, ma'am, are a fucking idiot. (Yes, ma'am, because you clearly sound like a bitch who can't mind his business)
for the era Diablo came out in, the game was a god damn perfect masterpiece. It aged well but replaying it is hard at times. But that gritty feel makes it all so worth it.
Yyyeeeaahhhh you’re slightly misinformed yourself too People are reacting, albeit aggressively, to the increasing influx in coins doing micro ICOs and taking the ETH to immediately buy Binance listings versus set up their business. It’s literally a money grab and a lot of coins are doing it. Binance listings are what we want for all our coins but some are jumping the line for the wrong reasons (QuarkChain) to simply dump their massive supply at 5x ICO instead of selling it for 1/5th the price.
Exactly. Bytecoin was a fucking joke for volume before Binance. Total PnD
I would kill for a guildhouse in game town option. Say bliz gives us the option to buy a guildhouse for 10m gold in D4 (assuming that’s a lot) and you can join the starting town and access your registered (instances) guild hall. Invite members and inductees. Mix that with Bringing the lobbies back and we have a social mix that would drive interactions for years. Hell, maybe even a trading bazar in game. Something different ya know
I’d fucking read it
No ones arguing that it exists. There are tons of screen shots and videos if you watch telegram. What myself and everyone else is pissed about are the delays on delays while competitors bend Ethos over the table and walk away. What was a revolutionary idea is now becoming a missed opportunity because their project management skills are fucking terrible.
I remember first seeing this game cover. I was like 10. Such a badass and epic feeling when looking at this. Gave you a feeling of dread
Company centralized. Not location. Know the difference. The value in bitcoins blockchain is that it’s premise is absolved from a single entity owning it. Google can place 500 data centers around the world but google still *owns* it. Bitcoin May have fire developers to drive it but its decentralized miners are not owned by or tied to those developers.
Blockport. Axpire. LiveEdu. Covesting. PRL. BNTY. LEND
How the fuck is this “forced”? Are you an idiot or just a bitcoin dumbass maximalist? Would you rather go down with a sinking ship if it comes to that? A 51% attack on the worlds largest coin would most certainly cause a massive crash.
Any reason for a C7 over cheaper B7A/P?
Does Samsung have OLED though?
Super sad I sold mine back in December but had to at the time unfortunately.
OLED equivalents. Mostly all streaming and games so sounds like LG then still
I agree, but most TV generations only slightly improve from one year to the next. thats all i meant. if its a full generation leap or top of the line feature/spec, then yes i can see the value in that. Are the Q6 and Q7's the Sony models?
this. right. here. Just have to hold strong. wait. the market will remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.
what OTC options would you suggest?
i sure hope so. I'm eager for it to succeed, but being realistic at the same time.
agreed
[I'm an idiot](https://www.bitmex.com/app/trade/EOSM18)
Looking at the order books, contracts were executed at 100 sats and upwards. Someone got fucked. Hard.
What are you going to do about CryptoWolf who defrauded and entire community working on your bounty program who holds millions of UTK in his very visible wallet? I feel UTrust didn’t do any of their due diligence in protecting community interest for this bounty program and a lot of people got screwed and one person stole all the funds.
And how are those tokens doing right now ?
Then maybe we have hope
110% agree. Some telegram peeps are building a wall at 2.7k sats but If it’s gonna dip, let it dip to like 2k or 1k so we can load up
chipotle a day before delivery. thats a bold move, Cotton.
Fantastic news!
What does this mean? I see forward momentum but no measurable progress. Does a Malta based bank partnership mean we can expect USD entries soon too?
Agreed. With LN on Bitcoin there is no need for LTC anymore
Right now there’s little incentive outside speculative increases to use or hold crypto. We need adoption for spending it
The dummy didn’t
You do know this is what banks do to make money right?
I’m guessing no
Top text is too small Makes it look like an ironic poster and BTC will fall apart
wells fargo was the last bank to stop it and are doing so as of june 18th...soooo yeah...it is something new...
It’s an exponential mover. Like a 1 degree difference in a rocket we aim at the moon. Seems small at the start but had a big impact as it’s true Intention is recognized
I never said it would create FOMO. I do think it will be a premeditated calculation large investors and miners will consider leading up to the event and wont be dismissed as lightly as you are dismissing it...
The thing is the spike started after $1,800 through. Maybe before. I’d argue though that $2.5k is the real bottom if tethers to blame
the bitcoin bottom can be found when hashrate drastically falls off. that is where the bottom of the price will reside. bulls may never let it get to that, but if we stay in a bear market, the moment miners shut off their rigs due to the difficulty not correcting fast enough, well find the bottom
TIL! Cool tip thanks
What’s the best way to check the liquidity? Volume or orders book or ??
So guessing it’s best to check the difference between the mark price and the limit price you’d sell at?
Agreed. It’s been so quiet that a fart would echo down the hallways of their marketing department
You’re in a fucking thread where researchers are saying just that. Bitfinex creates Tether. Tether was printed at opportune times to prop up the market. This isn’t hard copy or 20/20 and likely without a full fledged investigation it’ll be hard to truly prove, but look at the writing on the wall Dude.
It most certainly is not lol
I honest to god think Tether started off as this great idea to help bitcoin and prop it up but it just got totally away from them and they’re scrambling to keep it in check and backed by the full amounts.
Banks don’t have to. Do YOU know how this works? You do know my statement wasn’t meant as a fact. It was a thought. A theory. There is no proof. It’s a feeling I can’t back based on the shady shit we’ve seen and heard surrounding Tether
Your straw man argument is laughable at best. No one is saying exchanges shouldn't also be held to strict regulatory governance and checks. This post is about Tether. Not binance. Not fucking Bank of America. But to counter your shitty argument, Binance has been overly transparent on not only their financial records but their direction, goal, support, and everything inbetween. Pure shit reply.
Your shitty argument is the definition of a straw man. You try and defend Tether (all while not knowing anything about it) with another weaker argument. How ignorant are you? You use FUD like a fucking 5 year old child. It stands for FEAR, UNCERTAINTY, and DOUBT. Exactly what someone should have for a tethered currency that has no substantiated backing except for those operating off its propped up position. you should be questioning *everything* about tether, manipulation, fraud, wash trading, spoofing, and any other questionable tactic used in this market to protect yourself. Sticking your head in the ground because you don't want to recognize any signs is just ignorant.
Basically what I just said...
Get one from Walmart rollback refurbished right now! I ordered 1 65 and 1 55 and they look and Work perfect. Just get the 4 year protection with them. The 55 was $979 and the 65 was $1500
Yup. We need to go to maybe $4500 briefly to get out of hell
if you look at 2014 though, we're basically at the low point now where the run up started. BTC didn't hit that till like 2015. My guess is IF we go any lower, it wont be below 4500 and we'll start to immediately consolidate and recover 3-5x faster than 2014's burst. Basically, the next major run will be a catalyst from major news like tokenized securities being accepted, major hedge fund investors (like NY Police department, Walmart, JP Morgan) getting into BTC portfolios, or governments changing their stances on regulation/taxes. Once the anticipation and FOMO is sparked again and the network worth is low, we're going to recover fast. it wont be slow like 2015/2016
All I want is a new Ultima Online game that looks as good as ESO
Walmart has a slick deal right now for 65” B7P for $1500 FYI. 55” is $969
So nows the year to accumulate
I think custody and tokenized securities will Be the big 2 things to drive us forward with regulations being the umbrella
Yup. I called LG on it too. Indicates the LGs are factory repaired. Called Walmart and they offered me discounts on the 4 year warranties seeing as I bought multiple TVs.
Yeah the 4 year warranty sealed the deal for me at that price!
I do not think btc will be as straight forward as these 2 lines converging. We've gone under and over, fast and slow. To consistently go down all that way without any significant rise seems unlikely.
that was insanely informative and a great analysis. someone really did their homework
Prolly was a hot ass day for them to do this
Please share...
What’s to prevent stable coins like Tether from continuously printing more? We’d be in the same problem as the USDollar. Even if it is pegged to something like gold, that’s still an archaic way of considering value.
Agreed. It was biased BS at best.
Agreed. We’re still in the downtrend channel from the last leg and even broken below the 9 month long Wednesday ascending support line but not 6k yet. If we continue Down and don’t push past 7100, were gonna push into low5’s and maybe even 4.5k as the next support
We need more exchanges like IDEX where you trade with your own wallets directly. This will become the norm until custodian wallet portfolios come into play.
Thinking like this is honestly the “problem” though Everyone likes to sit here and praise BTC and alt coins as a be all means to hedge against the incoming fiat breakdown, but the moment they make money, they’re all to eager to cash all out back to the same devices that got them into trouble to begin with.
So does Ethos
Perhaps but we’ve been hearing the “Money on the sidelines” bullshit since Feb’s drop to 6k. Nothing has changed. Retail investors have no desire to reinvest in something they made major losses in and traditional investment vehicles can’t touch it legally yet. We need regulation and custodial legal avenues to get major players involved and they won’t even do so until BTC is rebounding off the true value floor which many speculate as being the network cost to sustain bitcoin (around $3k)
And you are adding to that problem Do me a favor and look at the largest wallets of whatever your favorite shit coin is. I guarantee they aren’t selling. They’re accumulating. If your argument is volatility then you don’t have the stones to have skin In this game. Smart money buys when the chips are down for something they believe in. You don’t believe in it. I guess for every idiot who buys 2 pizzas with 10,000 bitcoin is a genius who makes money off of it.
Why Even mention BPT If their activities are nonconcerning?
They won’t be able to stop it. Using a company like Substratum to access a DEX trading Monero will be nearly impossible to stop
Looking for catalysts might not be the best strategy, but ignoring prime opportunities isnt incredibly smart. Large investors and 'institutional money' don't just willy nilly throw their dick in the ring. They choose strategic times and aligning signals to go in, be it regulation, price, timing, or something more hidden. Don't tell people to stop looking for catalysts. Thats like sticking your fingers in your ears. You should listen to the noise in hopes of hearing something coherent from it.
Correct. Bots can do if statements for you but shits risky
ethos. wallet release is in a few days. 300,000 sign ups for their Universal Wallet.
yeah 4500 - 3200 is the despair pit if this continues. then we'll consolidate and mve up. maybe retest 10k by end of december
That’ll change fast with the catalyst of good regulation. Watch
Markets will remain Irrational longer than you can remain solvent
Highly doubtful
Ethos. Ethos will do this...
I’d wait till we drop more or buy now and put it on Bitmex
What RV was it?
I’ve been searching for this exact model! Lucky find
Bitmex People go 1x short instead with better protection than Tether as it would take like 2.9m to liquidate you
Well yeah you’re betting on standing trends and manipulative news to move prices in your favor. It’s a whales game. But if you understand support lines and trends you’re mostly safe with small leverage. Also longs pay shorts and shorts pay longs in reverse markets. It’s not rocket science. Just use limit post orders.
were pet rocks used to pay citizens in Venezuela when their economy crumbled? Were beanie babies used to protect assets from illegal seizure of funds? Your comparisons are fucking retarded and you should feel bad.
What did it end up costing you?
I have a OLED and brightness isn’t really an issue but reflection is a bitch
LEND is better than SALT too
Yes but it does not change your contracts just the rate and which you earn or lose ROE This is why i like to increase it as I earn and double down if in a real breakaway
Maybe not a halo killer but it was one of the best looking games in existence at that time
Awesome montage
Volatility will fuck you on even 25x unless u way into profits
No. Doesn’t change your commission at all. Changes the leverage you borrow and your risk based on shares outstanding only. You want to increase profits? Increase leverage from 5x to 10x in a bull run and use the freed up money to double down and buy more. Increasing leverage makes you earn faster but increases risk.
100
ethos, substratum, blockport
fats control hormones. too few fats, fucked up hormones, depression...make sure you stay in your ideal fat zone. im roughly 165 so around 55-65 fat grams a day is ideal
Any plans to increase the tokens utility? Would love to see something crossed between Binance and KuCoin. How do you plan on advertising Blockport? Coinbase is a household name at this point but there are already a dozen other ways to buy bitcoin. How can you make BPT stand out? Do you plan on offering any additional ways to earn BPT in the future?
The cheat code for the level where you blow up all the silos and talk to the scientist was hard as fuck. Basically you had to do it over and over and over till the scientist was in the first room only. if he wasnt it wasnt possible to do it in time.
lol
You have a lot more research to do before buying anything. You clearly don’t know what you are doing or buying yet
I can name a few industries that could benefit greatly from a decentralized ledger and smart contracts. Logistics, fraud, theft, and finance are the major sectors BC could help and would be highly practical. But I agree, far too many coins use useless blockchains
The S9 Break even rate is roughly $2400. It’s a possible but unlikely dip
What bills tho?
Telegram. Their recent tweet though points to a release announcement
I’m sensing a theme here with law firms and over entitled assholes acting like empowered little shits. Glad you helped set the record straight
It was literally 10,000 6 weeks ago and 12,000 future value shocks you? I feel sorry for your parents.
If 5750 breaks then it most likely will. 5500 then 5350 ain’t far off. October’s major resistance and then support was 4.4-5k. I suspect this to be the real bottom
Lol no. You want to buy not just when it’s cheap but when the time is right. There is no volume yet and Money is made at market turns. Stop trying to catch a falling knife. Buy when volume returns.
Bitfinex is a fucking crook. Use Bitmex. Bitmex if you do 10x leverage or 10 BTC with 1 down, if the price moves 9.5% in the wrong direction, you lose your 1 BTC. If you do 25x it’s basically 3.5%. 50x is 1.5%. Also if you don’t use cross margin, you don’t need “more money”.
It’ll take another 4 - 6 weeks to hit that. We just started a new Elliot wave. I agree with you. 4.4-5k is the real bottom I think and we can hit that in a flash crash but will consolidate in the 5-6k region
Unless BTC does a giant cup and handle, this guy is delusional
Bottom is 4.4k Look at October support and resistance. 4.4 - 5k channel for 80% retracement.
How is this different from Ethos?
DDL?
Charge a sub price I. Their service plus buy access to it for half cost of the physical console. Win win.
either youre tall or those are short counters. you'll get back pain prepping stuff there over a period of time
What’s loadline?
Just build a dell 3020 optiplex with an old GPU like a 1030
It basically is a small form factor PC. Personally I opted for a optiplex 3020 with a 1030 DDR5. Runs everything from Atari 2600 to GTAV on high/max fine. The shield and Pies are cool but I wanted a PC that will act like a steam box from the couch too. It’s nice going from Mario 3 to Twilight Princess to TitanFall 2
The ODroid will come close
I have a 3020 Mini Dell with a 1030 ddr5 and mine plays nearly everything except switch games. That shit requires like a 1080ti
It’ll run PSP and GameCube and PSX fine. It’s prolly 50-100% more powerful than the Pi 3b+
Same here. I had a local bowling alley in the mid 90's that was across the street from my school. Id help the guy that took care of the machines, wash all the screens, and he would give me a ton of tokens to use. id play the shit out of this game and sunset riders. that is, until i found the cheat code for DnD SoM that allowed infinite lives. best day ever lol
He didn’t buy Disney with it. He took Pixar public with his 10m investment and the new CEO of Disney bought Pixar for 7 Billion. They didn’t buy jack. Jobs did continue to write checks and foster relations with Disney and Lucas to help keep the lights on. His business relations helped them go public. He was a business man that knew the technical language of Pixar and translated that into value others could see and buy into. It was the producers and animators and programmers that were the stars. Their direction on Toy Story saved Pixar.
some dude from south africa was tortured until he turned over 60k in BTC just 2 fucking days ago. Hes not irrational or paranoid. Hes right.
hows that shield tv working out for you
So, you have nothing to show. Thought so.
You’re the kind of person who calls everything stupid yet has nothing to contribute. The kind of asshole everyone avoids at parties, assuming you even get invited anymore, because everything said is negative. The kind of entitled prick who says he ran Into nothing but assholes today. Maybe you’re the asshole. If your opinion is so valid as a “professional” than either prove it or maybe you should, as you so eloquently put it, “STFU”
Could do without the giant titles in the demo. Show base building, don’t tell us. We’re not stupid.
I bet they voided their own terms of service to not pay
Quake meets Blood meets the 90s
Didn’t FOX have an animated claymation show on this called the PJs? Lol
You realize he bought hundreds if not thousands of BTC at $30, right? That’s thousands of dollars. 90% retracement in investment is the same at $30 or $3,000
The trend line now means we’re in despair but you’re basing this off of the fact that we rely on previous main supports? Which is it
No Heretic, Hexen or ROTT?!
After they just got used to getting fucked from just one end. NFL gives zero fucks about what it does in the pursuit of money. It’s sad. Even their blatant disregard for the staggering amount of concussion related health problems for 80+% of NFL players in retirement. If you play over 3 years, your chances of dementia and other illnesses goes up like 300%. It’s insane. And they don’t give a fuck
128s are only going for $20 on Amazon too
god UO was epic. i would kill for a modern UO that was a bit more like ESO with UOs mechanics
You’re going to be waiting a long fucking time. That’s like a 95% retracement. Ain’t gonna happen dude. DCA in and don’t be retarded
Yet it couldn’t send SMS with images lol.
cant decide if seriously delusional or trolling
So your argument is because something hasn’t happened yet, it won’t happen? Weak at best. I could say the same about fossil fuels. Traditionally, fiat currencies fail given enough time. Those calling for the dollar collapse over the last decade see this. Lithe causes for why it would collapse are piling up. They may have gotten the date wrong but doesn’t mean it still can’t happen. There are more indicators pointing to it weakening right now than strengthening
Well be back at 3300 by Saturday lol
Maybe the relationship she was pursuing was the dad and she was already late?
Dragons Dogma is 8.11 on Green Man Gaming too!
I would lose my shit if this happened. After Paris though, I don’t have much hope
I hope it coincides with the using of crypto daily up to at least a certain amount without taxation. The bill from 2016 pushed for $600 daily allowance without taxes.
Unless you’re talking about Tether /s
Looking for something to tide me over 6-12 months
If that’s the case, even if the CPU bottle necks for now, maybe a higher end 1080 ti would be smarter long term
True my 1440 is only 60hz so might as well get a mid level card to tide me over Thanks dude
Should I get this or wait for a 1070 ti sale
Uhhhh Proscar is basically a generic version of Propecia which is an FDA approved drug to treat hairloss. I’ve taken it for a decade and have had great results and no side effects. Calm down. However, he has a serious underlying issue it seems with body issues. Possibly stemming from hair loss. He needs therapy and likely some hard truths. Addiction is real
But I want to use RA. That’s the whole point.
Yup Seriously it has to be a problem with the core I load up dolphin on its own and it runs 4 player like a champ. But the moment I run it through RA it goes down to 5 FPS Both set ups use Vulcan 3xR One works one doesn’t
By far the hardest part is having to wade through bank red tape, rules, and bullshit JUST to get money TO an exchange to BUY crypto. Wells Fargo made it a pain to Even wire transfer money out and the lady at the desk who helped me basically said my account would be flagged internally for doing so. They know Coinbase and Gemini and all the major exchanges. They’re not stupid and they will try and make it as hard as possible.
just make sure to update your refresh rate once you do get a new monitor. i see people on here all the time who forget this step and spend 6 months at 60hz still
Maybe insurgency sandstorm then? Regardless of speed, both games foster teams that are more situationally aware and cooperative
this is just fucking AR. lol. no VR about it
That’s still considered AR lol Virtual Reality is marketed for devices where the user can not see through the device, not the environment
How long ago was this? That’s fascinating
The arcades or Barcades now are basically all that remains. The games they have are 90% fucking pinball machines and fucking sucks.
congrats! well done! did you do prepcast tests? mine is 27 days out and your story gives me confidence i have time to pull it off
Missing Carmageddon
Battle of LA
There were shadows burned into the ground of those standing within miles of the blasts. so if the blast could burn a persons shadow to the ground, it could easily flash bleach someones skin and eyes to cause this.
It’s like spray painting with stencils. The paint covers the canvas but the stencil (body) protects the background
ouch
All the animations really
We would steal chocolate milks from the cafeteria after school once a week (not very many so no one would notice) and then sell them the next day for .50 cents each. It was arcade money for the week. This was maybe 4th grade?
Never saw this until my travels to Japan. Thought it was quite clever. Not sure why these aren’t used more often
I hate that god damned window
Fine it’s like the bank burns $1. Deflation is not the answer. Populations increase. Inflation that’s regulated is good. It matches network effect up with value. Excessive inflation based on greed and lapsed rules is bad. People here should learn the difference
Lol my name may be a weed pun on a movie but you’re high as fuck if you think that. Those who got air dropped free tokens would be but a small fraction of the total network that buys into this idea. The air dropped would be a small minority’s not vast majority lol
But we’re the situational questions based off of what output flows in to the next processes input? I have Andy’s book and what I HATE about it is the ITTOs in it just list them (eg: Change Requests, Project Document Updates) but don’t say specifically what changes IN those documents related to the process you were just in. Like HOW are change requests an output to Acquire Resources, etc. listing it doesn’t help you learn. So my question is, do you need to just understand what an ITTO is (General) or do you need to know what is specifically is for that process.
Apologies let me clarify. She doesnt like the repetitive stones down the side of the shank profile. I understand the halo itself is a paver set surrounding the center stone. That is fine. The band/shank is what she wants to be simple and cute and not overly flashy, busy or gaudy.
No i still want a decorated shank, just not with the standard pavers you see on every single style band. She wants something more miligrain. Almost like [this wedding band](https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/Ytisi-customized-14k-18k-white-gold_60827232797.html?spm=a2700.galleryofferlist.normalList.320.eba546b6kacOqf) but with a halo and center stone
so you'd recommend diamonds for the band? same for the Halo pavers around the center stone? should the only moissanite be the center stone?
any examples of the situations that you saw? im worried about knowing the definitions for all these terms and stuff but people keep saying situations. do we just need to know the ITTOs?
I reached out to Ytisi to start. Thanks for the recommendations!
Perhaps. Thanks!
That’s the best part. They’ll freeze and die off in the winter
ive must have watched dozens of UE4 and Blender videos. Does this export similar files to use in other game engine builders or designers?
they were one of the absolute lowest and now theyre one of the highest. Gemini has continued to flop from the twins. They push all this advertising on taxis, trains, and other shit all over NY, Chicago, and a few other places, but no one fucking uses it with these fees.
isnt this supposed to gravitate eventually to 2 AMPL for $1? Is it a stablecoin of some sorts? i dont get it
You act like you had some master plan for curating the opinions of a public forum of hundreds of thousands of people based on a company's strategic direction you had no way of knowing. Wow. You, and the rest of limp dick 4chan had about as much to do with influencing the opinions of LINK as you do influencing the weather. Congratulations. You're retarded.
You DO realize the futures market now outpaces the spot market right? Futures are dictating coin value and volume more than the actual spot market these days. Not to mention Bitmex spikes are excessively higher than spot indicating stop hunt volatility. I do not trade on Bitmex but I have done a lot of research into this and it’s rather alarming. While I’m sure a lot of people have zero business gambling with futures markets at high leverage, the irrational liquidity spikes are not mutually exclusive. Shitty traders and a corrupt business operational strategy can exist independently. To think that they aren’t is straight up ignorant.
I never said I have evidence now did I? You’re hilariously confusing yourself. Obviously I’d need access to their fucking servers and strategic vision to have evidence. I have suspicions based off of a lot of research and feedback. I’m entitled to my opinion and you are yours. If you want a fun exercise though, do some digging into users posting tickets or complaining on public forums for those who made large sums of money and had their accounts suddenly flagged and closed. There was a post on Reddit awhile back of Bitmex knowingly allowing US users to access their platform and only flagging and freezing the account (with no ability to receive funds) if the user was making money and had large balances. Bitmex is not the good guy here. They are engineered to squeeze every last cent out of you like a casino all while dictating their own rules with near zero governance.
Honestly UTK is no longer even needed. Smart Integrated Wallets using Bitcoin do everything UTrust is planning on doing. These services are being spun up that are highly integrational with exchanges, onramps, liquidity engines, and everything inbetween to where a sole company like UTK might not even be warranted. Mom and pop shops arent going to accept some obscure UTK token let alone something like Costco or Walmart. UTK has near zero utility. A well integrated smartwallet service accepting bitcoin could achieve a large majority of what UTK is aiming for. Utrust is too busy thinking in terms of old business strategies while the new service owners who will win out are thinking beyond.
There was one. He actually had a nick name. There are articles written about him. Can’t remember his nickname but people tracked this one wallet and forum handle believed to be tied to him. The guy had hundreds of millions of dollars in BTC and would basically move all of Bitmex in its early days
Not sure why, maybe because it’s so fucking tall, but I find this terrifying.
Not the exam but the information between the books. PMBOK goes into way more detail. Andy’s for example doesn’t say what types of project docs are useful as an input to a given process while PMBOK does and why it’s used
Was the new job significantly harder?
when you bought them, did you have an option for rush delivery?
Never go to the Salvation Army near campbell. The GM marks everything up a solid 700% because “she knows them flippers when she sees em!” I saw scratches up 720p 17” office monitors listed for $120 a few weeks ago. Noped out of there quick
Uncanny valley scary. Realistic enough looking face with an impossible body. Looks like a game cheat mode and feels like controlling Kirby Why is the game all blue and grey? Dungeon colors?
Right now, the BOMB token has zero utility. It isn't used as a currency anywhere for anything. In fact, people prefer to *not* spend it because of the deflation. Does the BOMB team have any plans to assist the coin in being accepted or used somewhere as an actual means of currency? While i find the project to be interesting with potential value, right now holding BOMB is a *less* equivalent to holding a chuck e cheese token when all the chuck e cheese locations have been shut down. Sure, its rare, but it has no value yet/anymore.
I liked this reference. I can certainly appreciate where your perspective is coming from. However, inflation isn't a bad thing. Assuming inflation is kept in check at a balance rate equivalent to population or network growth: 1. **Inflation ensures** ***goods and services*** **are not devalued against currency.** *Example Problem:* Pretend there exists ONE house in all of the world and only $100,000 of a currency. Assume the house is valued at that full $100,000. Now, someone builds an equal, 2nd house (supply for goods increases) and now, the currency has to be divisible to accommodate the growing goods. Each house is now valued at $50,000, devaluing the good by 50%. Because there is no inflation to account for growing goods and population, *goods are devalued* rather than currency. So, we print more money to account for the growing population and demand of goods to ensure the price of goods isn't devalued creating a negative feedback loop. This promotes a healthy economy and production of goods and services but reduces the viability of holding a currency goods are purchased with. 2. **Deflation ensures** ***currency*** **is not devalued against goods and services.** *Example Problem:* Pretend we have the same ONE house and only $100,000 of a currency as in the example above. We now add another $100,000 to the mix. The house is now worth $200,000 but the buying power has essentially been halved, requiring twice as much currency to buy the same good/product. So, we *reduce* the inflation and deflate the currency limits to ensure buying power remains constant or improves but the value of the good is now at risk. This promotes saving and economic stability of currency, but reduces the viability of holding an asset currency is used to purchase. &amp;#x200B; You can see, both examples have their own merits and drawbacks. Point being, do not assume deflation is the only or best solution. If we use a deflationary asset, people won't spend it which *could* reduce economic expansion. I'd be curious to see how a coin that stays constant (like bitcoin after the last coin is mined) in supply is perceived. My guess is it would be more functional than BOMB but the value would increase less rapidly. Or how about something more inline with global population growth rates in relation to currency usage (basically network effect). If the average inflation is 2.5% a year, how about something like .5% a year. Point being, i think scalability all around is better than holding one constant to another constraint variable.
Tulips had value too until they didn’t. So did Beanie Babies, Pogs, and other fads. Just because something that has attention now holds some form of value doesn’t mean it will for long. Market cap is also a terrible way to dictate value, especially in crypto. since the order book for BOMB appears to hold a 10-15% discrepancy between buy and sell orders, that means the tokens “value” can swing by 1.5 million in seconds. Jordan Belford explained this concept in great detail and I’d argue he knows a thing or two more about a market’s value than either of us. And Markets may not be wrong but your interpretation of true value sure can be. You say people are spending it to buy things but also say it is not meant to be a currency at all. The 1% deflation rate eventually will act as a natural price barrier where perceived value and price might reach an equilibrium before liquidity dries up. Eg; no one in their right mind would use bomb to transact at $100/coin due to the cost of the transaction alone. Don’t get me wrong. I have no ill will or desire for BOMB to die. It’s an interesting experiment. If not to the testament of a coins perceived value, the irrational vs rational mindset of a willing investor.
You do realize that “your consent” will be the little check box you select when you sign up to purchase, store, or use zuckerbucks, right? They will literally fuck you.
People fight Change Management like you wouldn't believe. This is why PMOs exist
Mmmm no If you think this than either you’ve only worked with shitty PMOs or you don’t know enough about PMOs to have an intelligent opinion on them. There are many types of PMOs from Directive to Supporting. I suggest you review the PMBOK. PMOs can be a direct feed into useful OPAs which can save a lot of time and headache. To ignore that utility is ignorant
I’m not asking about the fucking INR dumbass Binance pulled India access before. They can do it again. What’s the point of owning BNB without Binance access. It’s not a fucking currency coin. It’s a utility token. India’s government is on the brink of revoking access to exchanges, meaning Indians buying BNB through ANY medium would be a massive risk at this point. I never once mentioned value for Binance. Fuck you’re stupid. Learn to read
how do you take smaller quizzes? i cant find that option
Tons of natural light but in NY I feel this is just wasted real estate. Create a skylight 1/10th that size and create another room there
You PERSONALLY not liking YOUR PMO doesn’t make all PMOs bad. You clearly lack objectionable perspective. Perhaps your company and employees just suck? PMOs exist for a reason. Do they work in all business facets? No. No one claims they do. No one claims people aren’t susceptible to being a cog in a poorly optimized PMO. However, what I AM saying is your negative biased attitude and blanket personal statement for PMOs is based solely on narrow feelings and not facts. I suggest you find a new job If you’re this bitter towards your PMO. It doesn’t sound healthy
One thing i hate about prepcast is their ambiguity to the current process. They will reference a process placement in the question that could be applied to 2 or 3 answers. Is the actual test just as tricky?
Did it rely heavily on knowing what the main Outputs were to answer the situational questions?
How do u even find out when and where these auctions are?
What were your pain points the first time? Where did you get BTs?
is eth 2.0 happening in jan 2020? will that include staking?
Perhaps let people see the app first before requiring a sign up. Instant turn off honestly but the idea sounds cool
Most always yes
This makes sense thank you
Same except Sega or NES instead
Good luck PM!
is there another way to get ahold of flora / provence outside of whats app?
My gf finger size is about 5.25 Not sure on the halo stone sizes yet
That’s what I’m thinking. A 1.25 carat at 7mm with a halo seems like a good size right? With the halo it would prolly appear as a solid 7.5mm altogether
That thing is huge!
FOMO is exactly why it’ll destroy people and correct. Be cautious when others are greedy. Smart money will play this perfectly and moon lambo boys will be wondering where their bull market went.
calling it now. i think well go back to 9.5k support. more buying opportunities yay
no. just start shorting them. low leverage short when RSI is like 88 is a fucking free pass
We just went on a 3 month long buying spree. It can drop even faster than it went up. Never forget this. My main concern is why we went up so fast. Is it trade war? Fed rates? Big firms buying in? This would help us determine the motivational support. Quick profit or long term investing from new money
Remember FOMO money is often short sighted and scared of long term values since its a knee-jerk investment. they will panic sell. 80% of this volume is fomo. 80% of the drop will be from panic selling. thats after the top 20% are smart and sell the 88 RSI top. I shorted it. did you?
We stalled at $1200 though. We will stall at 20k. It’ll form a cup and handle just like it always does. Retrace to 15-16k and shoot up through to 30k before you know it. Long 15k. Not 20k
Animation is getting better and better. Nice
I’d DCA back in. I think we might see 9.5k
Look. For. Divergence. That can’t lie. When the RSI paints a higher valley with a lower candle than the predecessor, it’s game time.
8.5-9.5 I think in 4 weeks
Remind some of team lab in Tokyo
Humiliation is an underlying theme in nature. When dogs or wolves fight for alpha status, the loser is beaten (not killed) and humiliated. Gorillas and apes show similar trends of behavior. Animals may not know humiliation or cruelty like humans do, which is where many of these stunts cross the line (like this one) but shaming someone for crossing society cultural standards is common place is the animal kingdom. Humans just take it too personal. Personally I believe in spankings. Not for the physical act or revenge of the act but it humbles a kid right fucking quick because it’s embarrassing at a natural fundamental level. Shaving letters on the back of a kids head isn’t even on the same level
Humiliation is intent to harm with justification while embarrassment I see as more intent to correct based on objective personal or society rules, standards, and culture norms. Humiliate: pants a freshman in front of his crush because you are a dick and for amusement or personal gain. Embarrass: Check an asshole verbally who’s making sexist remarks at a bar to embarrass them and let them know that behavior is not acceptable
if you cant hit FEL mode its your cable most likely. i went through like 12 cables before i used the amazon firetv stick cable. But even now, im stuck on waiting for reboot...
Do you do design and development? How big is your team?
wait
19.9k is gonna be massive resistance. we'll form a cup and handle from there i think. so those morons who balked at us when it fell will do so again when it hits resistance, but it'll break through eventually. My guess, sometime between 2021 and 2022.
it'll go parabolic like it did before i think. well crash from 20k retest to maybe 15k and eventually break up through 20k. it'll take 6-12 months from there to reach a new high of 6 figures. basing this simply off fractals so take it as it is...
I have a c7 4K TV and it’s fucking warped. Literally bends at the middle and slouches backwards. It’s a massive manufacturing defect that’s all over the forums. LG suuuucks at the small details like properly framing a fucking $2500 65” TV when they nailed the beautiful god damn display. Seriously. Gorgeous to look at when working but they cut corners like a soccer mom making a grilled cheese sandwich.
you do streaming or youtube? I see a mic bu that looks like a webcam only. I'm curious what backlights you use for the tv too. looks well done.
They need to make one that holds SD cards as I have 2 cards I want to switch between. My cartridge slot right now is a cart that holds as cards. Would be cool to combine all
Looks like the warship in level 8 of Super Mario Bro’s 3
I tried copying my partitions in Mini Partition Tool in windows so i can move up to a larger SD but MPT wouldn't copy my partitions. Kept saying 'Check File System' error. So, i ran it and it asked me to correct the errors found in order to even copy the damn partition and now my partitions and SD card arent readable at all by windows or MPT. What the FUCK. Why isn't this shit just easy? I get the error the device cannot be opened now.
Look at the sticky thread in /r/laptopdeals
Btc doesn’t use gpu anymore and Ethereum hashrate and difficulty is almost beyond it as well. It’s not so much a bubble pop but difficulty increase and proof of stake looming. Either way, win win.
Invest in a nice TV, lazy boys, and get an emulation station built. I took an old Dell 3010 optiplex and put in a 1050ti and loaded a 500GB SSD full of retro games from MAME to PS2. Thousands of Hours of entertainment without having to stand at a cabinet
The hard tops are my favorite but this is cool too
bad news. they still have like 40% of their funds remaining. They'll continue to unload so this pump might not last.
Yeah exactly. If I were them I’d wait till the steam blows off at this pump and sell the top. That’ll snowball
I have the p52 at work and it’s legit. Good call
Uhh this looks better than Pokémon No one gives a fuck about Xerox Parc anymore. Be. Microsoft or die. Plus Nintendo doesn’t own the genre
Wait so you scan barcodes? Always wondered what went on for this. I see shitty 360 or wii titles for like $10. What the fuck.
How much discount can those at the register provide?
jdownloader cant detect that URL path
That’s like 10 months out, Super chief
What do you use to document the user stories for testing in UAT? Like, the specific instructions? User stories are often a bit vague for this and UAT needs to be super clear steps to verify the testing where I work. (Eg step 1 click this. Step 2 click and check that.). We don’t have a JIRA license but does JIRA let u break down a swim lane with extra detail?
Agreed. Someone speaking to you in another language? HUD translates real time. Same with signs or text. Look at an object and want to know it’s origin? Screenshot and reverse image search the web.
Is it $200 profit overall or per transaction? What’s the time limit on this rule
“Oh is that what yous appreciates about me?”
Taking it down about fives percents
Why don’t ya give you balls a tug ya dirty tit fucker
What is applet mode
not only that, using RA and the cores through RA slows down performance somewhat. I use launchbox on my computer with direct emulators and it performs a good 40% faster avoiding RA
What about tinfoil games? Or converted nsp games thru gold leaf
Hate to call out a tit as bad gas travels fast in a smalls towns
Camera follow hurts my brain
Same issue. Now my SD Card is showing corrupted. something is seriously fucked lately. Im considering swapping to just atmosphere. most my games are now corrupted. all i did was try and clone my sd card to a bigger one and now everything is fucked.
So what is the best process for upgrading a SD card? I cloned my old card and expanded the partition, and after 1 day, I cant get past the Sept logo when booting. It just black screens. I tried migrating my emummc in the options and once i try that then i get a Pkg2 error cannot decrypt. Failure to launch HOS! What the fuck. Why is this so hard to upgrade to a new card? I'm using Kosmos and hekate. Important to note that because of this bullshit, my games in my Nintendo folder are all corrupted now and the switch is showing corrupted SD card (it wasn't before i started this process)
where do you get the firmware 9.1.0 file at?
He used to work for some other company streaming like 10 years ago. He then made his own channel and grew it. Props to him.
Wish you weren’t so fucking awkward, bud
Is this one better or worse than the ryzen 5 3600?
I found this - [https://www.microcenter.com/tech\_center/article/9724/cooler-master-hyper-212-evo-am4-install-guide](https://www.microcenter.com/tech_center/article/9724/cooler-master-hyper-212-evo-am4-install-guide) Think you might be right
What happened to the dongle that was shaped like a game cart and also held a slot for a spare SD? Slide it in back
Wow the Facebook Local Mom group sure is shaking it up. Edgy.
I just said fuck it and spent $200 on a 2TB SSD. No going back.
What monitor?
Is the $100 more worth it?
I might just buy this and test it for 29 days to see if it is worth it
It’s the caching that’s the issue
Looking good! The run and foot placement seems a bit odd though
What about mini itx boards?
Predatory ADA lawsuits
Except if you live in the Bay Area then that number is closer to $250,000
marginally. its like a 8700k
Wait for deals? Or scale down components
I’d avoid AMD for now for gpu but the 1080ti is still very valid. Perhaps a 3700x for an AMD cpu
did you buy it?
The 1 and 2 stars are more important than the positive ones because (1) they’re often older meaning positive reviews changed to negative over time and (2) if they express consistent issues (which they are) then it’s a major red flag. Just because there are other piece of shit monitors on the internet doesn’t mean this one isn’t too. Check your emotions. If yours works fine then cool. Relax.
I missed the deal so let me know how it is
Sorry meant low profile!
fuck i just got a 2TB one last week for 199 damn it
Are chickens as friendly as people say? I hear if you raise them they can be super chill and enjoy attention
I know I know. But even 10x that they did in a day. It’s just me bitching because I wish the device would come sooner. We’re all anticipating playing with it
Plot twist, he was trying to do the fist in the air and forgot to first close his fist. But really, Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Honestly, at this point, id just build it double wide. You have 3 conainers, just widen it a little. Could have turned a 1 bedroom into 3-4
Is it an ARPG or turn based?
kinda wish they'd change the keyboard and fix wasd
What Dreams May Come..
its a shame 90% of MATIC seems to be controlled by a handful of wallets
How? Are they shipping it when the placement fixed? I haven’t seen shit for saying this was addressed.
Lots of small gathering and business establishments are going to be opening as of Friday. I doubt anyone is on glue. Do what you think feels safe. This is ending sooner or later. Prepare for it
go for the sager laptop then
What did they fix? Did they move a key?
How insane would it be if our eyes did this naturally. How much do you think life would change if everyone had the ability to zoom in like this? I’m not even high.
That is cool as hell
i almost bought it on the switch but bought it on PC instead to use with my GPD WIN MAX and get the free community mod on steam that adds like an extra 40 hours of gameplay.
There was a video of the SUV stopped and people breaking the windows. Pretty sure they freaked out and gunned it.
It’s still 1519.00 base model right now. You can customize the cooling paste and stuff but sager cooling mechanics are pretty legit
Ultimate Online did this well but not an innkeeper or bar keeper in the city. Alchemy and gardening and smithing and tailoring and all these other skills were the only means players could get related items. Players would own houses and sell out of their houses or their NPc vendors they would buy. Truly awesome system
Looks like an internal document not something shared during a press conference. Who knows. Shit changes over a years time. It would be stupid to announce a PS6 as the PS5 hasn’t even released. GPD can’t be that stupid can they?
Hopefully these hold value then so I can resell
Skill based = using a skill to gain skill points for it lol
I know right? UO was amazing at that. If you wanted to never even fight and simply craft potions, armor, furniture, ceramics, decorations, clothes, weapons, or even garden you could. People ran their own shops with vendors, had distribution networks, and grew straight up communities. It was amazing in its prime.
I agree WoWs class system is a joke but UO most definitely had classes. Certain skills while modular, added compounding effects that suggested pairing to create classes. You can’t be an effective blacksmith and also a warrior. It was the skill refinement and selection that made UO amazing. Hell..Hybrid classification CAME from UO. It was the first MMO to do it.
god forbid someone understands the difference between asymptomatic and presymptomatic. Even IF asymptomatic is rare for transmission, presymptomatic can still spread the virus quite easily according to data, so whats the fucking difference lol. I get we are learning as we go but what a fucking shit show this is
what stain did you use for the top?
my friend is a pilot and i flew in a small sesna style plane with him. you'd be surprised how slow these go as you approach landing speeds. its like exiting a freeway. seems scary but its not so bad. these planes are like the fucking gokarts of the sky.
what kind of van is this?
Even Ultimate Online used RNG for “success” chance to craft something. RNG will always be a factor in games until hand eye coordination becomes a real feature in RPGs for crafting
Yeah it’s that under tension part I’m curious about. Thanks for the explanation
Right?! Best game of all time in my book
To each their own but i think this looks like some shitty sci-fi channel low budget set design. Even the fake mockups from the community looked better than this.
Back in the 1999-2002 era, i played UO heavily. Before bots were a thing but when macros were still viable. I would play the game and sell in game gold (1 million) for $20-40USD a pop. Tamers made this real easy. I basically used it to buy a car. Had an absolute blast. Now a days, bots ruin literally everything. China and Korean farms would suck the game dry.
Fuck you and the horse you rode in on. That’s cheap for those models!
if it hasnt been running, that engines accessories are probably all fucked. hopefully the last owner started it regularly.
Why? The Sager is like $400 cheaper
And I have friends who still think this is a democratic hoax. People are fucking dying but both political parties treat it as a pissing match and humanity suffers.
Is this a hike by chance?
Ultima Online stayed top 10 for 10 years. I cannot believe how well Lineage did. holy shit.
What are some of your sourcing locations?
ESO ran fine on my GPD Win 1 so..yeah...
I mostly ran around town and did general quests and never had an issue. 30fps likely at native resolution on low graphics. Played like a champ
Node is the cleanest case
I just wish some game development studio would make a modern revision of Ultima Online. I love the immersive 3d MMORPGs like ESO and New World but want something like UO for true sandbox gameplay. I don't even care about the 2D design. Give me UO in 3D and you'll get people throwing money your way.
The selfish act of doing it is not but those are also jobs that are part of the larger economy. Those working remote with a tech giant can fuck off all year at home just fine but servers and bartenders and hospitality personnel can’t. Not saying idiots without masks are altruistic but there is a greater need. Dumb people just ruin it
its green for 1 week out of 52 each year. the rest its a brown asshole wasteland of dead dry brush
guessing wind waker or twilight princess wont run then?
Do 5 hours of work for $500. Entry model pricing.
Maybe but at least way cheaper
They’d do better if they focused on higher end pieces. The market for casual cameras is dead as iPhone and Android corner the common user needs with phones...
how much power delivery output is required here to charge the MAX vs the MAX charge the power bank?
What’s the HBG URL?
Is there any cross section to it for stability?
I added JITS but I don’t see anything in new games. It’s empty.
Is yours the optiplex? Mine only fits a single slot 1030 and I can’t find the single slot 1650 anywhere online in the US.
Aquis shut down because it’s staff had the virus too
Campbell
The GPD Win Max looks more promising in my opinion
so that island has zero storage and is basically useless except for a stairwell? still cool though
ehhh id rather have the latest 7nm AMD chipsets. the agpu options are pretty damn powerful
You have to be shitty before you get better. great progress. keep it up.
