Did he ask for a poster of Rita Squidward?
Your parents are what Chrissy feared becoming going into the program and what led him to tell Tony that Ade had been talking to the Feds and Sil whacking her. But beautiful family fellow Redditor. Fuckin’ eh. Totally radical.
[Bill Simmons tells a story about Tom Cruise coming to one of Jimmy Kimmel’s football Sunday parties where he squashed the beef between Cousin Sal and Jeff Ross.](https://grantland.com/features/tom-cruise-ends-feud-jeff-ross-cousin-sal/)
It’s not they weren’t investigated. It’s that the mainstream media didn’t care because of who his victims were. Also none of his victims went to the authorities. But the child porn tape went public in early 2002. Piss on You was on Chappelle in 2003.
Farmers Markets are a definite. There also need to be classes teaching about nutrition and how to properly prepare food. Also teach people how to create their own garden if they have a lawn. We have generations of bad diets to contend with.
But Don Muraco was “The Rock” before Ken Shamrock became an MMA star. And WWF was owning rights to names in the 80s. So why should I believe Ken Shamrock?
Unless he used a different organization, in the many many trademarks of “The Rock,” none of the dead trademarks are under his name.
I don’t know, but he was the Magnificant Don Muraco in WWF before he was “The Rock.”
It’s like they saw the commercial last night.
I just hear Jon Favreau telling him how selfish he is as a Cubs fan and how he never goes with him to Sox games.
NBA teams can’t trade 1st round picks in consecutive years. The work around is the original team makes the draft pick and trades the player rights to the other team. But Detroit couldn’t trade the 19 and 20 pick to the Griz. In fact, they can’t trade the 2019 pick because they traded the 2018 (part of the Blake Griffin trade).
The Pistons cannot trade the 2019 first rounder because they traded their 2018 first round pick. They can make a draft choice and then trade the rights to the draft pick though. So in theory, they can make a trade with the Grizz for the 19 pick, selecting the player the Grizz instruct them, but at some point; i think in the new NBA fiscal year after July 1, the rights to the selected draftee can be traded.
They can agree to the deal but it cannot be made official. The Grizz once did that with Atlanta for the rights to Pau Gasol but the deal wasn’t finalized until later.
Actually Joerger’s tenure started slowly when he tried to move to a different more offensive oriented style. It wasn’t until he went back to Lionel Hollins gameplans that the team got back on track for the 2013-14 season. The players were mostly the same after Hollins left; but it’s not like Joerger exceeded what Hollins did. Hollins and Hubie Brown are the only Memphis Grizzlies coaches whose tenure showed a noticeable improvement from what the Grizz had before.
It wasn’t made because Hanks didn’t want to do it. But if Hanks would have wanted to do it, they wouldn’t have used that book. Maybe the title. It’s not that good of a book
They didn’t use the first book a hundred percent. I never read the first book but I read the 2nd. It wasn’t good. But they could have taken the outline of Forrest and his son and getting caught up in other popular cultural touchstones.
Touché. Just read the Stepien Rule and it seems you’re right.
Damn Mrs. Garrett, what have you become!?!
The equivalent would be Chris Brown meeting “Chris Orange.”
WarnerMedia owns DCU to begin with.
When I was an elementary school aged kid, I had explosive diarrhea and that happened to me at a long gone department store called Zayre. I was in the front of the store at the arcade games (Super Pac-Man and Donkey Kong I believe) and had to run all the way to the back of the store to get to the restroom leaving a trail of liquid poop. Crazy thing? That shit was still on the floor when I came back to the store with my mom a week later.
Scary 1 was a much bigger hit than expected. And it was hot and soon after Scream and I know what you did last summer. Scary 2 parodied movies like Exocist and Poltergeist. Scary 3 came out two and a half years after Scary 2 and was more in the spirit of the first movie with parodies of release pop culture. I also think the studio put more marketing effort behind it.
I was a kid. I didn’t choose the places i would go. I had been going to that place for as long as I can remember. That’s like saying if something embarrassing happened to me at school how brave I was going back as if I had a choice in the matter.
10% of the Internet is a huge audience though.
Comparing the Major League sports contracts isn’t a good comparison because they handle things differently than the WWE though.
Why come he ain’t going to the U!?!
My mom used to say, “I brought you into this world, and I’ll take you out!” No word if she was giving ludes as stress relievers to unsuspecting mentorees.
Contracts are treated differently in different circumstances. Arsenio Hall tells a story about how when he got his late night show being told by Quincy Jones that if he was successful, contracts are always renegotiable. Sometimes contracts aren’t ironclad. If all parties can benefit from a new deal, a contract can be voided in many cases.
I enjoyed the movie but it’s like Watchmen where it takes itself too seriously and doesn’t have the lightness that X-Men movies have had in the past.
I don’t understand a negative backlash. It’s worse than who she killed earlier in the movie? Literally showing how outraged she was that Xavier messed with her mind and how she was negatively being influenced by Vuk.
Those were juicy hands to begin with. That’s why that centipede took a bite; them bad boys probably looked tasty like a bratwurst.
Somebody didn’t see “Uncle Drew!”
She’s pretty though. There is money to be made.
It’s still 9 or 10 months before the primaries/caucuses so I don’t mind the big numbers. There was only five in 2016, and we know how that turned out. But it never made sense for Beto O’Rourke to go from overperforming but losing a Senate to a Republican incumbent in a red state to running for President.
Mayor Pete should do things on a bigger level and build himself up. Win a state race in Indiana. (This is my personal opinion of course).
That is probably the best thing for Biden to do; be the front runner and take the crap from the Repubs and their media while the eventual nominee flies under their radar. It worked for Obama in 2008.
The MCU hasn’t been making films in one series for 19 years though. Excluding Deadpool, the X-Men/Wolverine movies are basically three series in the same franchise including a spin-off, a soft reboot (DOFP) and a reimagining (FC). The MCU is like 10 separate franchises that come together for the Avengers (and CW) done over 11 years.
A week ago it was one game against the Nats. :-/
I didn’t know [Samuel L. Jackson had a twin!](https://youtu.be/8Y1o8910Xs4)
There’s no crying in rasslin’!!!
Marvel’s Deadpool. QT’s 13th film. Starring Christoph Waltz as Wade Wilson/Deadpool
All I do is sue, sue, sue, no matter what! Got Billboard on my mind Number 2 not enough And every time I step up in the courtroom The judge gavel go up…
I think a third Deadpool movie under the Fox label is certain. But an MCU Deadpool might be down the road enough that they may want to recast.
Future Riddler and Commissioner Gordon.
How to kill the tourism industry in the DR in 6 tourist deaths!
I’ve thought HBO should make a series out of Harry Potter’s 7 book for a long time. It’d be HBO rather than Netflix because Warner holds the rights. But I think they’d want to wait longer so the films are out of the collective memory. You’d want the tone of a series to be different than the films.
I thought you should add that woman was a public figure, Lala Vasquez Anthony.
But how did you end up in the same flat?
That would matter if Heisley owned the team and Tony Barone and Jerry West were on staff.
You would if you watched Star Trek Deep Space Nine. Plus Kim Kardashian hung with Paris Hilton and followed her template for fame rather than go off her dad’s name.
I have an idea.... A MEMPHIS GRIZZLIES shirt! That should balance out the Warriors gear.
Thought this was the forum for Grizz fans. Are you saying Grizz fans are wearing Warriors gear? Why not wear your Marc Gasol or Kyle Lowry Grizzlies jersey?
[Everything!](http://iruntheinternet.com/lulzdump/images/gifs/star-trek-Cardassian-jazz-hands-wave-1353349358m.gif)
This is like those old “I’m drinking milk” commercials from the 80s!
Cause the Knicks might be willing to still take a chance on three years of him with him hurt year one.
The real question is was the groom a black guy and the bride a white giiirl?
&gt; Never seen but heard about: Someone else proposing to the bride during the ceremony. [This was the twist ending of the season 5 finale of “A Different World!”](https://youtu.be/t095dapDIbY)
Because it wasn’t imagined? Because it didn’t involve a fantasy? Because my actual name is “Real”? The closing comment of the song “Golddigger” is a black woman supporting a black man as he building himself up professionally and financially and when he finally makes it he leaves her for a white women.
The last verse is literally about not going for a guy just because of his financial wherewithal but believing in his potential. &gt;But while ya'll washin' watch him He gone make it into a Benz out of that Datsun He got that ambition baby look at his eyes This week he moppin' floors, next week it's the fries So, stick by his side I know this dude's ballin' but yea that's nice And they gone keep callin' and tryin' But you stay right girl But when you get on he leave yo' ass for a white girl And the irony is that when he is successful, he leaves the woman for a white girl. The whole song is implied to be the POV black people from the things he says; but even if you don’t explicitly hear it, you can at the least assume the woman that is the audience for the final verse is a woman of color.
The last episode of “Dynasty” aired the year Kawhi was born!
OP, can I really mess with your mind? Bluff City is Memphis’ best known nickname. But there is also a [Bluff City, Tennessee.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bluff_City%2C_Tennessee#History)
Finals still had Lebron.
Casual fans will watch a series with Lebron and have no idea that he previously had a tough series. Still Lebron.
The rooftop at the Peabody Hotel. The observation deck at the Pyramid (Bass Pro). Dixon Gallery &amp; Gardens. Botanical Gardens. The Redbirds have a baseball game and they might be willing to let you propose in public if you arrange it.
We’ve had a YSK about allsides before. All sides calls CNN liberal/progressive. CNN isn’t a liberal news source. That are intentionally a Center source. That is the problem with the right wing slander of CNN, CBS News, NBC News (Not to be confused with MSNBC which for several years positioned itself as a liberal voice), and ABC News for decades; those sources are down the middle with pure journalistic objectivity. They made true efforts to do that. And if someone goes to Allsides looking for a liberal POV and are given CNN, they aren’t getting a liberal perspective.
Everybody who likes action movies and Samuel L. Jackson?
Madea movies generally have been in a $50-75 million sweet spot for 15 years. “Madea goes to jail” was the big over performer in the Madea series ($91 million in 2009). Boo came out four years after the previous Madea movie, Madea’s Witness Protection; [according to BOM, MWP has a higher gross than BMH when adjusted for inflation.](https://www.boxofficemojo.com/franchises/chart/?id=madea.htm)
I want you to tell me which part of CNN’s news gathering apparatus (not opinion shows) is not trying to be center.
Shaft 2000 did $70 million domestically ($107 million). It was marketed to all audiences. It actually may have underwhelmed. Shaft 2019 has a smaller budget and the marketing is much more subdued and I believe geared to black audiences. It stars Samuel L. Jackson, so I don’t understand why not marketing it too everyone and attached the trailer with Captain Marvel and Avengers.
That’s not true. From the CBA FAQ: &gt;Once Bird rights are established, they don't go away unless the player is renounced or signs with another NBA team. This means teams retain Bird rights to many players who have long since retired, and could still use those Bird rights to re-sign such a player if that player attempts a comeback (but not for a sign-and-trade transaction -- see question number 103 for details).
That’s what the Nets said when they traded for KG and Paul Pierce.
Warner Bros. owns both Living Single and Friends. And the concept of Friends is more like a Fox show that came out before Living Single called ["Down the Shore."](https://youtu.be/UKGEw2EX99Y)
Sox win the season series regardless.
He was a villain in Spider-Man 3 and Predators too. That has become his thing.
I don’t expect the Grizz to win a title either. Not with that leadership.
Blatant theft? Then they are properly naming the development.
So did the Cavs keep the Oakland paper’s doors open 3 out of 4 years?
Isn’t that a promotional image? I think it was used for one of the DVD set images. But it doesn’t look like it’s from the Sanford &amp; Son set though. It’s like how the intro house doesn’t match the set from the show which was done on a soundstage.
Don’t think it’s that one either because that house in the intro has a green and white awning.
Twist: it’s the same one he’s been crowing about since 2015.
Look up Sheldon Adleson and Warren Buffet why don’t ya?
Wooo, glad we missed out on that train wreck. Thanks Jerry! /s
I’d guess Dick’s. Aren’t there plenty Dick’s in Wrigleyville?
OP said rich people, not overly in-debt flashy grifters.
J came in 1969 i believe in MIB3. In the first movie first contact happened then MIB was founded in 1961.
I think Disney created plenty of its own IP. So they should be recognized more than just its marketing. Marvel had successful launches with Paramount and Lucasfilm had successful launches with Fox (and Paramount for Indiana Jones). Prior to Disney buying each.
They didn’t endorse him in 2020 though.
When she leaves, why do I expect her to get a podcast/show on the Ringer and be special sports correspondent for CBS This Morning with Gayle King?
Not likely. Elected incumbent Presidents are not usually in danger of losing the nomination. The closest was LBJ in 1968 and he dropped out of the nomination race.
I’d want the Democratic nominee beat Trump by a bigger margin than Obama beat McCain in 2008; just to see Trump’s immediate reaction.
Eddie Murphy will do talk shows. He just hasn’t had anything to promote for a long while. Surprising would be him hosting SNL.
*In Rick James voice:* CHARLIE MURRRPHEEEE!!!* RIP Charlie Murphy. Cancer sucks.
He’s hanging with a fellow comic. He’s going to try to make Seinfeld laugh.
Babylon. A Life in the Day Of Benjamin Andre (kind of). The Art of Storytelling Part 1 Reset. Jazzy Belle. Ms. Jackson. 13th Floor/Growing Old
Definitely this.
He hosted SNL the season after he left (the Xmas 85 episode) and before Loren Michaels came back to the show. Eddie Murphy never worked for Loren Michaels.
Was Loren Michaels fired? I thought he left on his own. And I don’t know if Eddie Murphy and Loren Michaels have issues with each other as much as they just never forged a relationship since they didn’t work together.
Eddie Murphy completely felt betrayed by the David Spade joke. I remember watching it live as it was done. Chris Rock says Eddie couldn’t stand Spade after that.
Was Farley a Brewers fan? Seems like he would have been a Cubs fan.
People make fun of Eddie Murphy. [In Living Color made fun of Eddie Murphy and it was his good friend Keenan Ivory Wayans’ show.](https://youtu.be/NxUO2VpUEVI) Eddie Murphy was a funny impression. Keenan Ivory Wayans’ big breaks were writing the opening sketch on Eddie Murphy Raw and “I’m gonna git you sucka” (Plus KIW’s involvement in Hollywood Shuffle). Murphy was pissed that SNL would make that type of joke about him saying he wasn’t successful. Eddie Murphy kept that show on the air and felt they should never go after him.
Chris Wallace is a very likable person. Him being likable wasn’t people’s issue with him.
We don’t think of the cities, we all just think about the water (Tampa Bay).
I remember when Larry Wilmore had Gretchen Carlson on his podcast to talk sexual harassment. It was a really cordial discussion that didn’t really delve into Carlson’s Fox News political leanings and comments; but she did say that a majority of women voted for Trump and Larry Wilmore didn’t correct her. To some people, only white voters matter. That’s why there is a constant media narrative that Trump won over working class voters, but it ignores that they only mean working class white voters (in only certain parts of the US). Trump has not won over minority working class people.
You left out Frayser and Raleigh; 38127 &amp; 38128.
It’s bad. It makes it harder for actual local families to buy. Causes them to have to rent which will be more expensive than mortgage. The extra money that is being spent on rent instead a mortgage isn’t being spent in the Memphis economy; it’s money going into the out of town investor’s pocket. So that’s a financial drain on Memphis. And out of town investors are more likely to not take care of the property or be held accountable for local blight. They also have no civic pride for Memphis because they aren’t in Memphis.
Trade deadline deal for John Wall!
So I’m guessing Eloy is in it too, right?
Like an NRA or Cigarette Manufacturers convention.
[A Life in the Day of Benjamin Andre.](https://youtu.be/FjjHtSwFPnU) [Ms. Jackson](https://youtu.be/MYxAiK6VnXw) [Hey Ya](https://youtu.be/PWgvGjAhvIw) [Green Eyes - Erykah Badu](https://youtu.be/3EnO9erUo2M) Listen close to the lyrics. I don’t know exactly why, but apparently Dre didn’t want to be tied down and just ended things so he could be a player. [Rolling Stone](https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-album-reviews/mamas-gun-101989/)
So Theo Epstein as Salt Bae, Eloy as the salt, and Comiskey as the grill?
I’m not hearing the NE connection.
Yeah, ESPN didn’t keep UConn out the Big XIi.
Are you talking about the Beatles?
Police Academy.
*Lead* paintball.
The NBA has already fled broadcast TV (ABC) except for Christmas, a game of the week for about 15 weeks, and the Finals.
It’s been the Black Widow spider’s symbol since before human beings.
OP, that’s the old school way folks would say “champion.” Go watch old footage of boxing championship fights. They’ll call the “champean.”
So ABC shows 15-20 games of NBA 1,230 regular season games and up to 11 of 105 possible playoff games and I’m wrong?
MJ is well known as being a dick so it’s not just here.
I grew up a Bulls fan. I became a Grizz fan when Memphis got an NBA team. I love Michael Jordan the basketball player. But Michael Jordan’s personality is as an asshole. Regardless of his charitable donations and charity work.
No, things I read before the internet. Back when he was playing. In the mid-90s.
Stephen A. Smith was a scholarship student athlete in basketball at Winston-Salem State University.
Traditionally on January 20 the White House staff has the previous President’s things packed up and out by Noon anyway and the new President’s things already in place by the end of the inauguration. Like clockwork. [Moving out and moving into the White House.](https://youtu.be/8F0q9VLdOb4)
He’ll do more than make a huff about it. That’s why I hope he loses in a landslide. He’ll look more like a jerk in his embarrassing loss than he’ll look seething in a close loss.
Too low
It’s so complicated. If you migrate to the US from an African, Caribbean, Central, or South American country, you’d technically be a hyphen based on where you are from. For example, Barack Obama would be Kenyan-American. You’d be “black” as a race. African-American isn’t really a race even though it’s treated as such, it’s an ethnicity. A black person from Canada who descended from slavery isn’t “African-American” by the definition it was intended. It represents an American cultural category. But what happens is if someone is black in America, they are just called “African-American” without regard to their heritage. It’s ultimately just a label. I’m proud of that label and my heritage, but it doesn’t actually mean anything on a human level.
Memphis, Pittsburgh, Cajun Country, and Ontario. Timberlake and Spears had Star Search. And MMC did a nationwide (in the US and Canada) search for cast members. They had stage parents but no connections. Edit: Thx for the gold!
We bake cookies and cook bacon.
Well they ain’t making any money on the boxoffice so what do they care!?!
&gt;Singapore is very uppity like that from what Ive heard. Call Singapore “very uppity?” That’s a’paddlin’!
It wouldn’t be Moline... I’d be Milwaukee! They don’t like Minneapolis having cool stuff.
More like a WKNO documentary, but the Grizz lack in stars and championships to get national attention. Maybe NBA TV.
He sure got his job back with ABC/ESPN without the NBA denying him. Now Tim Hardaway Sr.? I buy that blackball.
Grace Jones to Dolph Lundgren, “[DO YOU THINK I’M SEXY!?!](https://youtu.be/eQopdEwzRj0)”
I just don’t see how this is newsworthy. He could be obsessed with himself enough that he googles himself all the time anyway. Before the hoax.
If nobody was actually watching it, does it even really matter?
Main Street? [Christyles Celebrity Barbershop and Salon](https://www.downtownmemphis.com/guide-to-downtown/christyles-barber-shop/) is on South Main Street. It’s Penny Hardaway and Zach Randolph’s shop.
Happened when Magic came out as HIV positive. Happened when Eazy-E died of AIDS. The best thing for HIV awareness is a famous person getting it and telling everybody.
That’s just not the same. Eminem can tell people all day long in PSAs not to use opioids, but it won’t have the same impact as Mac Miller dying from an overdose.
Yup... Suge Knight having some gang member inject Eazy-E with HIV+ blood rather than shooting to kill makes more sense than Eazy-E having unprotected sex like crazy all around the country with groupies when he was one of America’s biggest rap stars of the late 80s and early 90s.
Ben Carson and Mitch McConnell’s wife.
I think that was a huge shocker at the time. But there was so much more paranoia and ignorance. I don’t know people knew how to get tested for HIV when Hudson died.
That worker looks Super. That worker looks like he’s into peaches. That worker looks like he’s into mushrooms. That worker looks like his flowers have him burning. That worker looks like his brother wears green. That worker looks like he rides a dinosaur. That worker looks like his Princess is in another castle...
Memphis was the best choice of the CUSA programs for the Big East to take in 2004 and had long rivalries with Louisville and Cincinnati. The Big East took USF. USF brought Tampa Bay / State of Florida. UAB is in Birmingham (and has history with several AAC schools). MTSU is in Nashville. GSU is in Atlanta. FAU/FIU are in Miami. If AAC adds another school and it’s not BYU, it will be for the TV market.
He actually didn’t. It took another year plus for him to do so.
I think people feel like celebrities are “friends” so when things happen to those people the general public feels like it hits close to home.
Market size always matter because it speaks to potential fanbase. And ESPN still airs some AAC games and a bigger market will get prime ESPN real estate.
But you left out this... &gt; **One media assertion, courtesy of Commercial Appeal beat writer Ron Tillery, is that Barone Sr. "talked Heisley into" taking Thabeet. I think it's fair to implicate Barone Sr. in the Thabeet pick, as I do believe he was the biggest Thabeet booster among the top decision-makers.** But I think the suggestion that Barone Sr. convinced Heisley to select Thabeet is probably too strong; it suggests that someone else was making a strong case against the Thabeet pick, and I haven't seen any indication that that's the case. My understanding is that Heisley didn't need to be talked "into" taking Thabeet, but rather that he would have needed to be talked "out of" taking him. Thabeet was going to be Heisley's pick unless persuaded otherwise. With no strong consensus forming around any of the guards, that never happened. This becomes a battle of 2009, 2010 sources. Ron Tillery was close to Hollins and Michael Heisley. Chris Herrington wasn’t a beat writer and he did more of a features and analysis Grizzlies writing role with the Flyer and had relationships with the organization but not the same as Tillery. And other than Wallace, much of that organization was the same as the first season. Tillery wasn’t out with the organization until the Robert Pera era.
That’s not exactly true. Mueller left the FBI in 2013.
Daisy Duck: WINCEST!
It’s a sequel to a 16 year old movie Bad Boys 2; I’ve been asking for it; and it’s been in the works for years. Just because you don’t like something doesn’t mean someone else doesn’t.
MIB3 was within the last decade (2012) Focus made money; it wasn’t a blockbuster, but it was a hit. And Aladdin is literally currently a hit. The only action movie he’s made that wasn’t a hit in the last 20 years is After Earth. And he was basically a guest star in that movie.
MIB 3 grossed $624 million worldwide. It’s the top grossing MIB film.
When Joe Lieberman became a national political candidate, I wondered why Willie Tanner from ALF was running for Vice-President. Godspeed Mr. Wright.
Brad Calipari at Hampton? Why do I expect that to end up with Brad Calipari singing “[Dick in a Box](https://youtu.be/Rt0spqQtMKg)?”
How much money did Sony get from product placement and sponsorships? What about tax rebates? MIB 3 was the 10th biggest movie worldwide in 2012 and is Will Smith’s 4th biggest grosser (tied with Hancock). I think you are trying to imply that is underwhelmed or something. When his big blockbusters other than ID4 were doing $500 mill, why would Sony expect even more than the big gross they got?
Sopranos on Pax is one of the best comedy sketches in American television history.
So “Jumanji: Sega Genesis.”
They are hurt because they haven’t been very good the last several years. If they are mediocre or suck the next several seasons, it won’t matter if they get many of their traditional rivals back and play in MSG. But without focusing on football, they didn’t really fit what the legacy Big East (The American) became; Conference USA 3.0 (original CUSA, CUSA after the BEast poached CUSA schools).
OP, Jamie Foxx has a bigger mouth than Fresh Prince! Will Smith could have completely done a great job as Django and I think he could have brought more charisma and swag to the role than Jamie Foxx then. It’s Django’s story, but Jamie Foxx was outshined by all these other actors in the film who had great performances.
What did she do exactly!?!
You sound like how I was with “Shazam!”.
I’m shocked JW didn’t convince him to make that money and give a significant contribution to the church. This is like Scientology letting a member walk away from that much money.
Headline made me think this would be Aretha.
Trade exception isn’t enough for Wiggins 19-20 contract. But Chandler Parsons’ expiring contract is.
Lebron is a [Trap Jaw Jordan](https://www.he-man.org/assets/images/collect_toy/trapjaw010_full.jpg).
I’m sure the hope is by year three of the contract, JV will be a backup center.
There’s a catcher named McCANN, which is somewhat the opposite of “Cease.”
So OP, are you saying no one with the last name “King” is a Briton?
You waited 3 years to say this? If the trash isn’t being picked up, are you bugging city hall about it? If the schools have gone to hell, as a parent, what has changed about the schools?
Is that Watkins between Frayser Blvd. and St. Elmo?
If you have invisibility, you’d be blind because your eyes wouldn’t collect light.
Seems like Modern Family should be replaced by the Office. The guys who created Modern Family created Just Shoot Me and came from Frasier respectively. (American) The Office was developed by the co-creator of KotH.
In Memphis, which is in the south, we call them “drinks.”
An Arlington scammer is a downtown panhandler I guess.
When we get Wiseman, we’ll already have a back-up center in JV.
It’s top 6 protected in 2020.
But also a .489 losing percentage. Still balanced.
I had a translation from Spanish of a Caribbean reporter who said there would be a Monday press conference announcing Ozuna to the White Sox!
201 Poplar in the basement on the court date on the ticket. The 3 city divisions are next each other in the far corner. If you have your tags up-to-date by your court date, they’ll dismiss the ticket.
So Rick Hahn gave you a vasectomy?
But do they use the old beef stock French fry grease?
Benny Medina was the source of the idea, but he isn’t credited with being a show creator, nor was he a writer/show runner. Benny Medina was never from Philly either. He didn’t have a friend named “Jazz.” And the family he moved in with wasn’t his family.
Mine too
The Toretto family *loves* family.
Impeachment 2 1/2... The Smell of Removal
I can completely believe this.
That was great but they should have added ?uestlove and Black Thought to play the other two guys.
Isn’t Methodist Germantown further East?
Not if someone is looking for the Hospital and aren’t familiar with Memphis’s neighborhood designations.
[It’s not much different than the original, is it?](https://youtu.be/VJcGi4-n_Yw) Maybe a little slower, and with the score accompaniment once the parents kiss.
Why come that sub got mo members that the Sox though?
He’s not a solid 3 guy though.
TIL winter explains Pepe Le Pew.
But to be honest, George W. Bush certainly led to more unnecessary deaths than Trump has so saying he is less evil doesn't mean he wasn't just as horrible a President.
So, “Spenser: For Hire?”
Looks like a tall Rusev.
I went about 8 years without buying an NFL game. I miss NFL2K.
In all fairness, Vince Carter was still an All-Star until 2007 and he was competing with the likes of Kobe Bryant, Allen Iverson, Tracy McGrady, and Jason Kidd for the All-NBA slots. There are only 6 spots each year for guards.
It's an old radio station changing formats. WUMR, the Jazz Lover.
I hope there is a Kevin Feige cameo where he gives advice.
Your post is good. When the news came out, I thought it sucked because it felt like they were moving away from being a program for UM students. I just wanted to point out it is taking away from what UM had.
This is the “Strange Magic” of 20th Century Fox.
It’s not going to be a program exclusively for University students. The music format isn’t the big deal. It seems like the station will do the same thing that the SCS station does with more input from the Daily Memphian and Crosstown Concourse’s high school.
Don’t pull that thang out, unless you plan to bang.
But it’s like they are going from being 100% of the role to it being driven by others.
My condolences... How did you feel about your uncle directing all those loud Transformers movies?
So this threat will cost American taxpayers millions as Trump Organization affiliates properties are given around the clock protection.
He was Fernando Tatis Jr. for the White Sox before Fernando Tatis Jr.
Number is still too high.
His first two albums were absolute classics.
So Star Trek once used the saying “Only Nixon could go to China.” How long before Star Trek uses the saying, “Only Trump could make Iran sympathetic.”?
Dorks who don’t get no boo-tay..
I found out when I was young that birth control pills can be helpful for some girls maintain their menstrual cycle and pain. I found this out when a girl I was dating wasn’t putting out and claiming to be a virgin when she was 21 but was taking birth control. And 20 year old me immaturely responded with a WTF!?!
They’ll call every Democrat a socialist though. They called Obama a socialist. They’d called Bloomberg a socialist if he won the nomination.
Shazam, budget of $100 million, grossed $140 million NA and $365 million worldwide opening in April. Ant-Man, released two months after Avengers AOU, budget of $170 million, grossed $181 million NA and $519 million worldwide opening in July. Exactly why should not performing like an MCU film should be considered a disappointment?
I think I saw this guy once before. He was doing this while keeping “Let’s Hear It For the Boy” from the Footloose soundtrack on repeat. Let’s Hear it for the Boy is the least murderous of songs.
Personally TSS was the worst by a country mile. Maybe because I didn’t have an affinity for Harry Potter and didn’t read the books before I saw it. Maybe because i was an adult when it came out. But it feels like a Chris Columbus film and that’s not meant to be a positive. HBP is a different vibe and it does such a great job conveying the dire emotion of the time. It is a well made film in an auteur sense and considering its transitional nature getting you from the battle at the ministry and finishing up Harry’s time at Hogwarts, it does an excellent job. It handled Dumbledore’s death perfectly. I don’t have a problem with the tart scene. My biggest issue was Snape revealing he was the half-blood prince out of the blue instead of doing it like it was in the novel.
His salary could be a buffer to make numbers work in a bigger deal.
[**DID YOU SAY JUDGE JOE**?](https://youtu.be/7UGWSba1kA0)
And after he was Cowboy Curtis, he was Furious Styles.
The single for BOB was out at least four months before Stankonia came out on Halloween 2000. And I downloaded Stankonia off Napster and was still at the Wrecka Stow at midnight buying Stankonia with the alternate Dre naked woman artwork cover.
Outsider? Outsider? A fictional character created by Larry David that he based on himself worked for the New York Yankees as the Assistant Traveling Secretary on a very successful TV series where Larry David portrayed George Steinbrenner. How is that an outsider?
Sounds like they put him aspiring pimp orientation hazing.
Contact [United Way of the Mid-South](https://www.uwmidsouth.org). They work with many agencies and I’m sure they can get you in connection to one that fits your criteria and does work you’d like to be involved in. Two on their list of agencies you might want to research are the Red Cross and BRIDGES.
While Kevin Spacey’s legacy is jerking off.
I read that Mile High was built to be a baseball stadium and was renovated to work for the Broncos.
75%? That’s 100% of his purpose as president.
Well when you’re black and good at basketball, Reddit requires you to be poor and from a broken home.
Unprecedented for royals in good standing not involved in scandal.
You mean we could have had “Dick Flair!?!”
His show is on Tru TV now. It’s like longer versions of the YT videos.
Instead of it being something showing favoritism for Smollett, in all likelihood it was because CPD was behaving inappropriately. They knew from day one it was a hoax and they still allocated much more money towards the investigation than was needed. This case had dozens of detectives and cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. If CPD took advantage of the high profile nature of the case and a public demand of the mayor’s office to get to the bottom of it, and wasted taxpayer’s money (just as much as Jussie Smollett), who in CPD takes the blame?
I would have rather have had Randy Johnson.
Stephanie looks like a My Buddy doll.
If Trump takes credit for anything, he had nothing to do with it.
He’s right. Puerto Rico’s president might be the most corrupt elected official in the world.
The Dumbbel Hostility Pilferage
[Felons stick together you know.](https://www.history.com/this-day-in-history/jim-bakker-is-indicted-on-federal-charges)
That dude is a televangelist who went to federal prison in the 80s/90s for embezzling money. That was after he got caught up in a sex scandal having an affair with his secretary. The funny thing I remember about this was he said his then wife Tammy Faye’s punani was too deep for him. His late ex-wife was 4’11. Now he has a hustle selling end of the world survival kits to the Fox News crowd. So he’s trying to stay in good with his customer base. [Jim Bakker](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Bakker) [Jim and Tammy Faye’s fall from grace.](https://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/televangelists-jim-tammy-faye-bakker-fall-grace-article-1.3387060)
Norf Norf
Clemson can’t reach out to Tulane to use their facilities?
Non-Celtics fans; do the Celtics really deserve a lottery pick for **JEFF GREEN**? Jeff Green? The Grizzlies already lost the #2 pick in the 2003 draft because of a horrible trade made by a short-sighted front office. Why should it happen to the Grizz again? Since coming to Memphis, the Grizz also used the #2 in 2009 on Hasheem Thabeet, traded a 1st round pick to Utah for Ronnie Brewer who was injured for the season in his only game ever with the Grizzlies, traded a first round pick to dump Hasheem Thabeet, and traded a 1st rounder to Cleveland in a salary dump in 2013 to get Jon Leuer in return. The Grizz desperately needed a small forward in 2015. The team was playoff quality, but the 3 was a gapping hole. But of course, the Grizz had a starter quality small forward, Rudy Gay, but traded him in a salary dump in 2013. So when the Grizz got Ja Morant, maybe good fortune was finally shining our way.
Imagination.
Or American Beauty.
Disney already has a Dolittle film in their catalogue they could put on Disney+. [And this one was a big hit.](https://youtu.be/KKpvFH_Xb0I)
What about Will Smith and BBFL on the same weekend? He had a big hit in Aladdin, but Gemini Man and the cartoon flopped.
Yeah, if they are so used to lies, incompetence, and disorganization, then they really don’t deserve the benefit of the doubt. If they were a legit source of information, being 4 or 5 days late posting a picture would be excusable. But every thing they do and say is to blow smoke up the collective asses of everybody on planet Earth. So they deserve the wrath of even the most simple of misinformation. Knowing them, that picture wasn’t from 1/7/2020; it was a bad photoshop from 2019.
With as much stepmom and stepsister porn in Pornhub? There is a reason Reddit taught me the word “wincest.”
They sure have lots of stuff they don’t want disclosed until after the election.
I saw the regular version. I thought the movie was enjoyable. It didn’t blow my mind and I don’t want to rewatch, but I wasn’t booing it.
Well Dark Knight was the reason the Best Picture nominees expanded from 5 so it has that going for it which is nice.
Tom Hardy’s Bane didn’t have venom. But Jeff Swenson’s Bane did.
Rosario’s gonna be back on the market boys!
I was never a fan of Seth Meyers. But ACL is great and it is the only late night segment I watch regularly. It is the most piercing political comedic commentary since Jon Stewart.
He looks like a mix of his dad and Jim Breuer.
It was supposed to be a different “unknown” actor named Richard Pryor but the studio was afraid of Pryor because of reputation. The film had a known supporting cast and Gene Wilder and Harvey Korman were well-known. As was Mel Brooks.
One person, one vote.
I bought your book about a decade ago when my local Tower Records had a going out of business sale. I was unaware of you and found it to be an enjoyable read. Can I tell you how much I appreciate that?
No because it has the double whammy effect of taking attention away from the presidential nominee and shooting an attention getting shot away from the convention. The fact is, the only reason to pay any attention to the political conventions is to find out the VP nominee. Why leak that early when the candidate wants to get as much attention in the convention as possible.
I think I have read about parents who had quadruplets and quintuplets tattooing something on the baby to figure out which child is which.
Right now I don’t like Andre Iguodala.
Can’t teach height... Or cap flexibility.
Jim Brown retired at age 30 and became a movie star.
I don’t know why. Please tell me why.
Disney will NEVER wait that long to make another Star Wars movie. Disney used to be a patient company. That isn’t their way anymore.
The Criminal’s Union has excellent health benefits.
I think it’s like when you have family that can come over to your house whenever but they are too ashamed to have you ever come to their house.
Well damn, this junt is getting good reviews!
Is this for group sales? Season tickets? Why even use a rep this day and age when you have all the ticketing apps to compare prices and get the best deal?
He had one in December. It just flopped. Aladdin was just barely off from fresh. It had a 57%. Concussion was at 59% and Focus was at 56%. He’s been close but no cigar the last five years.
There is a difference between not doing sequels while doing other animated films versus shutting down a core franchise for a generation in hopes getting a box office record. Disney once had a business model of shutting down a movie and re-releasing (and then selling the VHS) after 15 years or so.
I guess your aren’t familiar with Tyler Perry productions.
Serious question; what makes it the ghetto and not just an apartment complex in Oakland?
The Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Nobody cared about Mando until a great story made everybody care about Mando.
These comments about why “Black Panther” is overrated feels like the classic reddit slick racism. Am I being extra feeling this way?
When Tony Soprano passed over Ralph Cifaretto for promotion to Capo with Gigi Cestone because he didn’t like or trust Ralph even though Ralph deserved the spot and there was a great deal of tension in the family, and it was resolved by Gigi croaking while on the crapper Elvis style.
That wasn’t internet expertise. That’s being a black kid in the 80s who didn’t have the money to get one of those and wasn’t fresh like the cool kids.
Almost should just be called “home.”
It was their shot.
He was a regular in the Memphis rasslin scene. Always loved to see him come to the territory.
*Dewey.*
You need to watch “Focus.” He is cool in that film.
Yep, long time ago several times.
It was a great return to 80s era action movies. And Will and Martin were amazing enough that they distracted from the flaws in Michael Bay’s stylistic choices as a director. If Bay had Martin and Will in the Transformers films, they’d probably be liked.
They both did about $70 million domestically and collectively were budgeted for $55 million. Remember Quentin Tarantino made Art House type independent films released through Miramax and Weinstein. His movies are not blockbusters. Pulp Fiction took almost 8 months to gross over $100 million in 1994/95. The two Kill Bills grossed $350-400 million on a $55 million budget. QT became such a well respected filmmaker that three of his last four movies grossed over $350 worldwide. But they aren’t given huge budgets or marketing buys. Like a true blockbuster would.
I’m waiting for the day when Donald Trump says he doesn’t know Rudy Guiliani and only hired him as a lawyer because people suggested it would be good since he was NYC mayor on 9/11.
Most of my personal interactions are with black people. In five years, I only know one person who identifies as African-American who likes Donald Trump and would say he isn’t racist. And she likes him because of the chaos he would cause the Federal government as a Libertarian leaning Republican. The other friend of mine who is black and Republican hates Donald Trump. And I don’t really think she likes the the current party as much as the ideals the original Republican Party was supposed to be about.
Of course his vision is the key piece of what made the first two Bad Boys work. But having the right actors to work those scenes allows for all of his robust vision to be grounded versus being distracting.
RIP George Lapides.
[They are separated but won’t get a divorce.](https://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/why-rhea-perlman-wont-divorce-estranged-husband-danny-devito/)
FedExForum
Eddie Murphy lost his fastball around 1992 and changed to a knuckleballer with family films in 1996. He had lots of flops 1990-2007. By the time he did Nutty Professor, the Eddie Murphy name in itself wasn’t a draw. It was Eddie Murphy in a film set-up people could be sold on. For every Nutty Professor or Doctor Dolittle, there was a Holy Man or I Spy.
The final year is optional. It’s like going to college. Not every wizard goes for that final year. Plus Ron’s brothers had a successful business and errr, there was a job opening.
I knew it the moment he said Mike Lowrey was like his son.
Actually it’s been 22 years. Deathly Hallows is set in 97-98.
That threequel in 2030 starring Will Smith will be “A Suicide Squad.”
I don’t buy “Life” had an $80 million budget. Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence might have commanded fairly big paychecks, but the film had few other big names and not that many different sets. And the film wasn’t distributed internationally. I don’t see Life getting a significantly bigger budget than special effects heavy films Nutty Professor and Dr. Dolittle. Life had fewer stars than Bowfinger and though a period piece, 75% of the film takes place in a prison camp set. Life was budgeted about the same as Nutty Professor 2!?!
Another appropriate headline for the story: “Majority of Americans believe Cheater encourages election cheating.”
The guy who shot and almost killed Ronald Reagan was apprehended and was in a mental hospital/prison until a year or so ago.
Well the original Browns have been very successful in Baltimore. The new Browns have sucked for 20 years, but it’s still just 20 years.
It’s so strange this one the one Prince song that casual, mainstream fans didn’t know, and it was the one that was most appropriate to play when he passed in April 2016.
Years ago Tom Arnold did an AMA. I asked my question during it’s scheduled time. [He ended up answering my question two days later.](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1uncfl/tom_arnold_answers_literally_everything/?utm_source=amp&amp;utm_medium=&amp;utm_content=comments_view_all) He might be a jerk sometimes, but he also can be very friendly.
The Browns were dominant in the NFL before the Super Bowl era.
It’s because he’s often still and no one sees what he does.
Seems like this would be the beginning of the Disney Queens line.
I thought it was because they were big guys and stuff in their pockets was just uncomfortable pressed against them in their pants. So the fanny pack let them wear their tight jeans without the discomfort of a pocket full of stuff Wrestlers can steal fanny packs like they can steal anything else.
Yo friend the Irishman!
Plus every NFL player gets two tickets for purchase to the super bowl.
There are 1,600 players but at least 70,000 seats at the Super Bowl. They can set aside 5,000 seats to sell to players and staff.
To be fair, did the family have wealth outside of the Bears?
&gt;Frayser is a community that's located on the Western edge, of the Northern most part of the city.Therefore, it's North Memphis, if you were to be asked for the its general, geographical, location. Memphis has neighborhoods that were originally part of Memphis and then it has unincorporated areas that the city annexed. North Memphis was a part of Memphis before Frayser (and Raleigh) were annexed. When you say “North Memphis,” you are speaking about a specific part of town. It isn’t specifically a geographic designation. Frayser and Raleigh are the northern most parts of Memphis, but they are not “North Memphis.” Just like “South Memphis” and “Whitehaven” are different parts of Memphis. “East Memphis” and “Cordova” are different parts of Memphis. It’s funny to me that “Frayser” didn’t ever get called “North Memphis” when it was a majority white part of town. &gt;I haven't driven down New Allen Rd since they started construction, but the last time that I drove down New Allen, there were several for sale signs of undeveloped land all the way to Raleigh/Millington. This will spur more development in that sector of Memphis. I concur, we should all be happy that employment opportunities will be available, in that area, for anyone that is looking for a job. I’m from that part of Frayser and I have been going up and down Warford/New Allen for about 35 years. That land was for sale for decades (as is land that is just south of Davy Crockett Park at Range Line &amp; St. Elmo) and I’m happy for development, but I don’t think it’s going to spur some sort of boom. The positive about Amazon is it has a minimum wage of $15 which makes a big difference in Memphis when most warehouse jobs are closer to $10. But Hickory Hill/Southeast Memphis is flush with big warehouses; and exactly how much are those areas thriving from it? What difference will it make for Frayser when houses and apartments aren’t being built and the houses in the community are being bought up by investors from out of town to rent out? You could just as easily live in Northaven or Millington rather than Frayser, Raleigh, or North Memphis. The state is still running the schools in Frayser without actually making a difference. The property values are still depressed. And people don’t care enough about Frayser to respect it is a different part of town than “North Memphis.” Once upon a time, FM 100 used to make redneck jokes about Frayser. Now it’s just blended into what I guess people perceive as one big “mega-ghetto.” I talked to a friend who recently purchased a house in Vollintine. She told me that she’s confused because her white friends tell her she is located in Midtown but her black friends tell her she is in North Memphis. Being from North Memphis originally, I know Vollintine is North Memphis. But I guess there is a stigma with North Memphis. Back in the day, folks in North Memphis wanted to be able to get a house in Frayser or Raleigh. I used to go to my aunt and uncle’s house in Frayser (Sky Lake neighborhood) where they were distinctively middle class. The homes in Frayser were newer and nicer than what you found in New Chicago, Smokey City, Hollywood, or Douglass. But when Firestone and Harvester shuttered, and the white folks moved to Atoka and Munford, I guess Frayser became “destitute.” But some of us are still there. Moving there from North Memphis was an aspiration. And when my family made that move 30 years ago, it was bigger and better. So that’s why I get a kick out of people calling “Frayser” “North Memphis” when Frayser isn’t “North Memphis.”
They could have done the Mankind, Dude Love, &amp; Cactus Jack thing with Charles Wright. Kama, Papa Shango, and Godfather.
Yeah, that Egypt area you’ll get some arguments. I think of the Spring Valley subdivision as Frayser, but residents will tell you all day long it’s Raleigh. But when I was a kid, folks in that area went to Trezevant and had Frayser exchange telephone numbers; but a 38128 (Raleigh) zip code. I don’t know if that area was annexed by Memphis in the 60s with Frayser or in the 70s with Raleigh. I don’t know how long your friend has lived on Ridgemont. But North Memphis is a specific part of Memphis that pre-dates Frayser. Memphis didn’t go past the Wolf River before the 60s. “North Memphis” isn’t directional like it was when the community name was forged. Do you have any friends who live on Tulane who call Whitehaven “South Memphis?” I don’t know Parkway Village or Fox Meadows. I don’t know Orange Mound like the back of my hand. But I came up in North Memphis, Frayser, and Raleigh. I see them as distinct parts of Memphis that have their own neighborhood customs and traditions. I know those communities because I am those communities. The Frayser Development Corporation has existed for a long time and it’s supposed to help with home sales. But it’s going to take a lot of funding to outbid the investors buying houses to rent.
Dillon Brooks was a 2nd round pick, so he’s not making big money yet. His salary this year is $1.6 million. He makes $600k less than rookie Brandon Clarke. He should be in-line a big payday next season, but he doesn’t make enough money to give anybody Robin Leach dreams. Women better have Hoopshype bookmarked before determining which baller to let impregnate them.
Las Vegas and Charlotte!?! Portland (CSA) and Montreal are larger than both, and they only have one franchise in the big four major leagues, unlike Vegas and Charlotte which have two each.
Sky Lake!?!
If Bill Clinton saw Kenny Smith, he wouldn’t ask him to bring over a hot dog, Bill Clinton would ask Kenny Smith to bring over Gwen.
Mike Bloomberg has called. I guarantee it.
Sky Lake (along with Scenic Hills) was as close to Bartlett or Germantown that Frayser got. And you think I believe that in the 80s, anybody in Sky Lake would call their neighborhood “North Memphis.” That’s akin to somebody in Chickasaw Gardens telling people they lived in Binghampton. Hell, considering how Frayser was the butt of so many jokes in the 80s, I would guess people living in Sky Lake wouldn’t admit they lived in Frayser! Where’s u/b1gr1g for his take on this debate?
Timberlake
It’s all good B.
It’s not just about nostalgia It’s also about having IP that has many pre-existing stories that writers can mine for stories. If they repurpose old stories that were once beloved, it might be a better gamble than creating new stories you don’t know work. Plus Mattel will probably either fund a portion of the budget and/or give Sony a percentage of the merch sales following a film.
The Treasury(s) closed when I was about 4. So you can’t remember Treasury if you are 10 years younger than me. Zayre closed in 1988. Kmart closed in 1996; 3 years after they completely expanded and renovated it. I don’t remember when Jefferson Ward closed, but it was in the 80s before Zayre. Hell, even the Freds’ closed. The most heartbreaking closures will forever be Cue City and the two Big Daddy’s. Little did I know while spending countless quarters on video games that Big Daddy’s was a front for illegal gambling machines.
When your administration is more about Fox News style talking heads rather than competent professionals...
What happens if this unexpectedly becomes a massive hit like Deadpool. What does Feige do?
That black area of town? [Beale Street.](http://www.bealestreet.com) It’s a tourist attraction now.
A true smart mark drops “Christmas Creature.”
Does this dude know who Mary Louise Kelly is? Who does he go after next, Lester Holt?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory grossed $100 million more than Batman Begins worldwide though. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory! And it wasn’t the IP, it was Johnny Depp. BB had the stink of Batman and Robin; but it also had a more subdued marketing campaign by WB. It wasn’t the value of the dollar or anything. BB grossed about $40 million more than Batman Forever, which was released ten years earlier. And IIRC, BB opened domestically smaller than BF. BB had great legs and was a slow burn. And the buzz from it led to the excitement for The Dark Knight.
Trump: Studio Gangster
Narrated by Randal and Dante?
The 3rd oldest profession.
Jae
If I search Shinobi, don't I get a 33 year old arcade game by Sega?
I never knew how negatively an outsider would see my old neighborhood until I was riding with coworkers on I-40 and my coworker from Collierville looked at a community and said, “I just don’t understand how anybody can live like that!” And while she mourned for those people with this somber expression, I said, “Uh yeah, that’s the neighborhood I grew up in.”
Fox News: *Never trust a big ‘stache and a frown!*
Pittsburgh CSA - 2.7 million / TV market 24 San Diego Metro - 3.3 million / TV market 29 So Pittsburgh has a bigger TV market than San Diego, but San Diego is larger market than Pittsburgh by population. Plus San Diego is on the border with Mexico so there are at least 2 million more people in the area that in theory could be watching Padres games that don’t get counted with American audiences. Cincinnati, Kansas City, and Milwaukee are the true smallest markets in MLB. San Diego is bigger than all of them, almost 30-40% larger than them.
TV Market Size is a tool for leagues to determine potential customers to sell programming to networks. I guess it’s determined by Nielsen by households and how far from a market TV signals carry, but the post I responded to implied San Diego was smaller than Pittsburgh: when it isn’t. How do folks in Tijuana watch Padres games?
Are Dodgers games on there and not Padres games though?
No cable network gets a local/regional MLB package near the border? That seems like a flaw in the local franchise’s business strategy.
If this isn’t part of an anti-Trump campaign ad, somebody isn’t on their job.
The impeachment of a corrupt president.
And the House of Representatives can have its cap increased to lower the number of people Congresspersons represent.
&gt; When movie Snape protects the Trio from the werewolf in PoA: it’s his Big Reveal come early: rewatch this moment for big feels. Is it though? He knew the werewolf was a person he loathed and knew that he wasn’t in control when he changed. I don’t know that it was any different than what he did during the quidditch match in PS/SS. That wasn’t a sacrifice showing he was protecting Harry for Lily as much as it’s just his job.
I see it. You don’t. Doesn’t mean your right or I’m wrong. I see OP’s POV.
Because the daily pressers were simply substitutes for his cancelled rallies and he really didn’t care about what the task force had to say.
If Joe Biden doesn’t win by at least 15 points in the National popular vote and by at least 100 electoral college votes, then we know too many Americans don’t really give a fuck about America.
When did Memphis parks close? I know you couldn’t park in the parking lots, but the parks were open.
Tom Lee Park wasn’t closed. Riverside Dr. was closed to keep drivers away. But Tom Lee Park is usually closed in May for Memphis in May. And even if TLP was closed, why would it be the only park closed; and it is the park that’s furthest from your glorious suburban parks out East; why would someone who couldn’t go to TLP go to GTown, CVille, or Olive Branch to a park when Overton, Martyr, MLK/Riverside, Fuller, and Shelby Farms are closer?
That’s only enough for the USFL.
Only to get $60 million from Netflix ten years later without having to share any with Neal.
He was... for 19 and a half days. The best 19 and a half days of the last three and a half years.
John Lewis lives. Elijah Cummings passed. And yes, they looked alike.
I don’t think Tom Hanks has ever been a heartthrob. He might have become beloved with that movie. But how would playing a child who becomes an adult make you a heartthrob? This movie plus “Splash” gave him the cred to play good, regular guys. But Tom Hanks has always had the “guy next door” fame. Even when he did his romantic comedy hits with Meg Ryan, he never got that Tom Cruise, Brad Pitt, or Matthew McConaughey type popularity. Tom Hanks became the modern day Jimmy Stewart.
I’m guessing they expected the set to be used in many more movies.
What is with his tank obsession? Does he look in the mirror at his naked body and get inspired?
They keep plans and materials. So they put the pieces in storage and rebuild it for the next film if they want to use the same set.
If the OP’s point was they did a gaudy set that was barely used in the movie, they probably had bigger plans for the set.
I always wondered why Keith Sweat had longevity but Al B. Sure! didn’t.
Because DC was trying to have a very profitable cinematic universe. Not to mention Zack Snyder intended to use Batman in an addition two movies outside of a stand alone Batman series.
It sucks when the only bad score year in and year out I got on my annual physical is that I’m not getting enough Vitamin D. This past year I’ve been taking Vitamin D supplements, and I find this out!?!
I’ve never had a OSC picture make me feel so old.
Because her and people like her give a lot of money to political parties, political action committees, and political candidates and in return they seek powerful positions like this that determine where government money is spent and how the message of the agency will be shaped. Betsy DeVos’s families (her family is ultra wealthy and she married the son of a multi-billionaire) have donated millions of dollars to Republican Party causes and her position is a reward for all that giving. Despite her not being qualified for the job.
Aren’t the white people in Boston traditionally bigoted against each other too? The same way Ireland can have wars between the Catholics and the Protestants, Boston can have communities of people who detest their neighbors for what should be meaningless identifiers. But I learned all I know about Boston bigotry from “The Departed” so what do I know?
Were the lights and sirens on? Was the officer driving following all protocols for a chase? Was the officer driving impaired? If that’s the case, I don’t know that the police should be held accountable outside of financial responsibility if the person who was killed was not at fault. And more murders increases the likelihood of conviction and a harsher sentence.
He’s an evangelical, which in today’s political context is another way of saying a “white Christian.” I know plenty of black Protestant Christians, and they are never labeled “evangelical.”
I know what Bill Russell has said for years. He’s real.
*Remember Jerry, it’s not a lie if you believe it.*
I didn’t see the details of this accident to know the circumstances. A driver who makes a violation that leads to a crash and dies can be at fault.
It’s so good to finally meet another “Panic Zone” fan!
I thought Avatar was a rip-off of Ferngully, which predates Disney’s Pocahontas by several years.
Rutherford Hayes, not McKinley. He ended reconstruction as part of a negotiation to win the presidency in 1876. But the seeds were planted by Andrew Johnson becoming president in 1865.
Not to toot my own horn, but I didn’t need to google it. But I am an African-American from a southern US state so maybe it has special significance to me.
Joe Biden is not though.
Rosewood. Boyz N the Hood Higher Learning Menace II Society Set It Off
The unfortunate truth.
New York Daily News, Chicago Sun-Times, and TMZ. New York Post would be “The Donald’s Fired, but was it fraud?”
I hear what you’re saying. You might as well add the deaths in Afghanistan too, but I guess that was the “good” war.
I get that. But the point is Trump is a philanderer too.
And it was the popular sentiment of America; the same country where the slave trade was thriving. I’m not saying Andrew Jackson was a good president in hindsight. But he had the American people behind him at the time. And yes he committed genocide and stole from Native Americans.
Good point. I didn’t even think about his failure there.
I’m guessing that phobia name was by design.
An African-American Princess Unicorn doll.
Scooby Snacks plus always being high.
BTFTM is low budget and would probably be profitable even if not released theatrically.
She wouldn’t have been forgotten as Miss America because she was the first black Miss America. She would have still had a successful entertainment career. She’s gorgeous and can sing. Her initial music was a hit on urban radio as R &amp; B hits and she didn’t need the scandal to allow her to get attention with black audiences. She already was a heroine.
How lucrative is this endeavor, monetarily?
You’re obviously know your cocaine. I thought freebase/crack cocaine is made with baking soda. Is that not the same thing as cutting it?
Thanks [Cain Lawson from Menace II Society](https://youtu.be/y8nDeLkMpmk).
I see [Samuel L. Jackson next to T’Challa, but who is that to the right of him in the blue blazer](https://youtu.be/OdxMkQhq58g) next to The Falcon Sam Wilson?
*Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Randall The Wise? ... Darth Randall was an MVP of the NFL, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the football to create touchdowns…*
It has a picture of your mom on its front side, it swivels to sexy old time burlesque music, and then it turns you to your backside, falls down, and hits right into your neck.
Sounds like you’re doing a [Chris Rock bit](https://youtu.be/jkxB15nXRvM). THAT’S WHAT YOU’RE SUPPOSED TO DO!
The extremist church didn’t take over the country until 1979 so, I’d think their culture would have been more progressive until 1979.
[You ain’t got no love for Memphis?](https://youtu.be/tNfx325Nw78)
Don’t think it was about making Dorner a martyr. Seems to be about breaking point. For both Dorner and the extreme police force that killed Dorner.
I see more Owen Hart.
I think people under-appreciate the significance of this women using one of the most honored “jobs” in America as leverage to get a bigger post-divorce deal for her son and herself. It’s almost as if she didn’t give a fuck about being First Lady and was more than willing to make Donald Trump look bad if she didn’t give her what she wanted for when she could leave him.
RIP Maurice White.
They joked about it in the 2005 first season of “The Office.”
Budweiser is where the "wazzup" went mainstream, but the Budweiser commercial was based on a short film from the same director Charles Stone called ["True"](https://youtu.be/rAEetITEmvg). Truth is, their version of "wazzup" is kind of like [Martin Lawrence's](https://youtu.be/n7NqU6TViZw). On his show which premiered in 1992, [he worked at radio station WZUP.](https://youtu.be/rLYJU1KN8EA). He often said ["What's Up" in an extreme way.](https://youtu.be/E3eUk0mb7dM?t=250). His included the "t" sound, but it was basically the same thing. [The Martin show said "Chillin" the same way as the True commercial too.](https://youtu.be/E3eUk0mb7dM?t=154)
I think many of the criticisms from reviewers were of the “this isn’t Superman as I remember Superman.” It’s almost like they didn’t like a version of the Superman story where action was a main point and Superman was questioning who he was rather than full of positivity and hope.
I never saw the movie was dull as a reviewer criticism of MoS. I saw it was without heart or joyless. I don’t think that is the same as “dull.” It’s hard to say a film with so many action set pieces as “dull.” Superman Returns got good reviews but the general fan reaction was it dull.
Original’s from 1978. I’ve seen that movie countless times and watched it in the last couple months on DC Universe. Man of Steel is a better movie than Superman IMO. Even though Superman is considered a classic and the template for the comic book movie.
I thought of the same correction, but technically there is another rich Koch brother who isn’t involved with the company who isn’t in the political operation. And the oldest Koch brother died last year.
The perp.... He wasn’t driving. He was in a car that wasn’t moving. I always think it’s sketchy that police can give a DUI to an under the influence person in a parked car. There has to be a better way. Somebody in a parked car could be sleeping it off. They could have gotten drunk while sitting in the car and might have walked home or called an Uber. He wasn’t even asleep in the drive-thru line when the officers arrived, was he? What he was being arrested for could have been handled differently. He resisted arrest and defended himself. Fight or flight doesn’t always go away just because a person is dealing police. Especially if under the influence (allegedly). They tried to tase him and he grabbed the taser. He allegedly shot the taser at them as they were shooting tasers at him. He ran off from his car. Which has a license plate. They had his drivers license. Exactly why did they have to use deadly force instead of just letting him run off? The charge was originally DUI. Exactly why couldn’t an arrest warrant for DUI, resisting arrest, and assaulting an officer not just have been enough? You’re calling him “the perp.” Maybe you should just call him the deceased. You’re probably one of those “he shouldn’t have resisted!” people. I’m one of those “police felt some kind of way that he whipped two of their asses so they shot him when he ran” people. He didn’t die because of resisting, or being a threat to the officers or the public; he died because of those tone deaf cops’ ego and their unwillingness to figure a different way to resolve that moment.
But why? It’s a waste of resources. Public intoxication is an excuse to arrest, not a real charge. It’s like “disorderly conduct.” It’s used on the whim of police when they want a reason to arrest someone.
&gt;And to think, this all stemmed from the guy sleeping off a few too many in his own car, bothering nobody. This whole thing did not have to escalate. Check and make sure the guy is okay, and if not, get him medical attention. Give a ticket if you have to because of the DUI laws that idiotically extend to literally just having the keys, not even in the ignition and let the courts handle it. Off the guy a ride home. They didn’t see him driving. I believe he moved the car to the parking space before they got to the Wendy’s. Seems like they should have had the ability to impound his car and allow him to find a way home; whether having him walk, call a friend, or order an Uber/cab. Legally they may have been required to arrest for DUI. Maybe the laws around the country should give more leeway to a non-driving DUI, where an under the influence person might be trying to sleep it off in their car. Once he fought and ran, they had his car, his drivers license, and his image on their body cam. They also knew he didn’t have a firearm (except the taser he took from the officer. They could have let him escape, did the paperwork, and issue an arrest warrant for DUI, resisting arrest, and assaulting an officer. Deadly force was completely unnecessary.
Businesses will always be set-up to follow the rules, but if they don’t really care, they will never make sure the rules are actually followed.
Because he hid the wheelchair. I thought FDR never let the general public see him in the wheelchair, at least early on. He used crutches to get to podiums for public appearances. If I remember correctly.
So China wants to sabotage America?
&gt;not being impeached and stuff. Even though Congressional Republicans tried their darnest for 6 years to find a reason to impeach him over.
Where you been fam? This was happening long before Obama. Look to the emergence of Rush Limbaugh and his ilk.
The CTA worker would determine if the stop should be closed. Determine if trains need to stop. Determine if trains need to go down the same track. CPD and CTA should be working together any dealing with crimes that happen on CTA property.
Zimmer didn’t do Batman’s theme for the DCEU because he did Batman’s theme in the Dark Knight trilogy. Junkie XL did Batman’s theme and they dumped it for Justice League. I thought the Batman theme in BvS was great.
Because they own DC Comics, maybe?
When I was a kid, I used to see these chemical companies on my side of town in inner city Memphis, Tennessee. When I was older, I came to find out that one of these factories made a pesticide that was illegal in the United States, but they shipped and sold the product to South America. When I was an adult, [we found out one of the companies was dumping/leaking chemicals in a creek that ran through the northern side of the city.](https://m.memphisflyer.com/memphis/toxic-shock/Content?oid=2376954). The chemicals were linked to cancer. My cousin lived on the same side of town (different neighborhood, not too far) near the creek. He died of cancer when he was 35. Makes you wonder. Why can a company manufacture a product in a place where the product is banned?
And blading...
I always thought Trump looked like Peter “Wormtail” Pettigrew!
Sometimes you feel like a nut. Sometimes you don’t. Almond Joy has nuts. Mounds don’t.
I don’t think this is what they meant when you say “I want to be like Mike (Jordan).”
Why do new users come to this board to create polls?
You created an account today just to make this comment?
Grizz got lucky? They’re currently a playoff team, mane. They deserve the mid-level!
The point was the ring created everything. It’s no different than the constructs Hal Jordan created. The mask and the costume where made as a construct too. I actually thought the costume/mask being CGI makes sense. Robert Downey Jr. was often in a CGI version of the Iron Man suit. The issue isn’t that they used CGI; the issue is the perception of the quality of the CGI.
I agree about Mark Strong. Green Lantern has the same problem as Dark Phoenix. It just seems to be missing something that makes a serviceable story a good movie. It’s like it could have been Shazam! or Aquaman, but the director and editor just missed finding that relatable tone.
Those women? Silk and Diamond.
We already knew this. We’re White Sox fans.
A Union is like a government... It is what the people who fund and vote make it. If you elect poor and/or corrupt leadership, your results will reflect that.
So she was a Crock?
Hangin out, down the street, The same ole thing, we did last week, Not a thing, to do, But RAAAPPPing you. David Miscavige! David Miscavige! Wooo wooo! Hello San Quentin!
Because the [Stars and Bars](https://www.britannica.com/topic/Stars-and-Bars) was not the flag that people that celebrated the Confederacy after the Civil War ended. They used the battle flag. To commemorate the Confederacy, to represent the old south, to use as a symbol of groups like the Ku Klux Klan, to use to further a message of white superiority. The Battle Flag is a more unique, visually pleasing flag than the official flag of the CSA which looks like a variation of the USA flag. Over time, it’s what became the symbol of slavery, white supremacy, and Making America Great Again.
He was running, turned back and fired the last taser shot. The police shot at him with the taser at point blank range and didn’t hit him, which is how he grabbed the taser in the first place but you think an intoxicated man running away and turning mid-stride is going to hit the eye of another man running towards him? He didn’t hit the cop with a taser which was then empty; and after Officer Rolfe shot his last taser shot, he switch to this gun; knowing the taser was empty and Brooks had no other weapon (because they frisked him). All the while they had Brooks’ car and drivers license. So why does shooting the last taser and missing justify shooting a fleeing suspect in the back?
Sorry for your loss. That mischievous smile looks like he’s ready to tell a story Luis from Ant-Man style.
He didn’t grab the gun though, did he? He had both officers on the ground and ran off; grabbing the taser as they were shooting it at him. He was trying to run to avoid being arrested; he wasn’t trying to hurt those cops. So to say he would have tried to kill them is your delusion.
Well, I seem to understand that shooting somebody in the back isn’t an indication that deadly force was warranted. But I guess you think in your mind he would have killed them had he grabbed their gun so he deserved to get shot, and that’s yours and Donald Trump’s “silent majority.” Will maybe your flawed mindset is why there have been protest about police brutality the last several weeks.
Actually if that’s the case, the password would be “Goodsex.”
Wanna know how to make this an even bigger story? This is how you make this an even bigger story.
One thing you didn’t add in your options the police had was there fact the officers had his car (and I believe keys), his drivers license, and since he was captured on body cam, his image. So they could have let him escape and had a warrant issued; or they could have called for a car to go by his home. His car would have been impounded and he had no drivers license. They had a great deal of information to find him at a later time.
How’s your wife Monica and your twins? Did Joey ever move back from Los Angeles?
You left out “Confederacy worshipping.”
Shots fired at SunnyD!
I’m confused... Can I tell you “I told you so” now? Since we’ve spent high levels of funding on police for decades?
I rate it very low.
Funny testing is overrated but he’s probably tested regularly and anybody who works close to him has to be tested on a regular interval.
Nope... Trump: “Yes. Worst presidential proclamation ever. My father said it was a loser.”
An annuity.
Cops investigate the worst crimes; they generally don’t prevent them. The cops might take a murderer off the streets, but they do nothing to prevent the conditions that made the murderer willing to murder; therefore they don’t stop the next murderer from causing a murder. What’s worse? A significant number of murders go unsolved, so the police can’t even get the murderer off the streets.
My great-great-great-grandfather would beg to differ. Though it sucks right now too.
I’ve hung around Frayser for 30 years. Barbecue might happen. Game of basketball might happen. Grocery shopping might happen. Lawn mowing might happen. Might get in a game of NBA 2K. Might get a hair cut. I wish I could still get some Exlines or Krystals.
Frayser is a community where folks can get a good value on a home. Hopefully Nike and Amazon employees will invest in homes in Frayser. Frayser was high hard by in the 80s by the closure of the International Harvester and Firestone factories. Right now, the state takeover of the schools and the lack of local control over what happens to the community’s children hurts a lot too. Frayser needs more investment. You have groups like the Frayser Development Corporation, but there needs to be more homeowners buying and living in homes in Frayser. I have several family members who have owned homes in Frayser for decades, and it would be nice if their property values actually appreciated instead of stagnating or falling.
Because the White House gives credentials to the [White House Press Association](https://whca.press/about/) which determines which organizations they cover the White House based on certain standards. The news organizations choose their own journalists to appear at the White House. As long as the journalists pass the background checks, they can come. The president could deny media companies for various reasons, but the WHPA and other news organizations can protest unfair exclusions. News organizations can also sue if they or their journalists are excluded for political reasons. For campaign events, press can be excluded because it’s not official Presidential duty. Sometimes there are greater limits, like when the president makes trips and a limited number can fly on Air Force One. But they still come from the same pool as the White House.
19
There was a way the Grizz could have gotten the Pistons a pick years earlier. I remember the pick didn’t actually have to be the a Grizzlies pick, it just had to be a pick in a certain range and the Pistons had to be notified before a certain date. But the Grizz front office wasn’t savvy enough to pull off a deal to make it happen.
I think he was a dreamer who didn’t care about sports. He’d rather be hanging out in the mall.
Don’t listen to the spin. They traded Rudy Gay because of his big salary. He was due to earn $19 million in 2013-14. It was never addition by subtraction. When the local people say the Grizz had to get rid of Rudy Gay, they might as well use the same logic for getting rid of Coach Lionel Hollins. Hollins believed in Rudy Gay and is the one who choose to highlight Rudy in his offense. And when they traded Rudy, Lionel Hollins publicly criticized the move. The Grizzlies were always a limited team offensively. Zach Randolph was a bonafide scorer within a certain range, but before coming to the Grizz, he was awful outside of that range, including his poor three point shooting. Gasol and Conley hasn’t gained their three point range. OJ Mayo was never a great shooter despite his reputation. Rudy Gay was hated because he was earning superstar pay without being at a superstar level. He was a jack of all trades and a master of none. If his salary was 35% lower, he would have been seen a good value. When ZBo was out most of the lock-out shortened season, the team didn’t fall off a cliff. Rudy Gay was effective player. The Grizz lost a playoff series they should have won. Had they beaten the Clippers, there is a great shot they could have beaten the Spurs a second year in a row, pre-Kawhi. Rudy gave them an offensive option they never had once he left. So they desperately made a bad deal for Jeff Green to make up the slack; which he never did. And now the Grizz are likely to give up this year’s pick for Jeff Green’s season and a half of fluctuation. Because people thought Rudy Gay was horrible when he wasn’t.
Mock drafts aren’t based on quality of player; they are based on what they teams will take. Thabeet was a tall, long, and (in theory) athletic center in a draft without many players of that type. Same logic why Oden was drafted before Durant.
The Grizzlies were never as close to winning a title as they were in the 2012 and 2013 playoffs. Due to an ownership change, the Grizzlies could not afford to be in the luxury tax in 2013. So the team dumped salaries; Rudy Gay, Mo Speights, and Wayne Ellington. The team is celebrated for beating the Clippers and the Thunder, but the 2013 Spurs completely shut down the Grizzlies offense. Because Ed Davis, Tayshaun Prince, Austin Daye, and Jon Leuer did nothing for the Grizzlies offensive game. Folks talk about Prince’s defense, but Tony Allen shut down Durant in the OKC series; Prince’s impact isn’t a great as it’s made out to be. The other assets received were non-existent. What sense does it make to say, the three significant players they jettisoned wouldn’t have helped the team? The Grit-N-Grind Grizz won one playoff after the team let Lionel Hollins go. No one ever says anything about the team’s stagnation. But they **had** to get rid of Rudy Gay.
Says OP’s mom.
Because it was probably a photo booth at a super bowl fan event. I’ve seen plenty photo booths set up at events that you can line-up to get your picture taken. They probably let people sign up and texted them when it was their time to keep the photobomb a surprise.
The Grizz still should have won the series. There is no way they should have allowed that comeback in game one. And they should have won game seven. They looked completely out of it. I think a couple of the players were sick that game.
From Jay to Dante.
Ahhh, the Rikki Tikki Tavi rule.
It’s a fuck up.
Was the Captain an actual captain, or was it just a ceremonial title?
Always the brand new accounts...
Repubs have used racism as a campaign strategy since the 60s. Donald Trump is the dumbass who doesn’t understand to do it between the lines so he could have plausible deniability.
I think she wants to peg you, bruh.
Rick Moranis had Ghostbusters II, Parenthood, and Honey I Shrunk the Kids in 1989.
How about just talk about *crime?* What’s the point is saying “black on black?” The way I see it, you say “black on black” because you aren’t black and really don’t care which is your way of saying “not my problem”, or because you want to try to put a wedge in the “black lives matter” movement by implying there is no concern about crimes committed by black people against black people.
Folks have been saying “black on black” crime for decades. It was more a phrase used in black communities in the 80s as if to say it was a betrayal of brotherhood or something. Now it is used to insinuate hypocrisy much the same way “All Lives Matter” and “Blue Lives Matter” are used to muddy the water. Do people who mention crime within the black community actually care about doing anything about it? Do they care that maybe when you have a lot of poor people in the same bad socioeconomic conditions that crime rates skyrocket? People outside of Chicago go on that “Chiraq” crap while ignoring that there are conditions that lead to the issues that nobody seemingly want to do anything about. This subreddit mentions the NIMBYs. Why can’t they consider these communities part of their backyards and realize kids with no hope and no future don’t care if shoot and kill someone? So maybe it’s time for them to step up and be part of the solution instead of thinking since it’s not in their neighborhood isn’t not their problem?
&gt;What's wrong with saying black on black? Because it is disingenuous. It’s the same as national pundits saying “What about Chicago?” For the record, most crime in America is intra-racial. &gt;Why can't we talk about black family structure? You can talk about whatever you want to. And when you talk about the black family structure, are you to mention that black family have been societally decimated since the days of slavery when slaves weren’t legally allowed to be married and families were often torn apart as mothers, fathers, and children were sold off? So hundreds of years of black Americans having to survive in the unique family arrangements that were forced, and culturally the poor and working class family unit might not have been the traditional nuclear all-American, now you want to talk about the black family structure? Why did Nixon want to target black people with his war on drugs? Reagan? Why did we need so many black men incarcerated for non-violent offenses? &gt;Why can't we talk about how our welfare system has screwed black Americans? You’re right. Because when they took away the traditional safety net, what you’re really meaning when you say “welfare” they made it more difficult for the poor to survive. They reductions made by the Clinton Administration and Republican Congress made things worse; all because they were, “Putting people to work.” [Take a listen to this podcast series on poverty in America.](https://www.wnycstudios.org/podcasts/otm/projects/busted-americas-poverty-myths) This episode is about how the [safety net has been diminished and how it makes it harder on working poor.](https://www.wnycstudios.org/podcasts/otm/segments/when-safety-net-doesnt-catch-you) When I was an inner-city kid, I used to make fun of the kids with food stamps whose moms were getting “welfare.” Only to be knocked into reality when my mom revealed she had to get on welfare soon after she had me, and after she got a divorce when I was older. It was eye opening. I always saw my mom as someone who had a job. But I guess welfare screwed my family.
I come from a single parent, inner-city household. I’m a college grad, with no criminal record. I had an extensive family network. So not having a father in the house did not lead me down a wrong path. I don’t have your historical figures; I don’t know if they are true or not. You didn’t add poverty to those numbers of 1960 versus today. What I know is both of my parents grew up in non-traditional households; my mom was with a mother who was separated from her husband. My father lived with his grandparents. So what do your statistics say versus my family history? I have no problem with a universal basic income. But that doesn’t specifically address the higher than average poverty in the African-American community,
&gt;This is probably hard to exactly answer but based on your experience growing up, what are the biggest challenges facing poor Black neighborhoods in Chicago right now? I didn’t grow up in the neighborhoods of Chicago. I did grow up somewhere with a higher murder and poverty rate than Chicago. The obvious challenge is the lack of wealth. &gt;What are your thoughts on the gangs? You need something. A distraction. Something real that kids will dedicate themselves to rather than getting caught up in gangs and violence. But what? I dunno. I’m not in this generation. &gt;What are your general ideas of improvement? Again, wealth. Households who own and can afford to invest into their properties will protect their community and therefore their investment. Also IMO many folks don’t know how to parent from an early age to help their child’s development so they can succeed in school. &gt;What are the biggest misconceptions people have about the neighborhood structure or culture? That folks from that kind of background are any less of a normal people as everyone else. I think black folks from certain communities are perceived as subhuman by many, even if they don’t realize they see black folks like that. There is a serious lack of empathy.
It wasn’t a tone deaf ending; the ending was planned before everything else. The premise of the show was the love story between Ted and Robin. The problem was Carter Bays and Craig Thomas probably didn’t expect 9 seasons. Meeting the mom was the McGuffin. They happened to find the perfect actress to play Tracy. Cristin Milioti owned the character and seemed perfect for Ted. Made Robin look like she was never right for Ted. And because they needed plots, they put Barney and Robin back together. And married them. Which makes Ted cross the line by going after Robin in the last five minutes of the final episode. The whole show was really about how Ted loved Robin (like how Ross loved Rachel on “Friends”) but it lasted so long that they stumbled onto the fact that Robin and Barney were perfect for each other and a much better fit than Ted and Robin. If they were adamant about Ted and Robin, they should have had Barney marry Nora, and put Ted and Robin together for one more time and this time have Ted break Robin’s heart when he realized she was not going to give him the family life he wanted. But that would have been the expense of a new cast member. And they probably didn’t want the expense of another regular cast member. But if they did that, older Ted and Robin getting back together makes much more sense. Ted has his teenage kids and had a brief love affair with his soulmate. Ted has the storybook love he always wanted even though it ended in tragedy. Robin has accomplished all of her career goals and has mellowed and wants something stable. And then Ted and Robin together finally makes sense. But for a show about a “Bro Code,” you don’t go after your friend’s ex-wife, even if he dated her after you did.
The Incredible Hulk was originally gray!
They filmed the kids 8 years before the finale was done. David Henrie was 16 when the show started in 2005, Lyndsy Fonseca was 18. They filmed the ending in 2006 before the actors grew much older than than their characters’ ages. So they were working to that point all along. So changing the ending would mean dumping the scene show in the first place. I loved the last episode until that ending. Hated the ending. But I understand why they felt passionate about keeping it. The problem isn’t the ending; it’s the plot points they had as they knew they were going to that ending.
Kim Jong Un owns President Donald Trump.
The truth about Mississippi is that if 30% of white voters were progressive, and black voters voted in numbers that match their percentages of the state population, Mississippi would easily be a purple state. But white voters in Mississippi are super conservative. And black Mississippians aren’t voting like they should (some by choice, some due to other factors).
It wasn’t a “liberals want to tell us what to do” argument. The governor was a Democrat, but he was a conservative Democrat. The University of Mississippi had recently banned the Confederate Battle flag from their stadium. There was a massive backlash to that. It was also before Ole Miss got rid of Coloniel Reb. It’s just that many Mississippians identify with the Confederacy and just don’t see anything wrong with the battle flag. And supported the MS flag having it on there.
Like actually voting versus voluntarily not voting.
4 day old account.... What’s really going on? At least it’s not a poll.
I know Bill Cosby is a rapist and all... But in 1967 is three years removed from Cosby’s first comedy album and he had been doing “I Spy” for two years. When “I Spy” ended in 1968, Cosby starred in one television show flop after another. The Fat Albert cartoon wasn’t until 1972. The Cosby Show wasn’t until 1984. He was guest hosting the Tonight Show occasionally and had an annual NBC special. He ended up doing a season of a PBS educational show (“The Electric Company.”). Bill Cosby was at the beginning of his own career. How would have have the clout to have anyone blacklisted in 1967? Seems like he was a gossip and a rapist; but he held no sway at that point in time.
Tell that to Travolta!
Tennessee was from North Carolina with claims from New York if remember correctly from my Tennessee history book from elementary school.
Two and a half points is damn close. Especially considering Ted Cruz won the seat in 2012 by sixteen points.
Yes. It was a climatologist, Iben Browning, who wasn’t even a geologist or seismologist. With some bunk science. I was a kid and knew he was a quack. I went to school that day just because I knew he was bullshit. It wasn’t until later that I realized my many classmates who didn’t come to school weren’t fearful of an earthquake hitting that day; they just wanted to take advantage of a day off from school. Like a snow day where the weather man was wrong about snow.
Memphis is definitely at risk for an earthquake. The unfortunate truth is most of the structures in town are not designed to survive a strong earthquake. The Hernando DeSoto bridge was retrofitted to survive a quake; the Memphis-Arkansas bridge wasn’t. The AutoZone store support center has shocks to protect it in case of a quake. But many structures like homes are old and they will be in a very bad condition when the big quake hits again.
They should have stayed Shacked-up
Several of these songs were soundtrack songs. “I Can’t Wait,” “Throw Your Hands Up,” and Sole Sunday” are technically OutKast features, just like OutKast on UGK’s “International Players Anthem.” “Something’s Got to Give” is a Big Boi single that promotes the 2008 Obama campaign and when the album was delayed, didn’t make sense for the album which was released in 2010. “Royal Flush” was released as a Big Boi single with a Dre (and Raekwon) feature and when the album was delayed and switched from Arista to Def Jam, was left off the album. “Royal Flush” was actually nominated for a Grammy. “Lookin For Ya” was not allowed to be put on the Big Boi solo debut because Arista refused to let Dre’s vocals be on a Big Boi album on Def Jam when OutKast had no plan to release an album on Arista. The irony is that Arista didn’t believe in the viability of a Big Boi album and that’s why the album ended up on Def Jam in the first place. Personally I think “Lookin For Ya” is the best “Big Boi” song ever and if it had been a single from the Sir Luscious Leftfoot album, it would have been bigger than “Shutterbugg.” Big Boi was pissed Arista denied him use of the song, so he just leaked it. The [“Lookin For Ya Jedi Mix”](https://youtu.be/UvpJHF9fzjo) is extended with extra verses. If a feature only includes Dre or Big Boi, I don’t think it’s right to categorize it as “OutKast.” Other OutKast soundtrack songs are [Benz or Beamer](https://youtu.be/IwnHltO6j2U), [Speedballin’](https://youtu.be/ZQ2G7RTM_DY), and [Land of A Million Drums](https://youtu.be/IKFH72DDVn4). [“Neck uva Da woodz”](https://youtu.be/TurpygxuGyc) is Mystikal featuring Kast. The best OutKast soundtrack song without a doubt is [“In Due Time.”](https://youtu.be/gvMCA9jHFZ0)
&gt;that and the protestor was bashing Trump just set him off. He has expressed his regret that he just didn’t keep on driving.” They really put out this statement on the same day Trump shared a video where he praised people saying “white power” didn’t they?
Aquemini’s skits are the best skits of any Kast album. To put it another way; in 1998 and when I first heard the skits, they made me disappointed there were no skits on ATLiens. I love the kids talking to their grandma during the thunderstorm. Leading to the storm during AOSTP2. Or the kids calling the girl’s house. And Kast speaking to the criticisms with the two record store skits. They were creative and fit the narrative of the music.
I understand Crispin Glover has beef with the producers, but does he have beef with his cast mates? Why isn’t he ever with the rest of the BTTF cast?
HBO you mean? It’s going through it’s usually WB movie course; not anything special. HBO Max just gets HBO content.
They kept the Janine’s crush on Egon in the cartoon too.
The Chris Rock Show 5 seasons Def Comedy Jam 5 seasons Dream On 6 seasons Girls 6 seasons Not Necessarily the News 8 seasons Taxicab Confessions 11 seasons Real Time with Bill Maher 18 seasons
WB only had North American distribution rights. The bigger issue is probably Viacom buying the franchise in 2009. That’s probably why there wasn’t another CGI film.
