If local is always better, then why haven't they become successful enough to grow into a large chain?
Just fyi, HIV transmission rates are actually really low. Especially if you're the one penetrating. The likelihood he contacted HIV isn't very good, 4 in 10,000 if it was vaginal, 11 in 10,000 if it was anal. https://www.cdc.gov/hiv/risk/estimates/riskbehaviors.html
I keep saying I hope it gets corrected before it violently gets corrected. We can only be trampled on for so long before we realize we need to stop in fighting and start fighting the ruling class.
A lot of laptops don't have them. Unless you're doing data entry, why would you need one?
The CEO of Equifax selling off large portions of stock while he knew his company was hacked, but before the public found out. Then when people did find out, the company made a product for monitoring identify theft and essentially sells the solution for the problem they created. And as far as I know, nobody went to jail.
That's the original at the EAA museum in Oshkosh.
Depends on context. Just about every joke depends on context.
Probably, but hey, a buck is a buck.
I guess more gingers for us. You don't know what you're missing out on. They're some of the freakiest people out there.
Hmm, one of these religions literally worships a guy who took a child wife, yet the other one is the pedophile? As an atheist, you both seem idiotic.
Just because she wasn't fighting back at that moment, doesn't mean she wasn't at all.
As a biker, this is a dangerous situation. With that car sitting in the left turn lane, the incoming car has an obstructed view. You're on a bike and already harder to see. You need to be ready for these situations. Fortunately the biker was ready, this could have ended a lot worse if he wasn't.
Sorry if I didn't make that clear enough. Us bikers certainly have a much better view. What I meant was the car merging had its view obstructed by the other vehicle waiting in the turn lane. Any time there is a vehicle waiting in the turn lane like that motorcyclists have to adjust for the situation. I usually go to the right most side of my lane giving myself the most possible space and becoming visible as soon as possible in the intersection, I usually move my thumb to cover the horn button in case something like this actually happens (it has before and I'm sure it will again), and of course cover the clutch/brake. Just in case saying "cover" is a motorcycle thing, basically just move to the controls ready to activate.
No, you're completely off the mark. The helmet is barely visible in peripheral vision, anywhere you turn your head you can see, you have no gigantic A and B pillars in your vision, and you're sitting much higher than most cars. Not to mention You can hear more sense the sound proofing is minimal. You're FAR more aware of your surroundings on a bike than in a car.
I never said that. Ideally neither should be beat. But we don't know the situation. Maybe she was attacking him and wouldn't let him get away so he defended himself and that's all we're seeing. I think it looks excessive even for that situation, but I won't automatically assume he deserves a beating.
I was going to say I've heard good things about the Maltese stuff, but D3O seems like it would be a great material too. It's used in some motorcycle gear because it's flexible but resists impact.
Another game to be fun for ten minutes and then boring after. Just like Cards Against Humanity.
But nobody calls it by the metric measurement. It's either a 5th (750ml) or a handle.
Yeah, that's what I mean. People aren't calling them by their measurements, instead by slang.
It's a game that relies on shock value. It wears out super fast.
For ten more minutes of fun.
Resorted to that? She's cute, she can make easy money while she still has her looks. If she invests that money into herself by learning a skill or something, she'll do alright. I wish I had the option of easy money to fall back on like that.
I've never heard of this before.
A resume can be a lot longer if your applying to an institution that requires it. I just applied for a government job with my guard unit, the government wants an exhaustive resume. You have to essentially write your experience as an answer to every part of the job description and go into as much detail as possible. If it isn't in your resume, as far as they're concerned, it didn't happen. I have 4 years experience and then got a relevant 4 year degree. That would normally be about a page and half resume for the civilian world, but it was a 4 page resume for the position I applied for.
I have a friend that does hiring for a tech company. Says he gives applicants 1 page per 5 years experience. That seems fair.
She could be, but who would hire her?
The position? A GS-11 position for System Administration with my Air National Guard unit. The job opened right as I graduated with my computer science degree. I would rather do something more programming related, but I'd be crazy to not at least apply for this position.
You would have to be the unluckiest person in history for that to happen. HIV transmission through spitting is negligible. https://www.cdc.gov/hiv/risk/estimates/riskbehaviors.html
I have the same button arraignment on my Thinkpad. There is an option to switch the Fn and Ctrl buttons. Check if your laptop has that option too.
He probably did enjoy working on it, then it sucks to maintain. The creative part is so satisfying, but the maintaining isn't as much.
Yeah, that's what I do now. But then it's more to micro and my caravan is tied up with doing a routine task when things like outpost requests come up.
But then the school opens itself to law suits by hiring a known ex felon if she does anything again. She would be a huge liability.
Then it's two caravans to manage. I know I can do it, like I said I do stuff like that now. Would just be convenient to "order" a steady stream of needed supplies.
Yeah, something like that. That would be nice to have.
Side cutters is even more accurate. Or maybe that's a regional thing?
In reality it just makes him more expensive to buy.
I will agree portions need to be run more business like, but as a whole the government should not be like a business.
That jawline and those arms back it up.
Oh, rereading his comment, you're right. If he would have just said the "Elon Musk shows off" part is redundant then it would have been all right.
Based on the couple of turboprop versions of Mustangs, it would probably be hideous.
That was a fairly wide open road, good luck catching the motorcycle from a stand still, and he was turning away anyway.
It's because they're old ideas that they studied and found infeasible. The only successful old idea he has had has been the reusable ticket, which was successfully demonstrated in the past as well.
Sure advances in technology exist, but physics don't change. It isn't suddenly feasible to build long vacuum tubes let alone try to send people carrying objects through them. Or for suborbital flight, the amount of chemical energy to boost a rocket hasn't changed or their danger or their toxic chemicals. There were viable electric cars in the 90s. There just wasn't enough interest or incentive for companies to continue making them. Tesla is successful just because the incentives now exist. Hence other companies also making electric cars with similar ranges. Tesla didn't do anything remarkable. It's not as if the potential energy of the chemicals in their batteries is somehow different because Elon made them.
I will say the same to you.
Very true.
It's not me, it's people much smarter than myself that find issues with Elon.
Well that's too bad for my classmates. They must be really stupid if the honor grad is that bad.
I was in this same situation last year. I tried the Brian's bag because usually Brian's is good quality stuff. It ripped the very first night I used it. I then bought the much more expensive Grit Sumo bag and it has been awesome. Your pads don't go inside, but they do get strapped to the top and even your sticks have a place to be. I find I even get dressed/undressed faster because I don't have to take time to nearly pack my bag, the thing has a place for all the equipment you just place it on the shelf. It's only been a year, but at this point if it fell apart I'd probably buy another one since I enjoy the convenience so much.
I think for VH it's kind of an important step though. Since they're made to your feet, you need someone that will do the measurements, mould, or whatever they do to fit them.
Someone imagined them, otherwise they wouldn't have been programmed to track that way.
Nah, is just free food at that point.
Olympiya formerly a singer with Russian group Little Big. She's pretty much the ultimate fantasy for someone who likes short women. http://olympiya.com
Yeah, it's not super useful though.
The issue people have with them is their predatory practice. They make the loans Abilene to those they know can't afford them and end up perpetually paying because of the high interest rates.
A lot of the cheap LED kits don't even have a proper cutoff. They look brighter because they're illegally illuminating too much, too high. Proper headlights should have a clear cutoff that would be below people's vision do they don't get dazzled.
The drug use is one of the best ways to spread it. It's closer to 1 in 159 at that point.
This was not justice served. Where are the cops? Instead of recording she have been on the phone with 911 leading them to her location. She just got away with a federal crime.
Or you could have just called 911 to begin with and have actual justice served...
Yeah, a drum is far more likely then a big magazine. It's most likely though that the gunman had several fully loaded magazines. It only takes a few seconds to swap them out.
Yeah, they're not odds I would want to risk that's for sure.
If that's the case, then it's totally false and the chances are negligible. It's not like 1 in 500 people in a hospital getting an iv get HIV.
Please explain how that makes any sense at all in that case. How do you possibly have any sort of non negligible chance for HIV if you're not in contact with someone with HIV?
So, you were just making things up. Transmission rates are less than a percent even if not using protection. If it's with a person that doesn't have HIV I imagine it's statistically equivalent to 0 chance.
&gt;Where the fuck did you get that idea This little known research place called the Center for Disease Control. They might know something about diseases. https://www.cdc.gov/hiv/risk/estimates/riskbehaviors.html
Same, got perfect A's through the calculus sequence and definitely used Wolfram Alpha as a tutor.
What's stopping someone from installing raspbian in a virtual machine?
It was mostly a joke and partially a shower thought sort of rhetorical question.
And also not legal to lane split. You're only supposed to lane split at lower speeds and there is a certain speed differential you're supposed to obey too. I don't remember the exact numbers because I don't live in California.
I had a crazy experience on my bike during the summer that was similar. I was cruising the country roads in Michigan and they were down to two lanes. For some reason a truck in front of me was going really, absurdly slow. Like doing 35-40 in a 55mph zone. I kept looking for a chance to pass him, but it just didn't come. Finally there was a passing lane, where the highway widens to two lanes and the slower traffic is supposed to go over to the right and let the faster traffic by. Well there was a minivan in the right lane that this truck sped up to match speeds with so I couldn't pass. When the lanes came back together he essentially brake checks me again and I'm so frustrated at that point I throw my hand up in a "wtf" fashion. At that exact moment lights start flashing behind me. I was certain I was going to get pulled over. I pulled to the side and the cop went straight past me and pulled over the truck. I have no idea why that truck waned to fuck with me, but in the end he got what he deserved.
Is right there in the name. A Chromebook is Chrome OS based. It is not Android based as someone else said. However, they've modified Chrome OS to be able to run a lot of Android applications, still not all of them work quite right. It's mainly a super lightweight Linux distribution designed to run on cheap hardware and use web applications.
Which is why it was quick and relatively painless. Also, nobody is "cleaner unarmed." Pocket knives are small things that can be deployed in very little time. When someone is charging at you that aggressively you have little time to react, it's best to just end the situation.
That's considered old fashioned, but that was at one point the social norm. Not even for just a date, but meeting with your friends. If you suggest the meet, you would pay.
There were a lot of similar designs in this era. It was, "the golden age of flight" and it's glamorized by the air racing of the time.
I'm sure it was a manual and he left the engine running, gear in neutral, but didn't set the parking brake.
Infrastructure is critical. What do you think companies look for when moving to a state? They want to know there is a good educated work force there and good infrastructure.
I'll believe it when I see it. We've been discussing rail and promised rail since I can remember. It would be awesome if this time is actually happens though, might make Chicago worth going to.
Honestly, one that you're interested in the topic. It's much easier to do the work when it interests you.
The best Chicago deep dish pizza I've had is actually in Urbana. Also real Chicago pizza is thin crust and disgusting. I go to Wisconsin once a week just to get good pizza.
Exactly correct. That place is amazing.
A gem for Rockford? You're kidding right? Lino's is nothing beyond passable. I don't understand Rockford's love affair with mediocre pizza. I had even started to create my own website to do essentially what this chuckle head is doing, but stalled out on the project when I got busy with school. Maybe I should start up the development work again. So far the only good pizza I've found that isn't a chain is in Madison (Glass Nickel for those that are interested), far away from the influence of Chicago. I'm definitely open to suggestions of places to try, if I ever stop being lazy and work on my site again I might even review it.
Yeah, I know it's always packed and for the life of me I can't figure out why. I've never actually meet someone in person that likes them. They're a decent place to go for a group event, and I can only assume that's why they have the business they do. Lots of room, decent atmosphere, and non offensive (bland) foods.
Yeah, obviously Rockfordians seem to be scared of flavors other than sugar.
Honestly it's been so long I don't remember if they specifically have the overly sweet sauce I'm referring to. I just know that most Chicago style pizza places do. You might not realize it because it's what you're used to though.
It's because it's not just me. As I've stated, I haven't found a single person in person that likes Lino's. Hence my not understanding.
It sure looks like it. That's a pretty classic upside down v16 mount. Edit: v12, not sure why I was thinking 16
This sounds like some extreme geocaching.
Not OP, but I used Wolfram alpha a lot in college. I went back to college after 10+ years of not taking a math class and then minored in math. At first the struggle was real, lots of going on Wolfram Alpha to learn how to do some different techniques in algebra since my intermediate algebra was so weak. I finished with a perfect 4.0 in math classes and often had the highest scores in the class. If you use it as a tool to help teach yourself instead of just a crutch, it can be wonderful.
Rare photo of a Bear not being escorted by another nation's fighter.
Oh, you're right the DB601 is an inverted V12 not 16. I don't know why I was thinking 16.
You're in desperate need of an upgrade.
If you want hands on, Cyber Surety is out. The other two are great though. I do Cyber Systems, got my bachelor while in the guard and now work at Red Hat making good money. Systems is essentially a system administrator whole transport is just a fancy word for networks. Systems will focus on Windows/UNIX server administration, Transport will focus on firewalls and routers. They've changed the way tech school is, it's now self paced. You can finish the material early if you have the desire.
You seem late to the party. This problem is already solved with metal straws, silicone straws, and now you're seeing biodegradable plant based plastic disposable straws.
They're going to make roughly the same I would guess. It's also going to vary wildly depending on where you work. You could work as a sysadmin for a small company making something like $60k, or you could contract making more (I was offered between $80k - $107k and didn't even fully explore my options), work for a larger company, or contract overseas. With my bachelor and the Cyber Ops I'm making 6 figures. That's 4 years of active duty + 5 in the guard while going to school full time of experience. I can't say for certain what a network guy makes, but I think it's about the same. The Cyber Surety guys tend to make more. There is fewer of them and cyber security is a hot field right now. When it comes down to it, they all make good money. I would rather pick something I enjoy. I like to code so I've transitioned into becoming a developer, which is why I took all the time in school after active duty.
Depends on what you mean hands on. To me hands on means working something. Cyber Systems is doing a lot of hands on keyboard configuring and patching servers. If you mean physical hands like running cables, then transport is better since operations doesn't really tough physical stuff. Be warned though that even a lot of networking is done or is being moved to virtual switches as more and more stuff becomes virtualized. So you'll be doing a mixture of both. I will say that networks seems more laid back. Once the stuff is up, it's a lot more stable than the stuff we do in systems.
Remember I also have zero experience as a network guy. I'm only giving you what I have observed. The other network guys in this thread can tell you better about that side of the house. I think you'll be fine on either side tbh.
Just don't ever play the third one...
There is another option, it's calling 911. You know, the real legal option.
That's the best attitude to have. I loved EEII tough. Would really like a proper third one. One of my favorite RTS games.
I think it was an event plane.
Right across the bridge there is an extended stay style hotel that is only a few bucks more than on base. Or at least it was when I did exactly what you're asking about. The Suburban Extended Stay.
TDY rates are far higher than on base though. He'll only be approved up to the rate of staying on base with a non availability letter.
Yeah, I'm currently looking for a place to live. It's nuts how obsessed we seem with having different neighborhoods separated from the commerce. Everyone wants the quiet house. I want to be near the action and be able to walk to anything I would need, only occasionally using a car to take a trip.
I didn't even bring up cost, but you're correct. It's more expensive to live in a city and there are just far less options I've found.
Hey, let's not forget that boomers didn't exactly have it easy. Compared to the greatest generation they had to work their ass off. My grandpa was able to afford a house, car, got a great pension, and have eight kids when he only had a high school level education. Unions were strong and he had a good job at Ford. My dad didn't have those same opportunities, he had to have a college degree and still his purchasing power wasn't as good. Now for us (millennials) our purchasing power is even worse as things like education and housing are so much more expensive.
A math joke in pornmemes? Have an up vote.
They are the reason the .40 was invented. Some cops were carrying 10mm, but they had a problem with over penetration. So they cut down the cartridge and the .40 was born.
Is that a laptop mouse you're comparing it to?
Really? Every place I've ever been, being a firefighter is a highly sought after position because the pay, benefits, and job is very rewarding. People spend a ridiculous amount of time being a volunteer firefighter for the chance of one day getting the job.
I mean, one of the reasons I wouldn't buy it recommend their products is because they don't get updated. I essentially only recommended Nexus in the past and Pixel now. I also know plenty of people that had crappy Android phones that never got updated, had poor experiences and switched to iPhone.
Or that's kind of the beauty of open source. All these manufacturers can create new ideas and Google can add them to the base. Too bad Android is more source available and not actually open source. If they were truly open source these OEMs could push the updates back to Android and everyone could benefit from them. Google doesn't allow that though.
The point of the second part of my post is that people don't care until it bites them. Then instead of blaming their poor choice of OEM, they just assume Android isn't good and end up switching to iPhone. I don't blame them either, it was the short sighted company that drove that decision.
Mainly with firmware compatibility. Google has pretty famously blocked others from adding features.
I know it has nothing to do with your post, but what you're referring to as memory is actually storage. RAM (Random Access Memory) is memory.
As an atheist, I will say that's one thing I miss about the church. Having a community that gets together fairly regularly is nice. It was very hard to meet a girl I was interested in while studying in a male dominated field, working in the military, and playing a male dominated sport.
I thought it was coming for a lot of right handed people to play left? If I skate out I'm definitely left, otherwise in life I'm right handed.
They vibrate more and are loud. Not great experiences when commuting.
I love the dyed red hair, but don't like tattoos. We all have different preferences. That body is banging though.
I dog Rockford for a lot of things, but the firework display is the best I've seen. I've seen fireworks in a lot of places, San Fransisco, San Diego, and some smaller place like Shreveport, Kalamazoo, probably others... Rockford beats them all. Definitely make your way somewhere downtown and watch the Rockford show. Bring a cooler with food and drink because it will be an all day thing for you to get there early enough.
Looks like he's still moving his arms and legs. Didn't destroy his life.
It's not even Trump, it's Pompeo and Bolton. Bolton is the same guy that orchestrated the false evidence and war in Iraq and has had a hard on for war with Iran for years. Everyone knew he keep trying his old tricks. Trump is actually the level headed one of the bunch (which is really weird to say) and keeps saying he doesn't want regime change (war) like the other two.
Can you even imagine the horror?
That's only one parent...
I didn't say it, it was someone else. But I was pointing out that you were assuming that they were assuming. The crappy thing is, they're [right](https://datacenter.kidscount.org/data/tables/107-children-in-single-parent-families-by-race#detailed/1/any/false/871,870,573,869,36,868,867,133,38,35/10,11,9,12,1,185,13/432,431). Statistically it is more likely this kid is from a single parent household, it's not just a stereotype.
Yeah, I've always wondered what the safety Gap between motorcycles and cars would be if you could isolate the dipshits and adrenaline junkies from the motorcycle group. It's obviously still more dangerous, but would it remain 6x more dangerous?
I bet it isn't about the same. Motorcycles are inherently more dangerous and tend to attract more adrenaline junkies than cars/trucks.
I'm to the point where I don't wave at cruisers. Honestly I find the whole waving thing to be annoying anyway.
To be fair, my first firearm was a Glock 19. Good discount for military and I wanted something I could carry if I decided to, but not necessarily a carry gun. Learned how to shoot and what I liked and don't like about it. I've come to realize I don't like the grip angle of the Glock. If I just naturally point it at something then look down the sites I'm actually aiming way over the thing. With my Springfield XDE I'm almost exactly where I expected it to be. The thing with firearms is they hold their value really well and I can probably sell the Glock for what I paid for it.
The Charger and Impreza versions are pretty cool though. I'm really tempted to do the Charger version since you can pick up a Police Charger cheap.
Wouldn't this still suffer from retreating blade stall? I imagine at some point it just becomes autogyro, or maybe that's just what it is. I would think the Sikorsky idea with a coaxial main rotor and a pusher prop would be the best solution at having a fast helicopter.
Either that or it flies like an autogyro. I don't know how they're getting around the retreating blade stall problem.
My dad got a Mac and hasn't had any issues since then. I'm not personally a fan, but seems to work great for people like parents.
I haven't played in years, is ckan still going? It seemed like the project was stalling for a while.
I installed a pihole dns server and it has really cut down on things like that. Even my brother hasn't had a problem for a few years. He used to have to wipe his computer every few months.
Just become some serious drag if it's just windmilling.
And especially did in 2015.
As a Red Hat employee, I'd recommend Fedora of course. But I still don't think desktop Linux is as simple as Mac OS for a "parent".
I play two other games that have similar active modding communities, Rimworld and Xplane. Xplane modding is an absolute nightmare. Stuff is littered all over their forums and other locations. Rimworld is done right through the Steam workshop and couldn't be any easier. You just subscribe to a mod and Steam keeps it updated for you. I'm still liking my idea of integrating git though. I definitely remember making some updates in Kerbal Space Program and having it break a save game. Maybe the game and mods are more stable than that now?
Is that "large" scale?
Fake tits and fake moans. Also all the incest stuff.
I'm also curious how you find so much porn on Twitter. I've seen some here and there, but not that much.
What's worse than coercion?
Yes that's the wonkiness I was thinking of.
You're right, I hadn't thought of that. That would definitely be worse.
I don't really have a favorite pornstar these days and the ones I have seen don't post that much pornography. Way easier to find stuff here on Reddit.
Yeah, that's when I stopped paying attention to Android tablets. They unoptimized the layout of controls. Google does some of the stupidest things.
I could imagine it after owning a Surface. My Surface died at around 3 years old. In the middle of doing school work it just froze up and wouldn't power back on. Not enthusiastic about any Microsoft hardware after that.
Could you point me in the direction of instructions for doing this? Edit: The article says it isn't released yet but will have an easy SD installer.
There is also KeePass that I would prefer because it's open source. Unfortunately where I work wouldn't allow access to it so LastPass is my best option.
Make a better joke next time?
Ah, good self acceptance in the first step man.
Those overhead bins fill fast now that airlines charge for checked bags. If you're last on the plane you might have to gate check your luggage.
It's fine if you're not in a hurry or need to get a connecting flight. You'll be waiting at the gate on the other side. Honestly, when I'm just traveling for pleasure I don't mind the gate check.
You have to use sane practices when using Linux just like any other OS. The difference is that Linux is much faster at updating/patching and has thousands of coders looking at the code all the time. Without access to the code, there is no way to know it's secure. Security that isn't open source I don't even consider secure.
Fedora comes with SElinux preinstalled and configured. You're running some crappy distros if they're insecure.
Is Red Hat Enterprise Linux not secure? Or really anything Red Hat produces since it's all open source? No, you're just spouting nonsense.
Some of us travel for a living. Having the carry on just makes things much faster. Quicker to get through the airport in both directions. I can easily pick a weeks with of clothes in my carry on. But I agree with you if I was just traveling for pleasure and taking my time. Checking a bag is fine and actually nice not lugging it through the airport. But people don't want to pay that checked bag fee. Back in the day it used to be you got one free checked bag and you didn't see nearly as much carry on luggage.
I don't even understand the premise. How do the trade limits help prevent cheating? What cheating is it trying to prevent?
Not yet, technically.
You're just renaming the same thing.
Yes, they care about the one selling point they have. They don't have the compute power or the data to data mine successfully. So they have focus on what they can do.
No kidding, Google is bad, but not Microsoft bad. Google never made it to where another browser won't run on Android.
The ribbons and what not are a mess though. Partial great execution.
All the major companies already have a high speed play. I don't know why they would bother buying them.
I've never written it, just spoke of it. I used what Wikipedia said. I've got it, but I think the full name is spelled out in my awards and decs.
Patents I could see, I'm pretty sure the other companies have their own compound experience. Especially Sikorsky since that's the design they seem to be running with, but with a coaxial main rotor instead of auto gyro.
I'm in the Air Force, so I don't know exactly the Marine Corps dress and appearance rules, but I'm guessing they're similar. Name plate goes on the right, medals are placed too high, why are there ribbons and medals? How is there more medals than ribbons? Someone else pointed out it has an NCO belt but no blood stripe. It looks like it was put together by someone who wanted the look, but isn't actually in the military.
Definitely dangerous, but previous era Microsoft? Definitely not. They got stopped by lawsuits otherwise they would have been even worse.
I rarely ever reboot mine and it just stays on the dock. Works really well as a fake Echo Show.
But the other items can't be taken out of show mode at all. That's not really a fair comparison.
Those are definitely legit issues. It seems to rely on having another Alexa device as well. I'm my Alexa app the settings are applied to my dot, but get carried over to the fire tablet. I don't know what the drop in feature is, I assume it's that video calling which is something I would never use Alexa for, but it's a solution that works pretty well for me.
Yeah, exactly he got the checkbox degrees and stayed in the system. There is better money to be made with better jobs elsewhere.
Probably not the smartest thing to say about the impulsive person that nearly started a war with you just days ago.
Our biggest ships are nuclear powered. And it's not like 50 million cars could accomplish the mission that one of those big ships does. Our military and it's spending can be cut back, but it isn't going to go to zero ever.
I think them just going into the ocean would be sufficient to sink them.
See, when I think of parent I don't think grand parents. Grand parents I think are great for Linux. They really only need a portal to the internet that won't get attacked by maleware. It's why I had my family get my grandpa a Chromebook. Parents on the other hand worked with computers and want things like Microsoft Office because they want Word, Excel, and Outlook. All things that could be replaced by Libre Office and Evolution (at least to the extent that they use them), but they are used to Office and afraid of change. So now you're mucking with WINE and it's just more hassle than it's worth. If they have the extra money just get a Mac and be done with it.
I ride a motorcycle, but I will never understand road rage on a motorcycle. Right or wrong, you're the vulnerable one. You're the one that chose to get on a less safe and let visible vehicle, you have to be defensive. At the end of the day it's your life no matter who's fault. I've definitely shook my head and cursed plenty of drivers out inside my helmet.
It's refreshing when Illinois does something right. So used to hearing news of corruption in this state.
Yeah it is. It's was a fan theory until it was all but confirmed in the recent movie. I don't think many casual Pokemon players would know this.
Yep and it being a pistol means we can legally own one in Illinois where short barreled rifles are illegal. Got to love technicalities.
Did it receive hate? I didn't think it received hate, it just didn't receive sales. A lot of people didn't even know about it. Doesn't help that SS sounds like a trim level not a model.
Have you ever tried the Lifx bulbs? I tried some and they're so much faster than the Phillips. They claim it's because it's not getting relayed through a bridge. All I know is that my Phillips bulbs feel like antiques now.
That was my favorite feeling phone for sure. After that I got the OnePlus 3T and it became the first phone I ever shattered from dropping. Thing was like holding a soap bar.
And the OnePlus 7 Pro starts at $700. Is that really a budget phone? The 3a starts at $400.
Interesting, I only had 2 bulbs since I only had them in one bedroom. Never tried a large number of bulbs.
These huge tech companies just become more and more modern robber barons.
Interesting, in the US they're usually cheaper.
Yeah, they're just becoming more and more obvious I suppose.
I just figured the 7 Pro is like the "T" models of the past, they replaced the standard models. And I know they sold cheaper devices in the past, I had a OnePlus One.
I've had a smart phone since the BlackBerry days and have never used cases and stopped using screen protectors at some point. The OnePlus 3T was the first one I actually damaged from a drop. Other phones I've banged up there corners of, but never anything like cracking the screen.
My favorite plane from that series.
I mean I understand, I just don't fear a foreign government watching me. It would be loads of useless information for them. And they would get caught really fast. It's hard to sneak out raw 1080p streams without someone noticing the bandwidth.
And so many people wonder why others try to rush to get on the plane. It's too get your bag in the overhead bin before morons like this show up. Can't tell you how many people I have seen put there bags in sideways taking up way more space than needed.
They respond to the app much faster.
Yes you can. You can connect to it as an IP camera.
Interesting, I've never had an issue with mine disconnecting. Either I'm lucky, or you're unlucky.
Interesting, I guess I'm lucky in that case. Never had an issue with disconnects and no Bluetooth issues.
No, NEVER do this. If you're going to use deadly force make sure the person dies. Otherwise good luck in court explaining why you had to use deadly force when a non deadly blow solved the issue. A decent lawyer will rip you to shreds. You'll be seeing prison time and a bankruptcy.
Yeah, honestly in Chicago it's pretty obvious when you're in the wrong part of the city.
It has worked for world peace. We love in some of the most peaceful times in history because if a super power goes to war with another they're afraid they'll use nuclear weapons. It's the MAD (Mutually Assured Destruction) doctrine.
I won't switch because the apps are super convenient and integrated with lots of things like Google Maps already. I don't have to search to find what the local taxi company is and try and call them or see if they have an app. Uber and Lyft still have the lowest barrier of entry.
I guess they know just enough that it works.
This is specifically talking about a government bailout and government subsidizing. Has nothing to do with private insurance.
I don't remember what I masturbated to in 2011. The calendar starts on year 1, we're not in the new decade yet.
16, we were dating for a while and it was fun. What more of a reason do you need?
Why would I be excited for next year already? The calendar started with year 1, there was no year 0.
I really only agree with the final part of what was said here. The MSFS 2020 might make this all obsolete. This game is CPU and memory bound, not so much GPU bound. The last I checked Intel still offers better single core performance and this game is limited to single core performance for now. Also you're probably going to want all the RAM you afford. And there is no point in going with a 1070 over a 2060. The way Nvidia does there chipsets you can expect the 1070 to be roughly equivalent to a 2060 in performance. I don't know if there is a price reason to do that, but not a performance reason. Honestly with considering it's a ~$1500 expense you might want to wait for the new Microsoft sim and see what it needs. In the mean time you can save a little more and go even more crazy if you want. Right now just seems like a bad time to jump into simming with a possible game changer on the horizon.
This exact situation is why I still have my pads custom made with thigh boards. Doesn't matter in the men's leagues and I get the best protection.
The other answer that works well is "You couldn't afford me." Everyone understands money.
They've been talking about train access to Chicago since the 90s (and probably before that, I just know the 90s because that's when my family moved here). It has made it squarely in the "I'll believe it when I see it" category for me. I would love it, but I'm not hopeful. Right now Chicago is a pain to get into. If I want to visit a fun city I prefer Madison or Milwaukee.
Just don't use it for the knob and you'll be fine.
The calendar starts at year 1, next decade is 2021. Here is 1 year and 2 minutes early.
I've never considered that. I think of them as the shuttle to the airport, not Chicago.
Everyone gets a secret clearance. You get a top secret depending on your job.
If you're at all close to finishing a bachelor, you should just finish and try to go the officer route. If you're not using the military to pay for your college I don't think it's worth it to join now. You will have much better opportunities as an officer.
If you really believe this, you could start with yourself.
So you're all talk and no action. Just shut up in that case.
Didn't bother looking up the MacBook Pro, but the XPS 15 (2018 the same year as the original X1 Extreme) had a battery life of 6.5 hours compared to the X1 Extreme's 6 hours. An extra 30 minutes is hardly "far better."
What distro are you running? I'm going to guess it is Pop_OS, but I'm hoping it's something else. I can't get Fedora to even load the installer on mine. I've been actually using the company issued T480 just because it runs Fedora.
I'm going to have to break down and end up getting the Ubuntu based OS I think...
Pop works fine because of whatever Nvidia driver stuff it is using. Fedora 29 and newer does not work on X1e. So I can't run RHEL/CentOS 8 or Fedora 31. It disappoints me so much. And for Fedora I use the Fedora Media Writer to make the USB.
No, it just disappoints me that it and Manjaro are really the only viable options.
No, I think that is the VDO volume you're seeing. It turns out, turning on all the options basically breaks it no matter what. This specific problem was actually because I had made my md array with 64 kib chunks, changed to 128 and this particular problem cleared up. After that it complained about not being able to cache because the VDO was already using the md array. I manually edited the ansible so that the cache would be caching the VDO volume and the gluster deployment would work, but the hosted engine deployment to shared storage would fail. I then gave up on VDO and everything worked as expected. Kind of sucks because VDO makes the most sense in this exact scenario (vm storage).
He is not the exception. As part of my job I fly twice every week. When you go through the metal detector you'll find out if you get randomly selected. Happened to me at least three times in the past 6 months. The metal detector emits a different tone if you're randomly selected. If you're getting selected some other way, it's not random.
Unfortunately the rules haven't mattered in this subreddit for months now.
All the stuff that existed long before Trump?
Yes, but not this time.
Terrible luck
It doesn't say they're in split brain, but I'll try it anyway.
The split brain stuff did nothing since it isn't in split brain. That command fails without passing an option to -e. So here is what I ran [root@ovirt0 ~]# getfattr -m . -d /gluster_bricks/data/data/38f1eb8d-8b4f-4310-a243-1f8a6f342541/images/b8b38dfa-85d9-4a61-973f-152b0e71aebe/bf889fbd-410c-46fd-a3b4-10e0209504d0.meta getfattr: Removing leading '/' from absolute path names # file: gluster_bricks/data/data/38f1eb8d-8b4f-4310-a243-1f8a6f342541/images/b8b38dfa-85d9-4a61-973f-152b0e71aebe/bf889fbd-410c-46fd-a3b4-10e0209504d0.meta security.selinux="system_u:object_r:glusterd_brick_t:s0" trusted.afr.dirty=0sAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA trusted.gfid=0sZu0b7/8tRgePdFx6sJFTjw== trusted.gfid2path.27b7cb59962c7663="e1c488c8-3b45-444e-865f-afffab0de5ff/bf889fbd-410c-46fd-a3b4-10e0209504d0.meta" trusted.glusterfs.mdata=0sAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAF4Q/1oAAAAACyjVsQAAAABeEP9aAAAAAAsLs9MAAAAAXhD/WgAAAAAK/kQ5 trusted.glusterfs.shard.block-size=0sAAAAAAQAAAA= trusted.glusterfs.shard.file-size=0sAAAAAAAAAa0AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABAAAAAAAAAAA=
https://pastebin.com/CMbHiwYU I have no idea what I'm looking at here.
This is a brand new environment I setup for testing. If it gets hard broke that's fine. This learning process is exactly what it is for. Thanks for the info. I'll try this out.
The whole point was to get caught. They specifically used that poison so there would be no doubts about the reach and ease he can assassinate with.
The problem is, it isn't going to matter how we vote, the system will never change. Which party is going to change the system that ensures the two party system? Who is going to make it harder for themselves to get re-elected? Getting rid of the electrical college and adopting ranked choice voting would solve a lot of problems, but neither of the two parties are going to champion that platform.
Or Beto... He started the "hell yes we're going to take your AR15". Then dropped out some time after that.
Which OnePlus has never had.
That's the one thing I really hate about my 7 Pro. The curved edges are so annoying. So many accidental presses by my palms while reaching elsewhere on the phone and glare at nearly unlimited angles.
Ouya 2
This sounds like exactly the same pitch. More affordable hardware, more affordable games, etc...
Oh no, it was more timing. And that's just not going to happen. The AR15 is too ubiquitous in the US. Good luck getting them all, even if it would be peaceful. I have "4" myself. Really only one, the other three are just the lowers that I haven't built yet. Not to mention how many ghost manufactured and completely untracked ones are out there. I think that ship has sailed already.
Because I'm completely ignorant to how I should accomplish this. I can spend tomorrow researching how to build a docker image. Then it would be as simple as just deploying an image, no persistent storage necessary... That does seem like the way to go.
OpenShift 4.x does not have a minishift equivalent and has some pretty major structural changes. The removal of docker, addition of podman, and using rook-ceph instead of gluster. OpenShift 4 currently still requires some pretty serious hardware and I'm not wanting to do that quite yet. I will do that, just not right now. I want to understand all the layers and have a deeper understanding of the technologies in play. Do I need to do that? Probably not, but I find it fun to learn everything I can. So for now I'm just trying to set up some typical homeserver stuff like nextcloud, a website, and the Usenet stack on some Raspberry Pis running Kubernetes. In OpenShift 4.3 it is targeted to have a release that can deploy to RHV. That's when I'll deploy it to my RHV homelab cluster and give that a go. My goal is to have a much better understanding of what OpenShift adds to the experience.
Yes, it's impossible to focus on multiple things at once.
Almost as if security that isn't open source and secure to itself just isn't actually secure. Without any open source client side encryption, nothing like this can be considered secure.
Security can be open standards which has the whole open source theme, like pgp. The problem here is that it isn't protected from itself. It should use client side encryption that the service providers don't have a key to. And the only way to ensure that is open source.
As every has explained security that isn't open source is just security theater. There is no real way of knowing it's secure if it can't be audited by everyone. For example Microsoft Bitlocker claims to not have a bank door built in, but how can anyone know without access to the code?
When did Ring get AI? Surely they're working on it, but I know my family has Ring and it's utterly worthless because it alerts on every motion so you end up just turning off the alerts.
The front porch is probably the one place on your property it is good. You're already in public, you shouldn't be naked out there.
Because they can't profit off your data if they did that.
Where nudity is more taboo than violence.
I understand what he's saying, but he included front porch. That's the one place where AI recognition makes sense. I don't want alerts of every movement, just the ones I need to be alerted about. I'm okay with letting them use that data for training etc... But everywhere else I would want my data encrypted locally.
I am familiar with all of that except the docker build. When I get time that will be the next thing I experiment with. I was thinking I could just use a prebuilt image. Which it looks like I can use that as my base image, then add my own customizations, push to a registry, and pull into Kubernetes.
No, not everything is AI. And obviously that's why the data is so valuable. Getting enough data to train a CNN to create useful alerts would be a killer feature. Last I checked Ring wasn't offering an AI for this yet. I'm sure they're building/training one though.
If the servers can do anything to the data then their claims of the open standards are false. The whole point is to use an open standard and technology to have client side encryption. Anything less than that is insecure.
The difference is that you know and expect that. Of course my bank has access to my account information. That's their one job. They too should be using open standards and open source security technology. They're certainly not writing their own encryption algorithms or making up their own security practices. There are standards already available for a reason. With something like Ring I think it's reasonable to think that people would want their data protected from the provider. What value add does the provider offer that they need access to your data? You can share with police or others? That can also be accomplished with client side encryption. It's more work, but it can be done.
You can absolutely check your video feed from any device while using client side encryption. How do you think things like LastPass or BitWarden work? Hell, even Firefox sync does this. What extra knowledge does it take to use those services? None, just a user name and password.
I knew Nest has had it. I didn't know Ring started offering it.
You also need the open standards that leverage the open source technologies. Like pgp.
Sure, you can use your own bullshit standard and it might be secure. But how would I, the client know? I'm not going to just trust you because you say it is secure.
I use to double up, but then I got the highest model cup from Brown. I don't remember the name, but there thing is an absolute unit.
Because it be.
Yes, but what needs to digitally enhanced in security footage? You specifically want security footage that hasn't been tampered with.
Why would the key only be on the camera? You had to connect the camera to the service somehow right? Probably from a phone app or a web app. The key could be generated locally from whatever device your using and then transferred to the device via an ad hoc connection. Hell, that app could even force you to export and save your key somewhere before proceeding, kind of like truecrypt did before allowing you to full disk encrypt. It's almost like people have already thought of these things and developed standards to deal with them...
They've taken your phone, your computers, and all of your cameras? They were some busy thieves. No system is going to protect you from someone that dedicated.
I've looked through some of their documentation. It was a bit over me head. Was hoping there was a guide that better explained things. I guess I'll have to take a harder look at the documentation though.
A labyrinth of what now? You have a hard time with a password protected key that is transparently synced over your local intranet? How do you function?
It's the whole reason our boneyard in Arizona even exists. Scrap parts.
It is illegal at the door. They have to be X feet away. I don't know how far, but it's not hard for them to do.
Jesus I hope you're lying about designing systems. It's clear in our short discussion you don't understand the technology at play. The users don't need to know what a key is, it how it moves around, or what encryption it is using. All an end user would need to know is that they are logging in with a username and password and the first time must be on the same network as the camera. I think users can handle a password. Even if you somehow are having a hard time with this.
I understand it and other engineers understand it so you don't have to. That's part of my point. It can be engineered in a way that you don't have to understand the technology. I mean do you know everything at play just for this conversation? The firewalls, tcp/ip, Kubernetes, whatever language Reddit is written in, the database... No, of course not. Other engineers design them to be useable to their user. And yes, if you're data was truly secure and you forget how to unlock it, it's gone. Or maybe it isn't.... Again we have real world examples of how this can be done. LastPass allows you to reset a password on a device that you have previously logged into. If you've forgotten your password and all your devices are gone, then yes you're completely screwed. The chances of that happening are so incredibly small... Look, if you want to send a company insecure video feeds then be my guest. But don't act like it can't reasonably be done. The real problem is that it would be more expensive because now the company can't subsidize the cost of the devices/service by monetizing your data. Don't pretend it's anything different.
I would do the exact same thing. Except in this alternate scenario where information is removed from the ballot. Then if I was handed that information separate I would take it. Honestly I'd probably show up with my own printout or an app. I have to know who the incumbents are, have to know who to vote against.
At least it's actually using a sfw image that includes a pornstar to make a meme. It actually follows the rules of the sub. And for that, I'll upvote it.
Exactly, a ramble if tech jargon that we don't have to understand because we're the end user, not the engineers setting it up. Please explain to me how it would be any less secure against they than a current Ring setup. Please tell me how you having control of your own key makes it less secure to theft. They're somehow going to be able to steal your stuff and crack your password before you have a chance to rekey your encryption. Please, how are they doing that? Are these thieves also so sophisticated that they have access to enough compute power to crack a good password in a reasonable amount of time? Come on man, give up on trying to come up with these zany ideas for why something secure can't be done effectively.
It being a small home server that I tinker on to learn things I don't think I'll have an issue with the rate limit. Thanks for the info.
For sure. Just have to worry about sun damage. Much easier than rust.
Another fantastic addition to the discussion. Parents must be proud of you.
Nature is brutal.
Your job is handing out Chromebooks? Isn't the point of these things if the hardware dies you just log into another one?
It's not a porn meme. The mods just don't care. This sub has turned into at least 50% shit posting memes about porn instead of porn memes.
I do understand the consumers. Both of my parents are consumers. They both have multiple Ring devices, an iPad, and an iPhone. If they got robbed I could grant you that maybe the ancient crappy, probably worthless iPads get stolen. Maybe the thief is intelligent enough to go around and break all the cameras. However, that still leaves the iPhone. People don't just leave that around. They would still have access. Again, stop acting like this is a hard technology problem. The hard part is that it would be more expensive.
You "design" for mentally handicapped apparently. Because as I've stated and showed several times, this can be designed to be very simple to use. The design itself is hard. But that's the point, make the engineers do the heavy lifting so the users have an easy experience. That's why I don't believe you design anything. You lack a grasp of even the simple concepts that we've discussed and came up with some of the easiest possible design hurdles to overcome. If that's the limit of your ability as a designer, I don't know who would pay you for that.
It's been obvious you're acting obtuse just to be obtuse. You're clearly twisting the intent of my words just because you don't understand technology and want to pretend you do. You're clearly someone who wants to seem important. I don't know why, it's a sad reality you're living in. But I'm done with this conversation.
Oh yes, in that case sure I agree.
To be fair, they're not criminals if they're being released pre trial. I mean, they could be and likely are criminals of other offenses, but you're innocent until proven guilty. Judges determine risk of bail on a case by case basis. They probably know more about the case than we do.
I'm not from DC. I just started working here in July.
Yes you can be a pedophile without a conviction. Being a pedophile and being a criminal aren't necessarily the same thing. If a pedophile never acted on their desires, they would never become a criminal. Pedophilia itself is a mental disorder, not a crime. Although I appreciate the sentiment of innocent until proven guilty.
The post referenced literally calls the person defending his home a shooter.
I'm not disagreeing about a journalist needing to be careful to avoid slander. And since health issues are protected HIPPA information, I'm hoping you wouldn't have access to them. So you wouldn't have a way to back what you're saying with evidence without a conviction. I understand that. So yes the smart thing as a journalist is to wait for a conviction before you would label someone a pedophile. I'm just saying that innocent until proven guilty doesn't apply to things that aren't crimes. To say a person isn't a pedophile without a conviction is like saying someone isn't a diabetic without a conviction. A criminal case and a health disorder have nothing to do with each other. You may have a degree in journalism and are saying the correct practice for a journalist, but I have a degree in criminal justice.
Wow, this is the worst if there shit posts here. Not only is it not a porn meme, it's not even a meme about porn. Do the mods just have zero standards at all for this sub?
Yes, but I actually really enjoyed the parody of it "Flavor of Love" with Flavor Flav. It was an incredible guilty pleasure of mine. It was so ridiculous that it was hilarious.
Sounds like even more if a reason why we wouldn't get one now. If it wasn't successful then, why would it be successful now?
I didn't every day attention to Asus. They have an unlockable bootloader though so they'll have to be added to my short list of phones I pay attention to now. I wish it wasn't through some sideloaded app though.
Wouldn't Atompunk imply that it is nuclear powered?
Interesting. I was just going off what I take Steampunk and Dieselpunk to mean.
Would be really nice. I know Proxmox allows for both KVM VM creation and LXC container creation. It's a big feature I'll miss from Proxmox. I'll probably end up just making a VM that I will use as a Docker host or something to fill that gap.
More like move to thin clients.
And this is the R2, the R1 had an even larger engine up front.
You should really look it up. The thing was a beast and out performed everything for years. Held the time to climb record for a very long time.
I asked about this the other day. We couldn't find anything that says there will be. Instead it looks like Fedora CoreOS and RHEL will essentially mirror each other with no need for a CentOS version.
I'm pretty sure that's exactly what he was referencing. Red Hat is all in on OpenShift and CoreOS has been made the underlying operating system for OpenShift 4.x.
It absolutely sucked when I got back to Chicago on Friday. Driving 70 miles on the interstate behind a row of snowplows doing 20 mph is pretty brutal.
Chromebooks support full apps now? So much for the lightweight just login and all your apps are available approach I guess. Makes sense though, I'm not sure how successful the other businesses model was.
Yeah, I had one of the cheaper models. The HP 14. If you put crouton on it, it was solidly okay. You could boot into the fast Chrome OS for light stuff, but switch into Ubuntu if you needed to do more. Now I just run Fedora full time on a Thinkpad, much better experience.
My first foray was many years ago... But yeah it was a fairly good laptop for college. Wasn't worried about trashing the $200 laptop. Just had to deal with its sluggishness.
They can't let it be too big of a success. Then there will too many people complaining when they kill the service.
That's awesome to hear. Love to spread the good word of Linux. Last I knew, running Android apps on Chromebook was still very experimental. Sounds like a lot has changed since then.
Yeah, okay Stallman... Nobody calls it GNU/Linux, you don't call an operating system by it's compiler.
I can't tutor in person, but wouldn't mind some questions. Also, use your TA. They can be a great resource.
Okay, but it is a constitutional right and that's what matters in the US.
Somebody actually wants to watch the new Star Trek? I'm all honesty I'm already there. I use Usenet and Plex because it's much simpler than tracking down all the shows across the different services.
It's just not a very good joke.
https://www.detroitairfx.com/ Not the guy you're responding too, but Bob went above and beyond the level of work I was expecting and had a great price too.
The very first time I encountered Internet porn is when I was about in middle school. I was looking up Pokemon and typo'd it to Pokeman. That's when I realized how easy porn was to get on the Internet.
Well according to reddiquete you're supposed to upvote/downvote based on contribution to the conversation. A bad joke doesn't tend to contribute. But in reality it's just a totally subjective thing among a group of fickle people.
So I don't want to say exactly because he gave me a great deal since I was referred and military. But it wasn't more than $600, which every other quote I received was. This was the end product: https://www.instagram.com/p/BmmHZNZjPqa/?igshid=d5nbwl77pmow
An exact amount wouldn't even be useful anyway since it will be dependent on what you want. Bob definitely had the best price and does amazing work.
She probably will be in a few years, but right now she looks pretty great.
Kind of. All the curvy girls from high school are blimps now. This girl has a similar build.
Convenience of finding parking and safe'ish is basically the opposite of our downtown. That said, I would still prefer to live downtown if I was going to live in Rockford. The Talcott building is brand new and looks pretty great.
They are. They're literally causing terror. I would avoid the protest areas personally and even the businesses around the area closed early today because of fear of violence. Edit: Downvote all you want, but it's the truth. I'm staying with my mom right now as she is recovering from surgery and all I hear her friends talking about last night and tonight is the violence. The violence of the protests have completely over shadowed their intention.
I would rather let insurance pay damages than risk my life... Why put yourself in that situation if you don't have to? Now at home I have a Glock in my night stand an AR15 in my locker. Even though I too am very liberal.
Sure, if it's an unexpected incident. In this case where you already know the riots are getting violent and are going to be in your area it just makes sense to close and protect everyone by getting them out of harms way.
&gt; protest peacefully and be ignored? But that didn't get ignored. The cop was charged with murder before these protests turned into riots. Even after the protest was given what they were asking for they turned on their own neighborhoods.
&gt; FYI, It's been proven a undercover cop in Minneapolis started the first fire and riots so the cops in that area could use it as an excuse to break up and arrest legitimate peaceful protestors. Don't just say that and not provide the proof.
Take a step back and breathe. Change is happening, but it is happening very slowly (as does any change to a system this deeply entrenched). Last time we had protests and riots, the grand jury decided to not even pursue charges. This time charges were pretty quickly brought up. The problem now is that the protestors have lost control of the narrative. The people that you want talking about the injustice, are now only talking about the violent riots. In the future they won't look back and see the successful protest that led to a corrupt officer's potential conviction, they'll see a group of thugs that got out of control and terrorized their own towns.
Okay, where is the proof? Until you provide a link or something this is just hearsay.
Finally, thank you. You have proven the easy part, a rioter happened to also be a police officer. Now prove the motive. Could it not have also been a police officer that is disgusted by what he sees at work every day and decided to join the protest?
Asking for proof is defending? Since when?
Feels kind of strange to just ignore the Mig 31. I would think its follow up design deserves at least a mention. Nice video otherwise.
Talks on the Washington DC sub about another similar Blackhawk hovering over the street below rooftop levels was that it was an FBI HRT vehicle. Meant to extract people caught in the protest. Help evac people trapped in building, getting trampled, that sort of thing. Doesn't mean that's what this one is doing, but giving more use cases to consider.
A helicopter isn't necessarily a weapon of war... They're also often used for med evac.
A type of vehicle that is very efficient at delivering or using weapons though. I understand the fear, but I really doubt this was used for anything other than surveillance or evac.
Hopefully someone here is qualified enough to answer this. But according the article the Supreme Court has, &gt;largely shielded police from financial settlements for victims or grieving families If this law were to change, wouldn't it be likely to be struck down by the Supreme Court? This looks like some political grand standing. I'm honestly not sure I want to live in a world where the police are afraid to act because they could personally be liable. Having the liability on the Police Department just makes more sense to me anyway. They were the ones that failed to hire the correct people and then failed to provide adequate training. Come to think of it, why would someone want to sue the cop when the entity that can pay the most for damages is the PD?
I've been saying for a while now that the income inequality is going to cause a revolution and I hope we can do it peacefully. We choose the dark timeline with Trump vs the peaceful route. Hopefully things can still become peaceful come next year.
That's all right my man, I'm likely moving to Milwaukee next year. I'm sure I can start contributing where you left off.
No kidding and you don't drive a helicopter on the road. It does this thing where it can land and even takeoff again. It's really fascinating stuff.
That's because giving a distance in the US is almost meaningless. We have vast empty areas. Something an hour away can be 60 miles or it could be 10 miles in city traffic.
The valid point that a helicopter would land in order to provide med evac? Please explain how it would be impossible for this Blackhawk to land and perform a med evac.
I have no idea because I've lived exclusively in America, although in a few different areas. From my understand something like a 4 hour drive is considered really distant in Europe where in America that's an easy overnight trip. For example I travel for work and travel 1.5 hours to and from the airport every week, I also drill with the national guard in a city 3 hours away once a month, it's also not uncommon for me to travel 1.5 hours each way to visit a comedy show and have pizza.
Because that's what it is.
I always tell them apart from the tail. The dagger has basically a complete triangle, the dart has it clipped.
No, because even though I want to see the change, my talents are best suited elsewhere. Just because I don't want police to use excessive force doesn't mean I'm qualified to be a police officer. I'm also not willing to take that pay cut.
If that $1.3m was invested and you even made only 5% return in one year, that's an annual salary of $65,000 without spending any of that $1.3m. the median household income in the United States is $62,000. So yes, over half of the United States could easily live far beyond 4 years without working at that point.
Not a totally fair comparison though. That was due to a financial collapse of the banks, this is due to temporarily suspending businesses. It *should* be easier to recover from by opening businesses back up. The problem is we don't know which business models will survive. Things are going to change and there will be turmoil during that change. I expect unemployment numbers will stay high, but not Great Depression high. I'm by no means any sort of economist though. With Congress ignoring the advice from actual economists, nobody knows what will actually happen.
We've seen this gradual shift to services for decades now though. With services like Google, Amazon, Microsoft, etc... The work can be done just about anywhere, which is why they chose to setup shop in areas that people like along the coasts. The shift from manufacturing to services has been gutting the Midwest for decades. Ironically, this work from home could actually help the Midwest as the cost of living has sky-rocketed on the coasts. If allowed to work from anywhere, people may actually choose cheaper cost of living areas. I actually have one of these jobs... I don't usually work from home, but they fly me to clients during the week. While I definitely am leaving Rockford, when I've saved for my down payment, I've been looking at Milwaukee because it's a cool city with a reasonable cost of living. Ultimately, the market will adapt. I'm sure we'll see new players taking advantage of new openings in the market. We're definitely going to see some turbulent times, but I don't think it will be Great Depression levels of disaster.
To be an asset though that means a huge portion of paid off house. If they liquidated and bought a home for $300,000 (which is above the median home value in the US of ~$250,000), that $1m left over would still net them $50,000 per year and now they wouldn't have a mortgage payment. Again, over half the country in this situation wouldn't need to work another day in their life. Let alone survive for just 4 years.
You're not wrong, but that wasn't the statement made. &gt;Sure, but not "I can afford not to work for 4 years" rich. Was the statement. When clearly for a majority of Americans not only is it enough to live on for 4 years, it's enough to retire on. This is by the way, completely ignoring the value added proposition of being the president. Imagine having the opportunity to have your housing expenses , travel, healthcare taken care of for 4 years and at the end of that four years you can go back to your normal job making far more money than you were previously. The only catch is that during those 4 years you have to make due with $1.3m to cover your food and other necessities. Is that even close to being a hard decision?
Comcast gives you 3 months you're allowed to be over your data cap without penalty. After that you have to pay up. I currently pay the extra $50/month for unlimited data...
100gb? Fuck I'd blow through that in a week... Man I thought 1000gb was bad enough.
Based on yours and a couple other comments I think it's a typo.
The Matrix line was their imitation CCM Blockade line. That's about all I know about it though.
I wish I had that...
Interesting, maybe the leg pads were the only thing that cloned the Blockade?
There same company that at one point had a security issue that allowed any valid password to login to any valid account? No thank you. There are already great open source solutions to this problem, no reason to reinvent the wheel again.
Weird statement to end with "lol."
I think even some militaries include these with their meal rations.
Glad to see the Boomerang made it to production in at least some form.
I really expected more of a reaction to this post.
Seems out of place, but the mask looks amazing.
As someone who lived next door to Texas in Louisiana for years, yuck. I can't take the heat. My first year there they broke records for the most days over 100 in a year and Texas had so many fires Gov Perry asked the state to pray for rain. I would rather deal with some cold than that heat.
The flip side is if you do invest in the neighborhood and make property values go up, then the residents have a hard time affording to stay in that neighborhood. Not an easy problem to solve.
The makerspace is also very new. The people I've seen interested in these sorts of things are the younger tech types, and it's no wonder Rockford would be slow to adopt.
I am still considering Denver, but currently I'm thinking I might go to Milwaukee. It's a big city but it's still affordable.
I mean I love the symbol, it's just out of place on a rebel alliance helmet. But I totally get why you would want the cool symbol.
I wish Kylo's character was better. His outfit, helmet, and light saber were cool, and Adam Driver's acting was the best thing in the entire new trilogy. Just the writing for the trilogy was awful and didn't have any compelling characters.
Yeah the thin slit on mandalorian helmets probably wouldn't translate well to a mask. Their helmets are more iconic for their shape, not their paint scheme. Would be hard to capture. I think you made the right choice. Now I want to see a TIE pilot helmet paint job too.
Not about being cleaner for me, I just want to sit. It's a moment I get of some quiet alone time.
Especially this one with the two skids. The test pilot said those two skids acted like a tuning fork. The next prototype was a single larger skid.
I think I would go with Pam.
Currently I'm visiting Michigan. My grandfather died of covid19 and I'm there for the funeral service. I'm not surprised that Michigan isn't doing as well as Illinois. I'm actually surprised that they're doing well at all. I'm in Kalamazoo and there isn't a facemask in sight. Even the Farfield Inn didn't have plastic at the check in counter. You see some employees following the rules wearing a mask, but nobody else are.
Yeah, and it's not what they mean when they say "defund the police." They don't mean remove all their funding, but that funds should be lowered and used for other things like better schooling and mental health facilities. To abolish the police entirely is an insane over reaction.
BLM is asking for it literally, I do know that. They're the fringe though.
Yes the vocal minority, the fringe of the movement, are saying that. That's not what most want. Or at least it wasn't. Perhaps that has changed as they've whipped themselves into too much of a frenzy.
The hell they are. As a democrat BLM represents a lot of mainstream, but not abolishing the police. AOC doesn't even support that if I'm not mistaken.
Yes, but most of those hashtag followers aren't the core BLM movement. Just like most PETA members probably don't support PETAs more radical ideas.
Trump during the debates said he would add more police and has constantly talked about giving them more. So, yes there are definitely people that want to give them more.
Yes it is.
Lol, whatever you say bud.
Thank you for proving my point. In that video AOC specifically outlined that the movement means to reduce funding to the police and increase funding to social programs. When she why the slogan she said they can't control what's happening on the ground.
The military is bad about this. You're constantly trained not to click a link unless it is from a digitally signed email. Then they would create a survey monkey thing and send it. I would of course forward the email to the security people because it's an unsigned email with a link. Their respond was that because survey monkey is a well known site that they use it's okay. As if nobody would ever try to phish using survey monkey as a mock site/cover.
This post is pretty useless without a link...
I have heard this before. I couldn't get past that initial learning curve though. I play hockey so I'm a decent skater and that skill translates really well to skiing. I don't go often enough to become great at it, but I can at least enjoy my time if I stick to skis.
You just love proving my point &gt;The movement to defund the police has been supported by activists for decades.[5] In June 2020, the "defund the police" slogan gained widespread popularity during the George Floyd protests.[6] Black Lives Matter and other activists have used the phrase to call for **police budget reductions and to delegate certain police responsibilities to other organizations**.
Oh, I just assumed you were there one that down voted my post that responded to your YouTube link. Providing links without context I wasn't sure.
I don't know, it was years ago (I think it was during my 2016 deployment). I just remember the survey monkey link and how ridiculous I thought it was.
Better than a specific asshole I guess
You really think that a thrown rock puts someone in a car in danger at those speeds? The car that is crash tested and designed to survive impacts from other 2 ton cars?
It's ridiculous that the only sane response in this thread is marked as controversial. A lot of people here with way too much road rage apparently.
Yeah, or these days write the Ansible to deploy it and keep the playbook around.
If your filesystem is ext4 it is very simple to shrink. If it's xfs you can't shrink it.
First, was it made using a logical volume and lvm? You could just use a live CD/USB to boot into a temporary other Linux environment.
The difference is they're using the reaction ball as a hand eye warm up. If you're training like this you'll start trying to catch with the palm of your glove and you'll have a lot of pop outs.
This is a cat that has past testing, those rocks are small, and the speed was low. Windshields don't just shatter, they spider web. The cars are designed to keep the occupants safe, not themselves (such as crumple zones).
Yeah, it's why I try to avoid actually commenting in some subreddits.
People struggle to smash those windows with small rocks just a few feet away let alone several lanes of traffic away. It's it possible? Sure. Is it likely? Not at all.
Yeah, I saw that. That looks pretty neat. I wouldn't think it would be challenging. It's just the practice you get of visual tracking and have eye coordination. The whole do something 10,000 times to become an expert at it thing.
If you have questions feel free to ask. I think most of us Linux guys love to share knowledge with someone who is excited to learn. Kind of the whole philosophy behind open source. I will say, for your next learning adventure, after you get your virtual environment setup, look into Kubernetes. Everything server side is going to Kubernetes (probably even virtualization with Kubevirt). Kubernetes is the future and you can make some good money administrating it. It's actually not very hard once you understand it, but it's so different than anything you've previously done that it takes a while to get that understanding.
That's why I mentioned the car's low speed. Sure at highway speeds things are different.
And it would be.
Yes, feel free. It's always fun to teach someone who is excited about it. I'm always learning things myself.
Is the disk you're moving to smaller than the one you're moving from? What is your current layout? Because just reducing the LV isn't going to cut it. You will likely have to reduce the VG size, which is also very simple.
That would be some super low hydration bread with terrible gluten structure. Unless you're talking about using a stand mixer with a dough hook, then just mixing would be enough.
If it's working for you, then by all means continue. It's something I've never tried so maybe it does work. I've been making sourdough for years and I find the best advice is from a YouTube channel called Bake with Jack. With sourdough you still don't need to kneed the bread, because the king process naturally forms the gluten structure. It takes a very long time, but it's long times of you not actually doing anything. When you do have to interact with it, it's dead simple.
I haven't heard of magnet fishing or making USB dead drops.
Yeah, that's the point of the sub...
Is there source available, or are you expecting people to just run a random exe on their machines?
Come on now. It's not my favorite choice, but it still has its usefulness for video games. No reason to make fun of someone for their OS choice.
You forgot my favorite Crawford moment, https://youtu.be/zsepJRHoMJ0
There is a park just north of 64 off of Glidden. Don't go there unless you want to be asked by old men to have gay sex. Would be a cool little park to walk otherwise.
It's kind of a shame I like the concept of the park. They took an old train track and turned it into a path and let the original wetlands take over. I have a quad copter and I like to take it to different parks just to get some drone footage and it's excuse to check out new areas. The first time I went there an old guy followed me around everywhere before I finally decided to forget it and just leave. That's when he asked me. I thought that must have been a fluke so some other day I tried again. That time I was alone to start with so I was able to fly around. As I was leaving another old guy came in and mentioned gay sex too. With it being 2/2 times I just have to assume that's what that park is known for.
What is weird is it shouldn't be sketchy. Being an old rail road it is very straight. You can see down there path nearly there whole way.
You should link that source on your web page. Then people like me won't have to ask.
Looks very similar to the Hughes XF-11 which was also designed for reconnaissance. https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/Xf11_usaf.jpg
Only when I'm forced to run. In the military we would have to run for long'ish distances and I'm a terrible runner. My mind would wander because it's insanely boring, sometimes it would feel like I was just observing my body run through my eyes. Like my mind was trying to escape the pain and boredom the body was causing.
USB dead drop sounds like geocaching with the risk of computer viruses. Tell me you're using some sort of special computer for this and not just plugging them into your regularly used computer. Honestly there isn't a great story behind the username. It came from some website I signed up for in the 90's. I have no clue what it was now. Anyway, in the past when you signed up for something and a username was already taken they usually gave you a list of suggested available names and that list was usually just the name you asked for with some numbers behind it. This site must have used a verb/noun list to generate usernames. I thought it was hilarious and have been using it ever since.
u/profanitycounter [self]
I would expect most would be trust worthy, but it also sounds like a great way to start a botnet if I was into that kind of thing.
Sorry, guess I'm used to talking to technical people and assuming certain things are known. A botnet is a network of "bots", basically multiple infected computers that can be controlled to do various tasks. Commonly a botnet might be used to attack a website with a DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attack where all the bots act together to flood a website with requests until the site becomes over loaded and crashes. A computer can be part of a botnet and not show any symptoms until it's time to do whatever task the botnet was created for. If a USB key is being plugged into multiple computers, sounds like a great way to infect multiple computers. You're doing the right thing plugging it into a computer that's not normally used. I'm a little more paranoid and would probably take extra measures. I'm not entirely sure what though tbh.
If you're allowed to do it near Prairie Street, that would definitely be a good spot. With dinner in the dock specifically getting people out there and drinking I'm sure it's full of stuff. You could probably cast off of that boat ramp that's directly down river from them.
On the flip side of this, it's one of the best feelings in the world after you realize it was just a nightmare and you don't have to worry about that anymore because you graduated. You get a brief moment to be smug with yourself and fall asleep in the euphoric state knowing that it's all over.
How does that compare to other departments, or even other departments of similar size? Police also do a lot more than just respond to crime. They also do event security, traffic directing, and others. To be clear I'm all on board with redirecting police funds to preventative measures like education, but these numbers in isolation don't paint a whole picture.
No that first statement just can't be remotely true. People always forget about flaps and that even a modern plane needs to land at some point. A P51 flat out is cooking along over 400mph, imagine how ridiculous it would be if a F16 had to land at around that speed. The F16 might be a bad example because it practically has no stall speed with a thrust to weight ratio over 1, same with the F15. I'll use the F4 Phantom as a better example because it's practically a brick with wings and thrust. It is hard to find stall speeds for these planes... I did find landing approach information in the F4 manual though. With flaps up there initial approach speeds are 165kts and 178kts, already well below the P51 max speed. And it looks like with full flaps, gear down, 23.3 degrees angle of attack, and a light load the stall speed can be as low as 110kts. Point is these modern planes don't have a similar narrow performance envelope at a higher speed, they have a much larger performance envelope.
But that shared expense works for a lot of cool things too: snow removal, grounds maintenance, pool, fitness room. Things that would be expensive for an individual maintain but when a group of people pool their money it's reasonable.
Yeah, that would suck. I'm looking to buy a newer condo sometime soon'ish. I hadn't considered something like a foundation issue.
Seems like a good way to start a lawsuit.
Loved my Pebble. Eventually moved on to an Android Wear watch and it just wasn't very good. It was far too many swipes to do even simple things. I gave up on it pretty quick and haven't had a smart watch since.
Sometimes you just have to let the child make the mistake and learn from it. Humans tend to learn very well from mistakes like this.
Damn, given more context like this, that is a very shitty parent. That cat was playing at a level the kid could not handle.
Sounds annoying. I hate these suggested notifications. They're just clutter.
I really don't understand why they put up statues of traitors to the country in the country's capitol in the first place. I can't see any possible good reason for that.
Especially a flag for a state that were traitors against the US. Honestly it's okay though. Let him flaunt his ignorance. Makes it easier for others to know who to avoid.
Did you not see the video that is linked?
You posted Milwaukee statistics and there are plenty of larger cities in the US.
Sorry, it doesn't. It's a magnificent machine, but it doesn't look cool.
Yeah they just used to label everything as beta for years to hide the quality.
But .12 is before .2.
No, because that would be patch 1 for version 10.1. Normally it's major.minor.patch and you can add hotfix too if you really want to be ridiculous.
That would be kind of silly to compare police to fire. Very different jobs and likely very different costs associated with them. I can understand your confusion though.
But if you touch your mask then touch other things before washing your hands, you could be unknowingly spreading it. Which as you stated is the point of the mask.
It's definitely not people like me. I use that numbering scheme... I just think it's silly that it doesn't follow the rest of the mathematics world. How hard is it to start at X.01 instead of X.1?
That's the same as starting at 10.1. why not start at 10.01?
If you have 99+ minor versions before a major release, something is wrong.
I get it, but it's just weird in a field so rooted in mathematics that this is done. Don't be surprised when people looking in from the outside get confused that 10.12 is supposed to be a higher version than 10.2. That's all I'm saying.
Yeah and you don't need to wear a mask when jogging.
Yes, you get it, I get it, but I'm trying to tell you why people can find it confusing. Every other thing in their life has been 10.2 being larger than 10.12.
Sure it's possible, but it's a pretty extreme case. I imagine some of those little changes could have been little enough to be on the patch level.
Depends on the city I guess. Here if you're jogging outdoors it even just outdoor at all I don't think you need a mask.
If you watch the YouTube video that gives more context, it's actually just bad parenting. The cat was playing with the kid and the kid couldn't handle it. Instead of helping the parent just video taped it and laughed.
And that's also how people can hate the fictional character of God. Like another poster said, he's a narcissistic, genocidal maniac. Edit: Clarifying I meant the biblical Christian god.
But that is a specific god.
The hate, yes. The god? Not if you ask me.
It was on the cusp of being great until they picked it apart and removed all the best features.
Definitely a Karen. Over reacting to a little discomfort and blaming others for not fixing the problem.
Is that a two person job? How can one help another put a lid on a pot?
She obviously doesn't know what she is doing. But like a typical Karen she thought she knew everything.
True, could just be a bad human being, not parent. Good point.
The only thing they've really been missing is a good camera. They've been pretty great phones otherwise.
Do you have a source for that? From what I've read these things create combustion and thrust in pulses (hence the name). These engines create pulses about 45 times per second. While a relatively high frequency, it's definitely not constant like a turbojet or prop.
Yeah, I would agree that it is constant'ish thrust. Definitely not the wild pulses that you imagine when you hear the name.
This is why Seattle had an area protected by protestors with AR15s. They were protecting the medical area. It seems like the only way to keep a protest peaceful is to have guns. It's similar to the MAD doctrine, police know that it would be a crazy escalation attacking a bunch of armed civilians.
And that is what makes the show lame imo. I don't care about the participants back stories. If they're winners, then yeah maybe some more info on them. Otherwise just let them try to run the course and stop dragging it out.
You don't think she continues to live off the notoriety of those 3 months of work? I guarantee she has far more money now than if she never did porn and stayed working at Fuddruckers.
Yeah, but her job was literally to be attractive. I think it's 100% fair to comment on a porn star's looks, that is the good they are selling.
Only *directly* made 12k. The fame has certainly increased her value by far more.
Well yes, she probably should have made a lot more. And she probably could have if she didn't quit at the height of her fame. She surely could have used her fame as a negotiating tool. That doesn't change the fact that she is well off today because of the game she got. She was far less likely to be living the life she is now while working at the Fuddruckers.
Yes, exactly. That's her "value" now.
Pretty sure that's exactly what she's paying bills with.
Exactly, that's her "value."
Hindsight is 20/20. She knowingly made that trade.
Not when she initially signed on for those three months. You don't start as top end. She didn't stay in long enough to actualize her popularity.
Never trust the security of something that isn't open source.
They got rid of chronological sort many years ago. I remember complaining about it something like 10 years ago.
It also *made* her famous, which *made* her stand out for other opportunities. She indirectly *made* a lot more off those films.
There was one chick that posted, then she deleted everything. Other than that there is just one old guy who posts every once in a while trying to get laid.
&gt;RQ-180, by the sounds of it, is designed to fill role of the SR-71. Which is high altitude surveillance...
I'm just curious if someone I recognize shows up. I imagine that's why this sub has no activity. The community is pretty small, hard to be anonymous.
I have no idea, haven't looked into it. But I imagine if the RQ-4 remains cheaper to operate, it will be around a long time. Look at the B52.
In the military this is a big part of basic training. It does exactly what you said, helps you learn to work together.
Too me a long time to get stung by a bee too. That can be scary because you don't know if you're allergic. Just hopefully your first time isn't in a remote area with no one to help.
I wonder if the YF17 had won that contract if the Navy would have still been interested in developing it into the F18.
Hope that insulation is good. Living near an event venue is one thing, living right on top of it doesn't sound fun at all.
Okay, and which candidates support changing the electoral college? The answer is none. Neither of them want to change our voting structure because they would risk losing power. They both have it too good. That's the reason we're in this situation, not because we don't want it, but because we don't have a choice.
But he did not get the majority overall. Hillary literally got the overall majority. Trump got the majority of the electoral college. The thing that a lot of us voters would like to get rid of.
Let's not kid ourselves, it was bound to be a case of whack a mole from the get go. Curve gets flattened, restrictions lifted, cases grow exponentially, quarantine, curve gets flattened, rinse, repeat.... We still don't have good contract tracing, even a few cases with exponential growth turns into a lot of cases real fast.
I wouldn't be so confident.
I'm not going to argue with you, but it seems your hang up is on not having "majority overall" defined. I would define overall as being over all the electorate, which is the people. Hillary won the most people. You're defining it is as the electoral college. Which in our republic, is the minority that actually gets to choose the winner.
Same, I would absolutely do it. I always think of toast that has been well buttered giving it some moisture back making it a little flexible. I'll even have lube. Easiest money of my life.
This is definitely going to be a learning experience for you it sounds like. That 127.0.0.1 address is the special loopback address. It is intended for testing. For example you might ping 127.0.0.1 from your WiFi card to see if it will respond. 127.0.0.1 will only ever talk to the device that the request originated from. So, you're going to have to find your IP address, to do this I have a couple questions for you: are you accessing it from the internet or from your own home network, also are you using Linux or Windows? Second part you talk about "forwarding" a port. This is done on your router IF you are opening it up to the Internet. Be very careful what you open to the Internet because it becomes a potential attack vector. I would **never** open telnet to the outside world. Telnet is old and inherently insecure. It is replaced by SSH. Lastly, your host computer might have a firewall that needs to be configured to allow traffic on that port.
Hey, remember when you said this after I said there wasn't enough testing or contact tracing? Now the US is setting record high numbers of new cases in the states that reopened too early and those states are having to close again. Just wanted to say, I told you so.
Are there officially stats on both of these planes? I thought they were pretty guarded secrets for the actual top speed.
Okay, but Wikipedia doesn't agree with what you said. According to Wikipedia the SR-71 has a top speed of 2200mph (mach 3.32) and the MiG-25/31 has a top speed of 1900mph (mach 2.83). That's over a 10% difference, which is not insignificant. The SR-71 also has a higher service ceiling and can maintain that speed much longer. The MiG 25 and 31 are certainly impressive, but they're no SR-71.
/r/croppingishard
That's why I asked for a source. I didn't know where the numbers were coming from.
That would be funny because we bought titanium used on the SR-71 from the Russians...
Reagan did so much damage to this country. These large battles can be traced back to his administration. Yet the conservatives treat him as if he were some kind of God. Gutted unions, started trickle down, started the war on drugs, started the get tough on crime movement, removed tax brackets for the wealthy, closed mental health facilities... The only people that benefited are the top 1%.
And he started life as a union leader and democrat. Sold his soul to the highest bidders.
Yes, the neo-conservatives start with Reagan.
Because Texas has a very large role in creating those text books. Look it up, they have an absurd amount of influence on them.
Peaceful protests with guns worked fine though. It's similar to the MAD doctrine from what I can see. If the protestors have guns, the police don't want to start a blood bath. Without guns you're just prey.
I wish this were true even for other practical reasons, like security.
Those are conservative values, those are not neo-conservative values.
