As a lesbian I'll tell you that a woman's hands are much more attractive than her rubber cock. And tell your mother to take the dildos out of the dishwasher before everyone wakes up for breakfast...
DON'T POINT THAT AT ME!
Cuz i like them
Dildos, yes. Vibrators, no. https://www.bustle.com/articles/142427-how-to-properly-clean-your-sex-toys I much prefer vibrators to dildos...but your mother likes them all.
Lol. No...no they do not. It MIGHT say something in writing...but it is not something that was verbally explained to me.
Whatever you do don't look at my trophy case
Mostly because you're not paying any rent for the basement room you call an apartment to your "dice" friends who drink all the mountain dew in the fridge.
I understood some of those words.
You son of a bitch...I'm in.
Hormone injections?
Ah. Good luck. I know and love and am lots of the rainbow
You're welcome.
[All plus 3 staff...and several not given pay...for not reporting the picture](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2019/12/31/us/west-virginia-cadet-nazi-salute-fired-trnd/index.html)
The love you give out is what you can expect to receive. Keep giving out positive vibes. Even if it is for 10 minutes a day. Feeling a connection to the universe.
cake
Don't knock it until you've tried it.
Right after they sleep with you is when it predominately happens.
I believe they use special paper...not blackbook paper.
That's what I thought you used. I knew you didn't use the black book anymore. I have some cardstock at work that I want to bring home and practice with.
E
Kahlua, stat!
Sweet
Yesterday I was honestly picturing in my head what the bombing outside my window would look like. And was so saddened by it. Fuck war.
I was doing fine on tge old IRC.
Spatula City!
Wasted.
Zigged when he should have zagged.
I loved the country...hated the two Ms over the limit ticket though.
Neat
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thank you.
:)
Sweet
Ty
Now we all know why our insurance rates are so high
Trying on the wall is much more difficult....I see the f now...
🤛✊🖖👏👋🤚👐🖕☝️
Creamy clam chowder.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The hole in the round part of thee R. I forget to outline it and 3D it.
Noooo!!!!! Please no!!!!!
I'd love to.
He had no facts. Just lies. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collapse_of_the_Atlantic_northwest_cod_fishery
I love this type of click bait. People click it only to confirm their biases...and then are shocked, SHOCKED, I SAY, to discover their dear leader sucks.
One is fucking crazy and the other is fucking-crazy.
Gone. Screenshot?
Thank you. I'm trying to learn chrome. Thanks for the tips.
Werd
Quoth the locker: Nevermore
By the way, racist name.
It's the break up... https://www.courant.com/news/connecticut/hc-news-maren-sanchez-settlement-stabbing-20191220-qgh3i54vard5figt5274relztu-story.html
It's my favorite line.
Prisma and white gel pen
Smithsonian. Any museum. I'd be sad.
$bid Ive never bid before so i don't know tge procexure. Would like physical painting.
Do you want to be the one who says nothing and then your own child is hurt/killed? Have you ever had to report a kid who jokingly said I'm going to kill myself? I have sleepless nights sometimes because of the stuff I hear in the hallways. I had a massive head injury from a 5 girl brawl in the cafe because someone did not take an accusation seriously. There's a tree planted outside my school for a girl who shot herself because the custodian got her pregnant and no one said anything. One girl, the other day, said to a teacher, my brother says he's gonna beat the gay outta me. GO TO THE SOCIAL WORKER. Don't keep that stuff to yourself.
Thank you.
Jolly rancher
I'll look in my classroom Monday. Maybe I'll check with Chris Murphy or Blumenthal to see if we can get some.
Nails clipped or not?
But if we are going for the whole fist ... which is the only way this is going to work...
I
Thank you.
Thank you. I practiced straight letters for a little while. Moved to bubble. I'm all over :)
Ever do a neti pot?
Ah. Good to know.
I avoid people as much as possible.
I see. The S gets me thinking circle but I like the square F.
How do I? I set up my own subreddit (/r/fingersfromreddit) and post there and send a link by PM. Or you can post to imgur and send a link.
I'm trying to decide if I want to do a quick piece near my house under a bridge. There is too much traffic for anything elaborate. I'm lucky to have this garage but it is thrilling to think about getting out in the world.
Or he is paid by the company to go out and collect them. They are worth more than $100 each.
Take care of your hands!
Manual or automatic? My safety is that I drive a manual.
She is giving an ultimatum also.
Yup. Go on as if nothing happened. I hate when people bring up personal stuff while I'm teaching. I go to work to get away from my personal issues.
eventhough I've explained why I don't want to be with someone that wants to be polyamorous She IS WITH SOMEONE WHO WANTS TO BE POLYAMOROUS. She is blind. She allowed herself to be with someone she did not want to be with. I don't understand how he is at fault. He said, I want to fuck other women. She said, I don't want you to fuck other women. He said, marry me. She said yes. He said I still want to fuck other women. She said, why are you still the same human I got together with? She KNEW he wants to fuck others. It's Her hard limit. He has NOT fucked other women. He has not passed her hard limit. If she marries him. She broke her own limit. why is she on here asking us anything?
Did you like high school? Most people don't. I've been in high school for 21 years...graduate in 9 years. It's not for everyone, but tgose who put down teaching...come do my job for a day. Please. I'd like a day off.
Many community pools have showers. We used them on our trips. Truck stops, hang out near the trucker pumps. If they buy over x amount of fuel they get a free shower. We bummed them from truckers. Hang out near motels and make friends with a maid. Some might let you take a shower before they make up the room. You might be able to sneak a load of laundry too.
Love the colors!
Thanks!
[carol burnett show did a skit in 1967 about Argentina and Nazis](https://tv.avclub.com/like-snl-at-its-best-the-carol-burnett-show-realized-t-1798261900)
Love it!
My now ex wife... My dad and I say, "how much Hungarian hot paprika did you put in the chicken paprakosh?" "Quarter cup, just like the recipe ..." "Quarter TABLESPOON!....TABLESPOON!"
Thank you.
I love cooking for my hedonist wife. I've served sushi on her. She loves my cooking.
Yup. Im terrified of being arrested. Im close to retirement and don't want to jeopardize that. However, I'm on the look out for free walls.
Yeah. Shitty markers and too many interruptions at work.
Fuck you.
Find new subreddits that are tangential...or all together different. Post there until you get more street cred. It takes time. You are not here for the imaginary internet points, right? You're here because...
Mmm
No idea. Try it out :)
Yup.
I'm puking today, myself. It's midterms. :/
Aw. I had a stye last week. Getting old. Get better!
I was just testing YOU when I blew through that red light...
I got 2.2 months...soon. Things are awful right now.
The front fell off...
Two Suns in the Sunset
That's the Spirit
Yup
I tried the cup...my arms are too short (big girl) and I don't like things inside me. At home I wear the expensive period underwear (love them) but bleed too hard to wear them out in the world.
Period underwear
They are very expensive. But I figured that I'd get my wife and I a pair each. She doesn't like them as much. I wear them at home (or I wear nothing and just put a towel down) when I'm bleeding heavily. I just got them a few months ago and I don't mind wearing them to bed. (I'd much rather wear nothing, but mattress pads are much more expensive).
It also burns.
Monkey!
*approves*
The suicidal woman friend of my wife insisted we take $600 a month for rent and storage so that she "knew what living would be like when she got her own place." Even though I told her no money would be okay with us. We put the money into an account marked *hername* household. She eats meals with us and showers everyday and washes her linens every week...so our Bill's increased but I've never spent any of the money in her account...but...she is gonna buy us a dryer. Planning on giving her a huge chunk for her going away present.
Sick!
Thank you, Luv!
The gimp needs to bathe, you know.
Looks like they left a piece of the skateboard in you.
Yates?
Her edits...and choice of interviews makes her seem like she's found people who aretolerant. And XYY chromosomes exist, i do believe.
Why not just label restrooms as such: urinal/sanitary napkins? And sometimes don't women send boyfriends out for tampons?
Mayo packet, sesame oil, sriracha....blow ur mind.
Stop pointing me.
Australia
I have a non-deadly gluten allergy that builds as I eat more gluten. I can eat a nongluten meal because I've saved my gluten for dessert. If I eat too much gluten in a week, I get a bad rash on my back and feel horrible. But if I ration my gluten (and dairy) during the week, I can have a few slices of pizza on Friday as a treat.
Because of this post, we had buttered poached eggs this morning. Thank you!
So, I fried some bacon this morning. Set aside the fat. Let it cool. Cracked my eggs into the cool bacon grease. Let them sit. Did the buttered poached eggs and they were so delicious. How long do you let the eggs sit in the grease? Do you have a ratio? Should the be covered? I need to know more! And do you have a recipe for scotched eggs?
I've cut a few people out of my life with little to know regret. One was my own mother. I cannot have drama in my life. Too much stress. Delete and move on. They don't need to live rent free in your head. Find a different activity. try some new subreddits.
probably in a ditch, waiting for an EMT....
I don't need another case of whiplash, bro.
Better than reading about the police killing people.
Happened to a couple at the local dungeon. Cis woman marries transwoman...lesbian couple. Then cis woman says she's trans. Becomes man. Now they are a hetero couple. It's mind blowing
Thanks. I did the S a few times to get the cap and base lines correct. I had to squish it and didn't get the right side correct. The F was a bit of a problem in the narrow areas. I like branching out.
Ty
I don't know what Foid Babe is but probably a popukar thing i would not watch. I always tell my server that I'm not deathly allergic. I try not tp fet into "the rash on my back" during dinner. Many menus now identify GG/DF so i don't even have to ask. I had a stomach bug this week so I've been living on saltines...my back itches badly. No pizza this week...:/
Free shower
My wife is back i n her im going to do the opposite of everything you te me to do phase. Telling her not to fuck with me is just an invitation for her to fuck with me. Im watching my words carefully again. G
But she would have to put her phone down.
No!
Maybe an homage.....https://sketchok.com/cartoon-characters/rick-and-morty/how-to-draw-jerry-smith-morty-s-father
He doesn't want to confess THAT easily.
I am NOT up her ass.
Can you get it to a warm dry area? I know it is winter and it is Canada. Like an indoor car park? All the electrical should be sealed, no? (And I'm not the person you responded to...so keep looking for their response. Did you drain your windshield fluid for the back? I don't know if there's a separate reservoir.
Hi, family!
Because you know the possibilities of your future. I had to leave a toxic mother when I was a junior in high school and move in with my dad and his EVIL wife (the wicked step mother) or be homeless. I tippie-toed around because I knew that in a year I'd be in college...away from everyone. I came home from school and left for the day. Got home as late as possible. Did most of my chores...enough to not be yelled at too much. Left early in the morning. Got my driver's license. Dad gave me his truck (you can buy a cheap beater easily enough) and I got a job that worked nights and weekends. I was out of the house as much as possible. I knew all her triggers and tried my best to avoid them. I got a scholarship to go to school but not enough to live off campus. So...one year turned into 5 years ... of knowing that it would be over eventually. Eventually you'll make school friends and want to room together. Or you'll get a girlfriend and move in with her ... If you hustled this hard to get into uni....don't let HER WIN. That's what pushed me on. SHE WAS NOT GOING TO WIN. I was going to get a good job and be better than she ever was. She died a few years ago. Drugs and such. A decade ago she told my dad to fuck off...and he did. He left. He died last year. Make friends with your grandfather. It may be the last time you get to know him.
Take care of them, please. For all of our sakes!
It's called encouragement....to get an education and get out. Only thing they can't take from you. I lived in hell with my mom...I was not going to let a step mom stop me from getting out.
I've had to go across the ridge.
She loves it. Everyone on the internet assumes I'm male, which I'm not. Everyone assumes I'm straight. I'm a lesbian. So sick of being called bro
12 years....
Depends on the purpose of the cooperative. If a coop is in it for the money...it's capitalism. If it is in it so that anyone who wants to work can find work, then it's not capitalism. I think of coops as non-capitalist adventures meant to feed/clothe/house/educate people. Not to make money.
They can. But that doesn't address the Opie's concern.
/r/usernamefamily
It's summer. If you are down by the coast (which 90% of OZ is), go down to the boats and see if they need help. Don't tell anyone you are only looking for temp work...they won't invest time in you. But you should be looking FOR TEMP WORK. You might need to change your appearance for the types of jobs you are applying. You may look a certain way that does NOT match their vision of what a worker for them looks like. Applying to McDonalds looks a lot different than applying to an office position. You may look too well-tailored for McDonalds (aka you may look expensive to them...and therefore they'd expect you to expect a high salary). Get a job coach. S/he'll help you.
I'm a lady finger :)
F
Because I've gotten FINGERS spelled out at least twice on the internets. :)
Public Private Charter At least edreformers admit that charter schools aren't public.
Are you running out of exclamation points yet?
It is, ma'am.
cake
Goodbye!
I will tell you that Modern Pizza is the best...but i grew up on Tom and Pat's pizza in the 1980s...and went there the other day and it was just as tasty as i remembered it.
Thanks!
All were employed by Disney....
when you feel bad that /u/awildsketchappeared retired.
Wrong person to reply to.
I've done it. :) I'm in an art phase. It's what I'm obsessing about. I've started branching out...:) Thanks!
Thank you for the inspiration.... Mine is noob shit but i like it https://www.reddit.com/r/fingersfromreddit/comments/es3zpu/thanks_for_the_inspired_3d/
That's alright. (Shit, shoulda said okay)
They were supposed to be picking UP chicks, not putting them down.
Thank you.
Hey!
That's one helluva hat
Humiliation kink.
Thanks.
Snuffles is my slave name.
True story. Today I went down to the robotics room and the students were telling me about the robot and the bonus round. And part of it is they have to make a bar level. And I looked up at the fifteen-year-old and said, have you ever experienced true level, Morty? He kind of looked at me and then went jiggly and said Uhhhh
Welcome to the other side. 6 years ago I was going to do the same thing and I made it through the weekend and about a week later realized then I was now free to do whatever I wanted. My life was my choice. I am now living on bonus time. I can do whatever I want. And it feels so great to be free. January is always a hard time for me to get through. Recognize this or recognize your patterns. And then do whatever you can to interrupt them. What are you most looking forward to in your life?
There's a lot to explore there. Have you read the book about the camel lady?
Sign up for the graff exchange
Pick them up, mulch them, and mail them to the neighbor with a note that says something about "climate change"
I'm a gal.
Look at my trophy case.
Ty!
You should read it.
Thanks!
Ah. Gotcha
I'm an elder of the internet. 12 yr trophy :) I'm an old lesbian geek
Yup. Worked through that. I still practice them. Want to branch out. I tried to run that triangle and the "horn" through all my letters to have consistency ...i want to build from the E because i like it.
Thank you. Another. https://www.reddit.com/r/Graffiti/comments/euu3qn/toy_feels_joy_with_this_one/
It's my own. It's my garage. :)
Whiskey Hangover, what are you doing? Get over here!
I just need someone to train me to put down the Doritos...at the grocery store.
Neat . color?
My wife has to pee a lot in order to avoid UTIs. I haven't had one in a long time but I pee a lot. Can you figure out the time that you pee and have a lot of sex in those hours before you pee or minutes before you pee? And keep your sex to just before you pee so that you can track that for a little while?
Ed Kemper. That guy is amazingly grotesque. If you really want to check things out go over to / R / serial killers. They really discussed the art of murder.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/On_Murder_Considered_as_one_of_the_Fine_Arts
Just about :) my fark account is older.
Fred Jones Tools for teaching. Changed my life.
Some of them tell you what happened and the fine the company got.
What's your recipe for nikiri (sweet soy sauce)?
https://sushimodern.com/recipes/nikiri-brush-on-soy-sauce/
I tell my students to thank their teachers for Feb. Break. City wanted to take it from us and we revolted...tossed their calendar choices back at them and told them to add a feb. Break.
Neat. Are you planning on putting this up?
Don't cross me.
You need therapy.
"Welcome to Jamaican. Have a nice day!"
Is this followed up by "You bastard Day"?
Bars? https://www.reddit.com/r/fingersfromreddit/comments/ewcqon/bar_practice/
My wife had kidney stones during Christmas Eve. The only Pharmacy that was open was Two Towns over. It is the only 24 hour pharmacy Within a 15-mile radius of my house.
When I was first starting teaching I would travel from West Haven to Westport. On Fridays I would travel from Westport to Madison. That is when I learned that I needed a job that was close enough to my home that I didn't need to get on a highway. My current commute is 12 minutes. 4 miles. No Highway. I just have to deal with with Yalies.
The rental company required it. I don't know how old the van was. She ran like a champ though. I didn't mind doing it. We had a check every 3 days because we ran so far. I did 10,000 kilometers in 20 days.
An old married couple
That's why you need to communicate with your woman (human) in a way that does NOT lead to rape.
Not in the court of law. Just like he said. And moving forward when a person is doing THAT thing, IS VERY FUCKING DANGEROUS.
[gray rape exists](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gray_rape)
cake
Do you identify with them on any scale?
Remember the Saydrah scandal of Aught Eight? Man, I never thought we'd recover from that!
apparently, this is what really happened (don't know if it is the same post) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14YWE5hY5zo&amp;fbclid=IwAR2fCFa4cAACDnIeqUQd2UTRT9zrtGwgBkEa5lu3hJ4lfDd_GI_5ZeJWyyE&amp;app=desktop
People foster animals all the time. Reach out through Craigslist and such.
I got sniffed by a fox behind a church in the panhandle of Florida one night.
Got sniffed by a bear in a pit outside of Matagami, Quebec. That was a fun night.
Sometimes. Sometimes I make sure I get the good piece. But, I always make sure there are leftovers.
wicked!
I post on fb but only because I'm in an echo chamber. My newish in laws are rarely on fb but they hold conservative views. I don't push stuff down their throats. Just stopped having turkey day over there. Here's what I posted to OP: https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/cultural-moment/201801/how-discuss-your-differences-others
My wife has a conservative father who has left Faux for Oan-ism. She tried to talk to him today about George Floyd being murdered. He tried the old, "They are burning their own community" bit and she came back with the "low wages, corporate looting" ...then the conversation changed to something else from his childhood.
cake
/u/vredditshare
As a lesbian, I'm okay with this.
“I rang the doorbell didn’t I”.
AtLeastYouHaveAMomWhoLovesYou ABucketOfChickenSoundsGood YouTwistedMyNipple YouMessedUpMyHair (best line ive heard in a dungeon) GettingNudeForFood AsexualLemur NextTimeIWontDoThat
If people paid attention to communities, then they would know about road closures.
This is excellent news!
Please be aware that your uncle might be infected and might need a 14 day quarantine in his new space. That means that whomever is his caretaker NEEDS to be aware of proper PPE and care. He is going to need PPE in order to walk out of the place, probably. Have they called ahead or do you just plan on breaking him out? Many places are NOT allowing visitors yet.
Can you help with "cook first" versus "take the meat out before cooking" recipes?
Sorry_IhaveDiarhia_and HadtoGo
I'm up in the air about this one.
Gate-way drug...
Yup
My wife is a Libra. She cannot make up her mind...and dwells in the realm of feeling more than intellect.
Psychically...if he does not answer, he is a scam.
https://caw.org/ Phone number at bottom
Thank you.
They are old people, I guess. My wife hung out with them back in the 90s. Was a high priestess in the church. No clout with OZ (ha!) Nowadays. Her ex husband went to that school.
thanks!
Thanks!
you are a humanbeingabro!
/r/reversegifbot
Thanks!
The research shows that training is not effective. It is state and local policies about HOW the police are expected to act is THE most effective way to keep us safe.
cake twins!
Are you my mommy?
MMWW MM WW
https://www.yesmagazine.org/health-happiness/2016/03/21/10-black-women-innovators-and-the-awesome-things-they-brought-us/
https://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/these-four-black-women-inventors-reimagined-technology-home-180962060/
https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/BF02584072
home window
fb PERSON'S FIRST AND LAST NAME 7 hrs Protest in New Haven today at 3pm planning to close 95 for it. You have been warned!
Mmmm...forbidden cookie
https://blog.nationalequityproject.org/2012/08/22/5-ways-to-create-a-culturally-responsive-classroom/ I am NOT an expert on this. I'd ask an expert who has researched this instead of teachers. Of course teachers are going to believe that you are correct. However, researchers might disagree. All of the people who are saying, "Oh praise is good, you should do it even if they don't get it at home." say this from the heart rather than from the intellect. Whole societies have flourished WITHOUT explicit praise. Our society (seeing that most of the people responding are from a western culture) views praise as something that should be given, not withheld. However, you are correct that some families may be very uncomfortable with giving praise. You MIGHT make some kids uncomfortable. Is that what you intend? If not, then research "culturally responsive teaching". You have got to know your kids and meet them where they are. There is this great joke. American couple adopts German boy. The child never says anything. Finally, for the kid's 5th birthday they make him a chocolate cake with orange frosting. They ask him, "How's the cake?" thinking he won't respond. "It was okay. I didn't care for the frosting." "Wow, you can talk. How come you've never said anything before?" Kid responds, "Well, everything up until now has been satisfactory." I told this joke to a friend of German descent and he nodded his head. Some of our praise culture is viewed HORRIBLY in other parts of the world. Jokes about participation trophies, etc. You can give a survey (or different surveys throughout the year) that asks culturally relevant questions so that you can get to know your kids.
Because it can be embarrassing to many people in the world.
asterisk
won't you take me to, ssshantiTown
you have five fingers, right? ssssshanti
If you are cool stop in pueblo at the occupy house.
new haven garden exchange on FB would know.
And Whitneyville Food Market Thyme and Season
Here's the thing: NEVER has the cop in my school been there at the beginning of a fight. I got hurt this year in one fight (head hit the floor) and the cop wasn't scheduled for another hour. Cops usually come in after the fight is broken up by security to arrest someone, that's it. Security takes care of the fights after fisticuffs happen. Officers arrest whomever needs to be after everything has calmed down. I hate that there is a guy with a gun in the building. Having this guy DOES NOT STOP fights. I think his presence is a detriment to the building. Black and brown kids do not need to feel like they are in jail when they are at school.
How was it?
come on over to /r/sodastream we'd be happy to have you.
[Ron Swanson's take on it](https://i.redd.it/d8yxbkynwo251.jpg)
I bought most of mine from Craigslist. I don't buy the syrups usually (like once or twice a year when I want a tonic water but don't want to make my own...there is a great recipe for it online). I trade mine co2 in at bed bath and beyond for about $12 for a new bottle. I don't do it for the money. I do it because I hate the waste of plastic bottles. I traveled one year and was shocked at how little recycling happens or is available on the road. I bought my first SS and put it behind my seat. I bought lemon juice or Mio water energy. I bought one while traveling Europe and left it with a friend in Scotland. I bought one while traveling in Australia last year and left it with family. I have several spread across 3 continents. One at work and one at the club.
I'm female. And I'd love to. Where are you?
We got the conditioner.
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22998411/
"Which country would you like to re-visit the most?" Probably France because we didn't get to see the lower half or coast.
"When I'm traveling inside Europe, usually I pick 1 city and spend a few days there, so I can really experience it." I'd like to go back to The Netherlands to see more things. But, I'm not really a touristy kinda gal. We saw the Van Gogh museum and that took a lot of the day, it felt like. Then we hung out in the red light district and got high at a cafe. We couldn't get into a gay/leather bar because we were female. That really pissed me off. Europe was this: Meeting Americans in foreign countries.
turn right this time. go up the other side
Do you pencil before you ink?
It is heartbreaking. My brother had a one year old son when he died. My family was really fucked up ... especially on my mom's side...she was involved in armed robbery. I got out after finding her after her second suicide attempt that year. I'm lucky I got out without jail, myself. And thanks! We're going for sushi.
/r/giraffesdontexist
Research NRE, new relationship energy. Took about three years to wear off for aqua me and libra wife. Your relationship deepens and does not rely on always being on. But, know we are loyal human beings.
Happy Cake Day!
What are your favorite hobbies?
Will it go the way their attempt at being a teacher college went?
O
My wife used to love that...but she got the mesh surgery and now only three fit....snuggly.
Janet Mills has stayed off of his radar, I'm surprised.
I've put on deodorant twice during this whole fiasco...both times to go to the dentist during the last four days.
How do the amplifiers without towers next to it work? I'm only on wizard level 120ish. I don't know what enrage gem is.
What's the 3 do (when you hit numeric 3)
Question: what are these sociopaths going to do for work? (I really don't care, but it's a question that needs an answer that even grandma can nod to). Henry Rollins LOOKS like a military man but leads a band. Can these humans who look like they love war do other things?
Washington Peninsula took my breath away. The driftwood was remarkable. I returned a year later and it was all gone. Too dangerous. But it will come back eventually. The coast is absolutely fantastic. It has a rain forest and some of the largest trees in existence. Mt. Olympus is beautiful.
English. Inner city. Past five years I've been the reading teacher. 4 miles to work. Having a passenger to navigate is important for any driver :)
Was supposed to go to Mongolia. Went online to figure things out in January. Saw that it was locked down. Said, FUCK! And knew that it was gonna be bad.
Cop once told me that there are NO LEGAL cars on the road. There's always something wrong. Some pretense to pull you over. I got pulled over because I had a sticker on my window BEHIND ME that blocked the view for the officer to see if I had my seat belt on.
Detox
stage 2 became interesting
Dr says I have the Gene's. Going for endoscopy 4 weeks. Eating gluten. Ugh
What's your favorite question?
Calm down FRANCIS!
Most excellent
Because you got C's in high school?
Bad? That's brilliant. Keeping all of those guys together makes perfect sense.
Wendy Williams is getting more and more pathetic.
If you have netflix, please check out Still Game. It's fucking hilarious.
What question do you wish people would ask you?
The sign on the pole probably says something like this.
It looked like he actually looked at himself up on a screen.
I used to flash the trains as they went by. Big tits on a butch girl.
Diamond in the Rough Short Stop Hey Batter batter batter Stealing Home Smoke Signals Not a Belly Itcher Peanuts and cracker Jack's Pinch hitter Get your hot dogs and payday loans here! What'll be, kid? Foul Ball
This would probably be false. The dotted line means people can PASS on the LEFT. It would be stupid for someone to STOP to TURN left and have someone pass on the left hand side. One line is still solid that means NO TURNING. An open space in a double line means you are allowed to turn. The person was probably making an illegal left hand turn.
If it IS Russia: It is prohibited to turn left in large towns other than at crossings with lights.
SEXY!
Thyme And Season in Hamden.
Ask them some questions!
Peru
A lot of people from Somalia have found refuge in Lewiston, ME and some of the locals aren't happy about it. Fuck those locals. When someone thinks MAINE is better than war, be proud.
And, talk to your families. "If I disappear, please do NOT call the police. Call XYZ first." I had to write a letter to a neighbor about her drug dealing son...he was doing it as an open air market thing. Told her I didn't want to call the cops, but I would if I had to. His open air drug dealing stopped.
Did you ?
Can't reform without defunding. You defund first, pass reforms, write NEW contract, then re-fund the police. Camden did it.
Defunding the police does NOT mean getting rid of the police entirely. Abolishing the police, however, does. I'm all for abolishing the police, but I know that the US is not. So, defund is my language right now.
Happens a lot. Google cops kill suicidal man https://www.google.com/search?client=firefox-b-1-d&amp;q=cops+kill+welfare+check
I wouldn't have cared if he was dealing drugs from INSIDE his home. Our neighborhood has seen an increase of families of color, with small children. I talked to one neighbor and she said that after the drug deals cars were riding up on her lawn. The buyers were swearing at her. Buys were happening all day and night. The last straw was when I saw, at 2:30 in the afternoon, a guy buy drugs and then snort them right there in the car. The dealer is bi-racial so I knew that if I called the cops, he'd be hurt badly. So I wrote and anonymous letter to her. Told her that I didn't know if she knew the extent of his dealing. That under forfeiture laws she could lose her house. Their were kids seeing this drug dealing. Etc. I told her I didn't want to call the cops but enough was enough. I told her I didn't want the cops in the neighborhood because we ALL had our own little secrets. So yes, his drug dealing was harmful to the neighborhood. He took it elsewhere. Eventually he stopped selling, I believe. Has a kid now. Glad I didn't call the cops.
https://www.thecut.com/2020/06/what-does-defund-the-police-mean-the-phrase-explained.html
I know. Thank you. I had a former student call me this year wanting to die. We called 211 together. Had a student attempt a few weeks ago. Really rough year.
Edibles
That's why I don't do it any more. And no one should be FORCE to have to call the cops. There must be an alternative. I have to live with that decision. And I don't want to be an accessory to murder. I bet the clerk who called on Floyd feels awful. I know that the owner does. And I voted you up because you make a good point. We should NOT be put into positions that we might be accessories to murder.
Capital punishment is a legal penalty under the United States federal government criminal justice system. It can be imposed for treason, espionage, murder, large-scale drug trafficking, or attempted murder of a witness, juror, or court officer in certain cases. And EVEN if you do any of these things, COPS are NOT the judge and jury. Even if George did ANY of these, there'd need to be trial first.
Cluck cluck Oinky MooCow
Filming him is the worst you can do, probably. It gives him a reason to act out. Let him have his high. Watch over his welfare so he doesn't get out and get hit.
same thing, except it was my dad.
Lost my dad, not my mom. My wife was VERY close to her mother. I was very close to my dad. He actually saved me FROM my mom when I was 17. Were you close to your mom?
Just go with the flow...
Sometimes we agree with something BEFORE we know exactly how we are going to feel. He may be embarrassed by his own actions, even though you told him NOT to be embarrassed.... just because you tell me NOT to feel a certain way does not mean I'm going to not feel a certain way. He may not be comfortable with sending you things, even though he said (or you HEARD) he would be comfortable. We do things and then realize new feelings. He may see it as cheating and therefore something to hide and you are making him tattle on himself. My now wife and I started as a two legged triangle with her as a pivot between me and her husband. She said she wasn't the jealous type. That I could have my own play partners. She'd keep her husband. She left him after three months. Well, turns out, she IS the jealous type (she never knew it because nothing in her life had ever forced her to TRY anything like we did). I'm allowed to have male bottom play partners (non-sexual), but not allowed to have female play partners unless discussed deeply with her. It took years for me to be able to even look at another woman in front of her. She's more relaxed now. When I first started, I thought I was a monogamous human being. But it turns out, I can do pretty much anything. But now I have to practice monogamy. Take it as a lesson. "I'd like to try this and see how it feels for both of us" rather than "I'm comfortable with this and you should be, too."
The boundary lines can be reset if he finds himself more attracted to the new partner and the new partner figures out that she does not like the idea of being shared.
My dad had a lot of things. I'm going through the things he left here and it is hard throwing them out, but I know that the goodwill doesn't want his underwear and socks. I'm only keeping the things that matter to me. I know that when I sell my house and move into a camper of my own that I'm going to have to be able to say, "I loved this for a very long time and now I can let it go." Or I'm going to pass on the photos to my nephew. I should send some of the stuff to my cousins. But... that's for another day. Making piles helps. Drink one less drink today. And one less tomorrow. You are allowed to make substitutions (we substitute addictions a lot). What's your favorite soda?
Ah, so water. I like my sodastream because I can put whatever I want in it. Alcohol has a lot of calories. More than we realize. I started making my own tonic water. I drink fewer gin and tonics now because I make my own tonic and I'm lazy. If you need a few bucks for a pizza, lmk. I'm supposed to be eating gluten for the next four weeks for another gluten test. We can commiserate together.
What silly name do you want to tell the vet tell other people call out to the neighborhood when they get away The Rhia sisters: Dia and Gonna or Pya Max Hedrum and Uncle Fucker Lemony and Snickett Partridge and A Pear Treet Chicken and Dinner
Snicker shack Snickers Twix the branches Twix the trees Twix the leaves
Cotton candy cottage
https://www.thesaurus.com/browse/cottage?s=t
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_chocolate_bar_brands
Tears to my reading teacher eyes.
Very sweet. I thought the eyeball was a finger, though.
Aquarius human beings are distant. That's our thing. Find out what interests him and learn about that and get him to discuss it with you.
We've been very good at sheltering in place these past 3 months. With the riots I've really wanted to get out to talk to my neighbors. But the virus keeps us in. We've been working on the house. The solitude has been awesome.
How would you?
You have two angles and one side. It is possible to determine the other sides with a calculator. Angle, Side, Angle
I kinda wish our first day of school was like this.
I could be non-monogamous but my wife wants us to be monogamous. I'm okay with this. I'm too loyal.
No, not the pupil in the eye. My own eyes had trouble distinguishing between his eyeball and a finger looking at me. I had to search for the finger on the cap of the can.
Perfect.
He's drunk. Let him sleep it off.
Does that say SEND NUBES?
Carrot Top is pretty agile these days.
asphyxia. Study it out.
What do you do when you are kicked in the balls/vag? You gonna take that? I don't understand why they had to arrest him in the first place. He was drunk. They could have just said we'll be back later with a warrant. He wasn't a harm to himself nor others. And if he was indeed drunk, why did they tell him to move his vehicle? Snag him with a DUI? If you can't handle the worst in people, you shouldn't be a cop.
If I am all, then there is no need for absolution. There is no need for confession. There is no need for pride. There is no need for boasting. There is no need for reward. It just is. I am all. That means there is no good nor evil. It just is. Even when it is not, it is. There is no such thing as nothing. There is just everything. All at once. Blows my mind.
cake
Routine. Video games. Tv without commercials. Reddit. Fark. Gardening. Rinse. Repeat.
Yees!
Depends on the change. My boss is leaving and I'm shutting down. Once someone has left, they are pretty much dead to me (unless they've made an attempt to get to know me outside of work). I cut ties. New start. No looking back.
It's a learning experience. Back in my hey day when I was doing most of the state, I had a lot of communications that failed. "I don't want to fuck someone who isn't into monogamy" that's okay cuz "I just want to fuck the entire state." We ended up fucking a lot then breaking up. It's okay. I wasn't the love of her life. She wasn't the love of mine. I was too new to the scene to know what I was doing. Told my now wife the same thing. She was fine with me fucking everyone until she wasn't. I had to give up my others, but I got to keep my play partners. It was a trade I was willing to make.
Herd immunity only works when everyone but one person who can't get a vaccine has immunity. NO ONE HAS IMMUNITY to this virus yet. It's a NEW virus. I don't know why they thought this was a good idea at the BEGINNING of a NEW virus.
I'm about halfway through. A couple have got me stumped. I'm not an exact kind of person and the trials you have to be very exact. Congrats!
I'm the hottest guy/gal you'll ever meet. The pick up lines are endless. When she says "you rock" and you know you're solid.
Basalt https://www.thesaurus.com/browse/lava
cake!
My dad ignored medical advice and died of renal failure. He said he'd rather live and die on the road than die in front of the tv. I will warn you that his last year and a half was awful.
That's 69 months!
What's it like being unemployed?
I literally spent 4 hours today packing all my shit. End of the year. And I demand my union steward. And. Nice.
Shock Doctrine is a thing. I think that the Gorsuch decision lies outside today's pandemic. I believe they heard the case before covid19 hit. "Gorsuch simply was showcasing his fidelity to rules of statutory interpretation -- relying on the plain text of the law -- that were championed by the late Justice Antonin Scalia." https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/15/politics/neil-gorsuch-supreme-court-lgbtq-rights/index.html I think conservativism has been creeping back since 2016 and now the pendulum might be swinging back...BLM, LGBT rights...etc.
Stop lying. And why do you believe that women's studies is bougie?
GDP growth in 2017 was 6.9 percent, making Romania one of the best performing economies in Europe. https://www.brookings.edu/blog/future-development/2018/06/05/romania-thriving-cities-rural-poverty-and-a-trust-deficit/ It isn't 1/3 live without an indoor toilet. It is 1/3 of RURAL people. One in five rural people lack access to potable water, and a third live without access to a flush toilet. Less than 1/4 live in poverty. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poverty_in_Romania
I once gave a two day midterm. You could come in, do what you wanted...see the WHOLE exam....go home and come back and finish it the first day back to regular class. That was a great year.
One reason why I maintain my weight is because I have this huge phobia about my belly skin. I've seen so many young people (and I'm old) who have lost weight and have the skin. What have you done to get over the mental issue?
Lucy's Lunch pad
Patty O'malley
/r/angryupvote
You spelled invisible incorrectly
One is awesome and the other is a horrible choice.
A systematic breakdown of society
Ban guns. It's a solution they don't want.
Sorry for my rudeness. Your post came off very offensive. Too much misinformation being spread.
"paint the whole movement as an unruly group supporting criminals" Even when you point out that Breonna was sleeping in her own bed, people will always find something criminal about her. The entire human race is criminal. The only reason I'm not in jail for terrorism (and I'm being serious) is because I'm white. I left stockings full of coal at the local banks and one bank took it seriously as a bomb. I could have gone to jail. I was an asshole to the cop. He didn't even put cuffs on me. Just gave me a stern talking to. We all have tickets. We all have pasts. There are some things I'm not proud of. But I got away with a lot cuz I'm white. A cop once told me that there are no legal cars on the street (he can find any reason to pull you over). We don't know Rayshard's story. Did he get into a fight with a partner and there was a kid in the bed room who got screamed at? That's how charges work. The last night I spent with my now ex-wife included me almost beating down the door at 4 am. I'm so lucky my neighbors didn't call the cops. The only martyrs are going to be ones who CHOSE to get arrested. Rosa Parks was CHOSEN by the movement to be THE ONE who was gonna get arrested. A few weeks before, an unwed mother, did the same thing and was harassed. But she COULDN'T be the face of the movement because she was, gasp, an unwed mother. Trayvon Martin, Tamir Rice, etc were doing what normal kids do, but they were black and were shot because of it. It all piles up. White guys beat up cops and don't get shot. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLClu1R4ImA When you see the disparity....you get angry. I'm not saying that the white guy needed to be shot. I think the problem, in fact, is a gun problem. But there is an element of race. Here in CT, we had a POC's car searched (cop pulled him over for having an airfreshener hanging from rear view mirror...but had also known the guy and harassed him before.) Guy puts his hands in pockets because he was nervous. Cops handcuff him and rough him up a little. In the background, another car, owned by a white guy, is being searched. That guy is not handcuffed. Guess which car had the illegal weapons.
Who let our secret out???
Yay! Another elder of the internet
Had a former student call me. She's now a hs graduate going to college.
You still around?
How many people did you know?
Fake it until you make it.
Many of us are practicing shelter in place and this is one of our few outlets. Many of us are very angry...angry at the world for being such fucking dumb asses.
question: on YT some wizard stashes show up in trial mode but when I play, there's no stash. Any ideas?
Do you know whose it is?
Get a tetanus shot.
It'll buff right out.
https://www.reddit.com/user/theZcuber msg this person
cake
They don't taste anything like they used to. Trust me. I'm going for celiac testing and can eat gluten for 4 weeks. They were on my list of things I'd like to eat again...and they were horrible.
Lucky to not have a face full of claws.
what might they have done to get into that situation?
This should be made into an official reddit cake award. Anyone at /r/art do that?
Umami Chicken Cluckin good chicken
And orb
Oh, and be careful if it is an electric toy. There is a slight fire hazard.
Abstain is a vote
Laundry and memory foam bed.
Only time I call out sick is when I'm puking. It isn't worth it. I'd go in with a cold, stay away from as many people as possible. Put some work on the board, and hold my head in the back as the kids worked.
Please clap.
All day I dream about sex
True story: My step-mother was okay that I, a female, had a girlfriend (R). When I brought R home to meet the family, my step-mother pulled me aside and said, "Why didn't you tell us R is black????" Didn't know she was a racist until that exact moment.
I didn't argue when my wife insisted that we buy a small couch with a pull out bed in it because "my children want to come and visit and they need a place to sleep." I did not say, "Honey, they never want to visit. They don't drive yet. And they don't even call you once a week." My step-kids are 22 and 24.
I hate using the chat feature on my phone.
I wish I had been diagnosed a lot earlier. I have two genes for it. Going for endoscopy in two weeks. I get the back rash. Never knew it was connected to gluten until 6 years ago. I say to myself, "I can deal with a back rash" and eat pizza. But I don't know what kind of damage I'm doing to my gut. It's like your teeth. Only brush the ones you want to keep. I wish my parents had made my health more important.
FLASHBACK!
I was listening to Pod Save America and a woman had a good point: Urban areas deserve the same policing as the suburban areas. We shouldn't feel like we are being watched constantly. 9 times out of 10 there is a cop sitting in a parking lot four blocks from my home. Cops are not good for stopping crime. Hell they aren't even good for solving crime. What are they truly good for?
Yes, the cop escalated the situation. Upvoted.
How much bacteria is in water? I really wish my soda stream bottles were not plastic (and glass bottles are too heavy for my fridge, currently).
I hope that this becomes your most upvoted comment of all time.
Fred Jones Tools for Teaching. Seriously. Saves me so much time and effort. I learned, my 3rd year in, that I have to make the kids work harder than I do. They should be writing WAY more than I could possibly read. Most of the stuff they wrote didn't warrant any feedback. National Writing Project (even if you aren't an ELA teacher) Join your local WP. The kids should be processing their own work. Set up time for them to DO the work, Share their work with others, Get feedback on their own work, Offer feedback to others, and Publish (make public) their final work. I stopped taking work home years ago. My supervisor casually asked if I was caught up on all my work because I never took a bag home. I started carrying an empty book bag. Now I don't even pretend any more. "All the work the kids do is on the computer" is my go to sentence.
I keep 7 soda stream bottles in my fridge. It is one of the smallest fridges you can buy for a kitchen. I think it is called a bachelor pad fridge.
Hey, if you wanna put people in there, that's on you, dude.
booooo!
Racism, Covid, and your problems will still be in Mexico. Don't do it. Work on bettering yourself before traveling. Your problems don't disappear when you cross a border.
I agree. But moving to a new country with $300 doesn't sound like a good idea. Maybe moving to a new state or hitting the travel road or living in a cardboard box outside your apartment complex for a few weeks or camping in a state forest. It is summer time and it is going to be really hot there. I'd move north for a little while.
Not the gin suppliers I frequent now, that's for sure!
cake
Not in my household. mom's molestor-boyfriend drank that buy the gallon.
Being from CT, I'll agree. I gotta put it on my list for next week.
Humble brag: I donated the government's $2400 pay off to the local food garage (foodbanks check ID, apparently).
Very neat.
Yes. Yes I do.
Erin Go Brow!
My favorite gin is distilled in Washington. It's Five O'clock Somewhere.
Wake me up when September comes...
Caldor
He better have shown up with pizza and or beer.
Hmmm
Then why did you post this, 16 days ago? https://www.reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/gxymqd/women_have_too_much_power_in_society_and_justice/
What conversations have you had that have helped you move along?
Realizing it and fully embracing the new you: two different things. Maybe he caught it afterwards because he realized he WAS being an asshole. Assholics slip some times. I tried to ask him about it but he deflected.
This
2/5/75 at 4:23 pm.
so much enjoyment. And do you celebrate when the stock market crashes, cuz I do! /not being sarcastic
Savvy SeaDog KnotDog NautDog Naut a Dog Goes By....
Exactly. But you still have to read them. Reading isn't just about words. You can read body language, tone, diagrams, etc.
How old are you? Is She bisexual/Lesbian? I'm a lesbian who would love a sexless male slave to do masculine things for me (help with yard work without being told HOW to do that job every single time, to help with house work, to sit in the corner speechless waiting for a command.)
Kampas (compass) Ambit Ambition Gamut (if you have dog mascot) Gamutt Gambit Gambyt Gambyte Purview Ken (to know, comes up for compass synonym) With Ken the world gets to know you, through us. Kyn ... because it's all related.
Intuit, we will get you in to it
[we called them rat turds when I was a kid](https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchen/peanut-butter-chocolate-no-bake-cookies-recipe-2015085)
rat turds! https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchen/peanut-butter-chocolate-no-bake-cookies-recipe-2015085
You're unstable
Got any eggs for Fats?
Do you want to tell a joke when you introduce yourself? Do you need a professional name? Do you go by Addy? Adelaide Yewlawstnite (would be the joke one) Addy Atallcaust Adelaide Anderson Do you have a middle name? Adelaide Rundabout Adelaide BeyCee (A. B. C.) Adelaide Zackery (A to Z) Adelaide Zenaith Adelaide Zymipher Adelaide Here's a list of germanic surnames and their meanings. https://www.thoughtco.com/german-last-names-1444607
Nextdoor is an open racist cesspool
in case anyone was wondering https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/hf3ku1/water_cooler_wednesday/
She seemed to be going through eggs very fast yet the amount in the carton remained the same.
Semen
"Here's the final exam. You can take it now. If you all get A's, there is NO homework for the entire year. But, if YOU personally get an F, you're homework is doubled." is the mean answer.
I'd find some zines online and order them. http://zineworld.org/zine_libraries.html You'd might be able to pick some up for free at places/conferences. Or make your own. Use your own resources. You might start with just some informational pieces from the state (I know. Sounds counter-intuitive) I ordered a bunch of health pamphlets from the department of health in my state. Came for free. Got 50 of them, I think. You can start with basic information. Consent, etc. And you can scatter them about town. Photocopy them first.
US said that after GWB. Don't fucking jinx them.
"
Yeah. The man is a reading god!
drugs? Was she handing out drugs? /I'm glad she's back. //be extra careful now. She might have enjoyed her outside time and try to get out more. ///my father let my cats out on leashes and they became outdoor cats ////I love not having a litter box in the house edit: this is the turtle post, not the cat post. I still stand by my comments, though :)
Oddly enough, so am I.
This gives me PTSD
I sent the article from american military news to my new niece in law who is in the military. Her husband, my nephew by marriage, wouldn't even look at it if I sent it to him. He comes from a white immigrant family who hates immigrants.
We are getting some much needed rain today.
Got my teaching degree. Spent a miserable year as a secretary. Spent 3/4 of a year being a paraprofessional 40 minute commute... all the while putting applications into all surrounding districts. Got a phone call. They wanted me to be a sub. I said no. I had just earned health benefits (earning $7.25 hr). Permanent sub? No. Health benefits. 4 month trial without promise of employment next school year. Do I sign a contract with the union? Yes. Yes. I'll take your job. That was 21 years ago and rarely looked back. My unpaid internship was student teaching, but I was paying for the experience and it was during school hours. I will tell you that I have recommended to my inner-city students to go to the local barbershops and tell them you are willing to sweep floors for two weeks, just to get a foot in the door. Most of my students have no idea how to get a job. They don't follow up on interviews. There's little internal motivation in many of my students. I want them to be happy. I don't want them to end up in jail because some cop decided their activities are not socially acceptable.
Bee Your Self Farm Wax on Waxing Lackadaisical Farm (might be tough to google) Lavender Fields Forever Purple Haze Farm The Bee Hive Bee Juice Farm Happy Bee Home Bee Joyful Farm Bee Tall Juice Farm Bee Good To Yourself Farm Makes Scents Farm Purple Daze Farm A Bee Sea Farm (if you are in near the water) Waxing Poetic Farm
cake
Next time you are in a NP, can you make sure you stay on approved paths? These is delicate vegetation and habitat living off path. You may not see it there, but it is there. Also, surprise rainfall can make things very dangerous for you (and the park ranger who has to come get you).
Right. Stay home as much as possible and keep your masks on. I was talking to my wife the other day and said I wish that there were faux masks for people who couldn't full wear masks so that it looked like compliance (so people like me wouldn't feel the desire to tell you to mask the fuck up....I said desire...I know some people can't wear masks full time...I'm actually one of them. But I have a real strong desire to tell people to wear masks.)
Lexi took the week off. Sherry is filling in.
Have you looked into (for the future if you travel a lot) into a thermostat regulated by a phone app? This way, two days before your return you can start to cool the house down.
I heard we are all down for shaking babies!
Cake
Good irish joke.
Groan, but one ive never heard.
"Nobody is going to wear fake masks. LOL" Saw people wearing homemade knitted masks that had LARGE stitches. So yes. People are wearing fake masks.
"Fly like an eagle, to the sea"
I'm not romantically involved with any of my bottoms/submissives. The only person I'm romantically involved with is my hedonistic wife, who claims she is not a submissive...she is a bottom but hates admitting it. I have about 7 male bottoms/submissives that I play with. Mostly I beat them until they are done or my wrists hurt. One is my pet, whom I do not beat. I made the mistake of making one of them cum once. I don't do that any more. They become more clingy after that. I have enough responsibilities of my own without adding that.
We even had people who brought us pizza. Those people definitely fit into the whole group project. I can't stand that we are going to be punished another few months because of the actions of a few assholes.
Tamir Rice was just playing with a toy gun
Tanks for all the Fish (thanks for all the fish) At the CarpWash
You betta believe it You betta I can
Mentors and mentees should not be in relationships. my two cents.
It's going to be tough for mods, even tougher for the OPs. People are angry and anger comes out in all forms. I think the mods over at /r/anarchism utilize a rotation of mods that includes self-nomination with voting.
Making friends is much better than aiming guns at them.
Made it just for you! https://old.reddit.com/r/wipipo/
I saw that. I can't believe how stupid that pass was.
I've been slowly attempting to take potential subreddits before racists take them.
When I was your age I went to the doctor complaining about bleeding after a bowel movement. I casually also mentioned that I'm lactose intolerant. His sage (old man) medical advice: Just drink milk. I suffered for years. I finally said to myself, You got health insurance. Go get this looked at. I had a sphincter problem. New Dr. (enjoyed being called "The Rear Admiral") snipped my sphincter. Said I'd still bleed a bit, but nothing like I used to. I had a tight asshole. I'd love to slap that old doctor with a shit sock.
&gt; Hikari Sinking Carnivore Pellet Thanks! Chewy.com has something close to them so that's awesome. Already in my cart! I'm gonna get it right eventually.
He's always hungry. I feel bad when I don't feed him. But they said that he can eat and eat and eat.
Yup. That's what the old fart told me.
fingers (lowercase) and ty.
Could be that a lot of people quit/retired at the end of the year and they are scrambling between hiring and figuring out IF they are going to need bodies in the classroom in the fall. A job is a job, is my saying. Taje the interview as a lesson.
I don't know if trials are really worth it any more. You have to be so specific with placement and timing. I end up watching the YT videos for a hint as to HOW to beat them ... and that's not fun.
Faux sausage BBQue? Grilled Please (grilled cheese) Fauxages Fo'Meat, Fo'Sho Faux Meat, Faux Sho! Vegan Do It (We can do it) Vegan Grill it (we can grill it) Vegan Grill it? Yes, vegan!
