Buffalo why.
Especially due to the geography of the Pac. A lot of conferences probably have a neutral stadium for the CCG far from one or two of the schools (say 10+ hours of driving). But the Pac has at least 5 from what I checked from Levi Stadium, and the Oregon schools are also about 9 themselves.
At least.
Yea parading it after a stop is a little on the weird and creepy side
Like 40. It would take an amazing loss to disregard Alabama's season.
I need one more off-season. On reddit, I basically run on reading people's anger at things they consider irrational and unlawful.
I wish I could see OU-UCF with Milton. That shit would-be been 74-63 in regulation.
Both MW Division winners are ranked. Asa result the winner is basically guaranteed to rise. The NY6 bowl goes to the highest ranked conference winner. So it's just incredibly unlikely it goes to anybody other than the MW winner if UCF loses.
Why are you napping on CCG Saturday?
You're still a force to reckon with. I wouldn't want to play against Memphis honestly.
I love the flashlight+Zombie Nation combo for UCF kicks.
McKenzie -&gt; Kenzie -&gt; KZ
Have these guys been wearing leis in game?
Technically still need to win their bowl for two years. But still 25-0 is unreal.
Honestly my favorite football across a whole conference.
Let's go Fresno.
I love the flashlight+Zombie Nation combo for UCF kicks.
Whoever you face UCF. Kill them. Charge on.
I get UCF D is "special" at times but how do you let somebody average 20 yards a carry.
And the second year was with a whole new staff. Extremely impressed.
Oh real quality schadenfreude
Only MoV less than 20
Probably UGA. UGA still looks like a better team than Ohio State, Michigan or UCF. Clemson is their only argument against them in this scenario.
It's Zach Smith obviously.
Because it was the wanted play. So now they do the play again or they choose a less ideal one.
I don't have any expectations coming into this. It could be Ohio State, it could be Oklahoma, or maybe still Georgia. Hell, I don't even think bumping out Notre Dame is out of the question yet and put both OU and OSU in if that's their prerogative. The only thing I'm certain of is people are going to be very irate whenever it comes out. Kentucky, be seeing ya.
Not quite, UNC still needed to recover an onside kick. Get the TD. Make a 2-point conversion... to *tie* and go into OT.
There was merits to both and I wouldn't have had a problem either way.
That's division winner Pitt to you.
With even more disappointment.
So where's he off to now?
Extremely well said.
They really do, don't they.
For real. Who do you think you'll look towards? Promote internally or find an up-and-coming OC?
Oh there's plenty. Sleazy, scummy, shady, unethical, hypocritical, amoral, bad, the list goes on.
What's your reasoning?
Why is cut blocking essential to the triple option? Alternatively asked: why can't you run a triple option play (as effectively) with a standard block?
It's Hawaiian time man.
I don't think the words "grog" and "fancy" are allowed in the same sentence.
I had time before my new job and I had dedicated some of it to learning all the teams and nicknames. I can't separate CUSA from SB entirely but otherwise I can get all the schools and the other 8 conferences.
A group of some people is fine. The problems lie in representation percentage and a secret process that suggests conspiracy.
Gotcha. It's the fairest point though. People want to laugh and roll their eyes at White, but he's giving what he thinks is his best strategy and I don't see why people are against UCF for wanting to attain this. The neutral field idea should be reasonable.
Phonetically, you'd say her apartment is "one eye" if you weren't trying to read it as a math problem.
I read it the same way
Army-Navy directly contradicts that, as well as other make-up games played the weekend of the CCGs. So, it suggests that they only have to be played after all conference teams have completed their conference schedule.
Basically. Give space, and don't restrict them.
If Georgia is good then why did they lose to an overrated LSU?/s
So why Tulsa?
It's like 4 years overdue honestly.
Concerning byes: Why don't we consider having the play-in games be non-bowl titled games (or "new" bowl games) during Army-Navy weekend? One Friday, one Saturday night (or all three in the 3 Saturday slots). If the problem is a bye week, I feel like the displacement of 3.5 weeks versus 4.5 weeks is less significant than 1 v. 2 weeks. Teams that are 11-1 playing in the run-off obviously have a bye week over when against a conference winner, but that's far more fair in my opinion than the alternative.
If you aren't double fisting, then start.
Nothing. That's the silly part.
So hardcore of you.
Mods should just keep it up for fun. Tis the season.
Gimme G5 super conference.
Honestly, I love the weekday games for CFB. I don't care about NFL, I don't give a shit about high school ball. Weekday CFB is a way to give me more opportunities to watch more teams. There's 4 time blocs on Saturday. Realistically, I'm only taking in 1 game each bloc. Maybe jumping back and forth I can watch 2-ish but not really. With Thursday night AAC/ACC &amp; Friday Pac, I get to watch another 2-4 games a weekend. And a couple more in the late season thanks to MACtion. I know it doesn't put assess in the seats but it gives me a chance to watch teams I don't normally do and that's great for me.
Not if the silly autobid thing were to happen. Then it would actually lessen NDs chances.
It's worse than Kansas!
Agreed. It's not that common that it happens. But it happen often enough that it would prefer to be avoided.
Yeah Houston being as hot as UCF is now wasn't too long ago. But Applewhite has worked hard to wipe that reputation out of the books.
You are able to take the 100- and 200-level courses without any obligation. But you would still be expected to be in full participation, which includes PT 3-4 days a week, the 2 1-hour classes, and the Thursday lab.
Sure you're still in it, but you aren't required to sign any of the contracts or anything. It's probably still an easy A class (like it was for me); the only struggle is waking up early a few times a week.
Yeah, it's like he forgot about North Dakota State.
{Boise State} with the win.
10-12 seems pretty expectant.
Feeling a little extra Grinchy today, aren't we?
Good lord, that might be the easiest schedule next year. 2 FCS, 3 bottom feeders, and their second best game will probably be a .500 Air Force or Tulane.
My guess is since the GPA is calculated to the second decimal, then no.
Man what did we ever do to you.
Badger/wolverine. Angry balls of muscle.
And/or name-brand schools.
I'd like to see watered-down versions of VGC and OU-style teams. Something that actually has a sense of synergy within the team rather than just the typing, or in your examples just irrelevant similarities. Something along the lines of: * Weather * Pranksters * Hazards * Stall Alternatively, make use of the various battle modes * Double * Triple * Inverse * Rotation
For real. A free set of hockey/football/basketball tickets is for sure a nice one to compensate with.
That's not shitposting, that was a serious investigation and plausible.
Pack it up folks, we're done here.
So yeah, John O'Neill is just that awful. Rest of the B1G is pretty passable in my opinion, but O'Neill and his crew are contentious for the worst in the NCAA.
Serious questions: * What's up with Purdy's torn sleeves? * Considering it's done intentionally, isn't it illegal to "alter" uniforms?
I bet he sells McAfee
Including on your your 2-PC
Mods' consistency of removing shitposts is non-existent.
Not that I felt confident against Kentucky, but I feel way less confident now.
But is it worse than Maryland?
At least they stopped doing Dec 31st.
Diaz. Whoever UGA's or Bama's coordinators are. Heupel?
Been quietly rooting for Temple since you guys beat us in 2015 or whenever. This just blows. Does the AD panic and hire Foley now? I certainly hope not.
I'd do that with any job honestly.
These are the same folks that hired Applewhite after all, correct?
His best year by stats was his freshman though. Serviceable yeah, but he regressed (or at best went stagnant) under Franklin and Donovan
I like the idea of every AAC but UCF scheduling a 2:1 with an SEC.
Isn't the Cotton Bowl the only way this is plausible? I'm not sure I just recall that getting mentioned.
For what it's worth every year the final CFP ranking included at least 2 teams with 2+ losses in the top 8 (2016 being the chaos year with 4). I do agree with you generally overall. More football is always good with me but expanding to 16 would probably require a decent overhaul to the season as a whole.
During the 2000's it was a solid cast, to include (as seen above) Key &amp; Peele. Key's [Coach Hines](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0_gW4yBwHU) was an instant-classic bit.
I think what LP did to introduce was intentionally experimental not because of the developers but because it's a core - style but a new branch. So because it was the assigned guinea pig GF in general wanted to take risks on it. Of course, you could still be right.
Yeah the answer has to be UCF.
Has to be Pat at NU
Chris Ash is still at RU?
Unsurprising. Life is generally controlled by the older generations and usually with good reason. But the following generation is typically the next leap in some social aspect or another (peace, economy, sustainability, etc.). It's not surprising that some authors would write about youth succeeding the older generation because who hasn't had a thought they could do something better than their parent or boss or teacher?
I knew a guy who had double National Defense by being a West Point cadet, left and completed ROTC later on.
Yes.
Baffling isn't it?
Fuck Ft. Pickett and all my soldiers' drama.
This sounds a little personal.
Last year I said I wanted to go to an away game and I did, to E. Lansing. So I'm hoping to do that again but get to Blacksburg.
Why would Dragonite be impossible?
Well Rey at the time wasn't doing it just to the point of saving the galaxy. She was also doing it partly out of revenge of killing her parents. Once Palpatine would die his tether of the Dark Side would be released. With her intent to avenge her parents and her constant fear of the Dark Side she would be extremely susceptible to come under it. We can say she's killing him for the galaxy butt it's easy to know there's underlying personal, emotional, reasons. At least that's my vague understanding of it.
It's pretty much the entirety of the Dark Side coming into her, that's about as much as I can figure.
Outside of O'Neill crew I would generally say yeah they're acceptable. But it's popular to just scream and cry a crew is garbage even if the game was overall unremarkable in penalties/no-calls.
That's a very intriguing idea and I like the novelty of it. The hard part would be establishing a new type for each existing one is a large expanse to not accidentally allow one or two to be OP.
What a great little piece of insight.
Tennessee might be on a 5-win streak, but the only great win out of that is Kentucky. UAB (and Mizzou) is an okay win, but the other ~~3~~ 2 were not impressive in the slightest. My bet is still with Tennessee though.
No they haven't, even some of their wins have been pretty narrow in the back end of the season. They put up a fight against us, which makes me think y'know the threat is there, but I could just as easily make that argument about Tennessee from the Bama game.
I'll agree on Mizzou; it's at least an okay win. I hadn't realized they're at least .500 because they didn't go bowling (thus, I mistook them for being 5-7). Might seem silly, but I think the difference of &lt; .500 to break even is a pretty distinct threshold.
This is the guy who hired Kendal Briles after his firing from Baylor. Kiffin takes these PR hits because they're not substantial enough if the results pan out. Personally I think the Briles hire was worse than this one.
I mean that's pretty easy to believe. Morality aside, Art Briles was a great coach. Texas is huge on football, so I think parents who see the potential for their kid to play an upper level find development under a former FBS coach might make the effort to get into that school's zone.
Shit, the state of PA is home to at least 4 accents (not all necessarily exclusive to PA), wouldn't be surprised if it has 6 or 7. Accent diversity in the US is larger than we think. There's actually a bit at the beginning of Tom Sawyer or Huck Finn where Mark Twain mentions there will be the representation of something like 7 accents; but all southern.
It also has to do with several allegations that Durkin promoted a very toxic culture. Granted, I think him being not even a full coordinator should hopefully neuter his impact on those regards, but I still have raised eyebrows about the hire.
Which is a great decision. There is a lot of margin for failure, and little room to improve. You don't get the luxury of taking a swing on an up-and-comer in this situation; the coach has to be proven and at-worst equal to Harbaugh.
I only mean to remark that people tend to not realize how many accents there are in America. Generally it seems like people only acknowledge about 6 or so across the nation (east coast, west coast, southern, midwestern, New England, and NYC) but there's loads more than people realize. It might not be as many as England, but it's certainly more than what it's expected at a glance.
Yeah, honestly you're not getting an elite QB for 4 years anyway. If the start as a freshman and are great for the first 3 years they're gone. I'd rather the team just keep shitting out elite QBs than not regardless how they get to the school.
Isn't a hot take a highly controversial or outlandish opinion? So a cold take isn't a flop of a take, it's one that's grounded on reasonable assumption in good likelihood. A cold take would be "Michigan is going to kill Appalachian State" because it wasn't likely App State would win, not because they actually did.
We still got about a third of the game left. If you don't know Indiana football, they can absolutely still blow this.
Shiner Cheer is fucking awesome.
I can't argue against this logic.
He left just before PSU's Fiesta Bowl, so about 2 years and a couple weeks.
That actually makes loads of sense. He's familiar with the area anyway from his stint at UConn. For now, he's probably falling back to an OC position; I'm not sure if he'd be considered hard for the BC job.
I don't get why their current running backs not just run faster.
How 'bout no?
I mean, you could just as easily write out the month like military (31DEC2020) or just casual, Dec 31, 2020
Willie Taggart imrpoved *2* directional schools, Miami should hire him.
Shit, get Clay Helton on the phone, this is going to be big. We're gonna make Miami the Nick Saban CfCWCCGaWLHtdOST East, but it's gonna be without any of the improvement aspects.
Wouldn't the incoming get off fairly easily if they were going to end up red-shirting anyway? The ones that would be expected to start would be another matter.
I think that just shows outrage on the internet is just a very vocal minority. The reality of the situation is, a lot of people are okay with what SS is. Plus, for now, OU is something of a fresh breath without the presence of some of those standard ND OU Pokemon. I would wager ND tiers grow when people start to miss certain Pokemon and schemes.
&gt; Once you've been consistently competing for national titles for 3-4 seasons is when general fans turn from loving you as an upstart to despising you Props for UCF for accomplishing it in less than a year then.
For real, if anyone can make Charlotte look like a decent CUSA team, they're probably an above average coach. Ignoring the 40s (which are literally incomplete data apparently), this is their first season over .500 (or even at .500). It's hard to just make something out of nothing.
Subs like this (TIFU, ProRevenge) are story-telling subs a majority of the time. There's a lot of flair/accents to the stories that set the tone and delivery of where OP wants to aim in order to satisfy the audience's expectations. But this sub is entirely attractive to validation. I get the direction/intent of it, but I feel like few of the threads (top ones at least) are actually trying to determine if what they did was an overreaction.
McAfee will be my primary reason I watch the XFL.
People will argue it's *only* because of the players, but, I think he was. Obviously Saquon, Gesicki, and the rest contributed heavily into our offense being so great, but he was still the one leading it, and I highly doubt we would've been anywhere near as good in 2016 and 2017 if we still had Donovan, or had Rahne been thrown into the deep end without time to learn. I think if he were to end up at ND, he'd perform just as well as he did for us.
Since you're pretty weak to Electric I might suggest a Lightning Rod user. Either Manectric or Raichu could work decently, getting a boost to Sp. Atk. and having 100% Thunder. Outside of that I would try to find something that works for cover/protection of your core but has no reliance on rain.
It's not about affording, it's about not wanting.
I mean Hoopa was the source for the legendaries in ORAS. They could easily just have Hoopa warp Eternatus.
Jesus it's absurd some of the immediate downvotes here.
&gt; I know they used RO water, but not sure if that matters. It doesn't. They had their own filtration in place on it anyway. I know this because one time a waiter gave us a 3 minute spiel on how amazingly clean the water was. Like, yeah, you make beer. I sort of expect that you're not just pumping it from the backyard's hose. Which I think lends credit to this atmosphere that didn't jive. Like, BG does it with their uniform and, yeah, it's a little snooty, but it's just their uniform. The rest of the atmosphere is easy-going and pub/cafe-like which is on top of having actually good or better beer.
A big turnoff was the environment feeling so sterile. It really came off as trying this sleek and modern feel that most of Pittsburgh, let alone Homestead itself, does not really reciprocate in either culture or establishments. As far as there being worse beer, probably. But I'm not sure about it being so consistent mediocre as theirs was.
I don't think there's any mind games to the exact "when" you pay a statement. Pay your statement **no later than the due date**, and pay your statement **in full.** That's all you need to do.
But you just said it's priceless, so why would you sell it for only a billion dollars then?
Doesn't appear so based on Wikipedia and their main webpage.
CLEMSOFF
REVIVE THE AAF
/r/XFL has taken them in, even have their flairs.
Alternatively the rumored problem that they actually had importing issues seems plausible. Not that they had to rebuild the models, but that they got some of them imported and then the thing shit the bed somehow. So decided to make up an excuse until they could fix the software and get the rest imported. Otherwise, yeah the strategy itself (especially considering the price increase) seems just business centric and greedy.
I'm banking on a deluxe version eventually. I haven't gotten a Switch yet, so I'm not stressing it quite yet.
That's why he said "been waiting 30 minutes"
I think TLJ did a *lot* to dissuade people from thinking most of the new movies are anything but bad. I think it's more fair to say Solo and the TRoS are just "okay" and TFA was a small step above that. At the end of it, the lack of continuity and hiring Rian Johnson for 8 just deconstructed so much that it made 9 impossible to exceed anything but a rushed and cramped story arc. And Solo really was just okay.
I'm just not up for spending so much on games. Seldom are games what I consider reasonably priced. So wanting to go to one is super iffy. Which brings me to my next point: Fuck Ticketmaster and their up-ticked bullshit fees. I bought tickets to PSU@MSU direct, *online*, from MSU's ticket office for $50/seat roughly at the 40. The total fee price was like $2.75.
Dude is clearly a POG ^^saystheofficer...
Wife and I sat in front of the 6-man Penn State student section and it's awesome, lol.
And haven't won half the championships since 2014.
For real, absolutely no direction. The most they did was gelling the concussion/amnesia from the goalpost into Big Fan.
I'm humored by the fact our top 2 games are: 1. A high-quality Ohio State loss 2. Crushing a severely overhyped Maryland I do question what's considered garbage possessions though, considering some of these scores.
I have a handy little clipping of a table I made at home. Unfortunately, imgur is blocked at work, so I can't share it. What it is though is just a simple table of every major NCAA tournament (FCS, M&amp;W basketball, M NIT, M hockey, and a few others, like soccer, maybe W volleyball). What it showed was that on average, a typical NCAA tournament is about 20% of the field, and has just under half as autobids (the anomaly to autobids is the NIT). We have a 3% representation. It just sucks.
Nuclear/radiation just has an awkward overlap in any niche of itself. It's a natural element, so it could be precluded to rock. It produces heat, which has overlap to fire type. It's commonly associated with power just as electric type is. It's mutation-inducing can be attributed to poison type. The only "feature" that can stand alone is its sterotyping as this green-glowy stuff. Although, you can have a lot of type-combos that would be representative of nuclear/radiation which is cool.
Seems more like their disdain for Charizard or Mewtwo is specifically grounded in Genwunners and not on the Pokemon themselves. If it was Blaziken or Groudon instead in Gen I it would probably be the same hatred.
Voice acting is expensive, and li'l ole GameFreak is just an indie dev company. Really though, VA would probably be a right call as hesitant as I am to say I want it.
Yeah, it seems like a terrible idea because we've spent 20+ years in text bubbles, but it's also just time to move on from that. Story-telling could be vastly improved through it. The ability to keep a tempo in dialogue, and convey emotions through tone are major improvements.
Nobody is forgetting that, they just have a differing opinion to you given the conditions.
HMs are a cool use of lock-and-key. I think my main faults with it are: * fast travel shouldn't be restricted to having the Pokemon in your party (Eon Flute was the best implementation of this) * the moves shouldn't be straight up mediocre (Rock Smash or Cut) * moves that are mediocre should be readily deletable or not relevant in late-game * there shouldn't be an overabundance of them Overall, I like the presence of HMs for the same reason you do. It felt like more an achievement getting and teaching that HM than it did using Tauros in Sun and Moon. But, there's a bad case in a good number of the games of needing several HMs (gens 2, 3 (also 6), and 4 immediately come to mind). Really, FRLG probably had the best use of them out of the games that had them * 7 HMs, but only 6 in the main game * 3 were optional, including fast-travel Fly * 1 (Cut) had no use in the main game after roughly the 4th gym * Cut could be used as a shorcut, or for obtaining nearby items in the post-game The games really need to not have it so punishing when exploring optional areas to have that exact HM. It'd be nice if you could get to an area by choice of rock climb, or waterfall; you could navigate a cave with either strength for a shortcut, or get there earlier with rock smash.
So the fault in this argument is you're assuming you're paying $60 for a noticeably improved game. Something that we haven't seen since BW2 in seven-and-a-half years now. You are putting stock in this ideal condition where you get what you want versus a reality that is Game Freak hasn't produced something like that in quite some time. In the pairs released since BW and its sequels we've had: * no follow-on or DLC * no follow-on or DLC * mildly modified storyline and extended features * DLC scheduled
Also, for those that don't watch it, something happened where the Ditto was no longer to use Struggle making this an even more terribly exhausting thing to go through.
/r/stunfisk is the competitive subreddit, but you're going to need a lot more detail to this. What are your natures, EV spreads? Technically this isn't even a team yet because you haven't even filled it all together. What game mode are you aiming to play, Smogon, VGC, BattleSpot? Second this team is horribly weak to ground, and Earthquake is one of the most popular moves in competitive, and you don't even have something that can comfortably switch into it.
Only if they give some amount of a recency bias (which you would figure they would).
Football power Index, it's right there on the page. But for real, there's an entire paragraph of a description.
Oh you definitely did.
Big note. This is just the very first shout of accusations and defenses that we'll see across the way.
I'm a realist, so I think it is almost guaranteed that there is a kernel of truth in this claim (there's a reality that there is hazing in so many clubs/groups but especially in competitive ones). Whether it's actually just a kernel or an entire crop is left to time for now until more information comes out.
Technically, you wouldn't need anything more than just a Gen VII game. You could in theory trade for every Pokemon through that. But that's exhaustingly slow. What you (reasonably) only need is a version each of XY, Alpha Sapphire/Omega Ruby, and Ultra Sun/Moon. You would only need a single 3DS for this, since you would plop everything into the Bank. You could trade for the two dozen or so exclusives that would exist throughout the other half of the pairs of games. This is nice, because the older games can't really get picked up on the cheap.
That makes a lot of sense in that context. I only know it as like calling for something, like they were trying to Beetlejuice/Bloody Mary the guy.
Red/Blue or Gold/Silver? No, not possible. Ruby/Sapphire/FireRed/LeafGreen yes; but it requires a regular DS and a 3DS to do so, along with a game from Gen IV, V, and VI.
[Live footage of Orgeron and Reporter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jC7NKkjCe0). [Satire, just so you don't get your hopes up.]
No, but an 0-1 start is pretty foreboding.
*Clemson has a Dabo problem.*
I thought UH stood for Houston and thought WSU straight up hired a G5 coordinator for a P5 HC job and thought it was the craziest hire I've ever seen. UH standing for Hawaii, and that was their HC makes so much more sense.
I assume that's also how Let's Go and Go connect as well? And that's even more distant than Switch to DS.
Like the other fella said, a new type has to serve a purpose in balance. If it can't fill an intended role that is constructive to the game, then it wouldn't be worth adding. I might suggest instead that you have a few Pokemon that might have Ancient or Modern forms instead. Rather than whole new typings, you can redefine the typings. Example of this would be like Primals. Or, perhaps the fossil Pokemon can be "purified" with their possible rock typings removed (or just "original" abilities or stats if Rock typing should be retained). You may also be able to upgrade Pokemon such as Porygon, Magnemite, or Rotom-utilities into beyond forms. This can provide the juxtaposition that you want to serve between the two facets.
I have no experience in even concept design let a lone a major project. The purified fossils isn't even an original idea. But this site is always filled with people willing to give suggestions. You just gotta sift through the stuff that's been done and told.
It's not strange. It's synergy. He would be looking for cases against the school just as much as a plaintiff would be looking for somebody who's gone up against it. You might be right that he doesn't like the school or Franklin, but it could also just be business for him.
To my knowledge, I think it actually depends on each type of cartridge, since different amounts were made of each one. In general, yeah they're fairly rare.
To be conservative, if Ultra Sun was 4 GB and Sword was 10 GB, you would still not use *half the available space* if you assumed all of USs size was dedicated to Pokemon models. By no means would it have been a stretch capacity-wise. Like you said, it's far more a tight schedule that influenced what it was.
Definitely a giant roadrunner to me.
Outside of GSC, I've never had the need to grind anywhere until the Elite 4 (at least to anything beyond a level or 2). The available trainers in the game along the way are enough to get me a team to 40+ which is sufficient for rolling through the gym leaders.
Yep. There's a lot of creative interpretations and disregard for known facts in this. Probably just a young teen way back in the day with an interest for writing.
Well, BYU isn't P5.
Those are likely personal re-makes/bootlegs. While, yeah, they may play the same, they may also have some playing errors, compatibility issues etc.
This isn't a new idea, and probably gets brought up for a variety of reasons (difficulty increase, adapting to a more open game world). It would be a good idea to improve replay value, but GF doesn't have that focus.
At a soft guess, Heatran, Infernape, Blissey, and Garchomp would be some viable choices.
I would absolutely concur. There's no extra satisfaction to me playing on the consoles themselves. In fact, the ability to toggle speeds and texts is nice for less painful play-throughs.
Lol the poll ranked Texas.
That's pretty cool.
Nope you'd have to look at each individual voter.
Except you'd be requiring everybody to submit before like 1 PM EST every Sunday. Additionally, you probably wouldn't see the "variation" you would hope to see. This is a hobby and people have lives, chores, families to attend to. Give them time. If you didn't, the poll would just be rushed and people would be less willing to think critically because they have to get it submitted in time, and they need to get on with their day. Hell, on the Pacific, some'd have like an hour, 2 possibly. Similar to how we sometimes see the AP play "catch-up" with the CFP committee, people would probably readjust based on what last week's AP had. Or if people started bitching about them voting "too safe" then they might try to just do something egregious so they don't get bitched at. Also, while you may not bitch about it, loads of people bitch about computer polls because they think pollsters do it trying to be "original". And yeah, some have some silly ass systems in place, a lot of them have statistical precedence. So the whole thing is damned if you do, damned if you don't. The best thing they can do is give people the time to do the poll critically, not hurriedly.
Lol that Florida fan. Edit: A valid response had the Sun Devils #1.
If it is, it's probably more on the precedence that this is a no-news kind of story and it would just stir the pot without providing any real info. Hell, the last third of the article is about Piazza; likely because of word count expectations.
It would be doubly smart and hilarious if Michigan hired an "Ohio State analyst"
Yeah, sure he could be making 4-6 mil a year, but hey, 2-ish is pretty okay too.
You got a raccoon living in your walls. Take action regardless.
First, there is an edit function on comments. This guy has his shortcomings, but who do you hire? In spite of his struggle in big games he's still 47-18. That's a great record. It's extremely unlikely you're just going to waltz your way from a coach that does that to someone who can do better. Sure, there's cases of LSU and UGA who have been able to make those improvements. But then there's Nebraska, USC, Florida State, Miami, Florida all programs that did struggle or still are struggling to recover from losing/firing their top-end coach. Even OU is decently lucky to have a guy that can show up in the CFP even though they don't always play to that level when they get there. Firing Harbaugh has to be a home-run hire because the ceiling can barely get any hire.
I believe they all would have. At the very least, Fred, George, and Ron would've recognized the name since Sirius Black was such a notorious figure at the time and they were friends with Harry they probably would've known better/asked questions about the events to know Harry's situation a little better.
Okay, but Harbaugh's a good coach, that's not the problem. The question is who do you hire that you *know* is better and will come there? Michigan isn't in a position where taking a leap of faith on the G5 Flavor of the Year is the right move. They need somebody who is absolutely proven in all facets and (at-worse) can continue the performance Harbaugh has built in his tenure. Anything else will cause problems. What does Michigan do when the next guy is 24-12 after 3 years, still hasn't beaten Ohio State, still hasn't won a good bowl, still hasn't won the division? Do you fire *that* guy to hire somebody new? So, who do you hire that's proven? Chryst? Mullen? Can you convince these guys to move? That's the other huge problem.
So double down on UGA winning the east again, I'm guessin'. *But* do they win the SEC this year?
Yeah, I say double-down a little in jest; Florida will be nothing to scoff at still, and they might be pretty terrifying offensively. I would still give advantage UGA for the east, but it's definitely not a thing to start sizing rings now.
The taming of Harbaugh has been a disappointment to me. But obviously from my prior comments I disagree with taking a gamble coach (like I called it the Flavor of the Year kind of coaches; Taggart, Frost, Fleck). I think you make those moves when you don't really have a whole lot else to lose. Harbaugh's Michigan has been fairly consistent in performance and I think that you could throw any coach and they could continue that performance for the next year, possibly 2. A bust of a hire can deceptively take that foundation apart before the record starts to show that. So where do you go from there?
OPP was always a funny business to me. I never quite understood how their routing worked for the roads and sidewalks. I'd walk to do ROTC shit at 5:40 in the morning and I'd see them chit-chatting by their cars before starting their day. I'd come back at 7:10 and see everything around Pollock dorms salted, their little Gators flinging it everywhere; plows pushing all the snow off the sidewalks. Then I'd go to Forum for a 10AM and the walkways at Curtin and Shortlidge would be fucking ice rinks.
I would imagine if he turned this down it might already be secured.
It's also not unheard of to simply re-contract to later dates.
Apparently the Trojans care very much about that, but honestly, I don't see a problem with scheduling it. Tune-up games can be a very essential thing for a season's success. Plus, what are the odds they just end up with UConn or NM State?
You guys get some facilities access with your contract don't you?
Don't Ability capsules swap to a random one of the other base two when used on a HA?
Overall, a reasonable team. Prepare for Meganium to be somewhat underwhelming. If you want Energy Ball, you'll have to grind for it at the Frontier. Other than that you're dependent on some slower battling (screens, Toxic, Leech Seed) or just powering through with Giga Drain/Solar Beam. On the plus, you can also keep some HMs on it so you don't need to swap out for an extra slave all the time. HGSS is terrible for a level curve, so you might find yourself a little underleveled towards Gym 8 and the elite 4 by keeping 5 Pokemon around. I might suggest not using Xatu and waiting to catch Lugia since it'll be available for most of Kanto, and at level 70. This would keep your other Pokemon just a little higher, and less frustrations.
In a way, yeah you do. Lugia/Ho-oh aren't locked by version. One will be available before the E4 (at like Level 45) and the other around your 10th badge at level 70. For what it's worth I don't think there's any value lost in using a legendary, but there is frustration about grinding by spreading out the experience too thin, that's just my opinion.
It'd probably be terrible.
A lot of these seem like adding types for the sake of typing. Like nothing is there thematically/by design to suggest a large majority of these. Sudowood's whole shtick in being rock is that it's actually not a grass-type. Adding it completely defeats the mimicry of the design.
If they left anyone to do it. Besides the fact that ROM hackers are usually one-man projects there's a reason that you haven't seen anyone attempt something like this (at least a good one). There's not really a sensible way to do a layout of something like this beyond 2 (maybe 3) regions. If you do a "reset" a la the TV show, you're just cramming mulitple games into a single "game", so it kind of defeats the purpose of combining it all on a single cartridge (or game file for modders). If you carry over the party, you eventually hit a plateau where everything you battle with and against is so high there's not really any incentive to catch and grind out levels for something new. So, you need something in the middle of these two options. Now you need a dynamic system, which kind of takes away any potential reality of your casual ROM modder doing this. And even then *how* you scale this system is difficult even on the baseline. Say you want to do it on an average level of the party's Pokemon. But that changes things if you have 1 level 50, and one level 5. The level 5 still can't do anything, and the level 50 will just sweep through the battle. So you need something still more dynamic. Perhaps one that is weighted on both existing party and gym badges, but also weighted towards more on lower level or higher levels or ones that have less deviation from the middle. And now because there's so many regions how do you set it up. Do you get something that is linear, branching, or open world? Depends how much structure you need/want from your story. Does HM overworld/ride Pokemon use carry over from region to region? How many TMs are available in the first region? The balance of the idea is way more than just slapping the regions all together. It would take a lot planning.
It's neat, Hackenburg is like a half-baked experiment of "What if the football players had the one-and-done rule?" Because that's all he got while he was at PSU.
It was at least 10 because that tied/beat either Temple's defensive record or PSU's offensive record. Turns out Rhule's been good at his job for a while.
\&gt; Be highly promising highschool QB \&gt; Go to big-name program \&gt; Lose Super Bowl-winning coordinator of a HC \&gt; Get new HC who can't call plays \&gt; Coordinator also bad \&gt; Lose remnants O-line \&gt; Not mobile \&gt; Have no realistic way to stay alive longer than 0.37 seconds to throw to mis-matched receiver \&gt; Get sacked
Yes, it's always luck. You might also be looking for their and your chances of paralysis and feel confirmed when it happens to be out of your favor.
Something the others don't mention about Q. 3 is that GF wants each generation/series of the games to have their own stand-out flavor. Something that is distinct just to them to kind of put in a specialty towards each game.
I actually much preferred the delivery of villainy of SM to XY. From RSE to XY it's "11-year old saves the literal nation/world." That's so over the top. Even the idea in Gen I or II of a child dismantling the national mafia is ridiculous.
Ninjask is pretty decent, basically outspeeding anything you'll find in-game, and with Sword Dance able to do some decent damage. The problem is, it's super frail so you would want to keep potions on hand and use them regularly in between battles as you play through.
Definitely. Zelda and Blind you could toss in your pocket. There's not really any distinguishing difference between the two circumstances. But Kiki has to be done without any damage. There's immediate liability and a need to protect yourself/Kiki.
1. Nothing officially announced, but the decent-ish sales of the games make it plausible. 2. Not like Let's Go, though there are interactive features if you across games/players.
I think you're riding your high of this year a little to say it's practically 0% that you go for 4 losses. Bama and Florida gave LSU a run for their money this year, and they should only be improved. Between the other games of Texas, A&amp;M, Miss State, and Auburn I don't think it should be disregarded. There's a lot of unknowns in how readily LSU rebounds from the turnover. If I had to pick a record, I'd definitely call 9-3 (schedule looks rather favorable), but I might say it's more likely to be 8-4 than 10-2.
Maybe they just left for promotions and raises.
Yep
"So really, scaled on the gravity well of Jupiter, the parity of the AAC to SEC is really not all that large. That's why UCF should be in the top 10."
&gt; Instead [of the previously agreed increase of bonus], [Commissioner] Thompson and [contracting consultant] Mr. Jordan presented eight alternatives, none of which addressed an increase in the bonus to be paid to Boise State. Instead, all alternatives addressed different methods for phasing out and ultimately ending the already agreed to $1.8 million bonus to Boise State. So, yeah. No wonder Boise's pissed. And honestly, they probably hold a good number of the cards at the moment. I can't imagine the MW doesn't cave to Boise State's favor.
&gt; it’s pronounced Bon-sly Oh, shit, that's good.
The flexibility is the one thing I'm envious of. It doesn't help that the B1G has 9-game conference seasons either, so we only get 1 big-name OOC.
I think a sandbox for Pokemon would be fairly terrible mostly on the input GF produces, but also that Pokemon tends to be story-driven and the scaling can't entirely just be attached to badges when you can just go anywhere. I think there needs to be more sensitive design involved if they were to attempt something open. Something I think that could work great though would be a world that is based on branching decisions. Think like Star Fox 64 or Shadow the Hedgehog if you've ever played those. The game would still be static and story-driven, but now could have a style of exploration that's more meant for replays. Say the player defeats the first gym, and the Professor tells the player they and the rival need to go investigate some locations for their research. The rival offers the player the choice to explore which location and gives a corresponding HM/Ride/tool to match. Based on the choice the player might receive either Cut/shears or Rock Smash/pickaxe opening a pathway to gyms 2 and 3, but a different series of cities for each choice. From there another event or two, which could result in the player obtaining the next key to another part of the cities. And as the areas open up, the available Pokemon could be different levels, evolutions, etc. This would provide diverse gameplay through a static layout, the story could still develop naturally and on a pace with gym completions, and still stick to a general trend of how the games usually flow.
I might circle 2021 War on I-4 on the calendar already. If neither HC leaves in that time, this shit could be wild.
7-6 this year, 14-1 in 2021
Oh, you mean the [stoo-dent ath-o-letes](https://youtu.be/7ZB0qsJuRDo?t=44)?
Glad to see somebody else saying this. The whole point of this problem is because Boise is a (deservedly so) snowflake in the circumstance. Fox explicitly wanted the Boise home games, and the MW wanted to take that unique value away from them. Going to the AAC might be good for the reality of the AAC, but unless Boise retains some of its snowflake value, it's going to be a loss for them.
[Check out this list](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/List_of_fully_evolved_Pok%C3%A9mon_by_base_stats) Since starters themselves float around 300-310 BST you might want to aim for Ditto or Delibird since those are the lowest ones. If you'd prefer to retain something that would be used to the end of the game (something those two arguably wouldn't be that great for) then I would suggest Mawile or Sableye.
[Here you go](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Trade#Pok.C3.A9mon_that_evolve_when_traded)
Like the other fella said, it doesn't make much difference, but I would vote for modest.
For tangible comparisons Pokemon Let's Go sold 1.4 million across the first ~2months (we're at ~3 now) and after about a year sold 11.3 million worldwide. At a quick glance, I couldn't find approximate sales of Sun and Moon after about this time. Only that they sold ~1.9 million in their first week.
Sure it's possible, it's just statistically less likely.
I wouldn't argue that all of these are solutions. First, at 100 base speed, it is pretty much going to get to go first unless you're grinding up. With Stomp and Attrack at its disposal, there's a chance of not even getting to attack first round. Miltank also holds a Lum Berry, healing any status immediately. This means for some of your suggestions you have to say a prayer that your Hypnosis or Supersonic hits not just once, but twice in a row, lest you risk a 60 BP rollout coming at your x2 or x4 weak Pokemon. Other ones, like relying on a 10% chance of Poison or Burn (again *twice*) while doing negligible damage isn't much of a likely option either. Gastly can't hit it with Lick either since Scrappy is unidrectional (normal/fighting moves onto foe Ghosts), and would need to be 22 to get Sucker Punch (a 50/50 shot of panning out). Some of these like the tradable Machop, Stantler, Vulpix , and Nidorina are viable options so don't get me wrong that all of these are bad. But I think it's a bit disingenuous to say they're all solutions because how much luck you're relying on. At that point, technically a Magikarp could be a solution if you grinded it up high enough.
First, what competitive sect is this for? I would've guessed Smogon OU, but I thought G-Darm was recently banned. Second, the competitive subreddit is /r/Stunfisk so posting there might draw more attention.
1. Rock type is one of the most prominent types for move coverage thanks to its neutrality to most types and prominence of learning in Rock Slide and Stone Edge. The presence of Stealth Rocks in singles is also brutal on anything weak to rock. Being weak to that is a large handicap. 2. At an average fully-evolved base stat of 470, Bug type is the lowest of any type. This means that only a very select number of Pokemon have a sufficient stat spread/base stat total that actually makes it viable. 3. A good chunk, including even viable ones, are x4 weak to Flying, Rock, or Fire making them even less likely to survive single hits. This makes it necessary to swap out to survive, and less opportunities for setup (and now more damage from SR). 4. 7 types resist its attacks, meaning there's a lot of options that are safe to swap into a bug. STAB can only do so much, so you're reliant on a diverse movepool (but still working with a sub-par attack stat likely). Except a lot of them do not have diverse movepools, and they're somewhat predictable. It's 3 types it's SE against all have more common type threats (Fighting, Fairy for Dark; Fire, Flying for Grass; Dark, Ghost for Psychic). These things rely on gimmicks/set-ups for viability but most have low stats that make surviability for these set-ups questionable. What Bugs are good, are okay and what Bugs are bad are *bad*.
The point is that a large collection of these are "If you hope out for this 10%/30% chance for status or you don't miss your 55-75% chance accuracy and then you get it again (because Lum Berry), all while being x2 or x4 weak to Rollout, and hoping it doesn't use Attract, or get the flinch on its Stomp (because you're probably not outspeeding it) it's really not that bad." Those aren't reasonable solutions. You said the ruins of Alph have no viable "solutions" but if I just grind up an Unown with HP Fighting I could beat it. You didn't consider that an option though, so why is Ember's 10% chance of burn considered one, when I need to hope it happens twice? Out of your 45 "solutions" I'd say there's about 12-15 that are actually reasonable that don't depend on a 1-in-10 chance of multiple turns going in your favor.
One of the better ways to start is just a pick a Pokemon or two that you just really enjoy using. Establish a core around those Pokemon. Like Barraskewda? Consider a rain team. Once you build a team, just play with it, and if it flops pay attention to how. Do you get swept by Dragapult? Are you walled by Milotic? Then take a single Pokemon and replace it with something that can still provide synergy to your team. You might get to a point where you go "You know this team just stinks." That's okay, just drop it and try something new and see where that takes you.
This gets brought up like every other day.
I feel ya. Some of the artificial controls kind of just suck to me. Nuzlocke aren't fun because I feel like I spend all my time obsessing over "not losing" more than actually winning. As far as always seeking "competitive" Pokemon, I try to compromise. I only stress myself for a decent nature than looking for something that is all-around competitive. I don't worry about EV training because the experience off the trainers are far more important, and otherwise I'd be looking up the EV of every battled Pokemon. Something that might help is just playing old games on your phone or computer. You can't transfer these Pokemon so there's no point in stressing over the competitiveness of them. You might complain the same you *could* be playing on your DS or GBA, but playing a lot faster, or playing randomizers or ROM hacks would make it a lot more different than playing on console. Eventually, you might get to the same point I do; you compromise on prioritizing natures, EV training only late-game additions. Once I rolled a 1-in-8000 odds shiny on my phone. I eventually deleted that save, I was okay with that.
My guess is Boise's best place (outside of moving to a P5) is to stay in the MW for now. Going to the AAC and convincing the conference that they are a snowflake and deserve their own contract is not going to fly with those top programs if it's already this much of a struggle with the MW. BSU would have to make a hell of an argument that they are substantially a bigger deal than UCF or Cincinnati, ignoring the possibility that USF, Memphis, Houston, Navy are all candidates for great years in the near future as well. Otherwise, AAC needs to renegotiate their TV contract ~~that Boise adds so much to their contract that Boise is making probably $9million guaranteed.~~ as much as they can to make it as appealing as possible for Boise to be an equal team. Boise going independent isn't likely to bring in much more money since they already have a contract that is based on their home games. I'm not sure how they could make substantially more money off that unless they're pimping themselves out to the Pac and XII all the time. So, I think the best solution is to strong arm the MW into getting their raise in their "snowflake bonus". Maybe not as much as they were planning, but still more than their $1.8million. It would probably involve a contract that eventually forces the bonus to expire, and at that point Boise tries the P5 jump or moves to the AAC when they know it's worth notably more money then.
* The 3 Kanto starters are available in USM via Island Scan, and in the wild naturally in LGPE * The 3 Johto are available in SM via Island Scan * The 3 Hoenn, Sinnoh, Unova, or Kalos starters are not available in the wild in any game; however their evolutions can be found in SM or USM via Island Scan * The Alola starters or evolutions are not available in the wild * The 3 Kanto and Kalos 2nd stage evolutions can be found in the Kalos Friend Safari, but that may arguably not be "in the wild"
Sorry, I didn't mean to imply that Boise would demand to get the exclusive contract (well they should try anyway). I only meant that since there's no reasonable chance of having one in the AAC, they would be sacrificing the contract style they have now. Which means that the split-share of the AAC contract would have to make up for the Boise+MW system they have. If Boise stands to make ~~$8-9~~ ~$5 million currently with the CBS/Fox deal, the AAC would have to get a contract that guarantees Boise making more than that. Or else, there's not much point in making that move, is there? The problem is, AAC is set to make ~$6 million if I recall correctly, ~~the same baseline value Boise stands to make now for the MW. So Boise being added would have to re-negotiate to a value of like $3 million to each team of the conference. That's the sloppy math of my expectation.~~ Edit: I mis-remembered the MW contract. Boise stands to make "in excess of $5 million" under the new contract annually and that includes the current $1.8 million bonus (I thought that was just the MW contract). This means the current AAC contract, it would actually be worth more than Boise's current situation going forward or at worst, about the same. So it could actually be worthwhile straight up but not accounting for what is likely the departure of the MW entirely, and other circumstances that are sort of high-level.
Yeah unfortunately I realized that error and rewrote this just as you and /u/pezasied commented here, my mistake. I'm on board with you though that the AAC certainly is the best back-up plan. Independence doesn't seem lucrative to Boise, and the P5 is out of their control.
*Literally* not even football.
I dunno, let's ask App State.
Smaller timeline and bigger success, but yeah. Some Tigers were absolutely devastated somewhere between Alabama and UCF last year. They thought it was only downhill, the hire was solely based on being from the state, that he was a gamble not worth his pricetag with no chance of bringing them up.
Big East football didn't exist for another like 8 or 9 years when they voted on PSU. Adding PSU could've expedited that, but PSU also could have jumped Big East to Big Ten in that time anyway.
Yep. Also consider that in the AAC *somebody* between Memphis, Cinci, and Boise have at least another loss. Also Boise or Memphis wouldn't have a conference title. Adding a team in perceived strength but not accounting for the subsequent change in records doesn't do a lot of good.
Personally, I have no idea. Like I said, PSU was being considered for a conference for sports other than football, while that remained independent. I have no idea if Paterno (and the AD of the time) also wanted to move football. I wouldn't be surprised if they tried to form something involving WVU, Pitt, Temple, Cuse, UVA, VT, etc.
~~Problem is, with its Prankster its at least getting the first time in. You'd need a Fake Out + big hit to make certain of it.~~ Pay no attention to this fool.
Yeah, I always kind of imagined that a compromise would be paying the athletes into "trusts". With the scholarship and ammenities of campus already provided they wouldn't need to worry about a lot of the basic income expenses like rent/food/utilities making it pretty reasonable to say "graduate or wait 5 years before you get this." I guess the problem with that comes from athletes whose families need that money for things like child care, loans, or other school service. But those families might already have something like that worked at the moment if they are getting under the table.
I'm gonna lock in a "probably." The odds is some pearl-clutching Christian as opposed to just some person feeling like trolling. I will admit, she's technically right if you verbatim-comply with the definition of the word though.
* OSU goes 11-1, loss to Oregon * PSU goes 11-1, loss to Ohio State (*siiiiiigh*) * Nebraska continues to be unimpressive, but finally goes .500 * Rutgers shows little improvement, but a lot of promise; 2-10
Skippable as in can be done at a later time.
A lot of it is just a bias established with what people grew up with. It's especially prominent in kids who still have that attachment. There's really no point in trying to rationalize it. Frankly, I haven't heard anyone make major criticisms about the new designs in Gen VII or VIII outside of the interesting execution of the Galarian fossils. Yes, Gen I and II seem extremely simple in comparison. But there's an explanation for that. Since the resolution/pixel space/whatever the appropriate term is for the screen was so small they couldn't put in details/aesthetics. Add to that this was the baseline game so Sugimori and fellow artists had a freedom of movement where anything could be a Pokemon, so why not start at the basics? Mouse, dragon, serpent, ball, etc. As time went on, resolutions got better and more Pokemon created so there was an increase in luxury that designs could be more detailed, and illustrate more aesthetic differences between them. [Here's a fun little interpretation that somebody did if Garchomp and Charizard were made in swapped generations](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/737/021/643.png). I think this kind of helps define that along the way, some of the artstyle just adapted to these details more.
First, there is no definitive team, whether you look at a single generation, or across the span of every generation. Second, no legendaries or starters is such an arbitrary exclusion that even if there was a "best" team it would almost certainly have at least 2 on a team.
[Here on Bulbapedia you can see the formula for stat point calculations](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Statistic#In_Generation_III_onward). The point to remember that you are overlooking is that base stat does not necessarily translate to neutral stat point. The formula accounts for that base stat value and can result in a different number (namely, because of the +5). For our example, Rhyperior's neutral, 0 IV speed is actually 45 ((2\*40\*50/100)+5). As you can look at Rhyperior's other stats, no it doesn't equate to lowest value as its 55 base stats can have a value of 54.
Deep? No. Engaging? It can only help. A story shouldn't be the B-story of the game (for a game as railed as Pokemon is). It should have active participation in it.
So, if you google "Satoshi Taijiri autism", you don't find anything on the record about him being on the spectrum. There's no quotes from interviews, no confirmation of diagnosis, nothing outside of his parents being concerned for his excessive interest in collecting things. His wiki page doesn't mention it, and any Autism support articles make no mention it other than "look at this, he flunked school and was super into videogames and bug-hunting". He could be on the spectrum, but it sounds like the source of his passion could be a lot of things, including as mild as a very passionate person. It's also pretty shitty that they don't even mention him by name in this post. Or even include a picture that is actually him.
Stats will always get readjusted to that Pokemon's current situation. This includes using nature mints, EV vitamins, hyper training, or evolution.
If you have a computer nearby you can download the Universal Pokemon Randomizer. In addition to a few quality of life changes, you can check off a box that fixes "impossible evolutions" (i.e. trades or item evolutions). If you save this "randomized" version of the file the same name as your current one on your phone, you should be able to just copy over it, and oyur save should be adapted to evolve it at the necessary conditions. Somewhere on the website is the list of new evolution mechanics, but I think some of them are pretty simple (like level 35 or 42 or something).
1. Yes 2. Not to my knowledge though there's some other facts you might want to know (see below) 3. No idea, try Googling, but from what I expect it's just raw odds. 4. Yes, because ribbons are just "feel good" achievements and have no display value to others. But that's my opinion, you have yours. Anyway, a few things to point out. Take a look at the [Bulabpedia page](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/List_of_Ribbons_in_the_games#League_Ribbons) for Ribbons. * RSE and FRLG share the same ribbon, so there's no need to do both * There's no champion ribbons for Johto Gen IV or for Gen V according to this page * ORAS has a different ribbon from RSE So if the page is accurate the process is RSE -&gt; DPP -&gt; BW (for transferring only) -&gt; XY -&gt; ORAS [Oh, and if you want to reaffirm here's Johnstone getting almost every ribbon possible](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gnwd7Z_tNE)
Bama, Clemson, UGA, Ohio State. I'm gonna guess Oregon, Oklahoma, and LSU are the last three?
When TF2s economy {appeared to} crashed it was fucking hilarious. I pick up the game maybe once or twice a year for a week, so I don't play much, but still go through the subreddit. Hoo boy was that a wild time when the Unusuals glitched out.
True, I guess I should say "perceived" to have crashed.
Edit: Y'all need to stop wasting your money on stupid shit like Reddit gold too. Bank and Home prey on a point that we *"have"* to have our living dexes, our collections, our everything. The fact that this storage system exists at $15/yr is ridiculous. This is a system that used to inherently exist in the games themselves. This is MB of data being stored online as opposed to locally on the Switch or gamecard purely from the point that they know they can charge for it so that people can preserve their collections because emotional attachment is that strong to it. Owners should be willing to take a hard look and ask themselves if they think having a subscription to be allowed to store Pokemon is something they want to continue to have. In the time since BW2 you went from having a $40 game to: * $60 game * $30 DLC * $20 online subscription * $15 storage subscription Even if you ignore that A) DLC is expansive, not organic and B) Online applies to all your online games, that doesn't change you are now spending $75 on what used to be $40 (although I'd argue *some* of what's in the DLC would have been placed in the game if they did not pursue that route). Have these games developed themselves *so much* that they deservedly should be **nearly double the price within a decade's time?** I strongly advise people to draw the line in the sand, because this is getting very much out of control.
Transferring Pokemon and storing them locally on the cart used to be innate properties of the games. The storing was also accomodating for a number of slots greater than the number of Pokemon.
Max Atk. I suppose it depends on the battle format, but since 60 base speed is pretty meh, I'm guessing HP would be the preferred investment.
Yes and yes.
I almost did. But since he said it's based a lot on recruiting and LSU had top 5 classes 2020 and 2019 while Florida "only" had top 10, I leaned towards them. I think there's more than 7 (UF, Texas, PSU to add) but I might just be more optimistic than he is.
Ah, someone else's reddit is shitting the bed too I see.
The older games are slow and simple. For the past couple of years I've hopped on emulators for both ROMs and hacks. And just being able to play at a faster speed, and with variations in gameplay, I've enjoyed them much more than on their original consoles. But the big point that I'm over (mostly from playing emulations) is having to keep a collection. I'm not worried about it anymore since I can't keep what I catch from my phone. I realized that having my living dex sucked a lot of the fun of hunting for Pokemon and catching them when I didn't need them because I had one collecting dust in my PC. I get some people, I'm not going to chastise them about "muh collections" or anything. Lots of people have collections for a lot of stuff. But TPC/GF has really shown their attitude of manipulating people's attachment to their collections that they know they can now (effectively) charge us by-the-feature for a whole game.
Do you think you can do something silly like give GPS permissions to Google Maps but not the Amazon one? Thus, defaulting to use that?
Until the sales take a hit, GF will expect everything is suitable and the criticisms are a vocal minority. They might be right, or the criticisms might be from a group that's leaving, but the incoming generation is larger anyway. There's a lot about this situation where it's business and their interests are based on money. I don't blame them for moving forward with that intent. But that's my point, they don't address the discomfort until it's discomfort for them. If you want to make an impact, you/me/other redditors need to get off the echo chamber. You need to reach audiences that don't understand the situation and make your argument to them. It has to be convinced that the next one isn't worth it.
Even then, I won't expect a NC until it's in Franklin's hands. Like yeah, LSU got one this year. But look at the cast it was that got through both Alabama and Clemson (ignoring also Georgia and Oklahoma). Those coaches aren't going to stop shitting out those kind of quality teams any time soon. It'll take a perfect storm for PSU to get past Ohio State, Wisconsin, probably Georgia/OU, and then Alabama/Clemson.
I think I would say choose only one between Heracross, Breloom, and Shiftry. Heracross is eh in this gen, and I wouldn't suggest keeping both Breloom and Shiftry.
Probably Shiftry. You could run Feint Attack, Giga Drain, Brick Break (thus covering your Fighting need) and a choice between Extrasensory, Shadowball, Dig, Aerial Ace, Strength.
Unless you plan on giving all of them the HMs I might suggest keep it open to keep a slave in. Either you'll need something for Cut/Rock Smash/Strength or you'll need something for Surf/Dive/Waterfall. It'd be easier than swapping to one every time you wanted to go somewhere off the course.
It's been long addressed that any reasons for limitations was a lie. There's no gotchas at this point because it's already known. I wouldn't get caught up in it. The reality is, GF had a plan for or a problem with the Pokemon but didn't want to publicly announce it. Whether that was because they really didn't want to put all the Pokemon in anymore, there were issues during development, or they just didn't have time for something we won't know probably, but I wouldn't suggest placing your ire in that direction.
As far as I understand you have to show as an athlete that your hiring and wages are not influenced by the fact you are an athlete. If he is already enrolled and working for the university prior to being an athlete it should be justifiable that his membership on the team does not reflect that.
It's supposed to come eventually, they aren't implementing the same bluetooth feature from what I understand. As far as using the Pokemon, depends on if it's in the regional dex of Galar or not.
I don't have insider knowledge, but there seems to be a very easy option to this from GF's purpose of controlling: *Until you have &lt; 31 Pokemon in the Home Basic, any feature outside of withdrawing into Sword/Shield is disabled.* I certainly don't think it would be allowed to add in more Pokemon from Sword and Shield if you were already over that number. I also strongly suspect that you wouldn't be allowed to use the GTS until you meet that number as well. Perhaps (and hopefully!) I am wrong, but I would by no means make assumptions of optimism.
His point is that some moves don't exist *at all* in Sword/Shield. If you taught a Pokemon Hidden power or Return in Let's Go for example, either you wouldn't be able to transfer it, or the move would get deleted upon transfer. Roost might be one of those moves, and you should double check if so.
Well, no. You can't buy the DLC standalone and have the full game with it, but you can buy Ultra Sun, or Black 2, or Emerald all stand-alone. There is no dependency on the first release in any case of the games. If we're going to argue that I am buying both games for tertiary/sequels/upgrades then I would need to argue that I'm buying all games because each exclusive facet technically makes them all different, including the DLCs (So, $160 for BW1/2 or SM/USM and $180 for SS w/DLC).
Has to be the exact same species (not even evolutionary line). But, that's okay like the user mentioned, they'll tech it in Let's Go and should have no issues moving it to SS at a later date.
Yeah I just learned about the HB option and might go for it myself.
Hmm interesting point. I suppose you would be right about that. Otherwise you would be effectively soft locking your Pokémon Home.
It does, but that's only a preventive measure. Once his Gastro is out, he needs to hope the other one is almost done for. He could have a lot of trouble if he loses Gastro too early.
There probably isn't a clear-cut line of the "best" options for this when you're hiring that many people. Sure you know who your first hires will be; but, eventually you look at a couple resumes where you could argue the applicants are "effectively the same" and you have more applicants that are similar than the number of seats you have. So, a preference or an agenda eventually comes into play. I'm not saying it's acceptable, unbiased, "fair," or anything like that because I don't really think it is. What I will say though is that there is evidence that individuals seeing people "like them" in something they are interested in (women in engineering, black people in medical, Asians in hockey) has a positive effect in growing the representation to a more population-reflecting number. So having the agenda to hire females when all else proves comparable could get more girls involved with football, and therefore reffing. More girls interested, the larger the viewership for the XFL. but also, the bigger the reffing pool, the larger the number of people that are actually good at this job. No, it won't fix the NFL or CFB in the next season or two, but it could have a positive effect down the road is all.
If it's suited for special attacking, it could have * Ominous Wind * Shadow Ball * Hex Or physical with * Shadow Claw * Shadow force * Shadow sneak And if it was a little more stall/support/bulky it could have: * Confuse Ray * Destiny Bond * Will-o-Wisp * Swagger * Night Shade Honestly, that's not a whole lot different than most other eeveelutions which have usually 4-5 of their type of moves. So, Shadow Claw, Confuse Ray, Shadow Sneak, Night Shade, and Destiny Bond wouldn't be unreasonable options to work with. And if they wanted to give it some move coverage they could give it a fighting move or two which could pair somewhat nicely. (High) Jump Kick for example could pair well. And lastly, the moves aren't the sole facet of it. A solid ability can also go a long way. Give it Technician and then you could have Quick Attack, Shadow Sneak, Storm Throw and Swords Dance. Depending on the stats that's not too bad.
Eilish looks like a straight up admin from Team Bad Guys. That pun wasn't intentional at first either.
Stellar DC hire at that too.
Don't need $20m in servers if all (or just half) of these boxes are just in the game to begin with.
It's a big-name, large-size, and higher-end university. Educationally it's not a whole lot different than if you went to Ohio State, Michigan, or West Virginia in that regard. There are gaps that do make it sort of clear cut (Michigan &gt; PSU &gt;&gt; WVU) but you're not failing in life because you "settled" for getting a degree here (or even WVU). Geographically, there's a pretty big difference in feel, compared to say Pittsburgh, Ohio State, or Temple which are in large cities, where State College is the epitome of "college town". Plays a pretty big role in what there is "to do" and the general culture as a result. Student life is what you make of it. Wanna be a frat star? Go do it. Absolute recluse? Knock yourself out. Outside of crowds for events, the school is pretty much what you make of it. As far as the crowds go, you just have to be a part of it, or work around it (maybe don't try and drive in on campus on football gameday because you know damn well parking is filled everywhere).
Damn, that's rich.
Then grow up a little? They're obviously preying on people susceptible to this like you. So control your spending. For what you're bitching about, you can get 90% of the experience for 20% of the cost. That's on you for thinking you *have* to spend the extra 80%.
For what it's worth there's two ways you can think of this: * When you think of the school, what coach immediately comes to mind? * When you think of that coach, what school immediately comes to mind? Obviously if you think "Urban Meyer" it's fair to say that depending on age and region the school will vary. But it wouldn't be shocking that people say Ohio State and the first coach to come to mind is Urban Meyer. The problem is, a lot of this is recency bias; as shown by people just listing current coaches when their time has been so extremely brief.
Kirk and Patterson are definitely two that get linked this way.
Dude could also eventually flop at OU and probably still end up in the NFL. He's young and he's got such a great reputation I think it would take multiple failures before he gets looked over.
People are rationalizing it in other ways. *It's only $3 just to transfer my Pokemon over. Pokemon Bank is free that month as well.* *$15/year = $1.25/month. If you can't afford that, you got bigger issues.* And yes, ***they're right.*** It's cheap, it really is. That's not my main problem. What they're not seeing, or choosing to ignore, or accepted as unchangeable facts is that this material used to be provided as part of the game and no longer is. Purely on a space thing, holding thousands of Pokemon is MB of information. There is *zero* limitations in the way that the availability of that much space and the GTS function couldn't exist on the cartridge/within the game. And GF *knows* this. So, now we have people with thousands of hours invested in hundreds (or thousands) of Pokemon. They are absolutely connected with these Pokemon. So, GameFreak can propose a solution to the problem of moving the Pokemon. But they can charge for it. They have purposely moved away fromlocal systems because of this hostage-like situation that people are emotionally and time-invested in their collections and they will pay to move them over. So, GF wins by controlling how that happens. By being so invested in their existing collection, they are rationalizing that it's only $15 to keep their collection. They've already accepted they *"have"* to keep their collections; it *"must"* be moved. Never mind that for several years, it used to be free.
If you really can't find any of the hundreds of EV training guides you might need to try a lot harder. If you plan to use just featjers and jobs you're going to put yourself into way more time than necessary.
Hot damn, that's a good one.
Your rationale is exactly why ice is offensive effective on flying and ground, because of their intolerance to ice. Type matchups don't (and shouldn't always) be bidirectional. You have to think about it that if you attacked the ice type what would it stand up against. I agree with the ineffectiveness of water if you think about it as a mass standpoint (water attack mass &lt; ice type Pokemon mass). But you should probably adjust to make Scald (a hot water move) have at least neutral effectiveness against ice then (unfortunately making it a buff on Scald). Since ice has a crystalline structure, perhaps we could argue it has special properties making it resist Psychic typing. We could also work it as a poor man's Steel by giving it Poison resistance as well. As an additional buff, thanks to it's extreme cold, we could argue that it is invulnerable, or at least less likely, to Burns. Perhaps Hail could give a temporary accuracy, Speed, or evasion reduction to non-ice type. Quite a few moves could can a benefit to the evasion drop.
&gt; moves that always freeze, which is totally unacceptable. For what it's worth, we have 100% accuracy sleep-causing in Spore. That's not terribly different than a freezing status move. Even T-wave got nerfed to 90%. 100% freeze wouldn't be a terrible thing if it at least had a turn limit in addition.
Until the Wild in Sword/Shield there are no limitations on if you can catch wild Pokemon, so long as you have a Pokeball.
Yeah this doesn't meet the intent of the sub.
That's the purpose. If you lcick report and opt that it breaks the rules, one of the options is "successful attempt" The photographer clearly succeeded in taking a photo of some plump pigeons.
Hidden abilities didn't exist in Gen IV.
Mewtwo was my first thought for adding to the team. Namely Psychic, Shadowball, Aura Sphere (if you plan to grind), Calm Mind. Also Zapdos from LG. The others I could think of might be T-tar, Weavile, Blissey, Tentacruel, Gliscor, or Mamoswine. Note some of these aren't much for their hitting as their bulk so it's a little subjective if oyu're looking for something to roll through the main-game.
Then you probably won't have the best potential team.
It's new.
The rotom type needs to be something that is directly communicated by what the appliance does (ovens cook, washing machines rinse, etc.). If it was a jackhammer, it'd probably be rock for example. The problem with your focus is that psychic is a paranormal kind of idea; it has no appliance to convey that attribute directly. The security camera is just as much of a reach for that as it would be for bug (because appliances don't have "bug" properties). Not to mention, if it's in the security system, it's omnipresent, making its role as a Pokemon not so great because it could just psy-blast everything from everywhere in the facility while it is pretty much invulnerable. My suggestion to you would be to treat the rotom while its in the system like it is in the Pokedex. It's not actually a Pokemon being able to fight in that time. It can play around using the defenses of the security system instead to make traps for the party inside. In this case, it can be the antagonistic Black Hat. The "trial" would then be directed to the team dodging these traps in order to shut the power down, kick rotom out of the system, defeat/capture it, and restart the power.
Within the intent of the games, no. Gen IV (DPP/HGSS) have to be transferred to BW1/2. BW1/2 can then be transferred into Pokemon Bank (on a 3DS) using Poke Transporter. From there it can go from Bank to Home.
Going to a branch really isn't the end of the world. A smaller school that's less centric in party could be good for giving yourself stability the first year or two. Depends on your mental maturity and ability to manage; perhaps you don't really need to worry about that. I'd also disagree it'd be any harder to make friends because, you know, you'll be around people still. Unless you meant in regards to finding people from your country/culture, then you might be right (I have no idea the international % at branches). At this point, I'd say it was based on what you're priority is and what other schools you applied to. If your focus is 4 years at a large school, look for another large school. If you are worried about getting into just PSU, then just rock your time at Harrisburg.
Then there's no incentive to create the form anyway if that's the focus of the narrative. The rotom has no purpose to be a new type because it could just as easily just be a base-form rotom floating around, jumping from camera to camera. There's no incentive that it *has* to be a new type in addition to there's no logical connection camera = Psychic. If the narrative is "trainer trains at training area" and the only special event that happens is he fights this rotom and now he's stronger then you've basically just created a bottle episode. Nothing was accomplished in the story that couldn't be glossed over. He could've just fought a couple dozen voltorbs and it would've been all the same. If you're making this venture out to a very specific spot, then something of consequence ought to come out from it. Maybe you have that planned, but from what you've described, nothing of that conflict-resolution pathway stems from the rotom being a personal coercion of originality.
Yeah, *on Earth*, unless everyone else understood French around him (including Jason), then it wouldn't make sense he spoke exclusively French.
I meant in their time on Earth. Eleanor watches a video of him speaking, and goes to Australia to talk with him. Not to mention he teaches, and they're all together at some point during the testing. Sure everything might come to Chidi in french after death, but he clearly knows English.
I think the people complaining/criticizing aren't unrealistic, they just want something better. Diehards will have bought it blindly, it's kind of what a diehard fan does. It's Pokemon; you like Pokemon, you'll like this. There are probably enough unique characters and places made that you'll find some of them memorable (whether for good or bad). My suggestion, if you're worried about not enjoying it then have a little patience and keep your eye on markets like LetGo or Craigslist for it used. Get it for like $45-50, and you'll feel a little better about how much your bang-for-buck is.
Yeah, you don't know what you'll be missing, but you know what you're looking for (as a good game) as you play through it. If you have a friend you can borrow, maybe just ask them for a day or two. Play the first badge or two, and see how you like it. And then, look for secondary markets, because that'll mitigate your risk of spending $60 on a game you might only end up putting 20 hours into.
So, are you, like, 6 now?
Blastoise is just underwhelming. I wouldn't by any means say its awful. My problem is, in games where you can get it like FRLG or XY you can get some neat dual-typed water Pokemon at like any reasonable point in the game. So Blastoise isn't all that great to pick up in comparison. Fire types aren't as common though, which makes starting with one a bit more of a novelty.
I've always enjoyed the strategy of weather mons, so I'm with ya on Castform. One of the Smogon strategy guides (I think Gen IV or V) is pretty good for a laugh because it acknowledges Castform is useless and you're only using it because you want specifically Castform. Otherwise, it's early bugs. A lot are Bug-Flying, making it impossible to bring near rock-anything. Typically too slow to gain the edge, and too frail to survive for setting up. The fact that Vivillon is essentially Butterfree with Hurricane was also totally underwhelming when it could've been Fairy Butterfree instead..
DLC: It's *okay* in my book. Better than selling improvement versions. Obviously games should have everything planned and produced for upon release, but sometimes an idea comes along so late in development that it just makes sense to drop as a DLC. It's selling part of a game for a part of a price. The alternatives are don't make that DLC, sell it in a complete version (like they used to) or push it into development of the next game (which may or may not happen, or may or may not make sense). Home: It's an excuse for additional money. It could be a one-time buy and have the Pokemon stored locally, but they want to use cloud-servers for reasons I don't really understand and can charge for subscription-based services to keep a flow of money. But *my big problem* is all these features used to be and can still be implemented in the game itself. The game could realistically hold 6000 Pokemon and run the GTS. But they removed it intentionally, and to me, that just makes it seem like it's a pivot to slowly start charging for more of these external features down the road. In a few years, it's now possible they shift the GTS to be a part of the subscription service.
Yeah, I should've made my point of that a little more distinctly: the problem isn't the price itself but they are also moving features out of the games. Even though the GTS is in the basic version of Home, there isn't any rationale they couldn't have kept it accessible within the game. To me, this just makes it seem like that in a few years, the follow on to Home will require you to pay to make trades (or limited to so many trades a month).
I've done 4x40, 9x80, and I'm on the 5x40 now. My vote's the 5x40 personally because I enjoy having more time in each day more than I like the scheduled extra weekend day. If I *really* need that Friday off I have flex schedule that I can work with. Plus, I can sometimes double-dip work pay and National Guard pay so it's basically PTO to go do my other job. Really, the answer is to just get less working hours, but I don't have any way of making that happen.
Be sure to save up your emergency fund. DOn't wanna get caught with your pants down.
What are you talking about?
Yo, so the Good Place finale was great. Super satisfying.
Ah yeah the traffic/commute is always one of the main points. To some people, they're saving like 90-120 minutes a week with a schedule like that.
Buckle in though, because the last episode is something like 70 minutes run time with commercials. Might be less if you watch it on NBC online later in the week, not sure, but it's still bigger.
I think some networks are getting used to the idea of letting shows run their course as directors, creators, writers intend works well. Might be that younger audiences prefer fresh content or don't get enjoy as much getting sucked into something for as long as older generations? I'm curious if there's anything to show for that.
&gt; that a few people are mad This is the main point OP is missing. I don't like the current system either, but this not "outrage". This is a section of a section of a section of a fan base. We're talking thousands at best of the millions that have the game.
He's got more wins in 2 years than Hazell got in 4; 2 bowls, 1 win. It was just awful injuries that made the team a struggle to do much of anything. I wouldn't be shocked if you guys bounce back to 7-5 next year so long as injuries don't take out as much as they did this season.
You know, I've always been told calling people idiots really gets your point across better.
Bagon in RSE. Not accessible until after the 8th gym and found at level 35 at best. Really, pseudos as a whole are meh between availability and investment v. return since you will pretty much never have it fully evolved before the 8th badge in any game. Anything stall oriented also.
Yeah but they haven't done it for something as innocuous as single-use held items. I wonder if they originally considered doing Z-moves and Megas which decided for them to remove the gems and just never brought them back.
I'm keeping my eye on UCF. I got a hopeful feeling they rebound and take the AAC again.
You would be right. Long story short, don't trust Monken.
While other pokemon are accessible in the HGSS safari zone, Houndour still isn't. So even in the remakes it's still not feasible without trading.
Good on you, we shouldn't re-write the origin simply through misconstrue and convenience.
He actually just licked a soapstone and smeared it on his paw. Boom, sign.
&gt; whose entire personality is Disney I mean that's pretty much any shit person. Like, I'm not a smoker by any means, and if people smoke weed, I don't care. I'm just not big on the smell, that's about it. But if all you do is read/talk/do is about weed, then yeah you're probably not much fun because you're one-dimensional. And you can take that last sentence and put it in anything &gt; But if all you do is read/talk/do is about **Star Wars**/*Marvel*/FORTNITE, then yeah you're probably not much fun because you're one-dimensional. And that's why we can keep adding anything to this list until the cows come home, because it's about people who live and breathe about The Office/Musk/Rick and Morty.
We should also have a 3-way cup for Pitt and Temple. Really, I just liked playing Temple. Maybe we do (a Keystone Cup?) but it probably hasn't been applicable in decades.
I know most people enjoy it, but it was just eh to me. It might've been because I watched it all in about a week though, as a result not really needing a recap episode of any form. I will admit as far as recaps go, it was a good execution. I would've traded this episode for a Toph-Zuko Adventure or General Iroh Prison Break one though
Yeah it's a trip which makes it tedious but at least it's not difficult.
Vamos was less about distance to next place and more about blacksmith convenience I think. If you want to go there you have to warp to start, and haul down a third of the catacombs and then down a narrow stairway, drop a couple times. Alternatively, go all the way down, avoid attracting bonewheels (or else fight them) and then walk in. Of the other smiths, Giant is the only one that comes close to comparing and you only have to fight a Silver Knight that way at worst.
I think this meta would've been made if there was a national dex anyway. The removal of Megas and Zs would have likely incited an "all major items" type which would be what NatDex reflects today.
Particularly Espeon, but some do look catlike.
&gt; However, usage of the word cat is in some cases a misnomer, as many species referred to as saber-toothed "cats" are not closely related to modern cats. It would be right to say they are cat-like, but not cats apparently. For casual intents and purposes though, yeah it's a big fucking cat.
Make contact with CAPS. If you've already accepted you might be able to even call them now, who knows?
It's hard to argue creative designs gen1 v gen5 simply because the physical limitations and art design directions have changed a fair bit since then. You can confidently argue that older generations are simpler and blander for those above reasons but I don't think it inherently makes them worse (less is more type effect). As far as gen1 in a bubble goes. I'd disagree and think Charizard is more middling than top or bottom. I think there's quite a collection of Pokemon that are Voltorb/Ditto tier in art design. Hell you argue Blastoise is much better but, Charizard is a dragon with fire on its tail. Blastoise is a tortoise with cannons on its back. It's a very simple aesthetic addition.
They had better designs, yes. And they also had worse. You can't and shouldn't expect a collection to all be on par with the best ones. That's a very high bar to set. You can suddenly look at some that are simple in design (Gengar or Clefable) but the context of character makes that excusable. I don't disagree that charizard is simple. But it feels like controversy for the sake of controversy to say it's one of the simplest.
Robert California absolutely redeems the later episodes for me. He's the best character out of the series in my opinion. Gabe's hilarious insocialability is also way more value than distaste.
&gt; A big limiting factor for industrialism in real life was the labor to acquire fuel, but since they could generate fire themselves, they developed much faster. Although, considering smoke and soot is shown with the ships moving and perhaps other vehicles they do use fuel to some degree. I think you're right about the tanks though.
Man, that bothers me more because it has no defined effect.
Those writers have also complained about not having raises in something like 7+ years. I don't even understand why anyone still works for that paper.
Pearl onion actually.
I get it to a degree, I'm not going to sit here and trash the writers for it. Everybody has reasons. But man I'm shocked a fellow like him could still have passion or interest to do it after all that treatment. Feels more like resignation and sunken costs rather than something joyful at this point.
That's anything though. You're not going to produce a quality product without some investment. I know people get hesitant about spending money, myself included, but it's the only way to get started sometimes. Can't learn an instrument without having one around and you don't necessarily get it for free always.
That was actually the one thing I didn't recognize from this.
If it worked, it could be implemented. The intent is to attract and hire effective and safe officers and avoid the awful ones. If bunny pajamas made a difference then I could get on board. I get what you're saying about preventing a type, but the type we're wanting to avoid aren't "macho". They are power-tripping, complex riddled, sociopathic, emotionally fragile or easily corrupted by illegal persuasion. Dude liking tractors pulls and being jacked isn't inherently bad.
I don't think light saber related lore is acknowledged at all in any movie though right? Like, are crystals even mentioned, let alone discussed?
It's been some time since I've watched most of the movies, but I'm chipping through them now. But as far as I recall there's never a "how light sabers work" dialogue in the movies. Let alone explaining colors, or Kylo's hilt or anything else.
Well alright then at least it's somewhere.
There will be spectators. Even though PSU is of a select group of schools that could afford to not have them for a season, other schools will absolutely need to. I just heard from a friend that Pitt student tickets went on sale, so there are schools that are going to do it. And while there is the fact that PSU doesn't have to do it just because Pitt or UCF or Whoever Tech is selling tickets if there's the sense to make money, well, they're gonna try and make money. Also between the fact that we're months past the initial wave and the protests have easily spread it around the % exposed and at-risk should be significantly different than what it could've been looking at from 2 months ago.
I know it's the fun thing to shit on Pitt but they had 36.3k in 2017, 41.7k in 2018 and 43.9 in 2019. Keep in mind 2018 was the home game for them against us, so they still improved without counting that game. Considering Heinz is ~68k it's not too bad for a school that let football fall to the wayside for a while. They aren't begging people to come, they're improving the football quality and the fans are going more and more.
Tickets sold is money earned which is the point of having the seats. Sure it's a disappointment for low turnouts, notably for rain games, but the ticket still provided the athletics money (which is the whole point of the discussion I started). And yes 100% of reported attendance is not reality but it's also not the atrocity of &lt;50% you think it is.
Creators are responsible for it. And they do it because as a whole it does work.
It's not atypical to have most of that in one semester. The exception being MATH 220. But it's not egregious of one more class to add.
It really is brilliant. They often say don't mistake malice for what can easily be explained as incompetence. But it's an entire new world if malice is delivered through incompetence.
That's somewhat the point. It's to convey an innocent type of nervousness that they think would appeal to gals. And I'm sure there are people who would find that type of nervousness endearing, at least in a face-to-face manner. But in the case of Brandon he's unaware that delivering nervousness in exactly that manner conveys more social ineptitude than cutesy awkwardness.
Like I said social ineptitude. Brandon clearly thought Shannon's instinct to a new number claiming to be Brandon, the guy she gave "her" number to was "LOL I'm not Shannon, wrong number buddy." Let alone any rationale that an unsolicited dick pic is appropriate. Which makes me think it could be fake and the dude just wanted a funny way to show his mustache off.
It doesn't help that to me most of the things to parry get one or two-shotted anyway. Since I don't play PvP I've had such little incentive to learn it.
Really though I don't think any player should get a full statue. Maybe a bust in like a sports exhibit on the campus is fine. But I guess it comes to how iconic a player is. I see some arguments for why a player should.
I should clarify, I think there's a difference between a pro player dedicating 7+ years to a team and a college player being there 3-4. The latter being who I meant in the previous comment. I get that there's going to be generational phenoms like Bush and maybe some consideration should go into those players but I would also expect a lot of post-college involvement to the school and athletics.
It'll be interesting to see this all turn out. Between the initial outbreak, flattening the curve, the protests, and school being about another 2.5 months away I wonder what the realistic picture of risk will look like. How many people will have been predicted to have already had it (asymptomatic or not) will be the big factor in just how bad it gets in those first 3-4 weeks. Like others have said, the reality is it's going to spread hard because there's going to be no limitations in socialization since PA has gone green phase (at least for the most part) and we knew ahead of time what opening schools back up was going to mean. So with virtually no restrictions it just comes down to how much of the population has already had it.
My mom told me yesterday amidst all this that some people want to change my hometown county name from Lee County to something, y'know, not Confederate related. She told me though that there's talks about the old native tribe being the new name (Caloosa). The Caloosahatchee runs straight through the county out to the gulf, so I thought that's a smart suggestion. Edit: Oh and I'm finally back home from working in Philly being activated. I just wanna say thanks to the Philadelphians for the civility. We didn't want us to be there either.
As she limped up to the camera saying she needed stitches I thought "Well, I don't see blood dripping, it couldn't have been that bad." And then woof, meaty ol' slice there.
It's never been supported, but it's sort of a reasonable deduction. If a class is something like 50-75 minutes, and at 15 minutes into class your teacher who is usually early is just not there, what reason do you have to suspect they're coming? I had a professor get pissed at us once for starting to leave at about 10-15 minutes after class started. Turns out he had a pet emergency and was taking care of that costing him some time. It's not like anybody was mad at him for being late, reasonable explanation or not. It's just that we assumed that after so much time there was no reason to have expected him to still show up.
I just got through it the first time earlier today. I mean, it was a little tricky, but it wasn't close to impossible. I think I died 2, maybe 3 times doing it? It's a slow-walk kind of place, just gotta work with that. But I am on SotFS.
There are pokemon that can flee, mainly the legendary beasts and lake trio. Particularly the lake trio have some resemblance to Mew and Mewtwo.
Bootleg copies are made haphazardly and as a result some programming facets get messed up. But it's far more likely you've just misremembered something from your childhood.
No, just flee. What you're suggesting is not a possible event in games and you're likely misremembering the event. What could have happened is you didn't throw the master ball. Maybe you threw any other ball, and looked away/ closed your eyes. In doing so, Mewtwo broke out and you inadvertently clicked Run. Not reading the text, you see the screen return to the cave and you thought it ran from you.
Sokka likely did traveling and came across it by chance.
On the off hand, Obi-Ani in RotS tries so hard to be theatrical I found it boring. Just a lot of jumping and twirling like they're a marching band's flagline.
Donovan wasn't the right OC for him for development. Play schemes didn't gel with his ability, on top of an O-line that couldn't last to let a play develop. And then, he needed time in league to develop after getting drafted and the Jets were not a team to give him that chance.
1. Rehire Amin 2. Move Thursday night crew to prime time
Nothing wrong with cheap steak. There's a lot of good with nice cuts, but man as long as you learn how to cook them, even the cheaper steaks can still be a great steak.
I think they're considering the idea it works like Triple Kick, which means there's a 72% chance to hit 3 times. But I also think they're being ambitious assuming it doubles. Triple Kick only goes up by 10 BP each; if Triple Axel reflect that then it's only base 90.
They talked about it not really being a plan for them to do more Let's GO, but for all intents and purposes it was a success. And Gen II being generally one of the most well-received in favoritism it just seems like such an easy idea.
A lot of "mad dog" personalities are just that. Pittsburgh's own, Mark Madden, is shouting, obnoxious, and awful takes the whole show. He'll hang up on callers about 3.5 sentences in and just call them stupid and idiots without actually considering anything they said. It's just like 2-3 hours of sports outrage. But, I've heard he's a pleasant man to meet, and it's really not his natural attitude at all.
It could be crossfit's design. It could also be due to a wider audience being attracted to crossfit than traditional weights or running, and that wider audience being less responsible with how they exercise.
You do not need to be human, hollowed can still leave their signs and yes it'll erase if you quit, die, get summoned, or leave the area. Depending on the bosses, closer to the fire also works better. For example, putting it in front of the entrance to the church that faces the Parish bonfire will get you summoned to not only fight the boss, but sometimes also the Berenike knight and the channeler.
Correct, "Reverse hollowing" at a bonfire will enable summons and invasions.
Survive and Advance (Jimmy V's NC State), Playing for the Mob ('78 Boston College), and Nature Boy (pro wrestler Ric Flair) are probably my 3 favorite, and honestly I'm not even a basketball or wrestling fan. Each one has it's own filling of just insanity/absurdity that makes it so great. You Don't Know Bo is also top tier. Trojan War is not quite as good as the U pt. 1, but better than CvC to me as far as football docs go.
To add, it's a dry style mockumentary.
I know, right? 27 years old and literally the first time I've ever heard that word was last week.
Finishing Avatar felt a lot like when I finished Harry Potter for the first time in like a decade+. I just grew to want more adventures with that group and it was a bummer that I couldn't get more of it. It was a little bitter that it was only set for 3 seasons and not 4, or at least an extra long 3rd. But they are a handful of comics, so if I get get my hands on them from my local library I'm gonna try and read those to fill that.
On a riding lawnmower, I believe standard Florida attire is underwear/bathing suit and tank top/cut-off. At least this is what I recall from growing up.
2010: It'S aN iCe CrEaM cOnE! 2020: It's an ice cream cone! It's also just the people who are angry about what it is eventually get over it, or stop getting so riled up about it. But the people who do like the designs will sustain their endearment throughout.
&gt; DnDLive event games Is this like the Olympic games of bard seduction and nat20 streaks?
Vegas is a pretty good place to do every couple years in my experience. I think the next time I go I'd like to do the Hoover Dam along with some small museums in the area.
Malcolm in the Middle had a good cold intro about [changing a light bulb.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbSehcT19u0)
Yep, just a flashing banner at the bottom of the screen.
I thought the same. It's disappointing it's not Chad.
When it's pure luck and statistical anomalies, pleasure and guilt are a little mixed.
Are Lothric thieves the thralls? Because those rat bastards are my pick for sure.
Not the way you're suggesting. You're suggesting making an entire game. SMB levels are sections of an overall game, which is usually framed by a story. Mario Maker doesn't make the worlds nor the story, just the levels. So Pokemon Maker would be a battle factory. But AI would be a problem unless it had learning properties.
No idea, I don't have a Switch.
Not stuck. In Pinwheel's arena is a ladder you can climb out of. Climbing up and going forward/right will lead to Tomb of the Giants, a late game area not meant for your current level. Sticking to the side of the top of the arena and leftward will lead to a cliff that'll drop you into the Catacombs bottom floor. As for climbing out of the Catacombs, you can just walk back up if you turned both bridges. If you haven't, or Patches turned one back, there is a way but it involves some side tunnels to climb up and dropping down back to the main path from above.
That's not anything close to what he's saying. You're pulling that accusation from nowhere.
You mean logistically? Don't overthink it, it just is. Especially for Gen I stuff, but up to like Gen III or IV the movepool of hard-hitting moves was pretty finite. You basically only got a choice of a high power move with 100% accuracy, or an extra-high power move at &lt;100% accuracy. At some point they just filled movesets with an extra move or two for diversity probably just because there wasn't much else there. And some of the signature moves of a type (Shadow Ball, Solar Beam, etc.) are usually treated a little liberally with variance.
Big XII revolution process: 1. Oklahoma and Texas leave to join B1G 2. Kansas leaves to join the SEC 3. West Virginia leaves to join the ACC 4. Big XII adds Boise State, BYU, UCF, Cincinnati 6. Louisville leaves the ACC to join the SEC 7. The AAC adds Army, James Madison, Appalachian State Bonus alternate-reality fun, The Pac-12 dissolution: 1. The California and PNW schools separate to become a miniature conference, the Pacific Coast Conference returns 2. The Pac-12 adds Fresno, San Diego State, BYU, Boise State, Texas Tech, and UNLV
"The Big Ten Conference is officially changing names to the Big Money Conference. Your move SEC." - ~~Jim Delany~~ Kevin Warren
We can infer regions if we superimposed them to the land they represent. For example, [Kanto represents the Kanto region of Japan.](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon_world_in_relation_to_the_real_world#Kanto) If we started in Pallet Town and went to Pewter City for our first badge, it'd be a walk of roughly 54 hour. For the first 3 badges, you'd travel roughly 100 hours. [You can map out a journey, here I started it.](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Shimoda,+Shizuoka,+Japan/Maebashi,+Gunma,+Japan/Tsuchiura,+Ibaraki,+Japan/Yokohama,+Kanagawa,+Japan/@35.5331786,139.0018501,9z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m26!4m25!1m5!1m1!1s0x6019e2f50ca17c2b:0x4912e3140f0805e0!2m2!1d138.9451459!2d34.6796171!1m5!1m1!1s0x601ef3ddea67b0ad:0xdf83af6546ce3e54!2m2!1d139.0634134!2d36.3894669!1m5!1m1!1s0x602212c0ad8ae59f:0xce4beeeefdd2d0d0!2m2!1d140.2042457!2d36.0783182!1m5!1m1!1s0x60185becbbb66509:0x69683f660285400!2m2!1d139.6379639!2d35.4436739!3e2) For those 100 hours though, let's work with what we know. Appalachian Trail hikers travel roughly 16 miles at 3 mph per day, or work about 5.33 hours. Being that you'd be on roads much, much more more, let's say 20 miles, or 6.67 hours per day. In that case it'd be 15 days of traveling.
I remember that on my first playthrough. I swapped strategies to just a big old shield to tank alongside whatever sword I had, and I think I beat him like 2nd try doing that. Super simple.
Sounds a lot like the people reacting from Dark Souls 1 to 2.
Super disappointed we didn't get a Iroh prison break episode.
How much would Tencent care about the American audience being mad about this though. If it's directed towards an E. Asia audience I don't think they're looking too much at the Europeans and Americans (north, south and central) for a large participation.
Right, right now it shows reddit is living in its bubble because the majority of us are resident north americans, and a few other major chunks as well, but China is a whole other beast that doesn't entirely reside on this website. "Everyone" is mad, but they're not part of that target audience.
Books good, phone bad.
This is just straight facts. Even MSU and PSU have secondary logos of block S in their respective primary color. I don't know if Iowa officially has a logo I.
IU's doesn't look that great to me because there's no distinction between the letters. Looks like the letter psi.
It's not a reference, it's just slang. Sorry to burst your bubble.
I think the resolution might be don't let them exist at this level. College football at the FBS level is a profiting system; financially as it pays for the AD, as well as improves the overall *auctoritas* of the the school, which leads to more students, reputation of academics, and bottom line $$$. However, Liberty is an independent for a reason. Nobody wanted them in their conference, so they had to get a waiver to allow them at the FBS level. Which means, it is completely possible for them to not find anybody to play against them, leaving them high-and-dry and not able to actually make the money they want off football.
Let's not confuse things. FBS is a money-making investment, period. Not only can it pay for the rest of athletics thanks to being scheduled as OOC, TV contracts, and increase booster support, but the successful seasons also improve the perceived quality of the school thanks to students having higher interest in better-performing programs. Which means more money in the endowment as well. If FBS programs don't schedule Liberty, then they can't make money off being an FBS, which means they can't fund their athletics, and students are less interested to attend. They start losing on their investments then.
&gt; why it wasn’t in the last presentation This is total hindsight 20/20 kind of stuff, but because it's Tencent. They more than likely paid for this presentation. TPC would have no problem mentioning a 3rd party game in the midst of a regular presentation, but that's not the kind of appearance Tencent wants to carry. So, they probably said, "We want a presentation of our own," in an effort to build up the game's importance is far more than stuff like Cafe.
They do, but there's also no harm in making something for an existing target audience that isn't NA &amp; Europe. They would like to get that audience in on it, but they also know the potential from the existing one.
Interesting point. Keep in mind these decisions aren't just based on perceived opinions from Twitter and reddit. They might be constantly ignored on the side-game side, but there's probably some good analysis there. Maybe the audience is topped off in the mobile market thanks to Pokemon GO and an overall less favorable attitude towards phones makes it less likely to drain that audience? Small games for the consoles don't provide the necessary income hoped? Who knows but TPC, but it is thought out and not just hip-shooting.
That was one that I felt should've been an episode for Zuko and Toph. With no response from the letter, Toph felt guilted into investigating her parents lack of communication, only to find X, Y, Z things happen.
Yeah, the dude was honestly a purist for knowledge, I feel his dedication to the library would've been acknowledged by the Wan Shi Tong.
Metal bending is about finding the impurities of the metal, so that the bender can find "earth" to bend. I would assume since it's not an earthly mix in the blood she can't.
Try reading the rules dipshit.
First, /r/stunfisk is the competitive subreddit. You'll get more specific answers asking questions there (remember to use the simple question thread!). Second, you might just not be aware of the surrounding conditions at the time. Maybe, they had Tailwind up, maybe they had Stick Web laid on your side. If you know its nature didn't impact speed, and you maxed your IVs out, perhaps you didn't have your EVs on it.
Yes, I think the basis is to sound easterly since that's our most "generic" accent, but there's tweaks to it to make it not seem even that.
My knee has been swollen for about 4 weeks. The xrays showed knee effusion, but after another like 5 days of Tylenol, icing and rest it still hasn't reduced. I see the ortho next week. Anyone know the likelihood of fluid just hanging around and nothing's actually torn?
Because it's predominantly metal I'm guessing. I haven't watched TLOK nor read any comics, but if she's using it as a test of earth bending skills and people can lift it, that would imply they have a higher acuity towards earthbending because it's less earthly.
I agree, the introduction was just thrown out there real quick and dirty at the end. It doesn't help that we the audience learned what taught the people how to bend, it throws off our foundation with something additional. We assumed each creature/spirit was the sole source because nothing was ever suggested otherwise. It could've been something as simple as "We earthbenders learned how to do it from badgermoles, but stories say we harnessed the energy from creatures even greater."
The DLC is actually putting out a lot more positive opinions on the games I've noticed so it's already turning a little.
A small eternity probably. I don't think there's a terribly clear timeline of this shit, but I don't know study greek.
Ignore the people being asses about it, HGSS is the worst level curve of any of the modern games. Like, not even close to reasonable. I have three suggestions: * Don't be afraid to settle with 5 Pokemon at the Elite 4, that 6th Pokemon usually doesn't fill that much of a niche anyway for people since they can get most move coverage within 4 or 5 * Consider using a legendary. Lugia, Entei, and Raikou are all fun to use, so consider using one of them to fill that gap * Fill the party out later than you normally would. I wouldn't consider having more than 3 Pokemon until after Morty, Gym 4 to help with selectivity and keep up with a few trainer levels.
For most games I recall, it was always just a massive spike at the elite 4. I remember frequently being under leveled in Gens I, II, III, and V. I can't recall if IV. I get that the E4 is endgame, but c'mon I don't want to spend my time grinding up 6-8 levels each of my Pokemon before the E4.
Someone brought this up like a few days ago and I mentioned there's a pretty big difference between making levelsin Mario Maker and making Pokemon worlds, which includes your options of mass-selecting which Pokemon can be present, and trainer-Pokemon assignments. I think if you wanted something reasonable it would be people make trainer gauntlets that are either gyms, Elite 4, Battle Tree/Maison, or Frontier styled sets, alongside rules. Then people have to complete it within those criteria (possibly using their own Pokemon in Home!).
Perhaps. But it hasn't been just Sword and Shield. Game Freak has clearly been working at a faster-than-capable pace since mid-Gen VI because the Switch was an ever-looming fact for them needing to jump. I think part of the reason of creating DLC is to no longer meet that annual release requirement through games so that they can more manageably slow down. Coupled this with the fact they don't need to jump console for quite some time, you could be right.
Who gives a shit if they're common nowadays? Do you like the way a shiny looks? Then cool, have at it. It isn't any skin off your back if people ground for a living Shiny dex is it? They're the ones who put thousands of hours into their games for it.
Shiny hunting is a grind. That's all it is. I don't see why people have to retain this pseudo superiority and purity of it, just because they spent an exorbitant amount of time in it. You don't lose out on anything for it being easier, so why should it be a problem? I could see it being a different matter if getting a shiny usually required a specific set of skill even if that was just trigger-reflex. I'd see it a lot more if it was something like party set-up and skillsets of Pokemon, and synergy of the team, but it's not. It's a perseverence of making loops egg hatching, or soft resetting, or OHKO far weaker Pokemon. None of things are difficult or require planning or strategy. It's just put time in and be as efficient as you can and eventually, through odds and numbers you eventually get what you're looking for.
What game are you playing on? Why the arbitrary restrictions?
Nah, they're like cereal nuggets. Yeh eat them like grapes.
He didn't think his buddy could do them all in 3 days so he cut slack and said all but 1 boss. NK is the defacto removal.
The agreement was he could skip 1 boss which is effectively the Nameless King.
The agreement was he could skip 1 boss which is effectively the Nameless King.
The agreement was he could skip 1 boss which is effectively the Nameless King.
The agreement was he could skip 1 boss which is effectively the Nameless King.
If he can knock out Aldritch before he quits for the night I'd say he's still got a chance. It's still an uphill battle but I think there's good odds he'll cruise a little bit.
That's a real ball tease leaving us hanging for two days.
Why would 6 &amp; 7 be lumped together but not ~~neither 1 &amp; 2 or~~ 4 &amp; 5?
Doesn't quite have the flair of the top piece, rather looks round and smooth. Might just be Goldeen.
The lack of planning will be the most baffling aspect of the sequels to me. I still think they're "okay". But they threw away any attempt for something better from the get-go by not doing that.
There was a brief hubbub made that week because the hockey team wore 409 stickers to commemorate. Which was a bit strange and silly move in my opinion. Other than that, I don't think there is much acknowledgement anywhere of Paterno's record. Perhaps in the museum in Beaver Stadium, but that's the only place I could imagine.
That could just be inferred as another Agent 007, not James Bond though.
I don't think it's forced, I think it's just exaggerated for what it was. It was much more a Romeo and Juliet style romance than anything concrete. Sokka's interest is because Yue is attractive. Yue's interest is probably that too but also because Sokka is actually hitting on her and giving her attention she didn't get from anybody else. Because the marriage was arranged everyone else at the tribe likely didn't make moves at her, so him being an outsider and courting her was appealing.
Not sure about Sozin, but Roku does. That could be inferred as an Earthbending ability.
You say that, but in my most recent playthrough it took out two summons of mine (at the same time, no less) before we had a 5th if its health down. I sent the 3rd one home and quit out. I wasn't going to try that nonsense.
Myself personally. 10 hour days took a lot out of me wanting to do anything when I got home. But the choice should be there for everyone.
Like the other guy said, the number doesn't mean a concrete value. It just means a fuckload.
It's far more likely it's the type of people who are comfortable with microstransactions in games, impulse purchases at check-outs, or buying cheap knick-knack stuff online or when perusing flea markets or such. They don't have to be millionaires, they're just far likely to justify themselves over one, two, three dollar purchases.
They could be. I think it's far more likely the stories are true, but grossly exaggerated. Lots of people that post there probably are hoping for the attention of being on /r/all. So, they need embellishments to the story, and they need the story to go to 11. So instead of being [Me] and [Customer] it's [The Great and Witty Me] and [Dumbfuck Bitch Demon Karen LOL]. And how they react versus the enemy are also drawn to extremes. It's all story-telling, and that's the priority.
If the player wins the bet, I certainly want a victory lap of it.
All solo I believe.
He's got 7 hours and 4 major bossfights. It's still looking plausible, but how longer it takes him to get through the Archives will be a major determining factor I think.
Yeah the past hour has been a big time sink. Super iffy at the moment if he doesn't close it in the next 14 minutes.
You mean the one closer to the door? I personally just bum rush past everybody going up the steps from the Archives.
You split it across an hour apiece (Castle, Armor, Archives, Princes, Cinder) and it seems pretty possible. But considering how long Champion Gundyr took I'm not terribly sure he'll clear each boss within an hour. A lot will depend if he just gels against a boss.
If he struggled on Champion, I could see either of the other two giving him a struggle as well. It's gonna be a real wait-and-see kind of situation.
There's still too much game to be that clear on it I think.
Only 57%? Must be a dry day.
If he struggles with Armor though, then he'll struggle with all 3. And he flopped for a bit against Gundyr, so I think he's going to be troubled by them. That being said, he's got about an hour to work with for each one (assuming an hour for the Archives), so it's looking favorable for him.
What are you talking about, the guy's only just facing Armor now.
OP's bet was to beat the game and all but one of the mainline optional bosses (Tree, Gundyr, Wyvern, Oceiros, Nameless King) and NK was the defacto freebie.
Make it a bit more fair I think since it's only 3 business days, so the requirement was beat the game with all but one boss (Nameless King being picked).
They were going by business days and not IGT anyway. So the start and stop of each day were agreed on.
He got Dragonslayer Armor down within an hour. I think he can do the same with getting through Archives, Princes, and Soul of Cinder. It'll be narrow though.
90 minutes remain, and he hasn't updated that he's facing the Princes yet. Unless this shit just clicks for him, he's gonna run out of time.
Give us quicker updates man! It's the last hour anyway.
In something under 45 hours too. That's damn good for a first time. I think my first Dark Souls run was 80+ hours on DS1.
