I have a Brother laser printer and it's been relatively painless. I only really use it for tabletop character sheets though.
This is why the cheap Model 3's are taking so long, not enough functioning hearts available to integrate into the vehicle.
This is really cute
They had their purpose in the era of bulky CRTs but in general I agree.
Where’s the third option for letting your mom pick a new name for you? Though the end result ended up being the same as option 1 for me...
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Up_the_Long_Ladder
I wouldn’t call it beautiful, I want the snow back.
The next big thing will be pictures of drivers doing dumb stuff once it snows.
Go for a Russian imperial stout if you want it dark with a high alcohol content.
Well after that debacle where reddit banned the most controversial and offensive communities, people tried to make Voat a thing. But the only people who actually left for Voat were the ones active in those banned communities so as a result, if you go to Voat today, the only posts are crazy far right propaganda and conspiracy theories.
I'm okay with making Nemesis non-canon to have Data be alive.
I kind of want to find those people on Facebook and be like “guess what? I *am* a frickin girl!”
Lol that would explain so much
But going down is the best part of a roller coaster
It’s too bad Dave Chapelle is kind of a transphobe though.
Is it just me or is “Confluence Village” a dumb and cumbersome name? I like the plan but I hope that name is tentative.
Well there’s a lot of rail lines around there, we could call it something rail related like the Railyard. It would also complement the Crew’s old work crew branding.
And the feelings part, there’s a reason lesbian memes all revolve around instant companionship with potential partners.
Because OSU has a large amount of lobbying power and probably ~~paid~~ convinced the creators of this tax to exempt OSU sports.
The set pieces, puppets, and even one of the sweaters from Mister Roger’s Neighborhood are also all on display at the Heinz History Center in Pittsburgh.
Their whole business is creating ugly eyesores, does it really surprise you that they work out of one?
They like to point to Abraham Lincoln and fighting against slavery even though the Republicans were not the conservative party back then. They need to go back 150 years and ignore party ideological shift to find someone who actually stood for any sort of equal rights.
Whoever succeeds Trump might get *two* Nobel Peace Prizes!
Lol I’m pretty sure Ben Kingsley has played like every nationality on the planet.
Just look at those street cars, it’s like this sub’s wet dream.
That was my first thought as well. It would be interesting to attempt to return a disk as a defective product.
I’m sure this has absolutely nothing to do with the controversial abortion ban and deflecting bad press from that right?
My parents and grandmother did this when I got my Gameboy Advance, like they gave me a couple games and then my grandmother hands me this big somewhat heavy box, I open it up and it’s a coffee maker. I must have had a confused face because they then told me to open it, the GBA was sitting in the box on top of a bunch of stuff to weigh it down. I should have known better really, my grandmother loved doing trick stuff like that.
The AK47 is like the official weapon of the post colonial freedom fighter.
It's not even an older Macbook lol. It's one of the later models with the button underneath the trackpad.
What the fuck. Even $100 is too much for an animal, most shelters do discounts on fees when they have too many animals and need to clear space.
All you need is a VHS player and tapes of Bill Nye the Science Guy
I don’t know how it is in Europe but most Indians in the US seem to be in some part of the tech sector and make good money.
cool thanks
&gt; buying into this nonsense could earn you a no good very bad day with the IRS and/or the courts. Not really, most people making tips probably don’t report them on their income taxes. I didn’t. The IRS has better things to do than audit a server at Applebee’s.
They can’t do that because they need another 500 Hilton rooms attached to the convention center. The city needs a 1000 room hotel as part of the convention center to attract bigger events. It’s tall out of necessity and making it shorter wouldn’t achieve the objective for the project. It’s tiny piece of land is the only available parcel, the 670 side is full with the parking garage and the back is taken by loading docks.
I’m sure CNN, owned by $444 billion corporation AT&amp;T, is really concerned with reporting the misdeeds of corporations in the name of journalistic integrity.
&gt; OEM manufacturers Original equipment manufacturer manufacturers
&gt; Breaking News: ~~Christian~~ everyone says something stupid on YouTube.
Retail workers at least get the day off, and decent benefits for a retail job. Meanwhile the Foxconn employees are spending today (and every other day) assembling iPhones, they’re the ones actually toiling in the money mines.
The chicken sandwich at Hot Chicken Takeover
Lol Raising Canes isn't even from here, it's from Louisiana. It's good food though.
TIL there's a roller coaster in the Brewery District
People in Clintonville are notorious NIMBY assholes who push the city to reject any big projects that would change the feel of the neighborhood in any way. So no.
Wow, uh, you too
Or any app for a service that you don't pay for. This includes Google, most website apps, even some free games. Hell, I refuse to use Reddit's app because I have no idea what data Reddit is collecting from it.
I too install The Sims on all of my older Macs.
https://www.chillicothegazette.com/story/news/2019/05/31/ohio-epa-finds-improper-disposal-allen-school-debris-paint-creek/1285198001/ Non amp link because Google is shitty and terrible
Windows software used to check for internal version number, that’s what caused a lot of Vista’s incompatibility because they were XP applications designed to only run on Windows version 5.x, Vista was version 6. The lazy developers that caused this situation switched to excluding “Windows 9*” because Microsoft hadn’t named Windows after a version number since the 90s, so there was a good chance there would never be a conflict. Then Windows 7 happened.
They didn’t even fix it until Windows 10 lol, 8 was 6.2 and 8.1 was 6.3. Microsoft has been terrified of a Vista-like public perception of incompatibility for years.
I’m sure the blame was spineless Paramount executives who didn’t want to risk their franchise on taking a stand. They held off on LGBT inclusion for *years*, and by the time they finally did it, they were jumping on the bandwagon rather than blazing a trail. The show that gave the world television’s first interracial kiss was too chicken to include a gay character. As a long time fan who is also LGBT, it was pretty disappointing to watch them continuously play the “no homo” card.
The state government should not be a place for redneck garbage to inflict their archaic beliefs on the rest of us. I demand it stop now!!!
Bras are easy when you have nothing there, just hook it on and slip your silicone titties into the cups. The real hard part is the makeup, it’s what separates a drag queen from a regular crossdresser. Drag makeup is like the gay version of clown face paint.
Hey, the device name for my iPad has always been [PADD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LCARS#PADD)
It makes sense within the lore of Star Trek, an ancient progenitor race seeded the worlds of the galaxy with DNA based on their own humanoid genome, thus setting the stage for many races to have similar physiology. It’s also worth mentioning that Star Trek does have some races that didn’t descend from this species and thus are not humanoid, such as Odo and the Founders. Most of them are only mentioned off screen due to the high expense of animating them not fitting into a TV budget. That being said, as a huge Trek fan I also like shows such as Farscape because of how alien a world they manage to create.
I’m not saying it wasn’t, I’m just saying they did actually try to explain it. You can actually see later in the shows how they start to leverage computer graphics to make aliens more alien. This is why I don’t have a problem with the Klingon redesign in Discovery, the Klingons were already redesigned once for The Motion Picture, and I have no doubts that if they had the technology back then the Klingons would have been made even more alien like the Discovery ones.
So $5,000 for the monitor, $1,000 for the stand, $6,000 for the Mac Pro That’s $12,000. You can buy a nice certified preowned car for the price of the whole setup. Absolutely insane
They used to target this group too with stuff like Final Cut and Logic Express and upgradable towers attainable to regular people. I’d be all over a modern replacement to the old Mac Pro but $6,000 for a computer is just insane.
[Competing workstations cost half as much](https://store.hp.com/us/en/mdp/desktops/hp-z8-workstation-3074457345617218173-1?jumpid=cp_r12139_us/en/psg/ws_desktops/products/z8-shop-now#!&amp;tab=vao) for similar hardware.
It’s because this month is pride month and companies suddenly try to pander to gays for the whole month.
Capitalism is unfortunately more compatible with fascism than with anything left of centrism :/
Lol
Drag is a performance art, most of the people who do it don’t have gender dysphoria nor do they consider themselves trans. You’re trying to take a principled stand on something you don’t understand.
I haven’t seen it in years, is there a famous football player in it or something?
Sorry but no.
PA gas tax is the reason I always make sure I fill up in Ohio before venturing into PA.
Most people were expecting a new version of the old Mac Pro. There’s a huge crowd currently building hackintoshes who would buy a $2,500 - $3,000 tower with decent specs. The “just buy an iMac” argument doesn’t work here. I was hoping my next computer would be another Mac Pro, but now I’ll probably be carving out the old cheese grater and putting a hackintosh in there instead.
To explain what I mean by this, obviously capitalism can exist with both. But it’s much more difficult and requires a more robust legal structure to create a social democracy than it is to have a fascist capitalist state. Unchecked capitalism will tend to force the resources into the hands of fewer and fewer people, and those people will do whatever is possible to retain their power and control.
Maybe we can organize a protest in front of Larry Householder’s house like the ones they used to do for Pat Tiberi.
I’m still not sure who that machine is for. Yeah it’s got a nice display and the GPU is okay for now, but a modular machine would let you upgrade the GPU, while with the Mac Pro you either make an external GPU work or get a new machine. It seems kind of a poor value to me.
The hard part is the case, you pretty much need to use an old Mac Pro case because all of the PC cases made now are ugly RGB fish tanks.
I kind of think that if they don't plan to have kids and had no idea they were related beforehand, it's perfectly fine. They're genetically related but it's not like the man was a part of OP's life to a degree that makes him at all OP's father.
Apparently in the 2012 vote it's about 5%. Probably because most realize that as a mainly tourism focused economy it's beneficial for them to be attached to a large and wealthy country. Puerto Rico totally deserves to be a state. Hell, they've been American territory longer than some of the actual states.
It was hilarious when they rolled him out to every national TV talk show to defend the fucking space force.
Mine too, it’s amazing that it still works so smoothly after all these years.
No I didn’t, I’ll have to look out for that.
&gt; it has kind of morphed to just be this crushingly depressing series of awful things happening to O'Brien. So, Deep Space 9?
Hitler didn’t want to destroy everything just to create chaos, he wanted a blank slate to build his empire upon. Berlin was to be [rebuilt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germania_(city\)) into a new Roman style capital for what was essentially to be a new Germanic Roman Empire. The Nazi party actually employed teams of architects who would have been in charge of rebuilding cities to match this image had they won the war. I’m not sure why you think Hitler just wanted to cause chaos, Nazi ideology may have been terrible but it’s pretty clearly laid out what their goals and intentions were.
Eh, culturally Canadians are more like Americans. Canadians love guns and even gridiron football.
Okay let me put it another way: rural Canadians love guns as much as rural Americans, and urban Canadians dislike guns as much as urban Americans.
You’re right, a douche is a cleaning product He was a piece of shit
You realize that most of the Trump voters were white male landowners right?
My 2006 Mac Pro has 6 GB of ram, 2 256 GB SSDs, and a Radeon HD 5770. It’s quite useful for a lot modern things. Really the only thing holding it back is that Firefox dropped support for Snow Leopard.
You’re just salty that us pop drinkers in the “flyover” cities can get the same level of fun shit to do and also have houses within our reach to purchase.
The other SSD is my Windows XP boot camp volume lol It’s no big deal really, I have a newer computer next to it that’s up to date. The software configuration on this machine is quite intentional.
The Federation is a utopian communist society built on tolerance and diversity. I don’t get it either.
I’m pretty sure Jordan Peterson claims the same thing.
Do you mean OS or hardware? A laptop you can pretty much only upgrade the RAM, if it’s a PowerBook then it never got SATA so storage updates are limited.
If it’s a MacBook Pro then yes it has SATA and can fit an SSD. I just assumed PowerBook lol.
Oh I’m not talking about a MacBook, I did all of those upgrades to a Mac Pro tower, i.e. the cheese grater.
I think most people here probably support legalization (including me). It is reddit after all.
"Star Wars Super Bombad Racing" Oh god that title
The goth and punk scenes are just hatching grounds for eggs lol
I use Aurora too, it’s great. I prefer the cherry switches Corsair uses, it’s too bad the game specific lighting is only officially on Razer stuff.
Is that the place you can see from 270 between the Cleveland Ave and 71 exits?
I hope they did it as a joke because it’s kind of hilarious. If it’s all cosmetic then it’s absolutely perfect, it’s like a parody of a ricer.
You’ll need to get an IDE USB external enclosure, I think you can still get them on Amazon, there are also tons of used ones on eBay.
The house is full of carbon monoxide. The sentence is grammatically incorrect in that it implies the house is the thing that's poisoned.
Politicians care more about corporate support than they do bigots. The campaign contribution power for the religious right is minuscule next to the Fortune 500s. I hate the game but if we have to play it at least we’re on the winning side.
And honestly Weyoun should have been number 1. He’s probably one of the best Trek villains ever.
The Warrior of Light Tasks
I like the show overall, but IMO Seth MacFarlane isn’t a strong enough actor to really carry it.
Nah, Star Trek is historically juvenile when it comes to sex. See: The Enterprise decontamination room scenes where they rub each other down with that gel, Everything related to Risa, that episode of Voyager where Harry gets an STD, etc.
I wish they had done that, it would have made it disc-less like PC. Instead consoles still make you choose between using the disc and getting cheap physical sale prices or fixed digital store prices for disc-less.
Kameo is such an underrated game
That makes us Flavortown
Oh man I grew up next door to one of those and we always thought it was a Sears catalog house
The box car they lived in for the first book gets moved to the yard of the person who adopts them and it becomes their hangout space for the rest of the books.
We must be nice to our robot friends so they spare us after the uprising
So Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo don’t buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo?
Odo’s flippant attitude toward this doesn’t make sense. You would think that their status as an invasive species that threatens ecosystems would be more well known.
I’ve done dating both as a man and as a woman and honestly it evens out. It just instead of getting inundated by creeps and dick pics, you just get radio silence until you find “the one.” I suppose you could make the argument that it’s easier for women since a lot of men come to you, but really I think you’re just trading a blind search for sorting through hay to find the needle. Same effort, different approach.
I live in the US and I knew that
It’s hard to keep things together when the rich and powerful try to stage a coup by hoarding goods to intentionally create shortages in an attempt to provoke American intervention to let them take power from the people. The whole narrative that Maduro is some banana republic dictator is false anti-communist propaganda. Maduro is legitimate democratically elected leader of Venezuela and is still popular with the working non-billionaire class people.
Lol
Ouch I’m only 30, RIP
I miss TUAW
I’m pretty sure if you did this with both a 12” MacBook and 12” iPad Pro, the iPad would actually be the faster side
IMO the uniforms from Khan thru Undiscovered Country are the best Trek uniforms
I had to pick it up when I saw it because I like that it matches the orange GameCube controller
[Each shelf can hold 160 pounds](https://www.lowes.com/pd/Style-Selections-30-5-in-H-x-23-in-W-x-13-4-in-D-3-Tier-Steel-NSF-Certified-Freestanding-Shelving-Unit/999990400), so yeah
Kinda. [The sheriff of Monroe County, Michigan, was stabbed with a pen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toledo_War#Bloodshed_in_1835) (non-lethal) and was the only casualty of the war.
I'm not sure if you're joking but in the 19th century, Toledo was an important port providing all of the farm land in the Maumee River valley export access to the world. The state who won the war would get to collect taxes on all of those goods.
Meh it’s how I played it when it was new so it feels right.
CRTs were more common in the GameCube era, flat LCDs weren't the norm until the Wii era.
I still have a lot of VHS tapes so it’s neat to keep around.
Uh no, why?
[Lowes](https://www.reddit.com/r/retrogaming/comments/c255ey/i_recently_got_an_n64_i_was_only_able_to_play_on/erhu5r7/)
&gt; As you see I’m a Democratic The Republicans don’t even think we’re valid so I feel like this is a given lol
Someone go in and suggest that fantasy light rail map that gets posted here all the time
I got it from Lowe’s
I put a link to the actual stand somewhere in the thread to someone doubting it can hold a CRT. It’s a utility shelf that can hold things way heavier than the TV.
If you stop the page right before it directs to the locked version it’s readable: &gt; The timeline for a new MLS stadium for the Columbus Crew SC is a tight one, but it's all happening for a reason. That's per Ted Tywang, a representative of the team's new ownership group, which includes Cleveland Browns owners Jimmy and Dee Haslam and Pete Edwards, the team's longtime physician-turned-owner. The group aims to break ground on the team's new Arena District stadium in October so it can open in the summer of 2021 – halfway through the MLS season, which starts in early March. To get there, the group has a handful of dates already in its calendar. According to a draft agreement released earlier this week, the owners hope to complete their acquisition of the stadium site by Aug. 15 and break ground on Oct. 29, setting up a July 1, 2021 completion of the stadium itself. &gt; &gt; "All of this is based around a construction timeline," Tywang said. "We are currently barreling towards an October shovel-in-the-ground date." &gt; &gt; Why is that October construction date so important, particularly to a group that saved the team from relocation just six months ago? And why are they targeting a July opening, rather than one at the start of a season? &gt; &gt; "We want to open when the weather is great and warm, and where we can have concerts or festivals to really show off this space to the public," Tywang said. "We are really excited to complete the Arena District and establish a new place for the community." &gt; &gt; Furthermore, as co-owner Pete Edwards told Columbus Business First earlier this year, "attendance (at Mapfre) could be better." As of June 8, according to Soccer Stadium Digest, the Crew SC ranked 23rd out of 24 teams in the league for attendance, with an average of 12,930 fans per game. Discussions about saving the team – and building enthusiasm for it – have long stressed the importance of a new downtown stadium, something Crew head coach Caleb Porter recently called a "game changer." According to Tywang, soft summer openings for downtown stadiums are a "growing trend." They offer the chance for concerts and festivals, and add excitement to the second half of the season. &gt; &gt; Specifically, Tywang cited D.C. United, which played its first game in its new stadium in mid-2018. On the flip side, Nashville SC, an expansion team, recently announced it would wait until the start of the 2022 season to move into its new stadium, rather than moving in the middle of 2021 when the stadium is likely to be completed. To get a sense of how Columbus' plans stack up to other cities' recently completed or ongoing stadium projects, Columbus Business First researched comparable projects in half a dozen other markets, including Nashville and D.C. Like Columbus', many new stadiums cost in the $200 million range, although some (like Miami's) add hundreds of millions more when surrounding mixed-use developments are factored in. Construction timelines, generally, range from 17 months to a little more than 20. Check out the slideshow below for a more in-depth look at how similar projects in other markets stack up to what Columbus has in the works.
The other kids in school picking on me and calling me a faggot thought I was a gay boy, I sure proved them wrong by being a gay girl. I could have done without the loneliness and crying back then though...
Bernie bro was just a dumb ploy by Clinton supporters to shame people who voted or wanted to vote for Bernie in the primary into voting for Clinton. She was just such a bland milquetoast Liberal that they had to resort to dirty stuff just to stay on top. I know a lot of women who prefer Bernie both then and now (including myself)
I want pink hair. The dress code stuff at work doesn’t explicitly prohibit it...
The whole idea of carrying on a family name is dumb unless you’re like royalty or some shit. Even then it’s still dumb, but for different reasons (down with the monarchy 😈)
I work for a bank (software development) with mostly middle age people and I’m kind of a wuss lol
Hiiiiiii Julie I found you on reddit
I think you’re thinking of the iBooks. This model is probably the easiest modern Apple laptop to access the hard drive for.
This argument ignores how words work. The word discover is a term used relative to the subject. To all of Europe, including the Scandinavians who had for the most part forgotten about Leif Ericsson’s trip to Newfoundland, Columbus made them aware of the existence of America. When someone says “Columbus discovered America” they’re almost always speaking from a European perspective. Because of this implied perspective, the usage of the word “discovered” here is consistent with its meaning. This usage of the term isn’t implying that the continent was empty or disparaging the native people, it’s just conveying the surprise to Europeans that there’s a continent here where they expected just a vast ocean.
I’m convinced Apple held back a lot of design elements for the MacBook in order to make the Intel machines look even better than their predecessors. While the iBooks were decent computers, the MacBooks were so overwhelmingly better at the time that there was almost no comparison.
You can’t say they’ve been begging for it for forty years and then just ignore that time we took down their democratically elected government and replaced it with a king. The US is responsible for the situation in Iran. I’d be pretty pissed too if some other country, say Russia, came in and tried to replace our government with a moronic despot. Oh wait a minute...
I still want her fancy dress lol
No it’s the one where the town becomes a post apocalyptic tribal community of children after all of their parents get arrested.
That's always pride weekend so we can call it Gay Columbus Day
It reminds me of Otto Matic
I thought Jake was written pretty well
Actually they don’t, Pepperidge Farm was founded in the late 30s, but the early popularity of electric cars died out by 1920.
Mowing the lawn as a kid got me on the path to condo ownership
I had never heard of joker before they put him in smash
Blame the fucking puritans, everything bland and shitty in American culture is their fault.
Raising Canes is the shit, it’s probably my favorite chicken place. I’ll be incredibly disappointed if I find out they’re funding homophobia.
You're missing the wider picture though. The people who voted Trump live in a media bubble where climate change isn't real, Obama is an African immigrant who illegally became president, and the pussy grabbing stuff was "just a joke and not a big deal" or something like that. In a way, these people were misled because all of the evidence the rest of us saw was filtered and spun for this audience by a party who just wants their rubber stamp in the White House no matter the cost.
There will never be a good way to break it to anyone. Coming out means putting yourself in an extremely vulnerable state, especially if you’ve spent all of your life reinforcing your brain to hide this stuff. The best way to do it is rip off the bandaid and awkwardly stammer it out.
Allure of the Seas isn’t an ocean liner though, that’s a distinct class of ship that refers to passenger vessels designed to regularly withstand rough seas during ocean crossings. The Queen Mary 2 is actually the only operating ocean liner in existence and the only one ever constructed in the 21st century so referring to it as the largest ocean liner is sort of cheating in a way.
I think he also did it because he liked Carter explaining things to him.
I never see computers at the local thrift store. The closest I've seen is a few ISA cards one time.
Is it bad that my first thought is that I've seen this configuration in hentai?
Some day I hope to join the vagina club
It’s also worth noting that the colleges that are closing are all private. Tuition has gotten to the point that if you’re going to go to college, a private liberal arts education just isn’t worth the money anymore save for a handful of people from wealthy families. The best bang for your buck by far is public universities and those are still doing fine.
This was something I had to talk my mom in to, she insisted that she would refer to me in the past as male. I finally convinced her not to by pointing out that going back and forth would make it harder for her to retrain herself in the present.
Probably, but those are going to cater toward those wealthy people I mentioned. Unless you get a very big scholarship, attending one of those schools as a “regular person” is going to be a gamble in terms of payoff.
Most of the noteworthy Macs from the 90s had relatively generic cases, and aren’t really that memorable to non-enthusiasts.
^^^^^My ^^^^^mom ^^^^^picked ^^^^^out ^^^^^my ^^^^^new ^^^^^name
So... female Robin Hood basically?
I own one of those iMacs and my first thought is holy hell his legs must have been sore after sitting there for that shoot
If I was an optimist I would say that they both support LGBT rights *and* are just donating to whoever lets their horrible business agenda get through the government while disdaining the anti-LGBT beliefs. But let’s face it, all of these companies don’t really give a shit about LGBT rights, it’s all about the benjamins baby
Yo Mike our girl is cute and pretty So check out how we live, in the catgirl city
Luckyyyyyy I always wanted one of those
Sounds great to me. Guns are stupid things for stupid people.
More like obstruction of justice
Ugh I can’t help you but I share the wide feet woes. I’m interested in replies because I’m size 13. I’d love it if I could wear flats and not have it make my foot spill out and look like a flipper.
Is it like the Blue Jackets stadium where the team barely pays any rent while the county gets to shell out for upgrades and renovations? These fucking teams should have to own their stadiums or not play, it's simple as that.
Well yeah, everything is better than being dead
If I were a dictator I would ban chewing gum too. It gets on my nerves to be around people and hear them chewing their cud. That sound of smacking gum is like nails on a chalkboard to me.
You could make the argument that McMurdo Station and maybe a few other year round manned stations are actually cities. McMurdo has shops and ATMs, and at one point had a broadcast TV station. In short, this is inaccurate.
You know, I started being against the troops as an edgy teen during the early days of the Iraq War and just never stopped because they’ve never given me a reason to come around. EDIT: I feel like I should clarify my stance on this based on replies. I don’t hate the people who actually work for the military, I hate the status we give the military and the language we use to describe it. There’s a big problem in how we talk about the military. Words like hero, service, etc. all serve to undeservedly deify those those who sign up just to do a job. We don’t give any other class of worker special treatment, or make bumper stickers and shit about how great they are. I hate the jingoism, I hate the dogma and propaganda. I support the troops insofar as voting for politicians who are against war (which gets more and more difficult) and providing them medical care and shit, though I think that should be provided to everyone anyways. I support a general disengagement from all these stupid conflicts and a shrinking of the military itself, with more importance placed on joint defense with allies.
If you’re only going by a strictly legal definition then sure, since there is no government then there can’t be any legal cities. But the definition of what a city is isn’t really agreed upon, which is why I said you could make the argument. Under some definitions, a permanent, year round settlement like McMurdo is basically a city. Sure it’s mostly a scientific settlement, but there are also support personnel living there. In a sense, it operates as a society much like a small city on the other continents would.
Do they fit a manual? I have some with manuals but not boxes.
John Luck Pickerd
It kind of looks like either a napkin holder or a recipe card holder.
Is there a gay trans man version of transbians? It could be a solution.
I guess it wasn’t clear, I was talking about trans guys dating other trans guys.
Dress code isn’t really a concern. I prefer dressing more femme but I’m always worried people will think I’m putting on an act or something and being inauthentic. I don’t want people to think I’m some sort of pale imitation
Boxers always made my thighs chafe when I wore them as a guy. I find almost any style of panty to be way more comfortable.
No, back then Nintendo made a USB wireless adapter to let your DS share your PC's internet connection without using WiFi just for this situation.
There’s a guy out there who added deleted scenes into each episode, you can download them all as I did.
It would be neat if they made them meld more with the city, maybe with small houses and such on the sides of the districts that touch other districts or the city center. That would make the districts feel more like a part of the city rather than its own thing.
It’s not kind of, that’s literally what TERFs think trans women are
Where does one get these?
I should have specified, I was asking where you get jerseys lol
Uh, that river in Chicago is called the Chicago River.
The good old days when The Bottoms was the most significant part of Franklin County
IMO if you’re going to keep Mac OS on these then it really should be running OS 9, it’s what they shipped with and something about that OS just feels right on those machines.
I believe Macintosh garden has ISOs of the original install discs it shipped with, which would install the other bundled software like AppleWorks and Bugdom.
The most disappointing thing about that is not seeing Jude Law get it on with a man
&gt; wizards/witches (goddamnit Rowling just use the term mages or something!). The whole wizard and witch thing always bothered me because those are two different things, not just different gender terms for the same thing. It would have been better if she had made everyone a wizard regardless or gender (since that’s basically what most magic users in the word are) and if she wanted to include witches, make it actually mean people specializing in witchcraft (like potions and divination and shit)
Oh the bottle on the right is not frozen? I assumed both had been warped by the freezer and were not a normal shape.
I feel like a lock that old isn’t really protecting much of anything, I would imagine it’s way easier to pick that lock than a modern one.
I mean USB doesn’t technically refer to the connector, but the data interface. USB with non standard connectors exists, such as the controller ports on the original Xbox.
The G4 is perfect for that. I mean really it’s just how I feel, I’m not making any sort of rule here.
Okay Tyler Durden
Um... do you have a link?
Which makes it inexcusable that they had William Shatner on there but not Leonard Nimoy
I just wish Apple would kick Yelp to the curb and create their own reviews system
At least it will be falling apart 10-15 years from now, just in time to build some actual towers.
No but they do slightly reshape the lines of the face enough to change perception of gender.
lol A large percentage of trans people don't look like women after hormones because they're trans men on T. The fact that you missed that lets on that you have no idea what the fuck you're talking about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbBzhqJK3bg&amp;t=3s
I started hormones at 27 and didn't need surgery to pass
Yay metroparks
Everyone here has some unsupportive friends and family if they don’t recognize that. People in my family who comment on my collection always think it’s neat, I have all of the smash, Zelda, and Splatoon Amiibo and it takes up an entire bookcase.
The annoying thing about the "microtransactions are okay because it's just cosmetic" argument is that it ignores the fact that these cosmetic items used to be free things you got as unlockable items in game. But even then, just making you pay for it is one thing, hiding it behind gambling is just criminal. Because now you're encouraging people, especially children as they tend to play more free to play games, to gamble to get these items. And with their friends are picking on them for not having the hot skins, they have no choice. Allowing kids to play Fortnite is basically like setting them loose in a casino with all of their friends on the sidelines jeering them for not pumping more money into the slot machine. Microtransactions are insidious and evil, and anyone who doesn't see them as such fails to remember what being a child is like and how gambling can negatively affect people prone to addiction.
If not even OP reads the linked article then the world is really going to hell.
Kind of, I think in situations like this Ferrari just bans you from ever buying cars from them. They might ban you from official service as well.
It’s a standard comeback sauce, there are different versions of it all over Mississippi and Louisiana.
X-Play was TechTV
I came here to mention General Korok because I thought they state he was assimilated at Wolf 359 in the episode. But since Memory Alpha doesn’t list it I could be mistaken. I’m not sure if there are any other Borg/Klingon interactions we know about where he could have been assimilated though.
Back in the day I always upgraded with copied discs friends made for me
TIL Discover University lets you become Iron Man
&gt; I have no problem dying for America. Can you say the same? nope
Don’t worry though, he’s [100% real human](https://www.tedcruzforhumanpresident.com/), he even attached a hair unit to his face to fit in
[Under current law, no](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuaua_v._United_States) However there is [another case](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/12/13/us/american-samoa-us-citizenship.html) currently going through the courts where a judge ruled that they do receive citizenship under the 14th Amendment. I fully expect Trump’s Justice Department to appeal this so the legal battles are far from finished.
Dirty Mike and the boys might use it as a fuck shack
&gt; Kurisumasu ni wa Kentakkii Correct me if I'm wrong but did they just take "Kentucky" and "Christmas" and put it into syllables that exist in Japanese? Sort of like [Mele Kalikimaka](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mele_Kalikimaka) in Hawaiian
I love New Orleans but I could never live there, it's just too damn hot. I've visited tons of times and have local friends who help me avoid the touristy shit, it's always a blast.
They're sold as wired because wireless adds latency and mechanical keyboards are typically sold as high end, high performance devices.
Lol those are both conservative opinion sites. I'm not lying, these sources are full of shit and are trying to promote the fascist Zionist ideology.
I heard a lot of the really crazy shit like that would end up getting removed after the show
You should try to get them loaded into [this still operating Episode I Pepsi machine](https://imgur.com/1wUO9OT) in Pittsburgh
It's like a Klan hat you can wear in public!
TBH the continuity errors aren’t really bad for this kind of show, they’re all little things you only notice after watching through like 10 times. The only ones that bug me are the ones related to the flanderization of the characters, such as retconning all of Kevin’s intelligence so he can be the butt of all the big fat idiot jokes.
Dude the Kirkland brand movie theater butter popcorn is really good and you get 44 bags for like 10 bucks
Because Thomas the Tank Engine has a red bumper, duh
Yeah I disagree with the premise of this thread, donating money to rebuild Notre Dame is not the same thing as a donation to the Catholic Church. Notre Dame is a national symbol of France owned by the French government and lent to the church, who pays for the utilities, security, staff, etc. The French government is responsible for maintaining the building and will be conducting the rebuilding, not the church. Besides, these days, it’s far more important as a collection of art and as a tourist destination than it is as a church. I would argue that the church services held within are more of a pageantry to provide cultural context for the building’s historical purpose and should continue even if Christianity died out as a religion.
Well the properties listed in the article would be nearly impossible to attack. I believe Mar-a-lago is now the official residence of a US president now that he moved to Florida, so it has secret service and military protection out the ass. Trump tower likely still does as well. The Trump Washington hotel is located in the DC no fly zone and would have blanket protection simply from being in the capital. Maybe they could do something with the other less famous properties but I highly doubt a country such as Iran could achieve such a thing in a post 9/11 United States. This is most likely fear mongering and not an actual indication of their tactical plans. Then again, I could also see Trump letting someone blow his shit up if it means he gets Bush style post-attack fervor pushing him into a second term... After all, the longer he stays president, the longer he is protected from any sort of charges for his numerous crimes.
I tend to think you can hate the dogma and reality of religions while respecting its influence on culture, art, and history. Catholicism and it’s ilk have done horrible things in their history but have also shaped humanity for better or for worse and that history is something worth understanding and preserving.
Pft Windows? /r/hackintosh would like a word
It’s not that hard if you follow guides and buy the right parts, and as far as high end graphics cards, the Radeon VII works well and the 5700xt is supported in Catalina.
It looks like it may also be for packaging graphics
Probably, I’ll need to remember to do this if I’m ever job searching again
That’s a good one too, I hadn’t thought of that
The Exchange was my gold standard used game store until I found a store in Columbus that sells used PC games, and not just 50 million sims 2 and 3 expansions like half price books
Was that FireGL ever officially available? You can also usually get the official cards sold by Apple as upgrade kits for reasonable prices on eBay.
I got my Mac Pro from a computer recycler, I added more ram, a better GPU, and SSDs for both Snow Leopard (it can run higher but this machine is for funsies and I consider Snow Leopard to be the pinnacle of Mac OS design) and Windows XP (for old games) The thing still screams and is quite capable for a machine it’s age.
I don’t really understand why we need 5G right now. LTE is fast enough, I’d rather have a bigger data cap over faster speeds.
I wish the new Mac Pro was as affordable as the old ones, I really want one.
That weird nazi subreddit ruined “fren” for me, every time I see it I assume it’s some white supremacist dog whistle.
Furries get a bad rap on the internet. Most of them are nice people sharing art and shit with each other. Yes there’s porn, but that exists in every fandom. They don’t deserve anywhere near the hate they get.
This is why I only use Apple Pay (the google alternative works here too) on card accepting vending machines, it’s much more secure than using an actual card
Oh shit thanks for the tip, I’ve wanted one of these for a while and I’m probably going to go refurbished when I get one now.
All of these smile bots are like the robot version of “you should smile more, you look so pretty when you smile” It’s so patronizing and I wish they would go away.
What if I told you that you can have all of those concerns with gaming as a whole while still enjoying games for what they are? There’s this weird misconception that people arguing for better female and LGBT representation in games are somehow frothing at the mouth when they look at the Steam store and boycotting everything that doesn’t fit some idealized standard. In reality, we play everything while also publicly criticizing choices that could have been better. Criticism like this isn’t some black and white decree on whether a thing is good or not, it’s a statement meant to start nuanced discussions of how things can improve in the future.
&gt; Baptists are dicks ~~when it comes to money~~ FTFY
Once uterus transplants become a more understood thing, there will probably be a line of trans women waiting to get one. There are some who experience distress over being incapable of menstruation and by extension the ability to become pregnant, it makes them feel incomplete or not "full" women.
When I was a kid, my grandmother always insisted Columbus was great because it was within a 2 and a half hour drive from any part of the state. Also, that map put Memphis in the wrong place lol, it should be just outside the radius at the southwestern most tip of Tennessee.
I never thought of that, it probably is because I have a larger size
It was my first online community, I was on it during the same time period. It was a big part of my high school years, I had a bunch of the donation items I bought when I got my first job.
I mean I get why they did it, the Columbus-Memphis route is still easily doable in a day, my SO’s parents are from there so we’ve done it several times. It’s also economically important since Memphis is a logistics hub thanks to FedEx.
Old UNIX programmers would call it a hash
I’ve been sending tons of Galarian Ponyta out on wonder trade while trying to get a shiny, other people likely are too
The best response to those questions is to laugh at them for not knowing how the three seashells work
It’s like the car version of a PC case side window
Version checks in legacy software looking for a blanket OS name of "Windows 9*" to target Windows 95 and 98. If Microsoft had made a new OS then all of this software would have crashed, it would have been a huge compatibility disaster like the one that tarnished Vista's reputation.
95 and 98 are not an NT kernel, they're older DOS based kernels. Windows NT 4 was a [completely separate product](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_NT_4.0) available around the same time as Windows 95. The reason they couldn't use Windows 9 is because a lot of older software and websites looks for an OS name of "Windows 9*" to execute special code for Windows 95 and 98. It would have been a disaster on the scale of Windows Vista where everyone's ancient printer would stop working and no one would upgrade.
I still feel bad because I introduced a friend in college to WoW and he did the same thing and started blowing off class work to play. After that semester, I sort of felt like it was my fault things went to shit for him, though thankfully he got everything back on track and eventually graduated.
I mean, in an ideal world we would do this with every military
lol you realize that LGBT people (including trans people) were also rounded up and killed in the Holocaust right?
lol wut I think you're confused, for a lot of reasons
yep, I do
For real, I really wanted a laptop when I was in high school but I had to make do with my desktop - a used beige Power Mac G3
They’re not talking about male circumcision.
Probably somewhere in China, they’re not interested in making fancy stores anywhere else anymore.
Or military contracting for all of the troops now going to the Middle East
That’s because all of the high roses are at the conservatory or the park of roses, not downtown
I almost never see the rural side of Ohio so it’s weird to see someone call something like this an example of the whole state.
I’ve considered doing this but I’m worried my credit isn’t associated with my new name yet. Credit Karma still won’t let me change name with them because they say the credit bureau doesn’t have my new name yet.
Yeah it’s a uTorrent exclusive in the US
Yes, the joke is that torrenting is preferable to CBS’ half baked streaming service.
Yes but most Christians treat Judaism more like a prequel than like the true original.
Wow amp has even infected links to reddit itself
You should, just because they do some things redditors like doesn’t make them benevolent. For example, Bill Gates has been spending millions for decades to try and defund public schools and push support for charter schools.
Hey, if you’re going to die soon anyways, why not kill some brain cells and collect some diseases on the way out?
That’s why the main character has a dumb assistant named Dwigt
They’re using chrome, so close enough
Because the person who died there is now haunting it as a ghost. I’m not trying to be funny, that’s a legit answer for a lot of people. People tend to get bad vibes from places where bad things happen.
Well if we’re going to make this a real policy than it can be fleshed out to avoid those concerns. Perhaps the permit is easier to get for smaller, lower price units and landlords must provide proof of occupancy such as lease agreements? To me, the idea that something is a bad idea just because someone will take advantage of a loophole is a flawed argument. Conservative media has been using that argument for years to try and turn people against overall successful welfare programs with unsubstantiated claims that “welfare queens” are abusing the system.
First point, we know that transporting over long distances is pretty risky. Every time it’s done, it’s usually in some sort of life or death situation. We also know that keeping anything in the transporter pattern buffer is also risky. I would also imagine that much of the goods sent via cargo ship are raw materials meant as input to the replicators. I don’t believe that replicators aren’t just converting matter from raw energy, you would need absurd amounts of power, even in a world with anti-matter reactors. I subscribe to the theory that they actually transform matter instead, and that the large saucer interiors of Federation ships contain replicator material storage rooms where recycled waste and raw inputs combine to be used by replicators throughout the ship. Since you likely are not getting 1 to 1 recycling of matter, every ship and starbase with this system needs regular fresh input matter. Holding such goods in a replicator is likely more energy consuming than just operating a small transport ship, most of them are probably just going between starbases and the nearest planet. I would imagine it would take a larger amount of power to send goods over long distance than just beaming from point to point on a planet or from planet to orbit. While the Federation does have access to large amounts of power, it’s not unlimited. Multiple episodes involve the Federation attempting to gain new and more powerful power sources. Using power to suspend or transmit all of these goods would likely be seen as more wasteful than just sending cargo ships. While the Federation doesn’t use money or financial systems, it would still want to operate in the most efficient manner possible. Given the risk and the exorbitant power use, it’s no wonder they choose to use transport ships instead.
If OP took screenshots and sent them to Blizzard I would imagine they would ban the affected accounts.
That’s too bad, it would have been way funnier
I wish I hadn’t let my mom throw away my old Tandy 1000 as a teenager :/
&gt; when people opt for the only accessible stall simply because they like the space, despite other ones being open That makes no sense, what are they doing with the extra stall space, taking a nap on the floor?
Fuck Mecca yours is way cooler
It's a shame there's nowhere along 670 to stop for a pic because the view of the skyline from there is the best. All of the tower clumps are in one frame and it looks more dense.
I would imagine if you drove from Columbus, GPS would tell you to take 33 to Parkersburg and get on 77 there
The best system is all the systems. I’ve considered getting a PS4 to have everything but every game seems to be a “I’m not 100% sure I’ll play the hell out of this”. I don’t want to buy another dust collecting magnet like my Xbox One is :/
Yeah I just worry I won't have enough time to play them lol, I already have lots of Switch games I've barely played.
Yeah like they don’t even try to edit down his weird muppet neck
I spray painted the black bits of my PC case that color
More ethnic than the bland shitty American culture
That still makes me feel old lol
&gt; I've been transitioning for over two years, and despite having supportive family and friends, not one of them has ever asked "are things going okay with your transition?" Huh, my mom asks me this all the time and I always think it's weird because I never really face any sort of real hardship from having transitioned.
The startup chime was part of what made a Mac a Mac. It’s like Macs aren’t even Macs anymore. What are they going to remove next, the menu bar?
I do hate that they didn’t make the second camera on the regular iPhone 11 a 2x one like on the iPhone X. I use that one more than the regular zoom and it’s kind of annoying that I would need to get the pro one just for that.
Hey be nice to Don Jr.
You don’t bite the hand that feeds you and expect to still get fed unless you’re able to somehow get the food yourself
If you and your husband are okay with trying such a thing, perhaps a poly lifestyle would let you get what you want without leaving your husband.
He’s that generic white brofile with a selfie of him sitting in his truck wearing sunglasses and the camera pointed from below his neckline as a shitty attempt to make him look larger than life.
These snowflakes don’t support the troops, they would see His Majesty’s soldiers sleep in the cold rather than quarter them in their own houses! If they don’t love it they should leave it for the Indian Reserve!
I wasn’t necessarily referring to his stature but this archetype’s need to appear important and in charge.
Those ghost pepper Nazis are so spicy they killed their supposed communist brethren
In The Sims the Pleasant family was waiting in the menus for the player to place them in the world, they have a house in The Sims 2. I could be wrong but iirc one of the Caliente sisters from The Sims 2 was married to a deceased Michael Bachelor, another one of the premade families from The Sims. And then of course you have the Goths, the Sims Unleashed included Mortimer’s parents living in a mansion in Old Town.
The Sims 3 was supposed to be a “prequel” to the original game
The Matrix 4: The Wachowskis Want More Money
There really isn’t an insult for white people that comes anywhere near that word because white people lack the history of being treated as subhuman property that the n-word is meant to evoke.
[Wind turbines kill fewer birds than power lines and cell towers](https://science.howstuffworks.com/environmental/green-science/wind-turbine-kill-birds.htm), the idea that wind power is this bird murdering monster is right wing, climate change denying propaganda. I agree that there’s a place for nuclear, though as part of a nuclear buildout we need to finish the [Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yucca_Mountain_nuclear_waste_repository) as power plants currently store nuclear waste on site in casks. But if we’re really going to move away from fossil fuels, then renewable energy should also be a component. Our state is covered in farm fields where multiple wind turbines could be plopped down, but because of the shitty state laws requiring absurd land setbacks from turbines, this ends up being impractical. Let’s cover parking lots with solar panels, cover the fields with wind turbines, and yes, build modern nuclear plants.
We aren’t talking about people, we’re talking about birds, which already die in flocks from hitting various man made structures. It’s disingenuous to present this threat that exists for any sort of structure as something unique to wind turbines. Birds probably also die from flying into nuclear plants, should we not build those too?
Unless there are third party options for the Airport slot I don't know about, you need a USB WiFi adapter. The Airport Extreme cards are not backwards compatible.
Yeah, I've been a huge supporter of gun control in the past (hell, I hate guns and wish we could be rid of them altogether) but lately I'm starting to feel like the left has shit the bed and needs to start stocking up for the inevitable civil war...
Well in my utopia a lot of things I don’t like wouldn’t exist
&gt; Majority of companies don’t actually pay at min wage and they’re generally higher. How much higher? Because most basic wage work when it does pay higher is maybe $2-3 more which is still not a living wage. &gt; But a lot of people think just because they picked the wrong place to work and refuse to apply elsewhere, that pay higher for the same basic skills. This really does not exist. If your only skill is working as a cashier then good luck finding more than minimum. &gt; Min wage is supposed to give you access to the basic amenities and resources to have a basic life. Not an extravagant one. That means basic phone, apartment,car, etc. The concept you’re looking for is a living wage, and minimum wage is not that. A person making the current minimum wage of $8.70 assuming 40 hours a week is making $18,096 on one job. That’s before taxes, so take home pay will be lower. If you consider that the average apartment price in Columbus is $941, unless you can share with a roommate (which is likely not possible if you have children, and many wage workers do) then you’re spending over half your pay on rent alone. Then add in utilities, food (this person is probably receiving SNAP but that usually isn’t enough to pay for all food), car related expenses like gas (the cheaper the car the more likely it is to need maintenance), and other non-luxury expenses like clothing and grooming (don’t want to lose that minimum job over failure to keep up grooming standards!) you end up not being able to make ends meet. These expenses are also compounded by children, which again, many people making minimum wage are struggling to support. This is why a lot of people making minimum wage work multiple jobs, hell McDonalds even caught flak for actually advising its employees to have another job. &gt; It’s very possible to go to a community college and work and then go to a 4- year college and get the skills needed to increase your earning power. Hell, it doesn’t even have to be a college, go to trade school or find an apprenticeship. If you’re someone working two jobs as we already discussed, you probably won’t have the time to do this. Even if you can make the time, you’re probably missing out on hours (thus money) while you’re in class. Even then, it’s not guaranteed that grants will cover all of your expenses, so you will be forced to take out some sort of debt, probably student loans. This is a giant risk for someone so close to the edge, because if you can’t finish your degree due to some unforeseen circumstance or you do finish and have difficulty finding jobs, then you’ve just taken out all of this debt with no way to pay it back. I really hate this narrative that the poor are only poor because they’re just lazy and intentionally don’t improve their circumstances because it’s all bullshit. Clearly, anyone who thinks this way has never been at this level of poverty. Most people making minimum wage are working their asses off to make something out of nothing, and they don’t deserve to suffer just because the privileged don’t want to pay slightly more for a fucking cheeseburger.
Ah yes, the delusion of meritocracy. Tabling that for a second, the interests of the super rich are absolutely at odds with the common people. The rich don’t need healthcare, or affordable housing, or public education. Regular people need these things to survive and live a decent life. A regular person gets cancer and the treatments can bankrupt them, but Jeff Bezos just pulls a spare $50,000 from an account. So it’s in his best interest to have a government not providing these services he has no need for. So, you might say, just work hard and become rich yourself. [Well, it turns out that American society is far less upwardly mobile than people think.](https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/2018/02/14/americans-overestimate-social-mobility-in-their-country) It’s also interesting to note from that article that people born poor in Europe actually have a better chance of improving themselves than Americans do. It turns out that a robust social safety net allows people to take more risks to better themselves than a serfdom of wage slavery. The rich are definitely the opposition, to say otherwise is to reinforce a gross caste system slowly forming in this country which suggests that it’s actually in the poorest people’s best interest to be bonded to working a low wage job for the rest of their lives.
&gt; Weird. Considering, myself and my parents who are first generation immigrants did everything I stated and we ended up better. And I know people who have ended up better starting with absolutely nothing. Congrats. But the fact that they were able to immigrate just reinforces my point, generally the very poor do not have the financial ability to relocate to another city, let alone another country. The age of the poor huddled masses coming to a “land of opportunity” is long over. &gt; And this idea basic level of people like cashiers or stickers can’t find other jobs within their skill sets is a flat out lie. You can be making few dollars above min wage at one company, but if you search for the same position at another company. You can find they pay more. Maybe not as much as giving a livable wage but just enough to get by. Where are they going to work? Move from Walmart to Target and it’s pretty much the same shit. And I’m curious, do you understand what it means to not make a living wage? To just casually suggest that it’s no big deal implies you don’t. The government assistance that’s out there has been gimped to hell and won’t make up for the difference. Making a non-livable wage means allowing health concerns to go because you can’t afford to go to the doctor. And dental care is a nonstarter, it’s pretty common for impoverished adults to be missing teeth and the ones that are left are rotted to hell. Good luck raising yourself out of poverty when an office generally won’t hire someone with a jacked up smile. &gt; Tell me, why would any company economically pay for a higher wage, when the cost of automation would be cheaper for basic skills. Say you increase the min wage to an actual good amount. You honestly thing business are going to keep the people who take up space. I’ll let you know, they won’t and the requirements for even basic level jobs will rise. Just because company’s have money, doesn’t necessarily mean they need to throw it out on bad labor. I think you overestimate the amount of work that can be automated. Robots that can work in kitchens are still in experimental stages. Same with robots that can stock shelves and move inventory. If Amazon had the technical capability replace their workers with machines than I assure you it would be done already. &gt; There’s also the fact, a lot and I mean a lot of younger people have no sense of fiscal responsibility. So when they get that pay bump. It’s like nothing really changed. I would dispute that most people know what they should do, but young people today are more likely than any other generation to be in a poor financial state not because they squander money but because the job opportunities aren’t nearly what they used to be. The fact is that being poor forces you to build habits counter to good financial sense. When you don’t have money, you spend that windfall today because it might be gone tomorrow. There are countless articles about this phenomenon, I suggest you seek them out. &gt; You also can’t guarantee, that tons of people will even want to exceed beyond that level of basic level jobs. Because some will be completely fine with remaining at that level for their entire life. This is utter horseshit, no one works for Walmart or Amazon because they enjoy the lifestyle. &gt; I firmly believe people shouldn’t be paid peanuts for a job or to the point they have to go on welfare Yes you do, because anyone making less than $15 is usually already receiving some form of welfare like SNAP &gt; however, I do not believe someone who refuses to take school seriously or take the initiative to work hard should make the same as someone who’s working their asses off and making it happen. The fucking gall it takes to suggest that a person busting their ass in a wage job isn’t working hard. Do you think the people serving your food are lazy? Do you even know what minimum wage translates to in terms of a yearly salary? $15 an hour is about $31,200. That’s not luxury car driving, fancy apartment dwelling, eats out a lot living, that’s a barebones salary that *might* let you own a house in certain areas. No one is suggesting the cashier make $70,000 a year like a fucking software developer. &gt; Basic Livable Wage to me would me exactly what it means. Basic amount of money to keep you out of welfare and off the street. But it shouldn’t give you the luxury of what a lot of people had to work hard to earn. If you’re for that, than we’re thinking alike. Like I said before, minimum wage people are already on multiple welfare programs. And as for keeping people off the streets, well the $18,096 you make on the current minimum wage makes being a car bum a more likely prospect than you seem to realize. &gt; Btw, when everyone does get access to money to pay for college. The requirements to get in will be tougher. Or the more people getting it, will just devalue it even more. Just like how, you need at least a masters for most jobs nowadays. If as you say a degree is devalued now, then what’s the point of keeping a tuition barrier?
Can I move in with you?
That’s the life eh, sipping margaritas on the sunny tropical coast of Lake Ontario
And it’s clearly not meant to be closed, it looks like they raised the floor around it.
It kind of makes sense that Voyager would use Wolf 359 to explain Borg humans, at that point we had really only seen them assimilating humans at Wolf 359 and the battle over Earth in First Contact. Maybe the Borg ejected a sphere (cloaked since we don’t see it on screen) similar to First Contact to make sure they could send what they learned from Picard back to the collective. Also, Picard does mention in First Contact that the Queen existed at the time of his assimilation. I think this means she would have to have been on that cube herself, since the cube was relatively isolated from other Borg ships, and it’s unlikely that the collective operates with fully synchronous thought among all drones given the distances involved. She took the sphere “escape pod” with a handful of drones that happened to include the ones we’ve seen.
The Sonic breakfast toaster is way better
Macs got the best Maxis ports in the mid 90s because of schools, both Macs and Maxis games were fairly popular for education. When I was a kid, the best day in class was when they rolled in the cart of clamshell iBooks and we played something like SimCity.
If you’re still unsure whether a public option is better, go try and buy your own insurance. Most individual plans for a healthy young person are still like $500 a month for a shitty HDHP with like a $6,000 deductible.
Huh, that wasn’t there last time I looked.
About half of what people consider to be "New Albany" is actually inside the Columbus city limits
A couple things though: * This is coming from the developer of one of the most consistently popular games on the market. The game is available on console, which probably greatly diminishes the percentage of Mac and Linux players. I would be curious to see their total number of players and a breakdown by platform, because I have a feeling the raw number of Mac and Linux users is more sizable than they make it sound. * This company just got purchased by a much larger corporation who currently has a wildly popular game available on Mac. You don’t think they could have called up corporate daddy and gotten Mac development resources if they really wanted to? I don’t know what really went on behind the scenes to lead them to this decision. I understand their stated answer but every other developer is managing to update Mac games for Catalina’s dropping of 32 bit support. I would understand if this were some tiny upstart indie studio, but that’s not what Psyonix is. Not doing so as one of the big players in gaming is just a shitty move no matter how you slice it.
It’s really easy to sell a lot of people on bullshit with enough propaganda. Don’t you have any older relatives who were brainwashed by Fox News? It ends up looking a lot like cult programming.
When I was a kid and started asking for toys like Barbie dolls, my mother consulted with a child psychologist before buying them for me because she was afraid it would turn me gay if she did. The psychologist assured her it wouldn't turn me gay so she bought me the dolls. Then 20 years later I came out as trans... not sure how that affects the optics of that lol
This is a good argument and probably the one I would agree with.
For the data *and* the machines I hope, since getting a known good replacement isn't as easy as just walking into a store anymore.
Wow, it's been a while since I've seen a standalone scanner.
&gt; I think the best option for stargate would be amazon prime or hulu Yeah no. We don’t need Disney or Amazon acquiring more companies, they’ve both become big enough to need breaking up already.
Wait what? You just said Hulu should produce a new series and now say Disney can't make a good Stargate show. Who do you think owns Hulu now? Given that this is acquisition speculation, we're looking for a buyer for MGM. Like it or not, it *is* about big companies, any potential purchase of MGM has massive ramifications in the film and television industry and it's frankly myopic to not consider that when speculating on a potential acquisition.
And for people just worried about electability against Trump, it's still Bernie. He's the only one the young people will actively care about, any other candidate will be a Hillary situation where no one shows up. I've donated money to Bernie, I sure as fuck wouldn't donate to anyone else on the field if they became the main candidate.
She's also one of those Republicans in Democrat's clothes like Bill Maher
I want to see more oddball characters like piranha plant, it's what makes Smash Bros interesting.
Fuck all of the billionaires in this race
I fail to see how a Buttigieg presidency could ever be any more than marginally better than Trump’s. The dude is basically a young, gay Jeb Bush.
Meh TBH I think they would be about even.
Someone should send information on this bus to her people, I bet it’s not considered fair use.
Built in graphics are still technically a GPU, it’s just a GPU usually integrated in to the northbridge as opposed to its own chip or circuit board. GPUs descend from the video out processing cards originally created to output lines of text to a green screen display.
The GM styling is ugly but dude kept his modifications tasteful
Yeah but isn’t there an enthusiast community for the first gen Neons because they’re kind of in that “cheap but fun” category? I don’t think the Cavalier is at that level.
When they shut that down I got so salty I stopped using Google products altogether. So now I use duckduckgo and the apple services. All they had to do to keep my data was not shut down my damn home page and they failed.
From a business perspective they probably aren't worth much. Most companies are recycling these so you could make a good case to them going to you, then fix them up and sell it to someone who will appreciate them.
It doesn’t seem to do anything, I’ve tried it. If I recall, pre OS X I think it even errors when you try to send. I always do it just in case it sends and some Apple engineer stumbles upon these old registrations and has a chuckle.
&gt; Thirdly, Voyager was launched 9 years after the Enterprise D. Not only does she have more advanced technologies (bio neural circuitry, - - regenerative shielding--, variable nacelles), she also comes from a different design lineage. This is why I always found it strange that Federation ships get shown to last like 50 years or more, it would seem like decades of refits would give you diminishing returns when you just keep shoehorning new technology into old ships.
I stopped at life, by the time I got to high school I knew I would eventually have to explain how I got to be an Eagle Scout as a woman. I figured what’s the point if it’s something I end up not disclosing anyways.
Yeah I don’t get that either, those countries have all been lusophones since they were part of the Portuguese empire.
It’s funny because all of the people who created the basic parts of Linux are all either at or approaching retirement age. The guy who wrote Bash is 60 years old and probably has grandchildren.
Fox News talks more about socialism than actual socialists these days.
At this point we should just fucking legalize it. There’s no legal penalty for possession for like half the state’s population. The people resisting legalization are now enabling the existence of a legal-for-all-intents-and-purposes untaxed industry.
This is why I play on an iMac G4 :P
I’ve always worried that I’m too encouraging of my crossdressing friends to consider that they might be trans. But to be fair, all of the ones I’ve encouraged to explore the possibility have shown egg traits that made me think they’re at least non-binary. I know it’s not all crossdressers but most of the ones I’ve met tend to fall into that category. Then again, I met most of them through fetlife and it’s the only profile where I state my trans status, it’s possible they seek me out because of that.
I own the discs but you can get the Complete Collection from Macintosh Repository
Does that SSD work well with OS 9? I’ve looked into getting one of those when I tried a IDE to SATA adapter in my iMac, OS X worked but it wouldn’t boot properly to OS 9.
I swear I remember Mac Mall and the other catalogs selling the key lime (I used to stare at things I couldn't have in those and I desperately wanted a key lime back in the day), I believe they did resell BTO machines for the sole reason that e-commerce wasn't that popular yet.
So in other words, the paltry system we have no works for you, so you don’t see it as a big deal. What if you get cancer? Or some type of debilitating illness that prevents you working and you lose your insurance? Don’t get me wrong, I think UBI is a good plan but it has to be a part of a comprehensive social safety net, and honestly fixing things like people not going to the doctor because they can’t pay for it needs to come first. $12,000 a year is small change for anyone who gets seriously ill, and it can happen to anyone. Cancer doesn’t care about your age or lifestyle.
The blue Power Mac G3 is probably the only colorful pro Apple product though. Before that everything was beige or black and after it was graphite and aluminum.
Yeah but we live in a world now full of free bacon that’s secretly poisonous but looks and smells and tastes like real bacon. In a world like that where the quality product is hard to discern from the poison, perhaps it would be time for the premier journalism to be done by a publicly funded world class independent national news organization. One which could take over failing local news outlets and operate them not as a business, but as a public service for the good of society.
Niiiice, thanks. I know what I’m reading this evening :)
You still need the port for CarPlay though
My 2016 car only does CarPlay over the cable, and most people don’t replace their cars on a regular basis so I would *hope* Apple wasn’t willing to leave us in the dust.
On Mac you would need an OS 8/9 platinum skin
This is why we need to keep talking to them, they’re not all a lost cause. My mom has gone from being a regular Republican voter to supporting all of Bernie’s platform. Trump was her wake up call that the Republicans don’t deserve her support nor do they believe what she thinks they do, and I pushed her the rest of the way.
Well my mom was never a Trump supporter, what I’m talking about really only works for Republican voters who find Trump to be reprehensible. Trump has pulled the veil away and if you make the right arguments you can pull them over more to the left. If they hate Trump’s outright racism, you lay out how the Republican Party has supported this quietly for years. Get them to understand that Trump is the culmination of decades of conservative policy, not an upset of it.
Well if you already own a car with CarPlay that doesn’t support wireless then your only option is to buy a whole new car just for that.
The Sims Complete Collection packaged to work on modern PCs would be a great way for them to celebrate.
Yeah, I think grape is one of the rarer colors. I’m so glad mine came with a matching keyboard and mouse.
Yeah, because that’s a good indication of whether this officer stands up and reports racist behavior from other cops.
I had my dad's old Tandy 1000 as a kid, when it stopped working I was made to throw it away. I would love to find one some day
If you advertise as being trans friendly like on your website, you will probably get a good bit of business, finding a stylist who is fine helping you get a hair style different from your current gender presentation can be a daunting task for freshly out people. I've heard so many horror stories of stylists who force male hairstyles on newly out trans women and vice versa.
Yeah but the police working outside of public view is some gestapo shit
At least he got rid of those god awful dreads lol, such an early 2000s look For real though I miss how exciting this stuff was back then, modern OS upgrades never feel this exciting.
&gt; i still have no idea why they made her relationship w/ Pete so prominent. They were supposed to be the new Pam &amp; Jim, that's why it doesn't feel organic and just sort of happens out of nowhere.
There's only two ways to do this though, either pass a constitutional amendment banning hate speech and hateful assembly... or revolution. Both would be difficult to achieve and both would have unpredictable outcomes.
Hey at the very least, that packing could have been... shittier
I bought that game recently, the seller just put it in a bubble envelope but thankfully the box actually survived without getting smashed.
The Sims and The Sims Bustin Out are both pretty good games, Bustin Out especially is one of favorites. I never played The Sims 2 for console though.
I tend to think Sony was more concerned with BLM overshadowing their console announcement in the news, so they want to wait until the protests are over so they get more fanfare. The messaging is just a side benefit to try and gain some good PR over it.
Dewine did this one thing better than most others because most others did nothing. But lets not forget that that as a Senator he also: * Voted for a myriad of bills to restrict the availability of abortion * Voted for a constitutional ban on same sex marriage * Voted against adding sexual orientation to the list of hate crimes * Voted against repealing tax subsidies for companies moving jobs overseas * Voted for pretty much every free trade bill that came up during his tenure * Repeatedly voted against education funding * Repeatedly voted against standards to limit vehicle emissions * Voted against limits to corporate campaign donations * Voted against raising the minimum wage * Voted to repeal the estate tax [source](https://ontheissues.org/Senate/Mike_DeWine.htm) Dewine looks good because the bar for a politician doing their job has fallen so low that anyone not being ineffectual can look like a hero. But I'm still looking forward to when we can vote this polished turd out of office.
These are usually called "bottle shows", they use only preexisting sets and have self contained story lines. It's usually done when budget constraints prevent the more typical stories, such as when extra money goes into special episodes with more expensive sets or effects. For Star Trek, this meant stories that only used the ship sets which remained standing on the sound stage during production of the season and limited special effects.
Calling yourself a master race has been tone-deaf since at least the 1930s
Use a bidet like a civilized person
Was the points card even still in the box? I bought one back in the day and had to return it because someone took the live cards and sealed it back up. I looked it up at the time and it seemed like a fairly common problem back then.
It's still worth trying those codes, often they don't actually expire when the card says it does, the statement is just there to give the company a loophole if they want to shut things down.
Well COBOL starts array indicies at 1
On the one hand it makes sense because using the pandemic to force their agenda through is totally something the Republicans would try. On the other, I see how it would look like they’re being unnecessarily political.
Wow, you honestly believe a Republican mayor would be any better? Both parties are mechanisms of the wealthy who just want the serfs to fall in line no matter the cost.
All of France’s biggest palaces actually draw more tourists than Buckingham or any of the other English ones. It turns out when you abolish the monarchy and put their stuff on display, you can actually get more tourists.
Pata Pata Pata Pon
Nah, I’m from Ohio lol, I’ve never even been to Wisconsin.
JK Rowling is 54 years old, she almost certainly doesn’t menstruate anymore. I guess she’s no longer a woman.
She’s speaking into a PA microphone and there are little loud speakers on the outside of town hall
She's 54 years old, she probably already has.
The Scottish one isn’t racist though, Scottish people aren’t a marginalized or persecuted ethnic or racial minority.
The dictionary definition of a word means little in what is really a philosophical discussion.
Well the Alabama one got /r/Birmingham so I guess that makes it the real one.
That monitor is crushing that NES...
Which Genesis games would you recommend the most? I’ve always been more of a Nintendo fan but a while ago a friend gave me a Genesis, and so far I have only two games for it - Sonic 2 and Mortal Kombat. I’d like to eventually fix that and build more of a library for it.
Both are really related parts of the right wing agenda. The right wants people less educated because it makes them easier to manipulate with scapegoat scare tactics. They want be able to shift the blame for the unfairness inherent in capitalism onto minority groups rather than the people with all the power. Then once people buy into this ideology, they keep being fed scare mongering propaganda about the evil minorities out to get them and that they’ll be the next victims unless we beef up police. Then you get “tough on crime” programs and the broken windows policy to try and make these suburban mostly white people feel safe enough not to question the machine. The cycle continues and these voters continue to elect further right politicians, who continue to erode the social safety net and regulations protecting workers and the poor under the guise of “cutting red tape.” They then need more propaganda, misinformation, and continue to push anti-intellectualism into mainstream society, continue to defund education, continue to scapegoat minorities, etc. In addition, there’s another aspect to this as these same voters are more likely to live in wealthier suburban cities rather than the main city. Since school systems get the bulk of their budget from property taxes, cuts to state spending tend to mostly adversely affect the inner city school system (which is essentially segregated thanks to white flight and old racist policies such as redlining and banks formerly refusing to loan to people of color ) rather than the more well off suburban city schools. This is a small piece of a big systemic problem that has been building since the rise of neoliberalism in the 80s, at least the economic policy parts. The underlying racism is of course baked into our constitution. We can bandage things up and try to keep the current system going, but it’s just going to keep failing us until we fix the rotting mess at it’s core. What we need is radical systemic change, otherwise things will just keep getting worse.
The Democratic Party follows centrist Liberalism, as opposed to the Neoliberalism of the Republican Party. Liberalism and Neoliberalism aren’t really that different save for the degree to which they pursue austerity. Both serve to maintain and defend capitalism and those who won that game from the left. Neither party has created structural change because neither party nor both party’s big money donors want the structure to change.
I’ve felt safe as a trans woman in most of the Midwest. I’ve never experienced bigotry here, which I admit probably has a lot to do with being able to pass and being white. When I transitioned at work, a lot of people actually congratulated me and were really supportive. I think most cities in the US are going to be reasonably safe for LGBT people, idiot cops and idiot bigots exist everywhere. If I could make any suggestion, it would be to base your search on cost of living, find somewhere cheap to live. Nothing makes you safer than economic security. Here in Ohio me and my partner are about to buy a house. I know if we lived in some city in California, Oregon, or Washington, that would be an unattainable goal.
Look up retrobrite, that’s what the formula is commonly called. It’s not a retail product though, you make it yourself. Also like the other poster said, it’s really not worth doing on a power strip lol. But it can make a yellowed Super Nintendo look like new.
Isn't that basically what the white supremacists want today, segregation of people they don't like into an ethnostate? To me that doesn't seem like evidence against antisemitism.
Until the right wing gets it's way and can control two thirds of state legislatures and governors to call a convention of the states. This has been the end goal of the billionaires funding the right wing for a while, and if they do this, it will create a sort of "back door" to all sorts of amendments getting in without requiring the approval of the US Congress, including amending the first and fourth amendments to be much weaker. It's far easier for the US to descend into the fascist, authoritarian state the super rich want to create than most people realize.
It’s the first amendment that allows Facebook and Twitter to censor their platforms, I think you’re the one who hasn’t thought this through. The first amendment comes into play between the government and the people or between the government and corporations, not between corporations and people.
When I was looking for my lime iBook, I had to save a search that specifically excluded that ass clown just so I didn’t get mad about their overpriced ruined machines. Fortunately decent price intact machines are still out there and I found mine.
Kirby’s Return to Dreamland was supposed to be the proper Kirby game for the GameCube, but it got moved to the Wii during development.
And fuck you to alleged rapist Brett Kavanagh and alleged sexual harasser Clarence Thomas (and Alito, but we don't know about the skeletons in his closet) who voted against basic civil rights
It looks like it has a tumor
Young Dwight looks like he's doing Zoolander's Blue Steel
That's pretty fitting for a George W Bush appointee lol
Women: *exist* Men: “you seem like you’d be down to get dicked down”
Wyoming was technically named after the Scranton, PA area, the Wyoming Valley.
It’s a nice sentiment but there are bigots and war hawks who consider themselves to be fans of Star Trek.
The cutoff is October 2000 I believe. The one I have was made in March 2000, I only have bootlegs for it because all my collecting money goes to Nintendo systems at the moment.
I prefer grouping my games by a sort of nebulous combination of genre and franchise, my shelf looks a lot like OPs. I organize both games and movies like this, it feels like it fits better. It's whatever works for the individual I suppose.
You joke but that's not that bad of an idea. If we came up with something distinctive enough, maybe we could lose the ", Ohio" at the end of the city's name like Cleveland and Cincinnati.
Yeah, Ohio City wasn’t a part of Cleveland yet, and the legislature was planning to do a name swap where the then existing Ohio City would take a new name and give theirs to the new capital. But I think today, if we were going to rename the city, I think we should swap names with Chillicothe. It’s name comes from the Shawnee word for “home of the tribal chief”, which is fitting for the state capital (and indeed, that city was our first state capital)
It’s going to be bad for this sub, we’ll be back to the PPC days when Mac ports were fewer and harder to come by. These days you can just wrap PC a game in a translation layer and get reasonable performance, but the required man hours and thus costs of bringing a Mac will increase under ARM and make Mac ports not cost effective for all but the most wide appeal games such as The Sims.
Why is it stupid? You seem to take it as a forgone conclusion that this is unthinkable without providing any argument for it.
There’s an iFixit kit they sell at Microcenter that includes gamebit bits, it’s a really nice little kit. I bought one when I fixed my SNES
I would imagine 1st and 2nd gens can’t be flash modded because in the 3rd gen, you can only sync flash modded ones over USB.
Something something the EU was holding back the British economy
You're right, I didn't even think about that angle.
So which is worth more to you, businesses and jobs, or human fucking lives?
That’s too bad they’re not making them anymore. I got my Carby component cable like a month ago and it looks fantastic.
The Gamecube sold worse than the N64 though.
I’m hoping when Metroid Prime 4 comes out, we get a version of Metroid Prime 3 for Switch with regular controls. It’s the only one I didn’t beat because I kept getting sore pointing the wiimote at the TV.
That adhesive isn’t stuck for life, just wipe it down with some Goo Gone. That stuff is a godsend for game collectors.
No, it doesn't. The Gamecube component cable goes into the digital out port and is video only, you use the original AV cable for audio. The Wii cable sends audio and video through the same port. That being said, a Wii with component cables is probably the cheapest way to play Gamecube games in 480p.
I’m pretty sure the petition was a joke, there’s no real proposal to rename the city. The actual proposal from the city council was just designing a new seal and flag. That being said, I personally think renaming the city is an interesting idea that I’m not opposed to in principle as long as it’s done right. I think it would be neat to have a serious discussion on it because there are pros and cons. It’s logistically difficult and would be expensive, but could also be a boost to our national image and possibly replace the perception that we’re bland with the idea that we’re a forward thinking place willing to do what is necessary to really be a positive and inclusive community.
I'm not really a fan of that design. It's very busy, I think a good flag should be simple enough that it could be drawn from memory.
&gt; Millennials are not exactly the new kids on the block people seem to treat them as any more. Gee thanks, now I feel old.
Do you live in the US? I learned about Emmitt Till in public school.
I love when Paper Mario did this. “What do you suppose they meant with ‘you in front of the TV?’”
I was bullied as a queer teen in Bush’s America, I wasn’t aware things had momentarily gotten better.
This is not true, slaves were *freed*. Because the south had rebelled to protect slavery, this was done primarily as a psychological tactic to discourage the landowners perpetuating the war from continuing. While historical accounts disagree on the number, most put it the number of freed slaves from Sherman’s marches in the tens of thousands.
Would you be able to link to any of his papers outlining the killing of slaves as part of property destruction (as opposed to deaths as conscripted soldiers, which was my understanding)? I won’t argue with you that Lincoln, Grant and Sherman were racists, it was common for all but the most radical abolitionists to still be basically white supremacists.
&gt; earlier in the year Hawley indicated that he had his “own take” on the franchise Yeah, this is how you end up with something like The Last Jedi, an overly ambitious director trying to surprise audiences ends up making a mess of a film that pisses off hard core fans and fails to make an impression on the coveted casual filmgoer audience.
It's almost like people are realizing that sending millions of plastic lined poop sacks to the landfill is bad for the environment
oh *NO*, they're blocking access to Statehouse Square on a Sunday, better go ahead and pepper spray them for blocking streets that are usually empty. Downtown is a fucking grid, there are ways around the protest so this shouldn't be a big deal, *especially* on a weekend.
They look well trimmed to me, perhaps you shouldn’t judge others for for trivial parts of their appearance.
I wish I had a link for it but there’s a really creepy infomercial Apple made for this where the family gets a Macintosh and then grandpa finds a lady friend on eWorld.
Me and my partner constantly get asked if we’re sisters, it’s really weird. I think we look nothing alike and we’re from completely different regions of the country, so no chance of significant shared relatives. I guess I’d to chalk it up to people not used to gay relationships trying to explain to themselves why we act so close.
Leveque Tower parking is accessed from Front Street though, and it looks like the parking for that building on Broad is accessed from Lynn Street. No one was being meaningfully obstructed, save for maybe having to drive a block over from where they intended. I hope you aren’t sore from all of those mental gymnastics required to justify police brutality.
No one is saying the ONLY thing down there is the Statehouse. We’re saying everything else that is down there is closed and thus unaffected.
It is a good deal, I think both Paper Mario and Paper Mario TTYD are now in the $80+ range.
We’re likely going to see how weak our system is again. If Biden wins, I expect it will be on a very thin margin, and Trump will try and argue that the election was stolen from him. We have no metric for what happens when a president refuses to give up power, the rules were all written with the assumptions that the players would be good sports and follow them.
None of their parking opens onto High or Broad though, like we’ve said.
IIRC that was mocking a post where someone claimed to have found a wad of cash (and in the thread everyone assumed it was drug money) hidden in a yard sale PS2 hard drive bay.
My nails regularly look like that when I’m in between painting them.
Columbus was never named Franklinton, Franklinton already existed as a village and Columbus was built on the high ground on the other side. They were two separate cities until Columbus annexed Franklinton in the mid 19th century.
It's a weird move after just bringing back the Mac Pro, now that target enterprise market will need to chose between an industry standard x86 workstation from HP or Dell, or the ARM Mac Pro which will have many things running in a translation layer. This also has huge ramifications for software developers using Mac, currently you can develop Unix code on a Mac for deployment on a Unix server and test it natively on your machine. But that won't work if your workstation is no longer capable of running the same executable. This is just the same old Apple that pretends to care about professional Mac users but is really first and foremost concerned about the college kids and suburban rich people who buy MacBooks as status symbols.
Back in the day they made charging racks for these things that used those two holes above the battery to charge multiple units. My high school had multiple sets of 30 of these they would use as a mobile computer lab, and they got stored in a rack like that in a cart. You should find one and load it up with these lol
As a blanket statement, I disagree. The whole cry of the evils of "cancel culture" is mostly right wing media personalities bitching that they no longer have the privilege to spread racist dog whistles or even outright hate speech, as companies curate their content *as is their right as the owner of the platfoirm*, after public outcry. Deplatforming rich famous people perpetuating hate, inequality, or harassment is worthwhile, as allowing these people to spread their shitty ideas has real consequences for marginalized communities. In this instance, it's society saying "we will not elevate and will in fact reject your shitty beliefs. You can still have them and try to spread them as is your right, but we will work to take away your microphone." The power to influence society needs to have real responsibility, perpetuating hate is something we should not tolerate and hold people accountable for and the public should absolutely decry this behavior. All that being said, that is not the same thing as harassing workers at a store who have nothing to do with said shitty beliefs and very little power to influence society, and this should not be tolerated. Don't conflate a real movement to hold people with power and influence accountable with what they say and do in public with petty behavior done to workers with relatively little power.
That's not a pro here... the iOS apps that are not garbage all have better versions on Mac.
I got my PSP in college... I'm with you there
The purpose of this is to go to a club and go "hey baby I drive the same kind of car as James Bond"
Yes it is, “third world country” means any country not in NATO or the Warsaw Pact.
Wow that’s stupid
I agree, we should be educating our wayward trans brothers and sisters so they can become true comrades instead.
It's basically a standard G3 with a monitor attached, it uses the same motherboard as the G3 desktop and even has a jumper on it for switching between the AIO power supply built into the monitor and the standard ATX case supply.
&gt; You know I feel like Stamford and Scranton were close with their numbers, but ~~they thought Josh was more professional~~ Jan wanted to fuck Josh. Also when Stamford closed down Scranton got all of the clients. FTFY. Jan clearly had a thing for Josh, but most of it was cut in deleted scenes. I think her goal with Stamford was to have a branch with her prospective boy toys Josh and Jim, it makes Josh’s decision to leave make even more sense after you see Jan’s pass at him in a deleted scene from the Philly conference episode.
Looking at the specs, I think I just used the empty bay and ran a cable to the SCSI bus on the motherboard. My machine didn’t come with a Zip drive, it just had a dummy plate behind the slot.
The original Pentiums would have been running Windows 3.1
There's another deleted scene in the Call of Duty episode where Jan is also much friendlier to Jim, and Jim remarks how "different" things are in the Stamford office. In this scene, Jan comes to the office and finds them playing a video game but doesn't seem to care, contrasted with her earlier berating Michael for having the office watch a movie. I don't understand why they cut this scene because it really sheds new light on how Jan operates as a manager.
Yeah, it's the reason why our covid cases are going up again
Like ok, the covid stuff is boilerplate Trumpist moron. I'm more shocked about the bit with her complaining about the "pennies of interest" on her bank accounts and showing that she knows nothing about basic banking and economics as an elected official. Yes dummy, deposit bank accounts have very low interest because they're highly liquid, the fact that you're getting interest at all means you likely have enough assets or income to get higher tier account. Plus, the interest rates are all pegged at the federal rate which is also really low right now. This is basic shit anyone making laws should understand.
This transition is going the other way from the last one though. The switch to Intel opened up a lot of possibilities and the software available for Mac increased dramatically since you could now put Windows applications and games into a wine container and get decent performance. Mac was moving TO the common platform, not away from it. I honestly don't understand why anyone around during the PPC days is excited about the switch to ARM, since we're going back to that limited world where you had to wait months for new software to be ported to Mac architecture.
lol Intel only makes about half of it's total revenue from consumer processor sales, the rest is from enterprise computing and flash storage devices. Apple is only a small part of that, and while AMD is doing really well right now, none of this will bring them anywhere near the edge.
Geist is such an underrated game, most people with larger GameCube collections omit it but you have a copy, nice job.
It’s either pine or Nordic cherry
Usually when associates bug you in stores it has less to do with selling product and more to do with preventing theft. Constantly checking on you makes would be thieves feel “watched” and thus less likely to try and steal. Obviously there’s also the customer service component, but loss prevention is the real underlying motivation.
Your link is broken, you need to escape the close parentheses with a backslash.
What kind of sheltered child has never used a flashlight?
Ew, is it really only on the Epic store?
I’ve researched using those with a CRT and from what I’ve seen, over time there’s a risk of vertical sheer. In true Ikea fashion, the outer walls are veneer with like a cardboard honeycomb inside, so they aren’t as sturdy as they look. Anyone using these with a CRT might want to add in some sort of bracing like [this](https://www.ikea.com/us/en/p/observatoer-cross-brace-galvanized-87749600/).
Most stores have policies for the pandemic where they ask you to leave if you have fever symptoms.
Well the problem at hand is inequality caused by decades of neoliberal policies. When you let capitalism run rampant with no regulation to keep it in check, the inherent inequality will cause the desperate masses to either blame minorities groups for their problems, or blame the people in power who created the situation in the first place. Obviously the powerful people in the media would prefer to not be blamed for the issues in society, so they will generally tend toward Liberalism, often referred to in the US as centrism. This is the real danger here, because *Liberalism cannot oppose fascism*. Liberalism as an ideology will always attempt to protect capitalism at all costs, and thus will never promote any sort of ideology which seeks to limit or even replace capitalism. This means that Liberals, who by and large make up the majority of the corporate ruling class, will seek to silence the left, allowing the far right fascist elements to exist unchallenged. Sure, they might make token dissenting statements against the more unsavory parts of fascism, but the people espousing such views are still being given the platform to spread them. Televising racist tirades along with token criticism over “tone” or “decorum” is not an opposition to the ideology itself. You’re not challenging ideas by just telling people it’s wrong, you need to tell them *why* it’s wrong. People need to be told *why* it’s not the fault of Mexicans or the Chinese or whoever else for their poor situation. But when the answer is unregulated corporations maintaining stagnant wages, you can’t say that on TV. People have the tools to deal with the problem at hand. Instead of blaming minorities for their problems, blame the politicians who have allowed corporations to gut our industry and social safety net. Blame the corporations which have been paying people wages which don’t increase with inflation for decades. Don’t vote for Republicans or Democratic establishment candidates, vote for the few leftists advocating for real change which benefits the workers instead of the super rich. The status quo isn’t going to save us, the status quo is stuck in a feedback loop which will eventually lead to fascism. The only way out is to turn to the left.
Yeah the remotes are all the same. It was annoying trying to control the Apple TV and having it keep opening front row on my MacBook.
Maybe OP doesn’t want to pay $90 for a game with a good story but tedious gameplay. It’s not a bad game, but it’s severely overpriced IMO.
Excuse me, did *you* apprentice in Toulouse with a Fromagier?
It’s pronounced colonel and it’s the highest rank in the army
A lot of them have different names due to marriage, like for example, Anderson Cooper the CNN guy is a Vanderbilt.
I wouldn’t say the GameCube is cheap to collect for, most of its most popular titles are at $50 and beyond these days.
I’ve frequently argued on /r/vintageapple for expanding the definition to include some of the earliest Intel machines. To me, something like a polycarbonate Macbook or iMac has way more in common with the last PPC machines than what Apple makes today. But it seems like the consensus is that PPC “feels unique” and that anything which technically can run Windows 10 (even though running it with a Core 2 Duo would hardly be pleasant...) can’t be considered vintage.
All the older systems have those too, my local game store has a huge table right by the door with sub-$5 Genesis sports games and the stock doesn’t seem to move much.
That barn is actually in the Columbus city limits, wow
Having just spent the last month shopping for houses, yeah this is a glaring omission. Otherwise this looks like most of the houses I toured.
There are ways around that, perhaps by drawing out the story of how Tuvix came to be over the same episodes as flashbacks. Or have Kes "see" Tuvok and Neelix's individual personalities telepathically radiating from Tuvix when she's near him, as if they're trapped in this hybrid body and trying to get out. Perhaps the Tuvix personality isn't a hybrid of their personalities like happened with their bodies but a third alien sentience somehow beamed up with the flower container, like a gaseous lifeform getting to experience corporeal life that doesn't want to let go. This lifeform would be in effect trapping Neelix and Tuvok, and Kes is the only one aware of it, the arc would be her having to put together the pieces.
