You can find google reviews for the majority of American Jails, Prisons, and Court Houses. Why someone feels the need to give a prison google review, who’s to say, but they did it.
I did everything on my main. I did a partial zone or two on my second guy, most of one zone on my third guy, mostly time walking for the 4th, then Korrak’s revenge for all the other 8.
You got a week or so of the 15% buff left.
Yep. Makes it exceptionally easy.
Hah! I’m better than Cesaro at this game! Well, not currently, since I haven’t done my placements yet this season. But I finished last season above where he is now! Now if only I could beat him at anything else....
Someone lock ‘em up on a moon of Saturn with a bunch of clones and pigs.
This is the dude who said “no compensation for volunteer fire-fighters” then fucked off to Hawaii? Wouldn’t shock me if removed from power and replaced by his party soonish. They love doing that over in Australia.
The trick is to be so far down that no one thinks to look that low. I once did an entire Highmaul LFR doing nothing but auto attacking with my wand, and was never yelled at because I was listed below the healers and no one noticed me.
Everyone’s complaining about the empire, dwarves, and brettonia steamrolling every evil faction, but it works great for wood elves.
I always presume she used heat vision to burn the stubble off. That’s how Superman does it when he’s shaving.
I don’t think it works that way anymore. Ray Lewis ruined it for everyone.
School of Rock was a fun movie
Hey, I’m right there with you! I need 2 mount colors, 1 recipe, and 2 music tracks to get the achievement. I’ve yet to enjoy any of the time I’ve spent looking for these last 5 things.
Biggest two surprises are, at #12, John Constantine, and, at #26, Rorschach.
Well, birds for one.
Those are so good. The fucking animals in the pit for *Beasts of Burden* is amazing.
So it’s ultimately for gameplay reasons. Back in classic, they did mess around with various resistances for enemies, and the result wasn’t a lot of fun for your average player. Here’s some examples: The whole back 1/3rd or so of Maraudon was completely immune to Nature damage, which makes up the vast majority of some classes damage. A quest in 1,000 Needles, where the quest items (agave flowers or something similar) were guarded by elementals who were immune to frost and 75% resistant to fire, making it nearly impossible for most mage specs, but not difficult at all for almost everyone else. There’s also parts of Black Wing Lair that have trash mobs who are immune to magic and physical respectively. All of the above examples, while I find them irritating, can all work because any class with access to fire magic (or frost, or nature) can most likely also use some spells from another school, or can auto attack if need be. The same is definitively not true of physical DPS. If something can’t be stabbed or bludgeoned, Warriors and rogues can’t just decide to try lighting things on fire or banishing it to the shadow realm. They just can no longer participate in the fight, and have to sit there looking sad. That’s bad gameplay, so complete physical resistance is almost never seen in WoW, and when it is, it’s almost always temporary or part of a larger mechanic, as opposed to just a passive state. The lack of player enjoyment with the mechanic was one reason blizzard slowly removed overt resistances like that from the game. Another notable reason was their continued specialization of class specs. A fire mage in retail has less access to arcane spells than they would in classic, and so resistances were made less prevalent to compensate. It makes about as much sense as a warrior’s metal shield blocking a shot from an “annihilation cannon” strapped to the back of a 50 foot War Mech, or why disengage and heroic leap stop you from taking fall damage. Which is very little in a story-telling context, but plenty from a gameplay stand-point.
Via the anniversary, I now have 12 max level Horde characters, one of each class, and all but two are a different race (Demon Hunters can only be Blood Elves, and I had a Blood Elf Warlock already, so I had to double up). Come Tuesday I’ll level a Vulpera Warlock to fix the issue.
There’s 12 classes in the game, and you main 1, so 11 alts.
Yeah, I mean 90-100 in Draenor currently takes at most 3 hours with flying, and you rarely, if ever, leave the first couple zones. Most times I did it on alts during the anniversary event I was 98 before finishing my garrison set-up quest.
I don't have Reno 2 or 3, and I'm rank 20 in wild, but my god is Even Reno Mage a fun deck to play at that rank.
My Xbox 1 can play any game released for the system this year. My old computer, which I got around 2013, a little before the release of the Xbox 1, can’t. It can’t play certain games from 2015 on. The hardware isn’t up to date, and the people who design modern/AAA PC games are always trying to design games for newer/fancier hardware. My new computer can play most anything, but the components required for that cost several hundred dollars more than my Xbox 1 ever did. So I presume the cost of updating and maintaining a computer to play modern games for the lifespan of a console is probably significantly more money than the additional cost of games/online subscriptions for a console. This is ignoring the failure rate of both, as I can’t intelligently speak to that.
Yeah, there's currently like 30+ levels of few to no new skills, which is lame, but its fun to see how the various specs build up.
Now a minor wrestling meme, along with ‘98 Kane.
"Well, some are built so the front doesn't fall off at all..."
That’s the 10 man one? Cause yeah, fuck that one in the ass.
You are correct, a Kentucky Colonel is like a British Nighthood, but instead of the UK it’s Kentucky.
Yep. Stolen valor can be as simple as claiming to be in the military so a random person you’re conversing with thinks more of you. Or if you claim to be in the military to get free Denny’s breakfast or something. It’s also when you’re in the military, and claim metals or honors you never earned.
So countries like Germany are exactly why the *Blood for the Blood God* DLC exists. According to the Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle (I fucking love German) Total Warhammer 2 is rated 12+, while Blood for the Blood God is 16+.
That 3rd one seems like something we could easily calculate and charge people for.
Yeah, I used a lot of chems on my fist only run. Psycho-Jet makes closing distances easy. Jet in general is just awesome, use it.
And Jericho did in fact boast about the fact both him and Moxley were in Tokyo and won their respective matches. He also wore his AEW belt to the ring at Wrestle Kingdom.
Eh, that’s kinda how it went in the movies at least, right? She shows up in World War 1, then Superman shows up several decades later?
"I just wanna say one word to you. Just one word. Are you listening? Plastics."
Yeah, you do the first weapon quest, and that will lead into a quest chain where you establish your class’ order hall. Once it’s established, you’ll have a series of quests you’ll need to do to complete the class hall storyline. This will normally include getting the other two artifact weapons, about 10 or so follower missions, about 20-25 story quests in various parts of the world, a few word quests, and a few Legion instances that are easy enough to solo as 120. You’ll know you’re done when they throw you a party and give you a special title. After you get the title, go to Dal, fly with Khadgar down to the Broken Shore, and complete the Achievement ‘Breaching the Tomb’. You’ll then get the quest chain to unlock your class mount, which is usually pretty short. Once you’ve unlocked the mount for your class, all new characters of that same class can use the mount with the proper riding skill. However this does not unlock the mount for any other class, so you have to do Breaching the Tomb 12 times on 12 characters to get ‘em all.
Rey: *Kills him* Palpating: “shit! I wasn’t ready!”
This is the right answer.
Just goes to show you aging white rich people can convince the people of Kentucky literally anything is in their best interest.
That was, uh, one of the less believable parts of that movie. Poe gets charged with 10 years for involuntary manslaughter, as opposed to, you know, 0 years, for a legal killing performed in self defense. Poe, and his pregnant wife, had a very good reason to think there was an imminent and otherwise unavoidable danger, as the three men followed them outside, then robbed (they rip the medals off his chest) and attacked Poe. When Poe begins to fight back, at least one of the three men who's already actively beating the shit out of him pulls out a knife, and it's only when the guy threatens him with said knife that Poe kills him a la *One Punch Man*. Find me the judge or jury in America that's convicting the honorably discharged military veteran, just home from deployment, who was out minding his own business with his pregnant wife before being the victim of a robbery/criminal assault and battery/assault with a deadly weapon by three men before he accidentally killed one. Everything else that happens in that film makes total sense, and I'll fight 3 guys outside of a bar in the rain if you say otherwise.
He should have gotten in the car like his wife said and drove home, he had the opportunity.
I don't know/care enough about any of the names I just mentioned to go out of my way to seek their work, but I've seen each of them wrestle enough to know I'd probably enjoy seeing it again. So I'd love to see RUSH, Bandido and/or Dragon Lee vs. pretty much anyone in AEW, and I'd almost certainly enjoy The Briscoes vs. Pride and Prejudice or the Young Bucks.
Thems fighting words...
I suspect something to do with this: https://ftw.usatoday.com/2015/07/deandre-jordan-los-angeles-clippers-dallas-mavericks-surrounded But I've been wrong in the past, and can't say for sure.
no no, read closerer. She said "he hasn't signed on any dotted line". So the line in his AEW contract was clearly solid, which isn't uncommon.
Jokes on us, the lines in the signed AEW contract were solid.
This is the right level of analysis. Everyone above you is all like "Oh, so she's saying he's agreed in principle to an agreement, but the physical contract has not been signed", and those people are idiots.
Did I stutter?
“Ha! Ice spell! Wait! It’s melting! Ahhh! Now it’s just burning me to death slower! This was a bad idea!”
Yep. You can get the normal races ally appearances via a boost, but not the allied race ones. That’s why I have 3 shadow priests now.
Tauren one was better than the Blood Elf one. At least there’s a new story, and you can fly. I fet like the Blood Elf one took a full hour of running around Ghostlands and Quel’Thalas seeing flashbacks of events I participated in during Warcraft 3 and Burning Crusade.
Yeah, they were pretty common on swimmers during the last Summer Olympics, which is how I presume the majority of people learned about ‘em.
I’ve used mods that make the game look nicer but play the same, mods that change how the game plays without altering difficulty, and mods that make the game way easier. So my argument is mods. At their least noticeable, it’s just vanilla with better pictures, and if you find a mod that makes the game more fun, that’s more fun.
Ha. I had this problem. I eventually just turned off camera notifications for skill ups, hero not moved and settlement upgrades and just checked ‘em periodically. Another thing I’ve started doing is playing with easy diplomacy and region trading mods, so I can sit on a province or two and let another NPC faction handle development. It doesn’t work super well, cause NPCs are dumb, but it does make it for less management.
It always bugs me. I really like Infinite Crisis, and the *52* series that came out of it, so I read virtually all of *Countdown to Final Crisis* and it had nothing to do with Final Crisis and that annoyed me.
Easy to say now, harder to say when it was coming out.
A fuck load of people here gonna be shit out of luck when they find out their chosen lawyer hasn’t passed the bar in their state.
Uh, generally in Marvel movies they take the shield and throw it at their enemies as an offensive move.
Well, something clearly against the rules is most often technically against them as well, so one technically about it!
WoD Draenor is just way more genocidal than normal Draenor was.
My plan was Panda, but I don’t pre-order, so none.
However, both contain the kingdom of Lesotho.
Did OBJ give him money to do this? We need an investigation!
Not bad, not bad at all. But you got room for another fox.
I couldn't find the legit height, but The Norwegian Pearl, aka the SHIP OF JERICHO, is only 15 decks high. So if you got thrown off the top, that's like, probably no more than a 15 story drop, maybe even as low as 10 (it's also pretty hard to figure out the average size of cruise ship decks). That being said, almost certainly still a lethal fall. The Norwegian Pearl has had 3 people die after going overboard in the last decade or so, contrasted with no reports of injuries for people going overboard in that same time frame.
Don't swim in ports. Just as a general rule, they tend to be heavily polluted.
NOW WHERE WOULD I MOUNT THE STUFFED HEAD OF A WINSTON?
Seems obvious in retrospect.
Agreed. Either reduce the number required or increase the frequency of spawning, it took almost a full hour longer than the other vale ones today.
It’s dumb to fight people in burning buildings. Like; you’ll probably die of smoke inhalation or get hit by falling debris.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hqz0i83Jqxg
I did, on an arcane mage with un-upgraded benthic gear in every possible slot, a 380 weapon, a lvl 5 Heart of Azeroth, and rings/trinkets from leveling. I'll start by saying it was incredibly fucking difficult at this gear, and the whole quest-line ended up taking me just over an hour, though a fair amount of that was waiting in vane for my bloodlust cooldown. The trick I eventually found success with was waiting for a second person to come along (I spotted one also ghost walking) and partying up with them so that the fight could be done with 2 people. The mech doesn't scale, and you'll both get credit even if one person dies. Really trivialized the difficulty when you just get someone else to do it for you. If that's not your thing, use the armor activate ability to get rid of the flame DoT and avoid the explosive damage when it comes, dodge the flamethrower at all costs (it doesn't hit behind him if you're fast enough) and make exceedingly liberal use of your cooldowns. There's another semi-difficult part in the end scenario (took me 10 or so tries to finally kill the guy guarding Hobart) and the final boss is the exact same fight as the one you're stuck on. Fortunately, they made the final version not reset every time you die, so you can just do it cumulatively in like 12 (I think it took me 20) or so attempts. I've done all the Horde heritage sets, this one was by far the hardest. My similarly geared ret pally tauren had exactly 0 trouble doing that heritage quest last week or so, and I don't remember any combat in the blood elf one, just lots of running in ghost-lands.
So this is why all those assassins are in Gotham in the new Batman Arc, got it.
It wouldn't have occurred to me either, to be honest. Someone asked if you could and I was curious enough to try.
“Huh. Those look cool. I bet they buff you. I bet the crane heals you. I’m taking the crane”. Don’t know if it heals, but it does res me when I die.
So far I did the intro quests, all my horrific visions, the major invasion, both minor invasions, and a couple of the daily lesser vision dailies. You can skip 2 of the scenarios, your first trip to the halls of origination, and your retrieval of the Engine from Vaults of the Mogu. You have to do the other 3. I expect I’ll keep that general pattern up until I finish the reps on my main, after that I’m not sure. I agree the dailies (outside of the lesser vision one) are probably not worth the time to do on an alt.
Didn’t know that about Hearthy, just got him the other day.
They changed it so if you’re exalted with a faction on any character, you can use rewards purchased on that character on any other character. So cosmetic stuff like tabards and the Laughing Skull clan masks can be used on every one of your characters now, as opposed to just the one who initially unlocked the item, which is how it was before BFA. They didn’t actually make the rep itself, or the exalted status, account wide, so as of now you still gotta farm it up again on another character if you want ‘em. This is particularly annoying in Legion, where the cool, class specific armor is still partially locked behind exalted with the Nightfallen, as opposed to finishing your class hall or something less repetitive.
I did it on mythic 0 for the weekly quest, and didn’t get credit.
I did a vision the other day with 3 blood elves, a fox and a panda. I'm not entirely sure what happened to the Horde.
"Are you guys working?" "Yes sir, of course." "Good. Good. Could you.... work harder?" "Yes sir, right away sir!"
I feel ya, Ebay doesn't let you sell people anymore, and quite frankly I don't know where to turn.
They still are, you buy ‘em and just click on ‘em to apply their effect, as far as I know. As others have said, they’re cosmetic, so to see which one you have applied currently, you actually have to go into your spell book and look at the move the glyph would modify, and you should see a little box that describes your currently active glyph.
Azerite Power is a separate progress bar tied to your neck, the Heart of Azeroth. As you gain Azerite from doing various things around the world, your Azerite power level will increase, and increase the stats on your neck at first, then later will also gives special sockets that you fill with something called essences. There’s a soft cap at azerite power 70, meaning anything past that has significantly lower gains per additional level. Of the 5 Horde Allied Races, the easiest is probably the Highmountain Tauren or the Nightfallen. As both are from Legion, so their questline cap out at 110, so if you have a max level character you can breeze through most of it pretty quick.
I can’t say for sure, but I think there’s a bunch of non-main storyline quest chains in the zone that give rep. Maybe it said doing every quest in Vol’dun?
Rares do sometimes drop 410 tokens of a random armor class and slot.
I didn’t get it myself, but a guy in my group did get it a day or so ago.
The biggest gains are the weekly invasions, which I think give 500 per for a minor and 1500 for a major. Past that, and the 3 or 4 dailies you can do each day, there’s one pet battle daily up in each zone, and also 6 little events that spawns in each of the zones under attack, all of which give rep as well.
Yeah, so long as you survive until the boss starts, you can die during the encounter and still get credit.
Fun fact, if you party sync with someone doing that quest, you get the grey item worth 100g that the infused essence leaves behind. So if you’re like, really desperate for gold, and you’re ok making it 100 at a time, maybe try this.
So, in terms of performance, nothing before BFA is relevant. It’s all cosmetic stuff, the vast, vast majority of which you can easily still obtain. To illustrate, the Artifacts you’ve heard about were a central feature in Legion. You unlocked ‘em early in the expansion, and kept ‘em till the end. But once BFA came out, they stopped being necessary, and their special powers were removed. You can still obtain most of their appearances (some cool ones were removed) but they won’t be comparable to normal gear. Essentially, you think to yourself, “damn, I’d look good in a specific armor set”, or that a staff looks cool, odds are you can go back to where it’s from and get the appearance. But as noted, it’s not at all necessary, you’ll perform at the right level with just gear you get in BFA.
WHY DO I HAVE TO COLLECT PANTS AND SHOES FOR WARLOCK APPEARANCES WHEN THEY’RE NEVER VISIBLE?
They got rid of Exalted being something that was out of 999 when they introduced Paragon Reps, if I recall correctly. In any event, once you hit 21,000/21,000 revered, that’s the threshold, and you’re done.
Turns out their planes aren’t the only thing about the company that unexpectedly takes a nose dive no one asked for.
It never existed in the first place.
Was that the one where he cut a promo using just the song Tinder by Ke$ha? ‘Cause that was low key on of my favorite promos anyone has done in a while.
Ok, thank god they fired Cornette, or this would have caused him to break kayfabe himself to fight Sandow.
Nah, Cornette’s the type of guy who requests people commit suicide when he sees clips of stuff like this. If his fat wobbly ass was there live, as opposed to having been fired because he’s out of touch, I have no doubt he’d have tried to commit aggravated assault and battery, because this shit is still real to him, damn it. “No comedy in wrestling, or I’ll fight you!” - Jim Cornette, probably.
I’m sure I don’t care at all what you think.
Probably the issue that came out today.
The Batman who Laughs is EVIL and must be stopped!
Good fucking luck. As of now I believe it's chronologically impossible to explain how this infected storyline fits with Tom King's Batman and Synder's Justice League. Now, the issue that came out today (#6 I believe) quite clearly takes place after all of those stories. However, the issues that came before it are exceedingly unclear. To illustrate, the Doom Signal appears in the sky at the end of issue #2 of Batman/Superman, where Batman and Superman are ostensibly fighting Blue Beetle and Gordon in the Fortress of Solitude. But we also see the Doom Signal appear in Batman #81, where Batman is supposedly inside of Arkham Asylum, getting ready to fight Bane. And we also see it appear in Justice League #34, where Batman and Superman just arrived back on in the present after their trip to the future/hyper time. What's more, some, if not most, of the heroes infected in Batman/Superman are seen helping Batman and Superman fight against Luthor in the later issues of Justice League. So apparently the first 5 issues of Batman/Superman, the culmination of the City of Bane arc, and the events of Justice League 30-38, all take place contemporaneously, and that's impossible. Additionally, Year of the Villain: Hell Arisen, depicts a Lex who was victorious in his fight against the Justice League in *Justice League* who now has to fight the Infected, who Batman and Superman are somehow also out looking for, despite having lost the massive fight to Lex Luthor in *Justice League*?
Welcome to prison in the DC Universe. In Batman/Superman they revealed that Batman who Laughs was locked up under the Halls of Justice in an "Inescapable prison". Superman breaks him out in issue 2, and he's broken out again before the end of the 5 issue arc. Batman can build dope cars, planes, and other gizmos, but he's shockingly poor at building prisons.
So Issue 6 seems to be after Doom War. But yeah, 1-5 were somehow contemporaneous with it. Also somehow contemporaneous with City of Bane's finale. Batman is now canonically in 3 separate places when the Doom Signal appeared in the Sky.
I don't kill people. I do, however, think it's totally acceptable to launch myself out of an airplane via what's essentially a street luge, and use the resulting momentum to slam an unsuspecting woman into an oncoming truck. No way that'd could ever accidentally result in the woman's death, no sir, I'm a professional!
She beat him up in *Heroes in Crisis* and now he's too scared of her to say no. Batman and Wonder Woman too....
Batman must have planned for an eventuality that requires two Batman at some point in the past. Upon hearing there were 3 Jokers, he upped the ante. That’s also why Batman who Laughs was killing other versions of Bruce Wayne in his comic; he’s trying to get the other Batmen!
Evil’s the wrong word for it. He does betray them at one point, for a reason that’s at least fairly understandable, but he gets back into their good graces pretty fast afterwards.
AEW's lead in was Battleship, just to make sure they'd get all those people who were mad into big ships and maybe wouldn't watch wrestling. Those guys at TNT know their stuff.
Learn something new every day.
Yeah, I'm wondering that myself. The simplest answer is that no one bothered to change the normal overlay for this week, the sinister answer is that they want to trick people into thinking it's live, so they stay and watch.
Yes, Maritime Law explicitly does not apply to Rock-N-Wrestling Ragers, as a bizarre consequence of the negotiations that eventually led to the 1959 New York Convention.
Really? He was great, no question, but I honestly thought Clayface Jim Gordon (for his one episode) and Jerome/Jeremiah were more memorable.
Wait, what about that one guy, I heard he got out?
That’s probably a dq, but still a good point.
That one guy got tony’s name tattooed on his arm. There’s like, one instance in life where that’s gonna be relevant, and he fucking nailed it, and got his face on TV to boot.
I figured as much. Damn dirt sheets.
If the shield’s SWAT vests are ok, I find it hard to draw the line at life jackets.
Fuck you JR, you absolutely intended that pun.
Oh, fun fact, that sign that says “MIAMI” you see in all the Bad Boys movies isn’t real. There’s no such sign.
Praise Sigmar, the Hammer, and the Emperor!
If this was on a train, he’d say “this match is rolling past the station”
Tigers shouldn’t fight dinosaurs. It ends poorly.
They coulda done one more roll up, but otherwise a great match.
The shot of someone welding is perfect. Gotta make it clear it’s in a cage.
Bash at the Beach bay-bay!
He’d have pulled a Tommen and taken a header off the boat.
And how do we make solid steel cages? Obviously by welding. It’s PERFECT!
So following his defeat of the Justice League in the yet to be released *Justice League* #39, Luthor's hanging out with Perpetua the newbig evil lady from *Justice League* with multiverse altering powers and a love of destroying planets and or throwing them at things. She tells Luthor, "Hey, there's some Dark Multiverse energy on your Earth, it could be a problem, go deal with it". And so he does, and he gets there, and he quickly finds out it's the Batman who Laughs, and now they're fighting.
It's objectively really hard to place where this whole "Infected" story exists in the timeline. Like this takes place after *Justice League* #39, but in all the issues of *Justice League* leading up to #39, the majority of the infected characters are prominently featured. And likewise, in *Batman/Superman* you see the titular characters fighting some of the infected in the Fortress of Solitude as the Doom Signal appears in the sky, seemingly at the same minute they're returning from the future/hypertime in *Justice League* when the Doom Signal appears in the sky. So presumably the story in *Shazam* takes place before the "Infected" stuff, but, as noted, it's pretty hard to tell for sure with this one.
"PROFESSIONAL!"
Yes, it totally is, and seemingly when he found job satisfaction working elsewhere in wrestling.
That's uh, the most ridiculously expensive great idea I've heard this year.
I’m assuming someone double posted and people just piled on.
Pictured: The Spies.
I watched Trent Seven shoot himself in the face with a fat dude’s “no fun gun” the other day.
I’m happy, but I’m actually the falcone thug on trial in Batman Begins who Crane sends to Arkham.
When you put several species of animals next to each other in small, unsanitary cages, what ends up happening is that they’ll sometimes make one another sick. Then, sometimes, when a Koala makes a Pig sick, for instance, the resulting disease may not only be infectious for pigs, but also humans, and we have these outbreaks. The diseases that operate like this are called zoonotic diseases, and they’re pretty common, though often not deadly. But sometimes, like Ebola, they’re very deadly. So don’t leave your exotic animals in small, unsanitary cages near one another, and this could probably all be avoided.
I always knew if I held out long enough, all that paper young bucks money I have would be worth something.
Yeah, that’s a “Thing from Beyond”, summoned from the effect “Grand Delusions” It begins to occur after 40 Corruption, and has a chance to occur whenever you take damage. They last for 8 seconds, and if they reach you, it’ll deal ~30% of your HP. They move faster the more corruption over 40 you have, and if you have over 60, they’ll also proc the other two corruption effects (Void Tendrils, which slow you, and Eye of Corruption, which makes a circle with an eye in the middle that does stacking damage) when they hit you. As noted, you can avoid them for 8 seconds, upon which they’ll despawn, or you can CC them, which seems to cause them to despawn as well. If you’d rather not deal with it at all, talk to MOTHER (in the Chamber of the Heart) and she can cleanse the corruption from your gear.
So this week I did the following: CTA Mechagon: 75 CTA Vale of Eternal Blossoms: 100 Brawl Quest: 65 Brawl Win: 40 BG Win: 40 Epic BG Win: 40 Faction Invasion: 60 Bounty: 50 Supply Crate: 50 The top ones are every week, and if the brawl quest isn’t up, you can substitute the third CTA quest (which will be for one of the 6 initial BFA Zones). The middle set can be done once every day. The last two can be done multiple times per day (bounties as often as you can find ‘em, I think one chest per zone per day).
Big E and Kofi are great in this video. Joe is also great.
I’m pissed, it was up on the BMAH yesterday for 30k, and I didn’t bid...
Same as the name of my first major wow character, which is the same as my name here. For those who don’t know, Victor Zsasz is a fairly minor Batman villain, at least when I made the name back around 2008. Likes to commit murder and then tally the kill on his body, leading to a number of self inflicted tally mark scars across his arms and torsos. Dudes a fucking psycho. Since I made the name, he was briefly shown in Batman Begins, and had a notable roll in the Arkham series of games, as well as in the show Gotham. He’s also almost definitively in Birds of Prey: Or the Glorious Emancipation of one Harley Quinn, or w/e it’s called. I picked well.
But Lightforged gave space nukes.
They reminded me of one another, (well, more accurately, Looking Glass reminded me of Rorschach). I think it was literally just how they eat beans in front of the TV with their mask pulled up the same way. Weren’t particularly similar otherwise.
Just have him be a Terminator robot again.
Much like in the movie Momento, so long as you write “don’t believe his lies” on your body somewhere; it will eventually all work out.
Question 1: He was trapped in a large box in the Magiclands. How he got there is anyone’s guess; as before that, he was last seen being imprisoned in the source wall in *Legion of Doom*, the last story arc in the 2003-2011 *Teen Titans* Volume 3. Question 2: I don’t think he’s ever met Billy/Shazam. However, Superboy Prime has since become super meta (pun honestly not intended) so maybe he saw *Shazam* and is pissed they didn’t make a movie about him instead. Alternatively, he does beat the ever loving fuck out of Black Adam during *Infinite Crisis* so maybe he read the *King Shazam* book and figured “I can take this little bitch, if Adam whooped his ass” Or maybe Billy is just around Prime’s canon age, and Prime wants to prove how he’s the toughest teenage motherfucker in the known Universe. My best guess is that his girlfriend (Laurie?) died in some fashion and now he’s all mopey and murderous of people with families. In any event, I’m sure his whiney, self-important ass will make it exceedingly obvious why he’s doing whatever he’s back and targeting the Shazam’s.
A Dacha is a country house in Russia, for those of you, like me, who didn't know.
Nah. Thanos is like "I think there's too many things in the Universe, let's get rid of exactly 1/2 of them, that way we'll have resources for everyone". Living Tribunal is like "I'm sick of constantly having to hear about shit that could upset the balance of the Universe because of this one irritating planet called Earth. Let me destroy it, dooming 7 billion or so, to ensure everyone else can live free of universal threats. And Galactus is just like "I'm fucking famished, lets have Kree. No, wait, Skrull, and Human on 1/2". All immensely powerful cosmic entities, but Thanos is the moron upperclassman you met in Highschool/College Psyche, Living Tribunal is an actual Judge, and Galactus is the stoned dude in the dining hall.
I wasn’t disappointed. The New Frontiersmen, Rorschach’s favorite paper, was always depicted as an unflinchingly racist/sexist/homophobic paper (Watchmen #8 has a good example of their perceived stereotypes, in the political cartoon from the New Frontiersmen’s editorial board). But I also agree whole heartedly, Mirror Guy was the absolute stand-in for Rorschach in the show. His mannerisms, dress, and attitude were often meant to both openly depict his similarities to Rorschach, while simultaneously illustrating the differences between the two. Rorschach wouldn’t have snitched on Sister Night to Ms. Jupiter, for instance, while Looking Glass, given his specific trauma, wasn’t strong enough in the face of what he’d learned to loyally help his friends despite overt government pressure. And Reggie was also a fantastic character, especially because of his family’s ties to Rorschach initially, and how that all plays out. In summary; loved Rorschach, but I can’t see him as has ever having been anything other than an expressly intolerant version of Batman. While Rorschach II and Looking Glass, obviously variations on the theme, don’t carry that same animus with them, and thus it’s harder to claim they’re coming from the same place. Looking Glass is explicitly not racist, Rorschach II is a minority himself, whereas, as previously noted, Rorschach I wasn’t progressive in any way.
Eh, that’s a good point. He’s never overtly racist, though he is creepy and homophobic at times. The New Frontiersman is overtly racist however. Will try and specify better in the future.
Yes, Bats are common when it comes to the transmission of zoonotic diseases, for reasons that aren't entirely clear.
Well, he's immortal, as a result of his adventures in *Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade*.
Just do another Rick and Morty crossover episode where the hologram gains mass and the ability to manipulate objects and tries to kill human Jericho and Sammy, and they get saved by Wasp Jericho.
Did Cutler always look that mean in his picture?
The same guys who start the regular royal rumble at a large disadvantage by virtue of their starting position? I really like the idea, to be honest. Gives you a reason to possibly get invested in some of the lower card guys that come in before 15. Dolph ain’t winning, but he might stick around for an hour. Only problem is that they love the “this guy was hiding” finish, and that’s harder to do if the time they’re actually in the match matters, because then you have an even better reason for hiding under the ring all day. You could also do it with most eliminations, which is traditionally a big guy spot, but you could easily book it so someone smaller won by a single elimination. Runner up doesn’t really add anything to the match. You’re already invested in the final two, because one is gonna go on to win, so at least to me, a secondary title shot isn’t necessary there.
Pick Support/Top. Every time. It ensures you play jungle maybe once every 50 games or so, if not even less. Now; you’re gonna get 90% support, and the 10% where you’re top will come at inconvenient times, but you’ll literally almost never get auto filled to Jungle. As an added bonus, pretty short ques. Likely an imperfect solution to your problem, but a potential one never the less.
Eh, to suggest this is an entirely new feature unique to this virus is obviously incorrect, but knowledge about the actual incubation time and how infective it is during that timeframe is still useful. For instance, some very dangerous viruses, like Ebola or Hendra (both other examples of likely or confirmed bat based zoonotic diseases) have very short incubation times, with the symptoms manifesting in hours or days.
Wasn’t that the actual Mascarita Sagrada last night? Also, I recognized Park and Rush, but there was a third guy out there with them, with either tattoos or face paint. Who was that guy?
That’s probably him, I’m admittedly wildly unversed in AAA.
That’s him, thanks.
Depends on the campaign for Skyre, and I don’t play Skrolk a lot. As Skyre, if you’re playing Mortal Empire, you should be able to take the settlement directly left of Skavenblight on turn 1, and then use the Beastmen who start nearby to help you take the rest of that province. They’ll normally draw out the main army, or raze the other minor settlement, and you can pick up the pieces without fear, since you start with a NAP with them. Vortex is harder (I find the vampirates match up better vs the starting army). I tend to expand left against the Mutineers and then take River Quervu or w/e, avoiding conflict with the Awakened if possible. In either event, when I have two provinces, I try and hold off other fights while I build up an army of 12 weapons teams and artillery (ordinarily Jezzails, Rattling Guns, Warp Lightning Cannons) 7 or 8 Clan Rats (upgraded to most anything you want as you progress) and a hero or two (I normally keep an Engineer for the buffs to ranged). This should beat a good portion of what you come up against in the early and mid game, especially if you use warp-fuel to upgrade the weapons teams, so they perform even better. Also, Doomrockets. Don’t be afraid to use one if you think it’ll help, but remember that they’re basically twice as effective if you can catch an army as it’s coming in to reinforce, because of how stacked up the enemy tends to be. And since the AI can’t account for their use, they’re not adverse to taking fights that could be easily swayed by one. Also, try and use your starting engineer early and often, because warp-fuel can come from hero actions. Finally, if you want a more advanced starting strat for Mortal Empires that’s kinda fun, here’s what you can do. On Turn 1, use Ikit to take the immediate left settlement, and use your food to make it rank 3. Build a Construction Cavern and a Rubbish Pit (or w/e the rank 1 of that is called) in that settlement. Hire a second lord and 3 Skaven slaves at Skavenblight, but don’t upgrade anything there. Send your warlock to the settlement to your immediate right; and have him build an undercity when he gets there. Now; you’re gonna want to keep the second lord in the territory of Skavenblight, and have him raid. Have Ikit go around the areas to the left, killing or raiding for more food. When the Undercity is established, build food production buildings. Have your engineer steal technology, and use the resulting research bonus to go directly across the available path until you get to the first +30 food capacity research. Continue not upgrading anything in Skavenblight. Ideally, your constant raiding of Skavenblight will spawn a rebellion, which will attack the city right around the time that research finishes, and you’ve reached the newly researched food cap. (20 or so turns in) Let the rebels attack and raze the city, then send someone to recolonize the ruins, and use your food to make it start as a Rank 5 city (which would ordinarily take much longer using the normal population growth system). From there; tech up and play as normal.
Fun fact, the Executors of N'Zoth count as rares.
Yep. Completely unrelated. Part of a totally legit Cambodian effort to help increase the number of poor people in their country who have access to bank accounts, and provide them with a Universal Basic Income.
Nothing to do with Sanity. If a Thing from Beyond starts running at you, or the circle appears underneath you, and you use the cloak, those things go away for at least 6 seconds.
I've been playing the new raid the last few days, and so have been taking Auspicious Spirits. It's technically better, but feels so much worse it's honestly sad.
Yeah, Surrender to Madness had it's day in a few fights (specifically Argus, cause you could return from the dead), but it's been Lingering Insanity and Legacy of the Void all the way down for most of the last two expansions. I still use SW:D almost all the time, even though it's worse. I kinda miss Void Torrent as well, but I'm OK with not having that one.
Lesnar, not to be outdone by Tony Schavone, mouthed “who the fuck is this guy” a couple of times as Keith Lee was entering the ring. I love that Lesnar continues his gimmick of paying no attention to anything in WWE outside himself.
YOU THINK YOU KNOW ME?
I feel like the dude deleted everything, but I'm pretty sure some guy's gotta do something involving his flair and some pro hitler stuff now that this happened.
"Tonight is almost a tale of two Royal Rumbles" says Cole, seemingly unaware there's actually been two separate Royal Rumble matches that night.
FUCK COUNTDOWN TO FINAL CRISIS!
Yes. He gave up his outfit, and decided to quit crime, then opted to instead try and solve some crazy thing about Gotham, with the help of military grade amphetamines that have prevented him from sleeping for 3+ months. Not sleeping makes you super skinny. It mentions his Year of the Villain special on right before the Penguin is getting all his guns out of the case. Page 6 or so.
Swoll Hospital.
Yours is better.
So the main point is true, some of your settlers will absolutely drop a Synth Component when killed. These settlers will normally act like other settlers, but have a chance to become hostile and attack the settlement they live in. If you're foes with the institute, they'll also join in any attack against the settlement by the Institute. That being said, these settlers are otherwise functionally identical to normal settlers, and short of saving, killing, and reloading (or using the console to look at each settler's inventory) there's no easy way to determine if the settler is a Synth or not. After all, the Synth Component they carry isn't equitable, and don't give passive resistances. People have long made the mistake of not realizing an NPC's resistances are being modified by a piece of gear (such as Long Johns which give 1 energy resistance) and assume the difference is caused by the fact a settler is a Synth. There is one other quirk to synth settlers. The Brotherhood of Steel is supposedly hostile to them, if the settler passes a BoS outpost while being assigned to supply lines.
I wasn't sure about that, only because I feel like I've seen it before I've encountered the Institute, and wasn't formally enemies with them. Maybe I'm incorrect. It doesn't happen when you're friendly with the institute, for sure.
Oh cool. Imma definitely do this.
That’s illegal. Specifically, you’re not allowed to sued and then suddenly remove assets and declare you don’t have the means to pay. The way it works is that the shell corporation is just poorly capitalized initially, so there’s no assets that need to be stripped when the lawsuit occurs, it can just declare bankruptcy and close. There’s a whole bunch of really unethical shit you’re totally just allowed to do normally, but most of it only crosses into illegality when you do it in response to a lawsuit.
He’s in The Defenders too, specifically when they play the song “Protect Ya Neck”
Batman is a professional. He knows exactly how to ride a street luge he launched from an airplane, and how to use the resulting to momentum to slam a woman into an oncoming truck without causing serious injury to anyone involved. But no, you’re right, that’s like, almost always gonna end up being a very lethal injury.
Noooooob!
“who wears the all black Batgirl suit that Cassandra is most commonly associated with.” Boy, sounds an awful lot like what you said.
It’s a weird comic. Obviously famous ‘cause Jason dies, but the fact the whole thing is a Joker plot taking place in Ethiopia of all places is just a bizarre detail. Add to that, Joker’s escape from Batman is to literally become the Iranian Ambassador to the UN (complete with a Super Villain reveal panel of Ruhollah Khomeini) so that he gets diplomatic immunity for the murder. He then, in his first session as a registered diplomat of a country at the United Nations, tries to gas the place, which I feel should be an international incident, but is never addressed in the universe again. So it’s not like “inter-dimensional blue asshole alters time in various ways, including splitting Superman into two alternate versions of himself, and bringing Superman’s previously dead father back, all of which results in the imprisonment a 5th Dimensional imp, who then escapes and goes to harass Superman’s son; and in doing so accidentally merges the memories of both alternative versions of Superman, creating the real thing again” weird. But, ya know, still weird.
Finally got the Utility Mechaclaw recipe from Mechagon, which was the last drop I needed for the meta achievement and mount. Now all that’s left is to farm up approximately 1200 or so spare crates and use literally 100% of the resulting parts to build ~700 things I don’t want or need for the Junkyard title. I probably won’t be getting the Junkyard Title.
So while I worked my way to exalted, I paid very little attention to what dropped from whom, or how many times I killed them. As such, can’t be of much help. I can say the Hearthstone took less time than the song that drops from the data anomalies, which was the second to last one I needed.
It’s a Warcraft 3 Reforged Collectors Edition thing, I’m pretty sure.
So, back before Blizzard normalized mount speed at the start of Cata, the Violet Porto-Drake was one of the few 310 speed mounts available outside of higher level raiding or PvP.
Yes, during the invasion there’s 5 new daily quests and an event quest, all of which provide Vulpera rep. When they’re up, they’re up for exactly 6 hours.
The item you get in the chest at the start of the week is where you get a guaranteed Corruption drop. Not finishing the +6 itself.
That’s Ambush Bug, in the green bug like costume, right? Or am I getting my ridiculously silly Batman villains confused again, and that’s Ant-Boss, or Green Man, or Antenna Boy?
There it is. I don’t think I’ve ever seen him depicted with the green mask before. Just the metal colored one he’s been wearing more recently.
God Damnit Ozy! One squid in New York was enough, you didn’t have to teleport several more into the damn ocean! How’s that even helping avoid nuclear war?? Oh Dr. Manhattan is gonna be so pissed whenever he gets back! You’ll see!
We should be stock piling Kryptonite irl too. Never be too careful.
This one’s pretty easy to explain. It’s almost never good to lose a billion dollars, but when you look at it via the metric they used, sometimes it’s not problematic. You’re correct in assuming that this is a pretty big drop for WWE. The metric they’re using is the value of all outstanding stock WWE has, which is referred to as *Market Capitalization*. It’s an easy to determine, though not particularly insightful, measure for looking at how much a company is worth. Now, a billion dollars, as noted, is much larger than your average company’s market cap, but there are also companies with much larger market caps. For instance, Amazon’s market cap is something like 423 billion, so a loss of even 3 billion in a day might be a common occurrence, even if the company itself didn’t do or announce anything. WWE’s, market cap was ~$4.5 Billion, and at around 4:00 PM, WWE’s stock was trading at ~$62. It closed today at $48.88, with a market cap of ~$3.5 Billion. So in this case, a billion dollars was a big chunk of WWE’s value, and they’re probably pretty unhappy with the loss as a result.
It's definitely annoying, but there's no damage coming out during that phase (as long as you can sidestep the snowballs) so you can take your time and just stop for a few seconds before continuing on, and not be punished for it. Also, though I've never tried this myself, I suspect using a [Draenic Living Action Potion](https://www.wowhead.com/item=116276/draenic-living-action-potion) can cleanse it off you and give you the time to make it across the room.
Turn off game sound.
Serious question, when is Cornette gonna find himself without any wrestling to watch? Impact, NWA, and RoH all fired him, and his ego won't let him watch their TV, since he's no longer associated with it. Now he can't watch AEW, and whenever he gets around to watching MITB or Wrestlemania, WWE will be out too, because the Corporate Ladder Match and the Firefly Funhouse Match were just as wacky as Stadium Stampede. NJPW is also probably out, as Yano's matches 'kill the business', DDT is way the fuck out, and so is NOAH most likely, since DDT owns 'em now. So by my count, he's sworn off or been fired by 8 of the 13 largest wrestling companies in the world and is currently limiting himself to watching MLW, All Japan, Dragon Gate, CMLL and AAA.
He didn't realize that a week is a lot longer than 9 hours, or that an episode of South Park has a sub 30 minute run time. In short, what he's trying to argue is "What AEW did is not impressive, it's a feat that people accomplish all the time." But instead the argument he made was "It's not impressive AEW filmed a 30 minute match in 12 hours, because famous cartoonists are well known for spending 18x as long filming and editing shorter segments for their animated TV show".
Well, The Boneyard match was only 20 minutes. So it took WWE a whopping 24 minutes to film each minute of their match. In contrast, The Stadium Stampede match was 30 minutes, So it took AEW only 18 minutes to film each minute of their match.
No, she was. Before Sacrifice 2007. She was with them, then against them as the manager for The Heartbreakers (Antonio Thomas and Romeo Roselli) before managing Basham and Damaja. She then poached Lance Archer. After she left them, VKM got Roxxi to help them re-even the score.
Eh, right you are. She wasn't a member of VKM, she was just feuding with them when Gunn cut the promo I'm thinking of.
The second comment is asking if Grant "Danny Havoc" Berkland had any relation to James "Jimmy Havoc" Mcahren. Dumb joke on a good day, disrespectful on a memorial post.
Wikipedia puts him at 34, for what it's worth. May 19, 1986.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Danny_Havoc
Still ain’t got that music player that sings about the ‘pacas.
"Eh, you're probably right. Let's give it to that undead shadow priest instead. You know, the one over there with a big pulsating purple eye on his head and who's knowingly referring to himself as a servant of N'Zoth. What could go wrong?"
The PvP trinkets are really good for Demonology Warlocks in PvE, for reasons.
Eh, it works fine on like 6. You can get good numbers with it on Wraith, Skitra, Maut, Shad, Xanesh, and Ra-den, even if only two of those fights (Shad and Xan) are the best case scenario for it. By no means the best option, but a good one for about 1/2 the raid tier.
It’s not RNG, it’s Demon Hunter’s insane haste making stars proc a lot, since it’s proc is based on the player’s haste. Twilight Dev works this way as well, Mindflay tentacle does not.
People loved Sylvanis in Warcraft 3 and liked her well enough in most of the WoW expansions before BFA. People also like Kerrigan in Broodwar, but like her far less in Starcraft 2, because that game’s writing is worse than Broodwar.
So for Vex, it can do fine, but the multiple adds during phase 1 and the inability to easily stack them on her when she's up in the air makes a mediocre outcome more likely. All those recommendations are from my experience on heroic or normal version of the fight, as I'm only 3/12 mythic, with 9 total boss kills. That being said, I'm almost certain Skitra keeps IS stacks when she splits, at least on the lower difficulties. I know most dots drop off just due to the duration of the split phases, but IS doesn't have a duration, and therefore remains. If you mean the twisted/clouded splits in Mythic, as noted, I haven't done it enough to have noticed. The twisted/clouded splits also fuck up logs/meters (since they can only register damage on targets they see) so I haven't been able to gain a ton of insight as to what works best for me.
If you've played Vermintide, Sienna is a mage who's going to trial for fleeing the College of the Bright Order in Altdorf, before everything goes to shit.
I’d argue the End Times kinda press ganged all of them into fighting Skaven, but to each their own.
To be fair, Hogan worked TNA from 2009-2013.
I didn't say it was.
Stars procs off spell casts, TD only off attacks, I believe.
"Ah, Mister Secretary Mister Burr, sir Did'ya hear the news about good old General Mercer No You know Clermont Street Yeah They renamed it after him, the Mercer legacy is secure Sure And all he had to do was die That's a lot less work We oughta give it a try" Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton, July 15th, 1790.
Ahhh. I totally forgot about Joe vs. AJ where Joe was just yelling his wife's name like it was Batman v. Superman.
Or you know, liking someone enough to donate money vs. working as their employee for 3 years.
Yes. You might be the only person, on the entire earth, who believes WWE, just now, noticed that Drake Maverick, someone they previously believed was talented enough to sign to a contract, was, in fact, talented enough to be signed to a contract... He was never, at any point, fired, which is why his famous promo after being ‘fired’ was somehow about his ability to ‘win’ his job back in an entirely scripted sport, and also why he continued, without any interruption, to appear on WWE TV the last several weeks. Can you spot the other people, who were, presumably, actually fired, who got this same opportunity? In any event, as I see it, if WWE didn’t want him, they wouldn’t have booked him to be successful, or even at all (you know, like they did to all the actually fired people and/or people who remain on the roster). But WWE did want him, so they booked him to lose in the finals and get ‘rehired’ anyways.
Well, ask yourself how many of the other wrestlers who they fired were allowed to continue appearing on WWE TV as part of a month long storyline that continued after their so called release. When you realize it was essentially only Drake (and maybe Kurt Angel if you count his recent appearance as a ref), I hope the answer becomes exceedingly clear.
Well I’m a little pissed I watched a few minutes of Speed. Apparently elevator and bus bombs are coming up.
Because, just remember, if and when you do call 911, the cops might just murder you. Like they did to all those other people this week.
I’ll argue with this 8 year old, that’s sure to make people respect my movement.
I’ll take “shit everyone but the British electorate understood to be the core reason behind Brexit” for 200 Alex.
And cape.
Use the N’Zoth toy to kill the players around you before you craft the next pair. Nothing like a good, old fashioned, blood sacrifice to make the gods like you slightly more.
It’d be a new class, so you can assume it’d start at level 125, and that it’s gonna clearly be OP as shit. I elect that you build the class around Maut’s Obsidian Skin, on a 4 min CD, which also moves you like Heroic Leap, and makes you immune to CC, and can stun enemies near your location when you cast it, and the buff uptime can be extended longer than its base duration. Then add in at least 2 dashes and another separate mobility move, ideally without a cool down. You know, the type of move that just passively makes them faster then all other classes. Oh, and it needs at least 2 separate forms of hard CC and a kick. Probably give it spell steal and spell reflect too, cause why not.
The LU contracts were exclusive, and didn’t guarantee dates, and were based around when seasons of the show aired, as opposed to when they were filmed. So a lot of guys who worked the first few seasons, then decided they wanted to go work elsewhere for more money now that they’re bigger names (Pentagon, Fenix, Rick O’Shey) found they were still under contract to LU, so they couldn’t wrestle for anyone else. And at the time, it wasn’t clear if LU was going to tape another season. So a lot of people found themselves in a limbo of sorts, unable to finish their LU contract because it wasn’t filming, and unable to wrestle elsewhere because technically they were still required to abide by the exclusivity provisions in their contract. Eventually, some of the talent sued, and it was correctly decided that if the company is only paying people for the dates they work, and isn’t sure when, if ever, those dates will be, the contract isn’t enforceable.
Nah, it’s not sarcasm. I think if they actually had ever fired him, they would have, well, you know, fired him. He’d be replaced in the tournament, because he no longer works there. He’d be off TV, because he no longer works there. Like what happened to the other 15+ people they fired that day. But instead, they let Drake cut promos, and remain on the show, and wrestle matches in a big tournament and even booked him to be one of, if not the, most important story of the whole thing. Which, if they’d just actually fired him, seems like a weird choice, because there’s presumably like dozens of people who you didn’t just fire who could have easily played the same roll. In any event, I think it was a work from start to finish, and I think WWE probably knew he could work when they hired him initially. Oh. Also, since he was fired in April, and rehired in June, do you think WWE was still paying him that whole time?
Yeah, this was after Final Crisis.
Not to mention Khali was a bundle of laughs in The Longest Yard, and was properly cast in Get Smart.
Yep. https://www.tvinsider.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Screen-Shot-2019-07-20-at-1.54.38-PM.png
I missed the jacket, but the same message was also clearly visible on his trunks all match. Oh, and it was a great fucking match as well.
That's sorta what I figured. No new Super Hero movies coming out for him to do.
It was on the jacket he wore out to the ring as well. Oh, and great fucking match.
I think they should just get rid of all the pillars. Games will go a lot faster when there’s no way to line of sight to safety.
Its a lake, which proves the earth isn’t flat.
The dude drove his car into the protestors before shooting one, so I don’t think anyone’s gonna have a particularly hard time pointing out that he most likely wasn’t a fan of the protests. But, you know, I guess there’s still a chance that ignorant people might just read the title, then draw incorrect conclusions based on it, before finally commenting inanely to support their previously held biases. After all, you did...
I think it's about as realistic as them stating the game at 30% dampening.
Yes, that's generally what happens when you drive a car into a group of people and then shoot one...
I liked it. It’s one of the more ambitious Batman stories to not be tied directly to a big-name costumed villain. Sure, there is ultimately an overarching evil force in the story, but they’re never trying to enact an exceedingly convoluted plan (like, say, in *Knightfall* or *Hush* or *Death of the Family* or *I Am Bane-City of Bane* or the *Designer* storyline that will finally continue tomorrow, to name a few.) The majority of the shit that goes down is done by low level gangs and criminals, often with little forethought, acting on the big ass power vacuum that gets mistakenly created, and doing so in ways that rapidly escalated into a citywide gang war. As such, it’s a rare story where many of the more famous characters are forced to alter their plans based on the actions of far smaller players. It also leads almost pretty directly into Under The Hood, which was really good, if you ain’t read it yet.
Attempting to explain the post Rebirth continuity, and more importantly the chain of events that led to its creation, briefly rendered me insane. However, I got better, and long story short, everything’s now canon, unless you’re explicitly told otherwise. And I can also say that yes, following his defeat in *Infinite Crisis* (and his subsequent defeat in *Sinestro Corps War* and *Legion of 3 Worlds* and whatever *Teen Titans* arc it was where he got stuck in the source wall) he shows back up in a box in the Magic Lands, where he’s eventually freed.
&gt; You're right, I shouldn't have kidnapped those people. But all seriousness, spending 9 years in prison, especially from the age of 16 to ~25 years old, is gonna make it real fucking hard to get hired. Even if there wasn’t a stigma against hiring convicts, and there absolutely is, that’s time most other people spend getting educated or gaining some kind of work experience. And for the sake of clarity, since people might not read the article, it’s that’s the opportunity MVP is referring to, his initial shot in Deep South Wrestling in 2005.
I’d point out that Hate Speech is illegal, or at least regulated, in most countries that aren’t the United States. So, even though you personally don’t think it exists, which is hysterical, as it’s been a well defined concept for way longer than you’ve been alive, the term actually has both longstanding legal definitions in many countries, and years upon years of varied judicial precedent to help determine exactly what counts as hate speech for the purpose of those laws. These are all resources that reddit could use to model any ban on content of that nature. Generally, hate speech is actually super easy to spot. It’s a sentence like “all white people are dumb and intolerant fucking racists who intentionally ignore things that make them feel sad about themselves, and should all therefore be shot”. See? Pretty easy to spot. It’s public speech, that expresses hate or violence towards a person or group, based on something such as race, religion, or sexual orientation. That’s a pretty simple 3 prong test you yourself can easily apply to your questions. Using this hypothetical test, we can safely say no, criticizing intolerance is generally not hate speech (though it can be when you use a critique of intolerance to be racist, like I did above). Additionally, we can see there’s literally millions of ways to be critical of something like religion without having to express hate or violence. To illustrate: “The Catholic Church was wrong for covering up the molestation of children by members of its religious order, and further reforms are needed to ensure the problem is solved for good”. Vs. “All Catholics are child rapists and we should kill them”. This really isn’t a difficult concept.
The first four words of the title are “hundreds of Reddit moderators”, so that’s an incredibly easy answer to your question. As for your statement, you’re still not allowed to speak however you want. Here’s a list of US free speech exceptions: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_free_speech_exceptions?wprov=sfti1 You’ll find that there’s a whole bunch of long-standing restrictions on your free speech as an American, but yet somehow, despite these restrictions, America still has a famously unrestricted freedom of speech. To illustrate some of these editions, I’m not allowed to call you a “child rapist with an STD”, because that’s defamation (specifically libel). I’m not allowed to give a speech urging people to go to your home and burn it to the ground, because that’s incitement. I’m not allowed to scream at you that you’re a giant fucking pussy and that I fucked your mom and sister, as those are (most likely) fighting words. There’s others, but you get the idea. To me, it’s never made sense why I can get in trouble for defaming a specific person, or inciting people to commit violence against a specific person, or for making statements that would likely result in a specific person coming to blows with me, but when I expand any one of those non-protected forms of speech to a large group of people, as opposed to a specific person, suddenly all 3 are totally acceptable. And that’s all hate speech really is, at least to me. Speech that’s very close to defamation, incitement, or fighting words, but just aimed at such a large groups of people no specific person can claim to be financially or physically injured by it. Also, as noted, there’s like, a whole bunch of countries that ban or regulate hate speech, and most haven’t fully embraced weakness, nor have they seen additional erosions of their freedom of speech regulations since the passage of their hate crime laws.
See, I don’t know if I’d go so far as to say Hate Speech should be illegal under American Law; there’s obviously a ton of potential problems that poorly drafted government restrictions on speech can cause. Any law that attempted to ban hate speech would need to be carefully tailored to ensure it only wasn’t overreaching, and that’s not particularly easy in practice. That being said, I’ll certainly support any private business’ decision to not allow Hate Speech on their physical or virtual premises.
It’s always entertaining to see people claim Germany and the UK and France are these Orwellian hellscapes for free speech because they have hate crime laws. Makes it super hard to take anything else they say seriously. In any event, there’s a whole bunch of people involved with this website who currently think the individual right to be a racist shithead is less important than the group right to not be exposed to racist shitheadery. This is neither a new, nor novel concept, and I hope it’s the direction Reddit chooses to go. That being said, as Reddit is a website, and not the US Government, you’re well within your freedom of association rights to leave and find another website, if the terms of use or moderation policies of this one aren’t to your liking.
I land right in the middle of all this. I'm very engaged with the game and online community, but use vanilla banners, a decent number of mods, and mostly play the game on easy difficulty.
It's a fun start position. Lots of Tomb Kings, Vampires, Orcs, Skaven and even some Beastmen to crusade against.
Well, in real life, sure. In Total War: Warhammer 2? Not a feature, to the best of my knowledge, but a bunch of my mods tweak diplomacy.
So I use a combination of Region Trading, Easy Diplomacy, and Confederate/Liberate/Vassalize Everyone (or something to that effect). Region Trading lets you gift land you don't want to anyone for reputation with that faction. You can buy any city in a province you control at least one settlement, provided the faction likes you enough. Easy Diplomacy makes the AI do whatever you want diplomatically for ~300 gold or a trade agreement. It can obviously be game breaking if you use it that way, but it does have the desired effect of making diplomacy easier. Finally, Confederate/Liberate/Vassalize makes it so you can force confederation or vassalization when you conquer an enemy faction's last settlement, as well as an option to restore the settlement to it's initial owner, which is useful if you want a LL trait or to confederate a faction that's been wiped out.
Because Skaven can level up razed settlements with food if they want. So if you loot and occupy a settlement at tier 1, then you always have to let it grow normally. But if you raze it, then come back later, you can pump food into it and raise it to a higher tier, if you want, or just let it grow normally. If you let it grow normally, you're correct that it would be a few turns faster to loot and occupy, but that's a fairly minor trade-off in most situations when compared to the potential ability to start a settlement or province at max tier, should the situation call for it.
It was never an event, just a series of balance issues that were mostly dealt with when The Warden and The Paunch came out. In the previous patch, the Orcs weren't updated, and therefore weren't as powerful, so they'd lose to the Dwarfs on a consistent basis. The Vampire Counts were bugged, and would just wander off into the Badlands, and as a result the Empire didn't have to deal with them. Bretonnia also had a new Orc foe added to the center of it's lands around this time, so all the Breton factions would ordinarily fight these orcs, and not one another. Taken together, it meant all three factions could easily and consistently grow and confederate their counterparts until they collectively owned most of the Old World. They'd also often be allied, if for no other reason than they all hate Chaos, who will always eventually show up. Now, the Orcs are much more of a threat, the Vampires are back to being aggressive, and a few other changes, it's less of a thing.
"This is every night for you, huh?" "Most of them. Yeah." "Why the hell do people live here?"
I don’t think Superboy-Prime is considerably stronger than Superman. Supes wins the punching match they have on Mogo, even after being weakened by the Kryptonite nearby. I always thought Prime’s apparent power came from his lack of weaknesses (he’s only weak to magic or kryponite from his dimension) and the fact he just constantly fucking murders and cripples people with little provocation, whereas Superman doesn’t get up to that much.
So your point is well made, though I do have some minor points. New 52 Superman pretty easily breaks Hal's constructs when they meet in *Justice League*, so I don't think it's fair to say he struggles. (That's the same book where Batman legit just steals Hal's ring off his finger, so maybe just a bad showing for Green Lantern). You're still right about the full Corps though, as *Injustice* and *DCeased* show that Superman doesn't believe he can take them all on himself. Also, Prime is well known to possess the secret ability to punch his way out of Zones and or pocket dimensions he doesn't like. I'm not sure it's fair to call that brute strength, since as you noted, it's not theoretically possible to be that strong /shrug. Finally, you're correct, he's famously [immune](https://comicvine1.cbsistatic.com/uploads/original/11/111254/3041553-2035920222-29820.jpg) to magic from DC's main dimension, but theoretically would have the same weakness as Superman to magic from his own dimension (which, as I understand it, is non-existent). Apparently an unclear use of the inclusive 'or'. And for what it's worth, Spectre is magic, but not a caster, while Mxy is dimensional fuckery in the same vein as Prime's immunity to magic/kryptonite. But yeah, I suppose I stand corrected.
Sam Rockwell is great.
without this, I'd have missed the joke too.
Sure, but if people don't complain on time, the flood will continue unabated.
He was. Then we killed him. Then in Cata they tried to bring his ghost back, but we killed the dude doing that. Then the Blood Trolls opted to worship G'huun as the new blood loa, so we killed him too.
That’s one of just four achievements I have in 3 Kingdoms. I got it for myself for Christmas and just never really got into it. I also have no achievements at all in Shogun 2, largely because I got a copy of it for free earlier this year as part of a promotion, or in Warhammer, which I only got to improve Warhammer 2. I do have the majority (84%) of the Warhammer 2 achievements however.
Yeah, either underbroker (who’s place of business they’re at) or one of the two Joker goons wearing Clown Masks who was there with Punchline.
Just Blood Gods. I do it for Khorne, but others probably just want the loot.
"The chances of me joining the Robert Stone brand are 1/1,000,000". "So you're saying there's a chance!"
It's both a pure single target fight only thing, and a Demon Hunter only thing. Blizzard let their dumbass class stack raw Haste with their eyebeam, then proceeded to make some corruptions (IS, TD) proc as a result of player haste. The result is that on this specific Shadhar fight, where this guy intentionally ran IS 6 and no other corruption the first week he could below 60, his IS managed to beat the fuck out the rest of his rotation. If you played Demon Hunter, and just used your eyebeam, you'd easily see your stars go to this much damage as well.
Germany has stricter laws on Hate Crimes than America. This is because the conquered Germans felt bad after WW2, and passed laws to prevent Nazism from rising again, whereas the American South felt like they got a raw deal during the American Civil War, and routinely brags about how their brain-dead ideology will rise again.
He'd buy us more goal posts, that's for fucking sure....
So, uh, how'd Superman get in here? Like, aren't there doors?
There's a feat of strength for completing all the class hall questlines from legion.
No. I’m not watching Main Event. You can’t make me. Put these awesome matches on the 3 hour Raw or the 2 hour Smackdown or the 2 Hour NXT or the 3 hour ppv. But 7-10 hours of WWE is already too much.
The first line of their overview on the Warhammer Fantasy wiki says "Considered the ultimate Human warrior..." It continues: "Not even the greatest Knights of the Empire can match these living saints in combat" "They are blessed with enhanced strength, speed and endurance. Many have been known to heal wounds and possess the gift of prophecy, while others are protected by auras of shimmering energy." The Captain of the Empire page on the same wiki does not contain such superlatives.
Reaping Flames, Remote Guidance Device, and Writhing Segment of Drest'agath are all activated abilities. Lethal Strikes is the passive component of Reaping Flame, Melee's self explanatory, and gushing wounds is a random corruption.
That's fine, but all the people who you know, who aren't aliens, will be like "Yo! That guy's really fucking unhappy with these aliens".
Here me out. The story of Vermintide presumably takes place during the End Times, as that's the subtitle for the first game. It'd have to be early into the End Times, as Morrslieb has yet to be blown up by Clan Skyre. I bring this up because during the End Times, a lot of shit is going sideways, including Ulthuan being invaded by lots and lots of demons. Now, also in the End Times, the Lady of the Lake was revealed to be Ladrielle, an Elven Goddess who created the nation of Bretonnia to safeguard Order and the elves. So, with the world falling apart, and there being a real need for grail knights, she picked a man who's not a fanatic for another god, and who has proven beyond a doubt he can withstand the corruption of chaos, has killed the undead, several chaos-affiliated champions (no dragons or Orcs that I know of). A number of countries kinda did the same thing with COVID 19 in real life, essentially waiving some of the medical school graduation requirements to allow students with the proper training to get out and help people that much quicker. So is it loreful? No. It's pretty clearly a direct contradiction to everything that's written about Grail Knights. But one of the core ideas of the franchise is unlikely allies, and a random god opting to give the U5 some support because there's no loyal Bretonnians close enough to help out does fit that theme.
If you think dead professional wrestlers terrorizing the populace isn't somehow in the cards for July, you've got another thing coming.
Eh, she's looking over her shoulder. Just a really starched collar.
No, just like in Star Wars, they escaped the trash compactor/dumpster monster safely. However, unlike in Star Wars, they took the rest of the night off, as opposed to escaping to AEW/The Rebels with whatever plans they stole from the Death Star/Performance Center.
But I saw those guys in Ninja Costumes, and they had masks on....
"This feels like too many people" "well, what if we got more?" "Then it would definitely feel like too many people"
Oh, cool, this is finally out. Now do I buy both HCs, wait for them to put it into one book, or wait for them to do an omni with Watchmen, Doomsday Clock, and all the relevant Flashpoint/New 52/Rebirth stories?
Dominic Mysterio v. The Messiah Seth Rollins w/ Austin Theory and Buddy Murphy. Yes, every night for the next 10 years.
It’s actually named after famed late 2010s rapper Cardy B. It was following that arc where the version of her with access to the Speed Force (Cardy O) took her back in time to save the school from unruly real estate developers who wanted to turn it into a country club (typical 80s villains) She is successful, and the city was so happy they named the school after her.
I stopped reading when they announced Cardi-H (the Nazi one from Earth 10) and Cardi-D (the Darkseid version). Too much of a good thing, as DC is wont to do.
I liked this arc a lot. This reveal was great, but in my mind the best part was when the alternate versions of Sinestro/Cheetah gave Green Lantern and Wonder Woman some kind words, whereas Grodd uses the opportunity to reestablish he hates Flash. https://i.redd.it/vncii2acumy21.png
Well, had that been in the solicitations, I'd never have dropped the book.
He loses his eye, and the rest of himself, when Wonder Woman kills him in DCeased: Unkillables. Not really what you're looking for, admittedly.
Cassandra Cain is depicted in a big ass picture in Wayne manor with the rest of the Bat Family
So I'm honestly not sure why this whole hashtag started. The show garners mostly positive commentary online, is highly rated on IMDB and rotten tomatoes, is mostly praised by critics, and is on now on TV, as opposed to just DC's streaming platform, in Canada, the UK, and the US. Oh, and to top it off, it's animated, which makes it comparatively easier to produce during COVID, since you don't need to bring people to sets or have a crew there to film anything. So I guess I'm just asking, why wouldn't they renew it?
As others have noted, the only big one you're missing is Hell Arisen, as Batman/Superman and Batman who Laughs play into the stories leading into Death Metal, but the relevant arc/entire run stops canonically before Death Metal begins. On a semi-related note, if you haven't read them yet, Morrison and Snyder's Batman runs help to clarify just why Barbatos is obessed with Bruce Wayne, and how Batman was able to serve as the doorway to the Dark Multiverse. It's mostly from *Batman: The Return of Bruce Wayne* and related stories from Morrison, and various single panels across Synder's whole run, so they're unlikely to significantly enhance your Death Metal reading experience. That being said, having read them independently between Metal's release and now, I thought it was cool how elements of the story were popping up years earlier.
No, it's legally still World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc., at least for SEC filings and other stock market purposes. You're correct they have been doing business under just the WWE initials for a while, and most of their internal stuff just uses WWE as opposed to the full corporate name.
One of the early signs I remember about COVID came from WWE's Super Showdown in late February. That show is best remembered for the combined 4 minutes and 30 seconds the WWE and Heavyweight Title Matches got, but I remember being struck by the number of people in the crowd wearing masks. It wasn't uncommon to see a fair number in the crowds at a New Japan show, but at the previous Saudi shows, you'd never see 'em. This show, roughly 30% of the visible audience was wearing a mask.
Ah.
The Paralympic Games allow for visible sponsorship logos on uniforms, in contrast to the Olympic Games, which do not. Nissan was in 2016 (and may still be, I don't know) a sponsor for several athletes on the Brazilian and GB teams, Terezinha Guilhermina included. And, for what it's worth, the event was essentially a promotional appearance, it wasn't during a competition.
They were jogging as part of a promotional appearance before Bolt raced in the Mano a Mano Challenge later that weekend.
Nissan sponsored the Mano a Mano Challenge that Bolt was competing in that weekend, and this was a promotional appearance for that.
This is actually even more Nissan related than you might think. This wasn't an actual Paralympic event, or even a qualifying race (though Nissan did sponsor Terezinha Guilhermina in the 2016 Paralympic games as well). The picture was taken at an event designed to drum up publicity for a track event called * the Mano a Mano Challenge* that Bolt was racing in the next day. That event? Also sponsored by Nissan, if the fact an advert and one of their cars can be seen on the starting block camera: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jb8wC9Gt2FE
The Morrison one is great for a whole slew of unrelated reasons (the first 2/3rds are available in Omnibus form) but if you read *Final Crisis* and *Return*, you get how Barbatos first became aware of Bruce Wayne. The Synder/New 52 run is also good for a whole slew of unrelated reasons, but like I said, the relevant stuff is about 3 or 4 panels of Batman exposed to various heavy metals that don't seem important at the time, but allow him to serve as the door. I'd recommend both if you like Batman stories, but they're probably not going to meaningfully improve your Death Metal experience.
You gotta watch out for those Asian shirts, they’re way smaller than the same size in America.
Skaven have already invented Ballistic Missiles, Space/High Atmosphere Flight, Bioengineering, and more shit I’m forgetting. Even if someone in the Empire learns how to build trains or machine guns or poison gas, they’d likely just forget how to build it when the inventor died.
CM Punk sent Randy Orton a shout out, and some cash, because Orton killed the guy who was supposed to host, so WWE was forced to hire Punk for the night.
I'm confused. The cover is from 2004, but it looks like a Rockwell painting, but that woman behind her is dressed contemporaneously for 2004, but the corn is being sold for 25 cents per pound.
The episode actually won the first Writer's Guild of America award for animation.
Eh, it's a pretty common God motif. Here's a version of the same story, but in reverse, from the TV show *The West Wing*: &gt; You know, you remind me of the man that lived by the river. He heard a radio report that the river was going to rush up and flood the town, and all the residents should evacuate their homes. But the man said, “I'm religious. I pray. God loves me. God will save me.” The waters rose up. A guy in a row boat came along and he shouted, “Hey, hey you! You in there. The town is flooding. Let me take you to safety.” But the man shouted back, “I'm religious. I pray. God loves me. God will save me.” A helicopter was hovering overhead and a guy with a megaphone shouted, “Hey you, you down there. The town is flooding. Let me drop this ladder and I'll take you to safety.” But the man shouted back that he was religious, that he prayed, that God loved him and that God will take him to safety. Well, the man drowned. And standing at the gates of St. Peter, he demanded an audience with God. “Lord,” he said, “I'm a religious man, I pray. I thought you loved me. Why did this happen?” God said, “I sent you a radio report, a helicopter, and a guy in a rowboat. What the hell are you doing here?” Father Thomas Cavanaugh, The West Wing, Episode 14, Season 1. Admittedly, it works best as 'evidence for god' if you can have God there to explain all the unseen ways he was working in which to help the character.
No, that's why it says "propose limits". They can say "you should do X" and Congress is free to just not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYjFKsJjCP0 55 Seconds or so into the clip.
So I've been told the lead-in to AEW tends to has some tentative connection to the episode in question. I don't know who I'm expecting to become a child-murdering clown on tonight's episode, but I'm hooked already.
Damn, good point.
Well yes, he showed up at Money in The Bank for whatever reason, but no, he didn't kill any kids. Maybe Seth will hire him to take out Dominick, but I doubt it.
I had the exact same though.
Naomi McDuffie is a relatively new superhero, who is in *Young Justice* and her own limited series, in the Wonder Comics line that DC puts out. There's also at least 2 black female super heroes, Vixen and Natasha Irons (Steel) who are currently members of the Justice League, though they're not depicted often. Both had minor cameos in *Hell Arisen*. Vixen's last main feature was in *Justice League of America*, a book that was ended with *No Justice*, and Steel's was in *Titans*, before the book was canceled in April of 2019. There were at least two other black women who were part of the Teen Titans at one point, Bumblebee and Pantha, but the first had a family and retired, while the other got murdered by Superboy Prime, and has only appeared as an evil corpse in *Blackest Night* since. Going slightly broader, both Jessica Cruz (Green Lantern) and Kendra Saunders (the current Hawkgirl) are of Hispanic origin, (Cruz is Mexican/Honduran and Kendra is unspecified Hispanic) and both have major rolls in *Justice League Odyssey* and *Justice League* respectively. There's also a female 'green lantern' who's Bolivian in the aforementioned *Young Justice* comic. Finally, arguably the most powerful non-superpowered person on Earth, Amanda Waller, is a black woman. Probably not a super hero in the traditional sense, but worth a mention here. A few people mentioned that Black Lightning had two daughters, Thunder and Lightning, who were super heroes pre New 52, but I don't believe they currently exist in DC. Likewise, someone mentioned Rocket, but she's a character from the Dakotaverse (Static Shock universe) which, as I understand it, was never fully integrated into DC due to legal issues, and was ultimately just a few cameos around *Final Crisis*.
&gt; Hell. Formerly Themyscira. The DCU. (Yes, the real DCU) That's the intro we're given after Sargent Rock talks about making people eat shit and the title page.
I read that note, was confused, figured it was a totally minor bug relating to the specific lord type in question, then moved on. So yes, you're right.
&gt; "... I just fired an arrow half-a-mile through raging winds into the brain of an undead king of the sea while he was mindcontrolling the damn kraken. @#€% you, Batman" Green Arrow, a few panels later. https://static1.cbrimages.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/ollie-batman-2.jpg?q=50&amp;fit=crop&amp;w=740&amp;h=453
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nubia_(comics) Different Character, used to be around more before the whole Crisis on Infinite Earths, not so much anymore. She's currently a resident of Earth 23, where the difference is that everyone is black (including Superman, who is also the President of the Untied States).
Nah, both DCeased #6.
&gt; "Oh @#$%. Wonder Woman's a zombie" Vandal Savage's last words.
Generally speaking, villains are immune, heroes are affected as normal, sometimes more-so. Most things from other universes, not just kryptonite, works this way. However, there's no real rule, its at the digression of the writer.
Two Face would be in a position to take it, flip the coin, and opt not to.
Yeah, as others have said, it's mostly minor things. Batman is tricked into doing something in Metal, which works because he was exposed to various metals throughout the course of the New 52. These take place during major stories in the run, but the significance isn't really touched upon until Metal. The Court of Owls, one of the main antagonists from New 52, also makes a cameo appearance, but it's a really minor one.
Just to clarify, the person incorrectly identified, Sunil Tripathi, was recorded as missing on March 16th, almost a full month before the bombings took place. His body was found on April 23rd, and was ruled a suicide. From your recap it sorta makes it seem like he was killed as a result of reddit misidentifying him.
Yeah, I was confused about that too, but they’re different demons. It totally does just sound like a title Lucifer would give himself.
I just finished the final third, and read the other two thirds semi-recently. Really enjoyed it.
So for like, several games, I didn't realize you could press the reload key and have the axes magically teleport back to you. So I spent most of those games trying desperately to make sure I hit all my axe shots, fearing if I sent one off the side or just missed a far target, I'd spent the rest of the map essentially lacking a second weapon. It sucked. I'm glad you can press the reload button and teleport them all back to you.
I don't think you can as Kruber. With 30% damage to chaos, or 20% damage to chaos and 10% damage to armored, you're still sitting at 4 hits for a Chaos Warrior. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jW6aIOReB1oRsMCNKXVLNWjXp2NspCl048dPAU2a2Gg/edit#gid=62597031 Feel free to fuck around with that and see if you can find one.
For one, it’s always entertained me that Evil-Batman from Earth 3 is Owl Man and Watchmen Batman is Nite-Owl, and their costumes are similar. Also, Rorschach being bigger than Manhattan feels wrong.
TIL. I had never considered it, but I suppose it fits with the story, and quite frankly his lack of appearance in any of the two Watchmen properties that existed after kinda drive the point home. But he gets laid in Watchmen, and quite frankly I can’t fathom his DC version managing that.
I know you’re implying he works hard, which is comically misguided, but it‘s way funnier to read what you wrote as saying “well if you just sat on your ass and did nothing of value for weeks on end, you’d look like shit too”. At least we can both agree he looks like shit.
Oh I’m sorry, are the rat men not fighting fairly and honorably? The nerve.
Nah, I get it. Mad at the rats for not playing fairly.
New slogans cost money, and this one worked fine last time. No need to do anything different! EVERYTHING IS FINE!
Ah, I remember that British Gangster they punch out. His last words (before being punched out, he doesn’t die) was asking Knight to not tell his wife about the women he was with.
Yep, it’s unfair the Skaven have access to such a powerful army stance. And it’s unloreful, because real armies, especially ones comprised entirely of sneaky rat men, wouldn’t just ambush their enemy every chance they get! They’d all march out in front of them and wait for a formal declaration that the battle has started before actually marching forward. But if you’d rather we be acute, Skaven as a race in Total Warhammer 2 seems to have been largely designed/balanced around the stance, and it shows as Skaven units are often some of the games weakest, save for weapons teams and artillery. Now, If everyone had access to the stance, I’d probably agree with you. But when it’s given only to specific factions (Skaven and Nagarythe) it makes sense that it’s stronger and more useful than its generic competitor. And for what it’s worth, the Skaven screwing one another over is not just a central part of their vortex campaign story, but it’s also reflected in the Loyalty system, which Skaven use. In any event, the stance is fine, and people complaining about it seem like they’re just mad the Skaven keep ambushing them.
The Batman of Earth -23 went crazy and killed every hero in his version of the Universe. So yes, Batman can, and has, killed everyone everywhere when he decided it was the play. But, if he fucks up at all, and Superman catches wind of him being a prick, Superman can just toss him into the sun. And Superman is far from the only person in DC who could throw Batman into the sun if it entertained them.
In order to strike at Sasha, Sammy just legit killed Rick O'Shey. Poor guy, I'm told he was doing great things on Main Event before he was murdered.
Beats getting Dave Meltzer Drivered.
Yep, here it is: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUMgzDiYfRU
Yeah, he worked with General Zod after Empire Joker. But not the real General Zod, the Pokolistan dictator version of the character. Of course when he shows up in Empire Joker he's all like "Son of Jor-El" and "You will kneel before..." so maybe he was Zod, then someone else put on the armor later. Who knows.
&gt; "It is extremely difficult to be a white man in ~~America~~ Gotham right now. So I'm thinking, I might try being a blue one" The Batman Who Laughs
New Earth is the same as the old Earth in every way, except with 4x the gains. Prove me wrong.
You're correct, he's never actually shown dying, but his last exchange with Barda makes it pretty clear he's not going to run away. &gt; MM "We can always escape" &gt; BB "We escape and the past stays the same. The world dies. &gt; MM "I know, we have to keep fighting. We have to give Booster Gold a chance to save the universe" &gt; BB "What a ridiculous sentence" &gt; MM "But if he can turn back time. If he can find a way..." &gt; BB "...Are you last words really going to be quoting Cher?" &gt; MM "I like Cher" And in the next panel they're swarmed. You see Barda as an infected later, never Scott, but I think their conversation makes it pretty clear he fought and died, as opposed to escaping at the last minute and leaving his wife to kill his friends. Also, he's not present when the Tree Lobsters make it to Ivy's forest, whereas Dr. Fate, Zatanna and John Constantine are. All that, along with him being memorialized in the Oblivion Bar, means we're at least supposed to think he's dead.
I love the campaign button with the monocle design.
Yep. Long story short, an asshole decided to make a version of superman who remembered everything from before New 52, and a version who would not. This second Superman was the one in New 52. Then, at the end of New 52, the second Superman dies, and the first Superman, who's been watching from the shadows and having a son, takes his place, at the start of Rebirth. Later, a 5th dimensional imp shows up. He's angry, because Superman's dad (who was saved when Krypton exploded by the aforementioned asshole) had kidnapped the Imp and locked him up. Superman was unaware this had happened, and didn't come to save the imp, so the Imp was mad at Superman. The Imp pretends to be Clark Kent for a while, then kidnaps Superman's son for reasons I don't remember. Superboy goes looking around the weird ass 5th dimensional place they're in for his parents, but the imp summons the New 52 versions, who weren't together and didn't have a kid, and this confuses and makes Superboy sad. Superboy uses his sadness, super powers, and some 5th dimensional fuckery to combine both versions of his parents, so their memories were no longer split between the two versions. Then they all leave and go live their lives while the imp just fucks off to another dimension and shows up again to send the Justice League to the 6th dimension a few years later.
Did you know that Independent Contractors lack many of the same protections employees would get, including Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights act? So uh, even if you had ironclad proof that that Jim Cornette was requiring talent to fuck his wife in exchange for perks at work, there's a very real chance that no laws were broken, since he was just sexually harassing his contractors, not his employees, and for whatever reason that's just OK with people.
Oh sure, it’s morally and ethically a shitty thing to do, no question, but unless it’s also illegal, people ain’t going to go to jail. And if you can tell me what laws he may have broken, I’m all ears, but ‘ruining someone’s life for not banging your wife’ is a weird one, and threatening to do so may not be enough. Like, it could rise to the level of extortion, but depending on where you are, there’s a chance the facts might not support it, or that the statue of limitations has run its course (which, happily is not a thing that can happen in Kentucky). In any event, while the victims may well have a legal recourse; their employment classification prevents them from making use of the most commonly mentioned one.
For what it’s worth, it does not appear Kentucky extends the protections to independent contractors. (It does require employers with 8 employees to provide protection against harassment, as opposed to the Federal Government’s 15, but the key word there is once again employees). And in Kentucky, they use a much more basic test to determine Independent Contractor status than the one laid out by the FLSA. The Kentucky version of the test has 4 prongs, and one of them is ‘the intent of the parties’. So if you signed an OVW contract that referred to you as an independent contractor, that’s going to be taken into account (along with the nature of the work, the extent of control by the ‘employer, and the professional skill of the alleged ‘employee’). So lacking access to the federal cause of action is a big deal in settings like this.
Blackmail generally requires a threat to expose hidden information, so it doesn’t seem like it fits here. It does sound like extortion, but like I said, it’s there’s a chance the facts don’t rise to that level, and I don’t know enough about it to say for sure. And yes. I was largely just pointing out the normal ‘quid pro quo” test might not be usable for wrestlers, because they’re contractors and not employees.
I’m certain that challenging your employment status is nowhere near that easy, especially when at least one billion dollar company has a very real economic interest in continuing to see wrestlers being classified as contractors. Feel free continue to just keep claiming this would be something that would be easy to do, but that’s comically misguided. Don’t just take my word for it, here’s the US District Court of Connecticut, telling 3 former wrestlers that sued WWE they’re shit out of luck because the contract they knowing signed clearly said “independent contractor”. https://www.ctemploymentlawblog.com/uploads/file/wwenewruling.pdf But yes, in the event that we just totally overlook the difficulty of someone going to federal court, and fundamentally changing the last ~50 or so years of employment law interpretations, a successful plaintiff would then, and only then, be allowed to make use of the protections that are currently not extended to them.
Cool shit, Super Smash Bros once again killing the game (in the sense that they're wildly exceeding all of their competitors, not that they're harming the actual Smash Brothers game itself).
&gt; "When you do things right, people won't be sure you did anything at all". Very true of tanking.
Glad someone noticed.
Wanna guess which classification of workers the FMLA doesn't directly apply to? If you guessed "independent contractors" you get a gold star! Now, the definition of employment used by the FMLA is a lot broader than the one used by the Fair Labor Standards Act, so AEW talent may still have coverage as 'employees' under FMLA, but it's not a guarantee.
Now, you'd think that, but let's be real, the number of people wearing partial face covers around is way higher than it would be during any other year.
I agree, that's a bad look from start to finish, and a potentially expensive one at that. It's way cheaper, way easier, and way better looking for the company to provide their talent with the the relatively low level of benefits required by the act (12 weeks unpaid leave in the event of a serious medical event) then it would be to take the issue to court. I just like pointing out the various non-obvious ways that wrestlers can get fucked over by their 'independent contractor' status.
Funnily enough, the only time in my adult life I've had to use a fax machine was when I was working a personal injury law-firm. I had to send documents to hospitals to prove the firm had the right to receive medical documents for my clients, and the hospitals would only accept these documents via fax. So yeah, Doctors, Lawyers, and Fax Machines.
I legitimately forgot Dolph used Drew as backup a while ago.
I had forgotten about "Lets Make Bullying Kill Itself" until I saw this comment.
Nia sarcastically using "It must be Monday" made me like her more.
Excellent as always.
I like how Burger King is referring to that little piece of plastic they put up in front of their registers as "The King's Shield".
Oooh shit, he called him Jason, this shit's real now. Oh, before I forget, Christian was in the movie *Shoot "em Up* as a random ass security guard. I don't really know what I expect people to do with this info. But Edge fucking killed that.
And The Big Show turned heel mid promo. Damn I love this man and his inability to stick with a single moral code.
Oh, so close. They're gonna make it seem that way, but then Big Show gonna turn heel and join Orton and Flair to form the faction Narcissistic Parasites.
So I can't help but notice Extreme Rules is coming up, and they've yet to book a Stairs match.... Big Show was in the first one, so he's got the necessary experience.
Shame, I was holding out for early 2000s rapper Joe Budden.
Nah, he wasn't even attacked.
Beth is alive, she's a commentator on NXT. Matt totally counts, and was, at least in Kayfabe, killed by Orton.
I can't believe Randy Orton punted Ric Flair! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1a5QsYErnws Now, granted, it was at least 10 years ago, but I'm still in shock to this day.
Seriously, what the fuck was the point of doing the whole Snoop Dogg rap version of Sasha's theme if we never get to hear it because her and Bayley don't have proper team music? Like, they always cut it right as Snoop comes in.
No. He's not required to kill every legend, just the ones he wants. That's why John Legend, and the people involved in making League of Legends, aren't in any danger from Randy, at least now.
Oh right, that was Tables, Ladders, Stairs and Chairs! Let's go with Extreme Stairs, has a better ring to it, and WWE can get the trademark.
May 10th, vs. Tamina at Money in the Bank.
I'll have you know Todd Christley cares deeply!
I forgot about that one. I'm also kinda worried about Will Smith, declaring that he is legend in that one movie might make the snek man mad.
I don't know if I love or hate the fact that's totally feasible.
Fuck, she swerved me.
How will Asuka win now that the Green Mist has (presumably) been banned due to COVID? Is she just gonna kick the shit outta women like she used to? I hope so. That was my favorite version of Asuka.
I like the Hurt Business as a name. Also, damn, they followed up on Apollo winning via the ropes last week.
People loved Hangman Page's 'anxious millennial cowboy' gimmick, so she's presumably trying for 'depressed millennial harley-quinn cosplayer'. I can think of worse gimmicks.
&gt; The first mistake I made? Don't kidnap people! EVER! That shit really set me back, and you're already way more famous then I was when I did it, so I can't stress that there's really no need for you to do it!
I like the pixelization effect they do now when they slam people into the LED boards/posts.
Of course, for he is limitless. Now, can he pounce both in different directions? Physics says no, but I have faith, and that's always been more important.
Damn, the ambush nelson, a rare breed of the full nelson. Lashley breaking out some rare ones.
So you're way closer than you might think. It was originally set for an August 2019 release, but was pushed back to a January 2020 release, then was moved again, to a March 2020 release, but then COVID happened, and now it's being released on Prime Video this Friday (June 26, 2020). It was released in January 2020 for Australia and New Zealand, and was released in the UK on March 2020. So yes, the film has now been scheduled for it's American release for almost 10 full months, and it wouldn't shock me if they've been promoting it for longer.
I had the same thought, which is silly, because obviously that was in no way what he meant.
I figured he'd just do the Jeff Jarrett thing and job a few times before vanishing into the ether. Happy to have been wrong.
Ask and you shall receive. PRAISE THE MESSIAH!
STEAL HIS EYES! STEAL HIS EYES! STEAL HIS EYES! Dusty Rhodes knew that ocular mutilation was the most important part of wrestling, so much so that when WCW told he he couldn't do it, he did it anyways and was fired for doing it!
Oh, that was it. Well not my favorite ending, but a good show none the less.
Y'all fucking idiots. Dom isn't going to turn on Rey. Rey's gonna be the one to turn on Dom, because he knows, deep down, Dom's not really his son. VIVA LA RAZA! (AND IF YOU THINK BRUCE WASN'T THERE IN 2005, AND THEREFORE CAN'T POSSIBLY REMEMBER THE *CUSTODY OF DOMINIC GUERRO* LADDER MATCH AT SUMMER SLAM, THINK AGAIN, HE TOTALLY WAS THERE)
&gt; Well you see, as a member of the Women's Tag Team Champions, Sasha Banks is one of the few performers with the ability to appear on any show she chooses. While some less educated fans erroneously believe this privilege only applies to matches where the the Women's Tag Team Championships are on the line, any true WWE scholar knows that the holder of those specific championships may use this privilege however she sees fit. -William Regal, an unspecified point in the future whenever he gets a cameo account and some one pays him to say this.
Bah, I forgot they brought that back, and that people always do their best work there.
See, if Seth just has one guy join him, then he's even. But if he gets Danny Burch and Oney Lorcan to join him, then he's got more people than Rey's group. That's just math. Also, they could get whichever members of the Forgotten Sons aren't the problematic ones. Blake and Murphy ride again! (unless he's the problematic one). Also, Austin Theory is 22 years old, holy shit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKeL3Mu5AKo
Refreshing the page works too most of the time.
Assuredly.
Honestly, it's just been since he started working with Edge. He was fine in his feud with Ali (where he could cut promos about how he had legit injured Ali and cost him the best opportunity of his career to that point) but his feud with Kofi was largely based around him having called Kofi stupid 8 year prior, and everything else he did in 2019 was forgettable. But his work with Edge, Beth, and Christian these last few months has been top notch.
Nah, I've seen that before, and I'm sure that's either because of The Grudge, The Ring, or some other early 2000s Japanese horror film ghost. Now why they'd be mad a Ceaser, who knows, I'm not a ghost whisperer. Or a medium.
And a Town in Maine.
Beacuse the son turning on the father is some *Oedipus* shit, and everyone knows that Sophocles is a second rate play write when compared to Shakespear, and that WWE should rip off *Titus Andronicus* instead. Oh, also, Vickie G. appeared on a few AEW shows, and now WWE doesn't let her talk to them [anymore](https://www.prowrestlingsheet.com/vickie-guerrero-cant-interview-wwe-stars-aew-dark/).
Yes, they jobbed all the time, and the most memorable moment they ever had was when Sarah Logan was telling us how Daniel Bryant prejudiced against people from the south because he'd never tasted ~~gay~~ [game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIfHvkzhoUY&amp;feature=emb_logo) meat. (Jump to like 1:44) But people can still enjoy wrestlers who lose all the time. Especially when they have a cool theme (admittedly one that never really worked for the heel team they were).
If Hardy's twitter is anything to go off, you got your wish.
So, like literally every other depiction of Ninjas, they're way the fuck weaker in groups then they are by themselves. STOP BRINGING YOUR OTHER NINJAS WITH YOU! THEY'RE SAPPING YOUR NINJA POWER!
WWE has an American Ninja, who's also a Warrior, and it's awful you're erasing her accomplishments. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kacy_Catanzaro /s
Tituba to be allowed multiple character witnesses, and to never be asked to read *The Crucible* again.
I think the show was slightly better, largely because it never tried to make itself a traditional Super Hero show. This allowed it to delve into other, more meatier topics, such as race relations in America throughout the 20th century, which most comic books generally avoid touching on. And it did so under the direction of Damon Lindelof, who's always been great at taking denser subject matter and making it into entertaining and compelling television. In contrast, Doomsday Clock is very much a story about the DC universe and it's denizens, told partially through the lenses of characters introduced in Watchmen. The problems they encounter are the kinds only super hero would ever come across, and the solutions to said problems often require people to be punched very hard before they agree to it. It was still a great Super Hero story, and if you were particularly attached to a specific character in Watchmen, odds are they show up, at least for a minute or two here, while the same can't be said of the HBO show, which uses a few of the Watchmen, but also adds some wonderful new characters (like Regina King's Sister Night or Tim Blake Nelson's Looking Glass). That all being said, both are really well done, each expanding on characters from the original work in interesting ways, carrying over many of the motifs from the original, and just generally being both entertaining and fulfilling stories.
She shows up for large stretches of the *Red Hood and the Outlaws* New 52 Run. You'd have to look up the specific arcs, but I feel like she shows up in 2 or 3 of them over the course of the ~30 or so issues that book had.
There is. "MIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!"
So that wasn't even him in City of Bane, it was Clayface pretending to be him. I forget why. He was in Jokes and Riddles a fair amount (as much as anyone) and he was in the wedding stuff for an issue or two, but those were his only real appearances in the main book. He did show up briefly in *Metal* (as well as its prelude), and Syder's *Justice League* as a member of the Legion of Doom. Oh, and he was briefly in Doomsday Clock (whenever that occurred).
The Gotham show is mostly about Jim Gordon as a younger cop and Bruce Wayne as a child directly after his parent's murder. So no Robin in it, sadly.
I never played Warhammer tabletop, so this might be off base, but I was interested enough to seek out a few PDFs of the old army books. Each one I've looked at has been about 50% or so stories, myths and explanations of characters or units. They tell you some of the past exploits of the legendary lords, explain the history, major cities and factions within the race, and other stuff like that. This is the fluff. The other 50% is the actual numbers and rules for playing the tabletop game, like how much it costs to field each unit, their stats, the rules for using the unit, what items they can use, and other things like that. This is, presumably, the crunch. For instance, here's an army book for the Kingdom of Ind (8th Edition): https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_Redi9cZJ5iaWxHQVRkVERjalE/view If you look, you'll see the first 30 or so pages are mostly just stories and the like, the next thirty are a combination of both, a brief description of the unit, it's rules/items, while the final 30 pages are mostly just a chart/list to help consolidate all the info.
AEW Dynamite agrees with you. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UoZ1Vv3TaE
Just like Chaos in Fantasy. They're described as an endless horde of demons and warriors whenever they march into the Old World, but they don't play that way at all.
I was surprised this one was so easily accessible, and that it existed at all.
4 whole stories since 2012... Death of the Family in 2012, End Game in 2014, War of Jokes and Riddles was 2017, and Batman #49 was fully two years ago, June 20th, 2018. And only Batman and Catwoman show up in the latter two, the rest of the Bat Family isn’t in those stories. For what it’s worth, Mr. Freeze has played a role in at least as many stories in that time period (Night of Owls, Arkham War, End Game, Cold Days).
Prejudiced, not racist, if I recall. Which is good, because everyone in that segment is very, very white, with the exception of Tamina. Also, in true Southerner who's never been there form, she tries to make fun of the state of Washington, and fails to do so in a coherent manner.
The hardest part would be determining the full list of comics DC ever printed. I doubt a complete list exists. You’d also have to pick how you defined it, because DC prints a bunch of comics not related to their main universe, like *Scooby-Doo*. The next hardest part would be getting your hands on said comics, which would be very expensive if you did it legally, and time consuming even if you pirated them. Bypassing all that prep time, it would take you a few years, at least, reading all the time, and probably the better part of a decade if you just did a few a day. Would be a lot easier to read, say, every Superman comic, since lists like that do exist, would be less total issues, and because he’s comparatively more famous, you’d have an easier time finding his comics then you would, say, a random issue of a less popular character or team.
I'm certain the AI is a lot better than I am at determining which city out of the 30 or I have I forgot to build walls in. Its annoying.
It's not always eating the bats themselves. Bats can act as hosts for a number of zoonotic diseases that don't spread unless they're exposed to another animal before they encounter humans. The [Hendra/Henipavirus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henipavirus) is one such example, which only spread to humans after it infected horses who ate grass with infected bat droppings on it. Another famous one, [Ebola](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ebola#Transmission) can be contracted by contact with an infected fruit bat, but the virus can also pass to non-human primate or [Duikers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duiker) so it's exceptionally difficult to determine how the virus actually first passes to humans. Even for Covid, where bats are believed to be the reservoir host, it's believed human infection was through an intermediate host.
I was pretty sure that's how it worked, but I wasn't sure. I don't often pay attention to AI heroes, so there was a chance I was just letting them get the information without noticing. Knowing this, I feel like there's a way to use this to your advantage. Leave one settlement unwalled, park a lord in ambush stance on the route they're likely to take, and the result would hopefully be favorable engagements as they approach.
I love how you won at least 9 battles that turn, but yet somehow still included a picture in which Metable Scratchewscar is still sitting outside of Karak Raziak. Guess he thought your plan was dumb and decided to wait.
Eh, a single Skaven general unilaterally not sticking to the plan makes it more loreful somehow.
It was Randy Orton.
I'd argue the best use for it in that clip would be to ult the turret right before the Rift Herald charge finishes, to prevent the largest part of it's damage. Alternatively, there's an argument that you could use it to CC the Mundo while the Twitch and Panth kill the enemy carries/support who now don't have their tank, but that would require the Twitch and Panth to be able to win that fight, and we see they can't. Maybe you use it on the minions at the very beginning to make the turret start hitting the champions as Twitch opens fire, but again, that's pretty dependent on the Twitch, and the next wave is fairly close behind. But yeah, I can't see a reason to use it on Sienna, Ziggs, or Ashe there, and it was definitively wrong to use it to CC Twitch like he did.
I feel like some game I saw a clip of did a riff on that where when you try to open a smashed door, it tells you it’s locked, only for the whole front of the building to fall away and give you access.
So unrelated to this specific clip, but related to Rusev in general, how much of his stream is in Bulgarian?
That was the weirdest use of Mass Effect Music I’ve heard in a while. Also, any time anyone does a split and punches someone in the Dick, I’m for it, provided it’s not my dick. God damn gas station gangs.
The song they played in the background of the Kiss/Janella segment sounded like the load music from Mass Effect. The other part should be self explanatory.
That’s it, thanks.
Nah, it was definitely not exactly the song, but similar enough that I'm sure you and I aren't the only ones who recognized/recalled hearing it.
Not from the very beginning, but it's a great segment, and he does go all out for most of it.
THEY TWEET AT HIM!
Damn, never though I'd see the phrase "goosestepped into your heart".
Why Plagueclaws over Warp Lightning Cannons?
I was curious, and that's actually the lowest of the Warhammer 2 races. After Skaven comes Vamp Coast (1.2%), Dark Elves (1.3%), Lizards (1.4%), Tomb Kings (1.5%) and then High Elves (2.2%). The achievement for winning a legendary campaign with any race only has 1.5%. If we remove the requirement it be on Very Hard or Legend (which is a separate achievement) Skaven are still the lowest, with 4.2% of players having beaten a campaign with them on any difficulty. Then Vamp Coast (4.7%), Dark Elves (6.6%) Tomb Kings (7.3%) Lizards (8.5%) and once again High Elves in the lead with 13.3%. All the achievements that correspond to Warhammer 1 races were added much later into the game's history, and so way fewer players have those ones. The highest is Empire, with 3% having won on any difficulty, and 0.8% of players having done it on Very Hard/Legend, and the lowest Norsca, with 0.3% having won on any difficulty, and 0.2% having won on Very Hard/Legend. Apart from the victory ones, the lowest two represented are having crafted everything in the Mortuary Cult as Exiles of Nehek (0.3%), and conquering Lothren and building a special landmark as The Drowned (0.5%). The highest are that 73.8% of players have completed a ritual, and 71.7% have killed 100 enemies in battle with a single lord.
Yeah, you get that same thing with Ikit, where Storm Demon is close to your Vortex start, but across the ocean and a donut from your Empires start.
It’s just the normal non-traditional vignettes they do to announce Lars Sullivan is coming back.
The bomb turban was from the *Jyllands-Posten*, a Danish newspaper, in 2005. The incident led to protests around the world, some of which turned violent, and led to some embassies being attacked (this is distinct from the attack on US facilities in Benghazi in 2012, which was a terrorist attack that took place during a protest/riot against the release of the film *The Innocence of Muslims*), as well as attacks against churches and Christians in various parts of the world. There have also been several people arrested over the last 15 years who have plotted to attack the newspaper or cartoonists in question, though none have succeeded. (An aside, the *Jyllands-Posten* recently just made international [news](https://www.dw.com/en/china-angry-over-coronavirus-cartoon-in-danish-newspaper/a-52196383) again, this time by printing a picture of the Chinese flag with Covid viruses replacing the stars) *Charlie Hebdo*, the French satirical newspaper, did reprint the cartoons in 2005, and was taken to Court on the charges of inciting violence, though they were eventually acquitted. There offices were then firebombed in 2011, before the release of an issue that was to feature Muhammad as their guest editor. It does not appear anyone was seriously hurt, though some of the editors were given police protection. Then, in 2015, the infamous shooting occurred at their offices, killing 12 and injuring 11, which led into other, related terrorist attacks across France. Later in 2015, a guy in Copenhagen attempted to shoot his way into an event discussing free speech and *Charlie Hebdo*, in an effort to kill a a Swedish Cartoonist. The shooter was unsuccessful, and opted to shoot up a synagogue instead. Now you know about *Charlie Hebdo*.
There's a movie where Chris Rock ran for President, called Head of State. It came out in 2003, and I probably saw it around that time, and haven't seen or really though about it since. I distinctly remember only one tiny part of the movie. It's when his opponent is launching a series of attacks on him, and during the montage there's a Cable News Anchor saying that Chris Rock's character is under suspicion for "ties to the drug dealer Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad". So yes, very common.
It's trumped by the defendant's right to understand the legal proceedings taking place against them. Which is good, because understanding the penalties you face at trial, being able to make decisions about the case, and being able to adequately communicate with your lawyer are all essential for a trial to work at all. It can also be bad however, because people with severely reduced competency may never regain it. In America, when people are judged by the court to be incompetent to stand trial, they are confined to a mental institution until competency is reestablished, which, as noted, may never occur.
And has defended it once every 100 days, on average, with the last defense on Jan 18. And has fought the old champ, Toni Storm in 2/3rds of those matches (Piper Niven was also in one of those). And the other one was with Taynara Conti, who was fired in April.
It’s NXT UK, not NXT. NXT UK only exists so WWE could prevent a bunch of British talent from signing with British independent promotions. Which is why Kay Lee Ray has 1 defense for each 100 day of her reign, and Toni Storm has 1 defense for every ~68 days. Rhea’s reign would be similarly unimpressive, but because she won the title in August, and the episode didn’t air till November, her 139 day run is recognized as 44 days.
https://www.prowrestlingsheet.com/jamie-noble-collapsed-lung-injury-photos/ He didn't say, just that he got stabbed and his lung collapsed. But a quick google search indicates most people don't need transplants to recover from this injury
That's not what *Scott Pilgrim vs. The World* would have you believe.
Almost man, almost. It boggles my mind how dedicated to this you are. Do you know u/SuperDidioPrime? I feel like the two of you would hit it off.
Damn, I missed those random club affiliated druids. They were cool guys, while they lasted.
https://www.darklegacycomics.com/comics/651.jpg I can't not think of that comic whenever I'm in Boralus
Teleporting and Shooting Fire a month after Matt Hardy did it on AEW....
Decades, in fact.
Glad you laughed, that was the intended reaction.
That's a serious accusation of embezzlement from Corbin, let's see if WWE pursues it.
That Lacy picture had a terrifying face.
Well, that wasn't a bad promo till the laughing at the end.
I can't actually tell you how much I enjoyed this joke.
Summerslam was originally scheduled August 23rd, in Boston. Massachusetts (the state in which Boston is located, for all our Non-American/Trump Supporters) won't reopen stadiums until there's a vaccine or other significant treatment options. So I suppose it's good he doesn't intend to run shows in Late August? Because unless there's a cure/vaccine, that show most likely isn't happening as planned.
Jokes on the Skaven. The whole trick was that when they were created and released into the world (by the descends of over religious folk who were too stupid to recognize a Faustian bargain) was that humanity wasn’t able to just genetically engineer cats to kill the rats, then dogs to kill the cats, then wolves to kill the dogs, then gorillas to kill the wolves. The gorillas can’t survive winter, so they just die. And people wonder why there’s no Skaven in 40k.
He’s had a rough few years. He tried to give Batman a wedding gift and brought his parents back, but it accidentally fucked up the time stream and was held hostage under Wayne manor for a long ass time. The timeline eventually gets unfucked, and Booster goes to therapy (he can’t stop seeing the blood of all the people he saw die on his goggles) and then while he’s in therapy *Heroes in Crisis* happens, and he and Harley are framed for a bunch of murders and have to go on the run together for a while.
Lived in and around Boston for years. It’s decently accurate, but nowhere near the level it would have to be to evoke emotion at seeing it gone. Wackiest ones is when I get lost and I find myself at a place I know from Fallout and not real life. Was driving home from the airport and I took a wrong turn and ended up at the real life Easy City Downs.
They released the Grail Knight no more than a week ago, and haven't announced any of the other specs yet, so you're gonna be waiting a while.
Thanos was supposed to show up, but then they dropped it and sent 'em to space instead. Now they're fighting the Borg in the 1920s or something like that?
Should I read Batman Eternal? Pretty sure I’ve read most of the other Batman stuff from this decade.
That chair he has sucks, the metal base of mine broke in under a year.
Alright, thank you.
Punchline in shambles.
Is there a guy in that picture? Like, not even trying to be rude, it appears to be all women. Also, Riddler had a 'daughter' for a little while, who went by Enigma. She hung out with Joker's 'daughter' Duela Dent for a while, then rejoined her dad, who though she was stupid and beat her to death.
I think it's an accurate description. Joker thinks outside the box, and does something terrible and unexpected. Batman adapts by building a new box, which stops the Joker.
You see we, as the Police Commissioner and District Attorney, have all the rules we have to play by. Makes it impossible to take down the scum of Gotham! But you're telling me that if we just let someone, a random citizen who doesn't work for us, break all those rules, and then look the other way and present the resulting evidence as if we didn't do that, we're not breaking any rules? Gotham is saved!
I told you that spotlight is just malfunctioning! It’s not related to Batman at all!
So because it's all VATS based, as opposed to being an FPS, your build matters more. If stronger enemies get a critical hit, you probably will get 1 shot, so just be ready for that. If someone says something about you having your weapon out, probably best to put it away. Rope is useful.
If the person who leaked it had access to Tyson’s medical records, yes, that’s most likely a HIPAA violation, even if the leaked info wasn’t true. But, if they just lied about the whole thing, I don’t think that’s a HIPAA violation either, just fraud.
Yeah, Arthus had won a fight in his life. Bovar just gets his ass beat. Bovar is apparently a high ranking alliance general, but he fought in the Third War, which wasn’t successful for Humans, and no one ever says what he did there, so we can suspect he got promoted when his commanding officers were flenced by a Pit Lord or something, and wasn’t himself killed by the time other people across the world ended the invasion. Or maybe he fought against Sylvanas, at which point, he also got his ass kicked as she took over Lordaeron and kicked his species to the curb. Then in Classic, he becomes Regent of Stormwind, where he gets played by Onyxia into doing stupid shit, and is a terrible leader, before he lets young Anduin get kidnapped by Onyxia. Then he goes to Northrend, and is best remembered for losing his army, getting poisoned, horribly burned, then kidnapped and tortured for months, and before finally deciding to cosplay as the guy who tortured him. But, while he’s the ‘King of the Dead’, most of the Scourge doesn’t listen to him, and the Cult of the Damned don’t listen to him, and the Forsaken don’t listen to him. Sylvanas literally frees Val’kyr from his control so she can make her undead loyal to her, and Bovar don’t do shit. The scourge and the cult operate in regions of the world far from Northrend, but Bovar can’t make them stop. Oh, then most recently, during the Legion Invasion, he sends his Death Knights (who don’t actually have to listen to him, since he can’t control them like Arthus could) to attack allies of the living, like the Paladins at Lights Hope Chapel, and the Red Dragon Flight in Wyrmrest. Oh, and recruiting way better warriors to serve in his “Four Horsemen”, an idea he ripped off from Arthus. Dude has a near 0% win rate in all his collective appearances, and people where somehow surprised he got beaten handedly.
I misspelled it consistently at least.
Arthas won battles in Warcraft 3. Lots of 'em, and he did it at varying power-levels and with various artifacts. Won some before he got the sword, won some with the sword, won some as a DK, won a bunch as a very powerful DK, won some as a less powerful DK when Illidan was draining the power of Icecrown, etc. Bolvar exists to lose fights, which is why that's all he's ever depicted as doing. He's a lot like Garathos, another leader of the Alliance who wasn't particularly notable, someone who most likely got their job because humanity suffered a ton of casualties in the Third War, and performs at that level.
I don't think I am. Arthas had that dope ass rune sword called Frostmorne, which made him a lot stronger. When he died, and the sword was broken by Tirion, whoever became the Lich King was going to be weaker. That's why, despite the fact Bolvar 'came to power' literal minutes after we killed the Lich King, Sylvanas was able to steal the val'kyr from him in Cataclysm. That's in the book *Edge of Night*. That's also why he never sends the Scourge in Plaguelands, or Strath, or Scholo, or other places, back to Northrend. This isn't because he doesn't want to, that was his whole reason for taking the job, but because he can't. He lacks the control of his predecessor. Maybe he thinks he's as strong as Arthas was, and in his mind is just waiting for the right moment to reassert control, but he never, at any point, in any medium, does anything to back up his assertions, and he gets the shit kicked out of him afterwards. I'll guess we'll see if this newest incarnation of the character can make good on his promises of global control over the dead, but I wouldn't hold my breath, especially now that his hat that specifically allowed for control over the undead at long distances was destroyed.
I can tell you right now how it'd be worse. By removing the ability to kick shithead from your group, the shitheads gain 100% of the power. Lets say we group together and I don't like your name, or trasmog, or class, or whatever, and I decide to just start trolling. Currently you and the rest can kick me, but under your proposed system, no matter what you do, I'm still in your group, being a dickhead to amuse myself and piss you off. Now you and everyone else has either wait for me to get bored and leave, or leave the group yourselves, because you lack the ability to remove one asshat intentionally fucking everything up for everyone else. Oh, and then, once you leave, I can just let it refill, and fuck over a new set of people, or if I get bored, finish the run with the new players, with them none the wiser as to what led to their invitation. Sure, it's possible that if I do this, I might get in trouble in the future (though I've played WoW long enough to know that unless I downloaded and used 3rd party software, odds are I'm not going to get a long term ban) but that sure as shit doesn't help improve your runs in the short term.
I broke Fallout 3 by looting every weapon I came across and storing them in Ten Penny Tower until it could no longer load. I reloaded an old save, then moved the entire collection outside to the guard locker. The area around Ten Penny would take minutes to load, but it would and I never returned to the inside of the tower again. But yeah, for every time my game crashed and left me irately re-clearing, there's way more times when I just fell off a nearby cliff or stepped on a mine or got hit by a nuke or didn't see a nearby giant, etc.
I agree, the lack of Greenskins in the Vortex map is a problem for him, and for Repanse, since you can carve up the entire continent you start on and still be decently far from the chivalry goal. Doesn't destroy the campaign, but it leaves it a lot like the wood elves, with little to do but sit around and upgrade your settlement till you're ready for the final battle.
New 52 Lobo showed up in an issue of a *Green Lantern* book, trapped in a Braniac bottle. They don't free him, they just leave him there.
So Books 1-4 are amazing. The first 3 are a good stories on their own, they progress logically, and they end in a nice bow. Book 4 is a flashback book, but a very entertaining one, and one of Joker's 2 appearances in rebirth before the new one that's going on now. Book 5 is really fun, the Batman/Catwomen stuff is probably at its best in this one. Lots of weird stuff happens in 6 and 7. There's a mystical realm with an ancient guardian, the world briefly gets taken over, Booster Gold fucks up the timeline, and the Joker shows up. Book 8 is meh, an interesting idea for a story, but not super exciting in execution. Book 9 is short in terms of story advancement (has just 3 issues of the main story, along with an annual and a secret files) but important, as it clarifies the through-line through the whole story. Book 10 is bad. Books 11, and 12 were all pretty good, and the issues that will likely make #13 were as well.
Yes, I've never played or installed Warhammer 1, and I've played a lot of Mortal Empires.
Yeah, and Arthas. Not my best work.
Fuck you Peter Avalon, you look like Ruby Riott and it bothers me.
Nah, he’s right. Mongul destroys Coast City, which makes Hal, who lives there, sad, especially cause his parents and friends and supporting characters all got killed. So after he beats Mongul, Hal recreates the city using his ring, but he can’t maintain it for long. The Guardians don’t like this, so they recall him to OA. This makes Hal mad, so kills everyone (pretty much) eats the battery, and becomes Parallax.
I was wondering why I knew the name Molyneux, it’s not a common one in America. He’s right, it was because of Fable, not this guy.
Yes, and all the comments pointed it out too.
In *War of Jokes and Riddles* Joker takes over Falcone’s operation, with the intent of using it to kill Riddler. After breaking into Falcone’s house, killing his guards, shooting Falcone in the shoulder, and revealing he’d done something terrible to his mother, Joker removes Carmine from command puts Penguin in charge of the operation. When the ‘war’ ends Penguin picks up the ashes. In Batman Eternal, you apparently do see Falcone v. Penguin, but I don’t know when that’s set.
Sure, but you’re ultimately still just waiting on Blizzard to do for you what you can currently do for yourself.
Lol, their leader is unironically cosplaying as sauron.
I'd like to point out Ruby Riott's last win was February 11 of 2019, and before that it was October 22nd of 2018. So she's currently on a 16 month loosing streak, and has won 2 of her last 30 matches. There's a word in wrestling for people who go whole years without wins and lose 15x more than they win.
Injury might be why she ain’t competed recently, but it ain’t why she lost 28 of her last 30 matches. She loses all the time because her and her friends were (and those that remain employed still are) jobbers. Sure, they’re jobbers that got on TV plenty, and it helped viewers like you become invested in their character when they job, but they’re jobbers, and when they’re on tv, it’s to set up a match they’re gonna lose.
Well, if she stops losing 15x more than she wins, I’ll reconsider my opinion of her. But the Riott Squad has only ever existed for a singular reason, and that’s to lose to whichever woman’s getting pushed. So don’t be shocked if Natty wins that feud handedly.
Nah, Shadow Priests suck till you get gear. Like really bad. But then they’re good.
Cat-Man.
Yeah, I'm not entirely sure how he did it, but something inside of that tea is clearly on fire, as the tea is visibly smoking in all 3 scenes. The plume of smoke isn't really moving either, which is, weird, to say the least. Maybe it's Kryptonian Earl Grey?
Oh hey Nightshade, been a minute since I last saw you. I always thought Black Adam would beat you in a fight, I guess now I know.
That's about the height/weight of famed professional fighter Chuck Liddell. Brock Lesnar is the same height, but has 60 pounds on him. Anderson Silva is an inch shorter, and 30 pounds lighter.
There's two series, *Green Lantern* and *Green Lantern Corps*, that spawned from *Green Lantern: Rebirth* and continue the story into *Sinestro Corps War* and beyond. The events of Sinestro Corps War start with *Green Lantern* #21 and *Green Lantern Corps* #14, so all the stuff in those two books up till that point is probably what you're missing. Otherwise, maybe *Infinite Crisis*? I know Kyle plays a notable roll in the *Rann-Thanagar War* tie in, and the Green Lantern Corps as a whole plays a big roll in the final issue of *Infinite Crisis*.
~~ROCK AND STONE!~~ INTO THE BOOK~
