There sure were a lot of annexes back in the day!
HELLO, IS IT PEE YOU'RE LOOKING FOR
The puppy fat is gone.
Given hpw many Chinese tourists come here it's good to announce things in the language that many at the airport will understand.
When I was in Amsterdam their English was so good they corrected mine.
No, some guy who knows more than everyone else assures us it is war.
Probably happened when they had to move the whole down town the road because of all the garbage.
Ice bar is pretty chill
Damn...just short this time!
I also get reemed by 98 octane prices.
This seems like only an American thing. No one bats an eyelid here in Australia.
I was taught abstinence...especially from shoulder clitorises.
Just order a drink that looks like an alcoholic drink, like a tonic &amp; lime.
I just said both out loud and they sound exactly the same to me...fuck
Also over where the fires are today.
You need a sustained downpour to put a massive dent in fires this big. Something like 200mm over a few days, rather than the likely 20mm or so.
Malls (or shopping centres as we call them) are getting really popular here in Australia for this very reason.
Looking forward to /r/VRelationshipAdvice in future
The buses get worse and worse over January as more and more people return to work after taking holidays.
They are...I went to a different train line.
Brisbane has the best weather in winter though.
Cats.
I'd like to subscribe to your octopus facts newsletter.
Depends on your situation. If you a single and living in a share house you can live quite comfortably on that income. If you are a single income family with kids you will struggle and would be relying on government assistance (e.g. family tax benefits)
Ranatunga could have ran two
Can anyone give a description of what's in that link?
If someone important called him out he probably would.
Iran told them?
Because they fucked up. How could the US have shot down that plane?
Yep. Using your phone will driving is dangerous and people need to be made accountable for their actions.
This is a separate discussion.
What's the story behind the taxis?
Also the grammar is wrong.
Mmm steak
In Myki credit only too
Damn, thought it was Abkhazia
Abs offered two alternative companies to do it on time for the same cost. What else was he supposed to do?
Nah it's gonna be warm
14 - 16 years old and already fucking up their lives.
Holy shit it's really bad out there
I'm literally choking on all this shit posting.
No need to smoke cigarettes you can just stand outside and fuck your lungs up just the same.
That's a lot of cigarettes.
EVERYBODY DANCE NOW
1/3rd of those are probably us VPN users from this subreddit lol
They had Halloween on the show in the last episode (or the one before?), and today they had the rain from November 3rd in Tokyo. I know it was November 3rd because it rained quite hard that day and didn't rain again in Tokyo like that for ~3 weeks.
Seina and Ma-kun all over again.
*smoke haze
I used to do the puzzles on the train which was a good work out for the brain. Now I just use Reddit which can't be good for improving my brain power!
There's a lot more to come. We will cop it pretty bad tbh.
My mask literally turns water to wine.
Thats the first lot mate.
Metro: You're 30 minutes late and you've cancelled this interview 4 times and changed the location twice...you'll fit right in here.
Sky high?
The lovable cunt.
:(
Got pissed off when I jumped in for a large amount at the 'highs' in 2015...laughing now. (especially as VTS has DOUBLED in that time).
In a very safe upper middle class suburb too.
Same in Melbourne Australia...except our weather is nothing like that.
That means something completely different in Australia.
Poker machines. It's a form of gambling
Zamp0wned
No
And somehow he'd keep tarantino to a box office of only 40 million from 10 cinemas
India jeetega I'm going to bed bhenchods
The coffee in Italy is consistently good everywhere you go, even at people's houses. We have better variety in our coffees. A short black could taste 10 different ways here whilst in Italy it tastes almost the same everywhere.
In Australia we just say "you comin', or?"
Only if the particles get inside your house, and then in your wardrobe/cupboards.
It certainly can be. But once you find the places you like it's coffee heaven!
Because it's expensive to get to and from there.
Property it is then. Brb off to the bank.
What are you hoping to achieve through trading?
If you get a job it'll help. I heard the weather is nice in Philadelphia
Are you happy to lose all of it and potentially more?
I'm not going to steal a house. I'm just going to lie to the bank about my income so I can over capitalise and have tax payers bail me out when things go wrong.
I guess we just take being able to breathe for granted...
That's equivalent to 16404.11262 fathoms.
That looks like the right angle to take.
They were some of the worst buildings we've ever had.
He embarrassed himself on Joe Rogan's podcast.
Teenage Iutant Sninja Murtles?
T
You'll want to drive on the great ocean road on the way there as that will give you the best views given that we drive on the left side of the road.
It's a tourist trap but still worth it if you have the time. It's just a fair bit out the way from everything else. Also it'll be freezing af there in winter.
The only Japanese dish I've ever had that was heavily dairy based was this one (it's delicious) https://www.thespruceeats.com/japanese-cream-stew-with-chicken-2030974
or shut brew
It's not like there's any Chinese people in the Vietnamese community...wait
I will tell my Cantonese friends that. There is no way they will be offended 😂😂😂
Swine Flu made it here though. A family member of mine had a severe case of it.
You can also put your coaster on top of your beer if you don't want any more.
It's here too. It's fine for us healthy adults but not fine for our young children or eldery parents/grandparents.
This advice applies at any age, not just in your 20s
He kinda is for the most part.
First day back after replacement buses all month. Good old metro never fails to disappoint.
They mentioned something in the news about this person attending a restaurant. Anyone know what it is?
I am attracted to property as an investment. Just not a single residential property in my capital city as it does not provide the diversification of the yield my portfolio desires.
They pay 30% up front on fully franked dividends and if their marginal tax rate is less than 30% they get the difference back. They would also pay 0% up front on unfranked dividends and pay tax at their marginal rate instead.
So it's time to crack open each other's heads and feast on the goo inside?
There's another shot? How long after the sandwich and nap does this occur?
They were handing out food vouchers to international students there recently
Crowds have been very busy on weekends. It's why they had to shit down places like the 1000 steps and the Redwood forest. People are bored and are looking for things to do.
Yep it takes awhile for the investigation to be undertaken before they can determine whether the source is known or not.
If you pay tax at 39% then you've saved $2,400 on the way in the first time, and another $2,400 the second time.
Derek Zoolander sure could learn a lot from you!
What did the 5 fingers say to the face?
How was the hike?
Depends on what is important to you then.
Well they weren't wrong about Frankston!
We're the only state that is really getting any community transmission at the moment, plus we have clusters that keep popping up. We're either unlucky or we missed a few cases early on.
In 1938 a plane from Adelaide overshot Essendon airport and crashed into Mount Dandenong killing all 18 people on board. There is a small memorial set up right near Burke's lookout. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1938_Kyeema_crash
It certainly seems like it given the location and timing of cases that are popping up. Might need to undertake some mass testing in the area to be honest.
With most states likely having seen the worst of things, and with restrictions easing resulting in people slowly getting back out again, I can certainly see why people are starting to feel more and more confident as time goes on. It's certainly showing in the share market as well.
Why do you think that?
There's always something going on in world politics/economics that creates uncertainty. I'll continue to take the long-term bullish approach and stick to my strategy through the good times and the bad :)
Next financial year i.e. July
Seems like there may be some in the Casey region too potentially.
Absolutely guarantee you that any protesters are not going to be standing at least 1.5m apart. Shouting also amplifies the viral load spread by someone if they have been infected by Covid-19.
It's already been posted many times before.
Fonger - a word that I made up
- when there are no letters left
&gt; The thing is we haven't had such levels of monetary and fiscal support from governments. The money printer is a very real thing. I can see a bit of a dip but not another crash unless there's a major war somewhere. There's definitely going to be more dips over time, but unless something changes the worst of this is already over.
Exactly.
$750 invested tax free is much better than $750 gross in the hand
Better let them out into society to infect people then ay
If it's an employee share scheme the first $1,000p.a. is tax free.
The best type of argument is one you can annoy your SO with
Pfft that's for old me to worry about /view of many young people.
Damn, get well soon Lauren :(
There is the spouse contribution tax offset available up to $540 for you to contribute up to $3,000 into your spouse's name.
That's what I do.
&gt; Nepalese food delivered to your door with 30 minutes notice. Well I know what I'm getting for dinner tonight. Anyway, back to the rate race!
We weren't testing as comprehensively as we should have in the early days and are making up for it now. I'm glad we expanded our testing regime, but damn were we lucky someone from Cedar meets presented to hospital with a workplace injury and we found the cluster there sooner than we otherwise would have.
Universities employ a lot of people, and the international students they attract are good for the economy. We want our universities to be competitive on the world stage so that not only can we keep our best and brightest here at home, we can attract some of the rest of the world's best and brightest people too to work and research at our universities. The problem was that universities OVER relied on international students, and now are facing big budget shortfalls without them.
&gt; Are they though? How many international students are bringing money into Australia, vs. how many are paying their way by earning money working while they're here? They need to pay full fees to the university (they are not eligible for HELP debts), then they pay for rent/living costs whilst studying here (they aren't eligible for Centrelink either). Many also work whilst here, and many stay in Australia and become productive members of society once their degrees finish. It's certainly a net benefit to the economy by having international students.
&gt; I am fully aware that they are not eligible for HELP or Centrelink... it was even in my original comment. My point was that they're not bringing money into Australia, they're bringing themselves here and earning the money to pay their way in Australia. On aggregate they are bringing money into the country, and contributing to the economy by working. &gt; Many subvert the local job market by working in excess of 20 hours per week and for cash in hand. Many are only doing a bullshit degree because it gives them extra points on a permanent residency application. It's not even about the education. Of course there are always going to be people that flaunt the rules, this doesn't mean that international students still do not have a net benefit economically.
&gt; we are not attracting some of the worlds best and brightest This part was moreso referring to the staff that are attracted by the prestige of the universities we have here. Whilst we don't have a Harvard or an MIT here, better universities will also of course attract better calibre students.
Whilst some were wearing masks, during the footage I saw there certainly wasn't a lot of social distancing going on. Thankfully the protest was held outside, and the level of virus in the community is very low.
We've had a pretty good run, and whilst things were already slowing down, was only really undone by extreme level of bushfires and the Covid-19 pandemic. That sort of thing is outside of anyone's control.
Where do you get that number from?
I doubt it'll be 4-6% too. JobKeeper, increased welfare payments, superannuation withdrawals and a small impact from Covid-19 than expected will moderate the loss during the current quarter. There's almost 0% chance we are not in a recession now though.
Brilliant!
Flights from overseas are much more likely to land in Sydney or Melbourne than other cities in Australia.
Brilliant news for NSW. Hopefully Victoria can get their act together and we can have no more cases of an unknown source across Australia!
It's all over the U.S. and there can't be much social distancing going on in prison!
Wow, that's awesome!
Initially they wanted to ensure that there was sufficient supply for healthcare workers. Now in most places community spread is so low (or non-existant) that they're probably not needed. Still think more people in Melbourne should be wearing them though.
Just goes to show you how much virus is actually out there in other places in the world.
If we had 53 cases every week that's 2,756 over a whole year. Still very low given our population of ~6.5m but hopefully we can start to see this drop (particularly the unknown source transmissions which is the most concerning!).
I've heard it from interstaters as well. We abbreviate everything but our city is amazing and deserved to be called by it's proper name
Imports and the dollar go down, balance of trade goes up.
Nice! I've been getting my beer on tap fix by buying growlers but nothing beats having a nice cold pint at the pub while waiting for this to blow over.
There isn't one. Just a bunch of idiots that could end up spreading a deadly disease during a pandemic.
Even after we have you our 20th best player too (I love him btw, just no space in our team)
Danny boy is a comedian who is at the comedy festival almost every year
I love winter mornings like this because you know it's going to be an absolutely ripping day!
I really should have worded that better. The 'type of person' (which could come from any walk of life) that would attend a large mass gathering during the middle of a pandemic was what I meant, rather than insinuating it was any particular class of people. Apologies for the confusion
Have we seen any student-student or student-teacher tranmissions yet?
If they got it from the school it would be transmission from a known source. There is a outbreak in the inner-north and west of Melbourne that is not under control, given the location there is the chance it could have been seeded by the Cedar Meats outbreak.
⊣ェጠ ᴝጠ×⊣ ⊣ᓓᗆ𝄩ᴝ ⊣o ᗆ⌐ᗆᴟጠ𝄩ᴝ ᗜጠᓀᗆᓓ⊣ᔕ ᓀ⌐ᗆ⊣╖oᓓᴟ 2 ᗆ⊣ 6.11ᗆᴟ
You would if your train was also sideways
I imagine the response from a typical metro commuter who has seen everything so far would be like this: https://i.imgur.com/GmDXyRq.png
Good. Fuck these selfish bastards.
Storm of 2017 would have won this by at least 31 with a bit of cooper cronk one point magic on the death
Oh my god there's another serial killer at the game tonight...oh wait that's pappy
What does the fox say? Ow ow ow ow ow ow ow
Ha
And at least half of Australian states and territories
Yeah but the earth moved like 25,000km through space during that time so it was all good.
Our first actual donut (we previously had a day with no net increase back in April)
There's a chance Australia as a whole could have our first donut for a long time too!
That's how to get an effective message across.
And even if you get it right you can still lose money if you get greedy and don't sell.
As someone living in Melbourne, you don't understand our situation. People should not have been out there today.
Even better is that one previous case was excluded
And at least a few hundred would more would be given non fatal shots that would require hospitalisation
Another great result. Really hoping yesterdays protest doesn't lead to a big set back
From the top of the market yes, but if you kept to your strategy you should be even or up FYTD
Yep it's called deemed disposal. The other option is to make an election to treat all of your CGT assets at 'taxable Australian property'. Which option is best depends on a number of different factors such as your current CGT position, the country you are moving to and if/when you plan on coming back.
I reckon this one is a false positive too. Doubt there's any community transmission going on in Bright
Could this mean it is still under investigation at this time?
https://i.imgur.com/Alhewi5.jpg
Yes, I've been saying all along people should not have gathered en masse with little social distancing during a global pandemic.
Fortunately community transmission is really low, but all it takes it one person to get on a train carriage whilst symptomatic to kick off another cluster of cases.
You're correct, infectious is a much more appropriate word :)
Exactly, which is why those who can work at home can't all jump back on public transport and commute to our CBD offices at this time.
Wow, that's brilliant.
Signed
Beau Maester for Stkilda would should be top of that leader board!
Ffs :(
Somehow I dont think there will be any issues in the NT
Please be an extra long Melbourne Cup weekend Please be an extra long Melbourne Cup weekend Please be an extra long Melbourne Cup weekend
Wait, why does the team known as the MCG get to play in the grand final every year?
Reply
The Tokyo Taishi
I've been following this since the very beginning. People were calling out the WHOs bullshit from the very beginning.
If there was that sure would have saved a few fights in my household!
Low numbers = good No known source so far for 75% of new cases = not good
Fantastic news!
Who robs cavefish of their sight?
HollyShima??
I was told there would be death by snu snu
What about me, I ate all the crusts on my sandwich. The first time was only this morning, but it's got to count for something right?
For those that do develop symptoms, they are most infectious around the time they first develop symptoms.
&gt; What I do find irritating about it is that it took a man being killed overseas to bring to light what is happening in Australia. I agree with you. But people shouldn't have been gathering en masse in the streets. We've all sacrificed so much to suppress the virus to the level that we have.
At least you can freely buy surgical masks or better here. Even the KN95 (Chinese standard) masks, whilst not all having at least 95% filtration will still be much better than cloth masks.
Or maybe if everyone did the right thing then the most vulnerable people could freely participate in society and not have to hide inside until there is a vaccine.
People from Cedar meats were going to work. It's also much easier to contract trace people in the same workplace than it is a bunch of people who came from all over the state to protest.
That's because it's only been 5 days...
Big difference between 10 people who broke social distancing to have a party than 10,000 people who broke social distancing restrictions.
I had no idea this spot existed. Looks like a nice spot based on google maps!
Tupas is as wholesome as they come, but I don't feel like Emika really had the feelings she purported to have for our boy Tupas.
New Zealand.
Righto
Tigers gonna tige
He should have waited 4-5 days
&gt; The protester who tested positive for COVID-19 after Melbourne’s weekend rally did not have the COVIDSafe app, Deputy Chief Health Officer Dr Annaliese van Diemen has revealed. I'm shocked...SHOCKED!
You can do direct debit or a payment from your bank account for free though.
It's free if you do it when you have logged into your online account with them.
&gt; He doesn't read the companies' accounts or consider key business metrics such as earnings per share. "I barely even look at the names to be honest...stonks4lyf"
I agree with the cause. I don't agree with the method as it was absolutely selfish to gather en masse during a pandemic.
Samsies, sometimes I do both at the same time
And arouses an arrogant asshole
Is it on the side of a building or is it an actual billboard?
Menulog is awesome in my area. I always order in advance and 15 mins earlier than I want and never have a problem getting my order on time. It's cheaper than ubereats too
Are you withdrawing and making the contributions to claim a deduction or receive another benefit like the co-contribution? I don't understand why you are both looking at taking money out...
Depends on where in the world you are. Life is getting closer and closer to normal in Australia
Umm that's not allowed
It went down due to gravity. Is that not enough? Lol
It's where the flights go though
Yeah but we don't want to holiday there /s
How are you guys not getting returned travellers in quarantine like Australia is though. There was 6 alone in Melbourne yesterday
Walked away from the game to go and ~~yell at my kids~~ support my wife...wtf happened?
Ffs
He did too
It goes under investigation until they either can or cannot figure out the linkage to known cases
Tbh plenty of places in the world have bars with table service only. I prefer it when in a smaller group
Some people are cunts.
ah, fuck.
&gt; 1 new case is a protestor from BLM protest. &gt; “For this individual the onset of their illness is a little bit unclear but was wearing personal protective equipment and took a great deal of care in keeping distance from others.” I'm glad they wore PPE but jesus christ this is why we were telling people that it wasn't appropriate to hold a mass gathering at this time.
Thanks for your detailed updates every day. Sent some gold your way as a sign of appreciation :)
Then there is the time for the person to go 'hmm, better get tested', then time for them to actually get the results.
&gt; If I drive drunk but don’t injure anyone, does that mean driving drunk is ok? That's a good point. It's like saying 'I drove drunk, but I wore my seatbelt and kept to the speed limit so it was ok'
Sucks bucks o chups
It's fantastic to hear, just wish we were a little faster off the mark though.
Thanks for the heads up. Looks like cases are popping up everywhere
Weather doesn't seem to have much of an impact.
No one is perfect but governments around Australia have been taking this very seriously, and thus have kept our case level under control so far.
Use whichever will provide you with the best outcome financially.
Jesus, there's a reasonable chance that you actually did catch Covid-19 given you prolonged close proximity to people who likely caught it off a confirmed case. Thankfully you did the right thing and self-quarantined for a cautiously long period of time!
It was a pretty cool double rainbow tbh
Cause they can 'do better than super' /s
Cowardly fucks
Or in his case a quadruple
For every one top corner save there were three brain farts that cost us goals.
For me it's just common sense, but could you imagine trying to force quarantine on Americans?
Wow haven't heard that song in a long time
In fact I'd argue it was worse when I was growing up in the 90s
That 100 year old wrinkly bugger was getting more than 99% of Reddit combined
I do get it. The ATO has said they will be looking out for this sort of tactic
Best of luck mate, you can do it!
That's really cool and quite original for a tattoo
I learnt everything I need to do from /r/asx_bets Sent from my iphone 20 via the think to text function in my Lambo
The good thing is that people are testing themselves/their children at any the smallest sign of symptoms so they aren't putting too many others at risk. I still haven't heard any stories of children to children infection at a school or childcare yet? A childcare educator is concerning though as they have very close contact with the kids in their room all day, so perhaps we might see an educator to child transfer from this case.
I can never lodge my tax return until at least August as I simply don't get all the information until then :(
(.... and only 3 of which are from an unknown source)
Your post title is certainly less heart attack inducing that the other one. I first saw the results in a tweet this morning and I nearly fell off my chair!
This is a different hotel, but it is another one housing returned travellers.
Are the flights from India and Bangladesh all landing in Melbourne or something?
Just wondering if you could provide an insight into what sorts of precautions are being taken to ensure that passengers don't infect each other and the people involved in the transportation (such as yourself) between the airport and hotels?
No way are they getting a tip from me.
Cooking your own food is great but sometimes I just want to smash a greasy pizza and some garlic bread
Yep, no issues in investing in a geared share fund.
The only good places in SA are the Maclaren Vale and Barossa Valley wine regions (they are absolutely world class).
Honestly, that's really sad :(
Australia has designated hotels for 14 day mandatory quarantines for anyone arriving from overseas. There is no cost as the benefits outweigh the costs (15 people in quarantine yesterday were confirmed to be infected with Covid-19 in my city alone).
I'm dying to go there
SA: kick a Vic VIC: sorry, who are you guys again?
I've been spending way too much on the in game purchases of masks and sanitiser
This is unfortunately 100% accurate
I can imagine German reality shows have drama scenes with girls saying things like: Damn girl you got a backpfeifengesicht, das ist nicht gut!
0% chance they would have even been allowed to wear a mask at work anyway.
It's not even been 2 weeks yet. It takes time for this thing to spread and for people to get tested then get their results.
&gt; It's highly likely that we've already seen the majority of the impact of the BLM protest, and it's tiny. Only if everyone self-isolated. Unfortunately people did things like go to work when showing symptoms. The people they interacted with and potentially infected then start their incubation period at a later time. Those people could then potentially infect others and so on and so forth.
Imagine people being sensible enough to think of others and not only themselves.
Ok.
Ok.
But I'm not?
On second thought no sane person who thought they saw a funnel web would be able to get that close to take a photo, nor would a funnel web stay that still for a photo.
It doesn't actually work though
The korean ones are much more likely to be legitimate than the Chinese ones. Do not buy KN95 masks if you want reliability. Better yet just buy P2 masks from reputable companies if you can get them
Maybe don't blame the low wage supermarket worker on this one
Getting infected through your eyes is incredibly rare. The best forma of defense are washing your hands regularly and social distancing. Good masks will just bolster your defense even better (and reduce the spread to others)
I'm going to have a few beers somewhere next week with a mate where we can sit outside. Would love to go to a restaurant again but won't be until community transmission is under control
How many chidcare centres...just the one?
Jesus, it's really out there in the community
Fuck this is not good.
Literally 2 weeks to the day
Omfg what absolute fucking numbskulls.
The factional right must have moved further left then. He is not even close to being a centrist
H&amp;m at Northland?
Same with the baby bonus we used to give!
That's concerning
Businesses gonna business.
I am, but not in this instance
Pretty much yeah
Families visiting each other which then starts a spread in different local communities. One family alone has already had 9 different households with at least 1 infected person!
I wonder if they ask all of the pupils in classrooms with an infected person to all get tested?
Families travelled all around Melbourne to visit relos and this is the result
Just say 'sorry, we're in the middle of a pandemic'
nice
Outbreaks would be much harder to control. Victoria is at a turning point where things could start to get beyond control...we shouldn't recklessly foist our problems on other states.
Advice at a federal level is absolutely correct. If community transmission ever got out of control in Victoria there are different recommendations that can be made.
&gt; A link has been found between the Stamford Plaza outbreak and the south-eastern suburbs family outbreak previously reported, with an adult member of the family having worked as a security contractor at the Stamford Plaza hotel. Looks like we know how it started then?
Perhaps citizens coming home from around the world?
Would love for my life to go back to normal. It fucking sucks that we have a deadly virus that is not fully under control where I live!
A number of different factors have now gone into what is likely a second wave
There hasn't been clusters that have started and taken off in any schools yet. I'm sure it is being closely watched though
A combination of persistent low level of virus in the community, plus outbreaks from two different quarantine hotels has let the virus spread in the community again now that restrictions have been eased a bit.
DON'T MUZZLE ME BRO
&gt; Official advice is that people who have even the mildest symptoms stay at home, and those who do present for testing return home immediately and await their test results. Ok but first I just need to walk into these 12 stores and not buy anything before going home.
&gt;Chief Medical Officer: Black Lives Matter protests set 'a bad example' for gatherings &gt; Outgoing Chief Medical Officer Dr Murphy has said large Black Lives Matter rallies in recent weeks could be to blame for more complacency in the community around COVID-19, leading to an increase in cases - especially in Victoria. &gt;"We don't think the protest gatherings were directly responsible," he told ABC Radio National on Monday morning. &gt;Dr Murphy said the biggest concern out of the protests was that they, "set a bad example for others" and may have contributed to people gathering in larger numbers. &gt; "But we don't know that for sure," he said. &gt;Dr Murphy also said the reason Melbourne was emerging as the coronavirus capital of the country was due to community spread. &gt;"The reason it's a problem in Melbourne is there is that low lying community transmission levels," he said. &gt; Dr Murphy also noted what he called a "disturbing issue" of people had tested positive, or were direct contacts of people who had tested positive, "not maintaining isolation or quarantine". &gt;The Andrews Government over the weekend announced a new $1500 payment for those who test positive to coronavirus to disincentivise people in insecure work without sick leave to go to work while unwell. &gt; "I am confident that Victoria is going to get on top of this," Dr Murphy said. "They have a huge army of contact tracers and they will step up testing". An update from the Commonwealth CMO.
I listened to his press conference yesterday. He was basically saying that if you do all the other measures then masks are not necessary at this time due to the very low level of community transmission. That certainly is relevant if you are looking at the population as a whole, but if you are looking at things from the perspective of reducing your own risks then mask wearing will certainly help reduce risks further.
I still haven't seen any student to student or teacher to student transmission at any schools yet. I would only take action if things got really bad, but I feel like the premier would also take action at about the same time anyway.
It's automatic and it's based on individual balances rather than the combined SMSF balance.
Vic press conference coming at 11.30am with today's total numbers. I'll be interested to hear the rhetoric from the CHO and Health Minister this morning.
The 12 includes cases from previous days that weren't able to be linked to previous cases.
I missed the start of the press conference but the maximum could only be 6 because at least 1 person was a teacher linked to another infected teacher at a school.
Interesting to note that the CMO will come up with details on specific situations and types of masks to be worn in certain situations (when other social distancing measures can't be adhered to).
didn't happen in other states though.
There's going to be something like 1000 close contacts that need to be tested. Guessing we'll see quite a few cases come from this testing.
No, but you should reconsider your need to travel particularly if you are from a local government area that is experiencing heightened community transmission.
The interactions with the staff member would be fleeting, unless a customer got basically coughed/sneezed on there is unlikely to be enough viral load to infect customers. Staff spend a lot of time around each other and therefore are much more likely to be infected!
All that rind goes straight to the waist!
*doesn't stay home when living in Covid-19 hotspot* *gets Covid-198* *surprised pikachu face*
Ideally we would have both, with a vaccine being preferable. Even if the Oxford vaccine is successful it will still be awhile before your average Australian can get it.
Look what just happened in NZ with ineffective quarantine too. We are definitely taking one for the team, then our bad luck turned into a worse situation through a few people doing the wrong thing.
We drop out and Cameron Smith posts on Facebook that he wants to play in the grand final and the league just makes it happen.
That's still not a retirement plan
If I lived in Florida I'd have to walk around in my undies all year round otherwise I'd sweat to death.
Go on....
Well it's not, so...
Like a laundry?
&gt; It seemed to me the aspendale teacher announcement yesterday was the first example of teacher to teacher transmission at school in Victoria, happy to be corrected if wrong. Do you mean Albanvale?
Road toll is about the same as last year apparently.
We have some ripping craft beer these days too. I love it
18 schools/childcare centres within 2 weeks with infected students/teachers. Thank god for the school holidays at the end of this week!
Cinemas is definitely a problem, as being in the same room as an infected person (even if practicing social distancing) for 2+ hours gives you a high likelihood of receiving enough viral load to become infected.
There is unfortunately a massive backlog. The good news is that positive cases are (usually) prioritised so the longer it takes the less likely it is that you're positive!
Once testing is completed they prioritise telling people their results if they believe them to be positive over telling people their results when they have tested negative.
People unfortunately can't understand exponential growth.
The public is told of the positive case in the next update, and it will be classified a number of different ways based on the information that they have at the time (e.g. under investigation, from contact with a known source etc)
Be interesting to see where we are by the end of the week. It's not looking good at this stage though!
You **can** have 5 people over to your home at any one time, but it doesn't mean you **should** have 5 people come and visit you every day.
Thanks mate, always love your data analysis!
I certainly hope we can get on top of things and that it doesn't lead to another lockdown.
&gt; I said we have to live with this virus being amongst us forever, hence once we have this at manageable levels we should be opened up. Just wondering what you consider as 'manageable levels'? The government here in Victoria is getting quite concerned about the current levels of community transmission.
https://twitter.com/heidimur/status/1275267047283281922 Police knocked on 174 doors yesterday, and 13 people who were supposed to be self-isolating weren't. It was the same bloody thing with returned travellers who were supposed to be self-isolating.
Most from yesterday would still be under investigation, so they'll add to the numbers in the next few days unless links can be found.
That's horrible news :(
Let's hope it doesn't turn logarithmic!
Already saw people walking out of the local supermarket with more toilet paper than usual when I was going for a walk today. I'm not even in a hot spot area.
We've had two separate outbreaks from quarantine hotels, and they have both happened after restrictions have been eased. It's likely that one of the hotel outbreaks caused the Keilor Downs family outbreak, which has potentially caused community spread in that region.
The most concerning stat is transmission from an unknown source. By that statistic we're already in our second wave.
People are just panicking again. I've never panic bought, but since January have always kept enough food for at least 2 weeks for the family in case we get told to self isolate. Even at the height of panic buying I was always able to source everything I needed though.
I don't think anyone has ever looked at me twice for wearing a mask. In my area mask wearing has always been a thing though.
What type of mask are you looking for?
There will be plenty of people that don't care and still go anyway. Look at how many people were jet setting off overseas or getting on cruises before they were finally not allowed to go.
You can still find them online, just the 3M brand ones are harder to come by. Be extra careful with KN95 masks as there unfortunately is quite a few counterfeit ones out there. You couldn't even guarantee that ones from Bunnings/Chemist Warehouse would be 100% reliable. KF94 are the Korean brand ones, you'll be able to find legitimate ones of these if you can't find P2/N95 masks.
sithi umm im gonna yarn ya
or whether you prefer parmas or that weird disgusting pie floater thing.
Are people not using the covid safe app or is it not working?
Not in a hot spot, but masks have definitely come back out again. Parents picking up their kids are still standing around in groups chatting and not properly social distancing.
Seems like our contract tracing is either getting overwhelmed or is not casting a wide enough net.
...yet
Just waiting for the numbers to be updated but almost certain this is the case :(
If you are wearing a P2 or better mask (and have it fitted correctly) it will absolutely reduce your risk of receiving enough viral load to become infected.
since when has /r/australia agreed with anything the LNP has done :P
Adele the singer has an aide that is very knowledgeable on this topic.
They must be basing things on their particular age group.
To buy things without using their own money?
So many people are getting infected from unknown sources. The app hasn't picked up any infection sources that traditional contact tracing hasn't been able to
Yes they are working, got to start somewhere.
All we had to do was follow the damn buying limits CJ P.s. if this is your creation you should post it on /r/Melbourne as well.
All we had to do was follow the damn buying limits CJ
The entrance to the cinemas was on the left side of the street pretty much opposite the TimeZone. Cinemas were on the second level. When you came up the escalator you would face the candy bar, ticket booth/video games were on the left, entrance to the cinemas was on the right. I think at one stage you used to be able to walk through to a food court on the bottom level where the escalators were.
Would rather be locked down in Melbourne than have complete freedom in Queenstown!
A surge in cases with no known transmission source would certainly be cause for alarm though.
Not good!
The weather won't help too much is there's significant community spread.
Anyone have a link, or know what channel is might be on? edit: thanks guys Also will be on 3AW
The virus is still out there in the community in NSW and unfortunately could easily take off again at any moment.
50% of the population in hotspot suburbs going to be tested? Two suburbs...not clear what they are
Thanks!
Reposting this from the other thread for anyone that missed it. Here are the 10 suburbs that will have 50% of people tested: Keilor Downs Broadmeadows Maidstone Albanvale Sunshine West Pakenham Hallam Fawkner Brunswick West Reservoir
Brett Sutton just said they are literally throwing everything at this
Results are taking a few days to come back given the volume of testing, so expectations are that daily cases will continue to increase over the coming weeks.
Yep, definitely not the time to play politics!
The state borders will start to come down before we get a vaccine (if we do get one)
probably just an opium den and you're good to go!
He just wanted to see how many different types of animals that want to kill us that humans will co-habitat with.
Back when the Langham was still the Sheraton.
&gt; They’re just calling the behaviour for what it is - racist and bigoted. They're calling the behaviour for what it is...STUPID. The rule was no more than 5 people visiting a household at one time and they broke the rules and caused the virus to spread. The virus doesn't care whether you're black, white, gay, straight, a leftie or a bigoted racist. It spreads through close contact with infected people.
Cluster was announced on June the 14th but the gathering was at the end of Eid which was before May the 25th.
Brilliant, I tried to make a map like that today but i found it too difficult on google maps!
To quote team America: "Freedom isn't free"
You did the right thing by sending him home, but I'm wondering if he was also told to self-isolate at the time too?
The type of person that would take a holiday to a coronavirus hotspot is probably not the type of person who isn't going to be strict about their self-isolation unfortunately.
I think it's due to a revised request?
It definitely does. Southbank has changed a lot over the years
Lmao, great use of the meme
OK but they'll be thoroughly cleaned before use
Who was she actually singing about?
Wouldn't surprise me at all given the way the year has gone
But i wanted a peanut
Ibola? Is that the computer version?
It's at such a low level that hopefully NSW can stay on top of things
I don't think it's that guys religion that's the problem!
Wtf, this will literally result in people dying
Wonder why we aren't getting these false positives in WA, SA, NT and QLD though?
"IT'S JUST LIKE ANY OTHER VIRUS"
Good donner kebabs though
Or just ensure that they are checked on a regular basis to ensure that they are staying in isolation.
30 new cases, 7 linked, 5 hotel quarantine, 5 routine testing and the rest under investigation is sounds like?
Under investigation means they don't have enough information to classify where the infection came from yet.
The deputy CMO doesn't seem very confident in her answers today
Yep, just confirming that your answer is correct.
He/you should call them. My friend got tested yesterday afternoon and had his negative result in a text this morning
Would you rather trace and isolate the source, or have people out there not knowing they are infected and then potentially infecting others?
I was really surprised by that. Needs to be 100%, no exceptions.
It makes a massive difference to everyone. 30 cases from known sources (many of whom would already be in isolation and not out infecting the community) is much less concerning than 30 individuals being infected from unknown sources. The latter has a much bigger chance of the virus getting out of control and infecting thousands more people in the community.
I never realised how much I miss Bunnings snags until now
I really hope they don't have the sort of community transmission we have in certain areas, but if it ever does pick up there again they shouldn't expect too much sympathy from us.
&gt; I feel bad for you. No, we feel bad for you.
There should be absolutely no reason not to get tested when you are in quarantine. This needs to be fixed ASAP!
I love how we can forcibly quarantine people in a small room for 2 weeks but we can't stick a bloody cotton swab up their nose to test them for an incredibly infection and deadly disease before they leave. So not only have we had staff at quarantine hotels not following processes (causing infections), it's not even mandatory to test people.
usually the kids are infected by adults in VIC first though
For me this is the most NSFW subreddit right now on the entire site
He'll be shit though
Someone tackled him?
Where was the penalty try then
Yes, but what does the fox say?
Rightio then
Hopefully they will be able to have them this year. I used to love them as a kid, now my kids love them.
It's fucked, 30% is way too high and has probably resulted in infected people being let out into the community.
Yes it should be mandatory unless there is a medical reason why you can't get it.
I'm absolutely fuming tbh!
Now it's 2.38 and no sign yet lol
The longer it takes to get out the worse the government looks
The ghost of Ben Dixon will come back a few times this season though
8 probably reclassified then?
Rather than make it compulsory they should just 'strongly encourage' mask usage on public transport
That person taking a photo by the fence, it's so cold they're frozen in place now
Whether or not they should be 'mandated', just strongly encourage them so they become the norm.
The exact same way other countries have done it.
3aw has said 3 more schools closing for a deep clean. Luckily it's school holidays. I don't want a return to remote schooling but if that's what we need to do to get on top of this then we might have to :(
lmao
East Richmond opened in 1860 which is the same total number of passengers they get per decade.
holy fucking shit. I really don't want to go into lockdown, but action needs to be taken NOW
Yeah, let's kill lots of people like Sweden...
I wish we could get this virus to a level other states have so it wouldn't be an issue. Unfortunately we're not in this position so we need to do whatever we can do stop the spread.
Prep - grade 2 and years 11 and 12 went back about 4 weeks earlier. Think there was schools that had to close down in the first week as well.
The positive rate was like 2-3% on some days, it's much lower now but it's had plenty of chance to spread undetected
At the current rate even linear growth is not manageable. We need it to start flattenning then reducing as soon as possible!
That's scary. We really need to start acting now.
The families that got together did so before the restrictions were eased.
And more people being admitted to hospital, and then ultimately some people dying.
The premier can be blamed for letting the virus get out of control too.
And once we cross that threshold it's unfortunately time for more restrictions on our movements.
We're expecting higher numbers, but growing this fast this quickly is cause for concern.
confucius is believed to have said something like this
Nah it is *everyone except me and my circle of family and friends*
You can bet on absolutely anything these days, including the weather
I like finance. FINANCE was taken so I picked the closest name possible. I could also be called Nance and like F1.
/r/Melbourne is still removing any coronavirus related posts because of their often outdated megathread.
&gt; Would I have to isolate / not work in the meantime? You are only required to do so if you have symptoms or were the close contact of a confirmed case
Would you suggest letting things continue to get out of control?
How's Sweden going with their herd immunity?
I can't see any successful examples of herd immunity. I see lots of people getting hospitalised and dying though. The rest of Australia has this under control and is slowly getting back to normal. . Victoria needs to step up and bring this back under control
We're going to have our biggest day ever soon. If we want to get this under control we have to act fast
That's not true...the weather was nice enough for about 28 minutes yesterday afternoon
What happened to Doona Dan? I never even understood that one
2 weeks ago this would have been horrifying news...now it's almost good news.
hotspots first
Anyone can get a test and plenty still are. Most of the positives are in the hot spot areas though.
Masks also stop those assholes from coughing everywhere without covering their mouths.
I'm happy for the rest of Australia. Once we get it under control we can then all at least travel domestically.
/u/flyingmoo was right!
outbreak is mostly as a result of hotel quarantine
They always do things in stages.
Quarantine protocols weren't strictly followed, then some of these infected people attended large family gatherings (some outside the restrictions at the time too). This included people who already knew they had the virus. Unbelievable.
Booze buses don't check everyone, they wave some people through.
That's probably a wise move
probably 0.
&gt; You'll be safe driving through these suburbs Just keep your doors locked and don't stop, even for red lights. This is my advice for these areas regardless of whether we are in a pandemic or not.
Some families broke the rules and had mass gatherings before they were allowed though.
They need to be monitored though otherwise they probably won't follow the rules
Definitely had to read that one twice
Old school English makes me so gay
The bond ends up back in the hands of the beneficiaries of their estates. Most people are not paying the high means tested fees, most people don't stay in there for very long periods of time and if they did they would hit the lifetime limits anyway. The system needs a big overhaul, but it certainly isn't leaving the kids with no inheritances.
If you use DRP make sure you keep good records for tax purposes. If you hold a vanguard fund for 20 years you might have 80+ separate parcels for CGT purposes.
