If Community still had new seasons (or that damn movie already!) then I bet something similar would happen. You can arguably trace this phenomenon directly to the continuations of the manga here in HxH
Is that the season Troy left?
I really like the idea of the Ferno stuff. Really cool take on flames and the metaphorical link to a zombie apocalypse. Plus it reminds me of some of my favorite game modes from Timesplitters 2. Love seeing Farin use everything in her possession to fight a big battle with the Manorians. Also like seeing the Manorians in action, too, combat wise.
Wow, thank you!
&gt; Extra plot armor for Candy and Jaune Right, so they die next chapter then. &gt;It all just felt like it built up to something more than a cliffhanger, like a tied-in plot point was missing from the piece I'm actually very intrigued that it was apparent. It's cool how things like that can be discernible from the writing without someone planning it that way. Very cool, actually. &gt;Oh well, next chapter it is. And it shouldn't be nearly as long, either. &gt;I must be a fast reader, I happened to catch the chapter soon after it was posted and it took me approximately 2 days to complete, with an estimate of no more than 2 hours of reading in total. Oh wow, I might have completely misjudged the read time. &gt;I don't know, I was pretty sucked in with this chapter and it took two or three reading sessions, maybe time just flew by cause it was so engaging. Well, if that's true, it makes my month :3 Thank you. &gt;I did have to revisit the older chapters recently to brush up on the details of their situations. This chapter I kind of tried to recap little things here and there, and I'm going to keep that up for the next couple of chapters just to keep everything fresh. Unless I forget haha. &gt;Holy shit, Elaine's finally gonna do something of significa- &gt; &gt;.. &gt; &gt;No? Oh, ok then. Haha, she'll have her time. Did you like how I used her to critique the OC story itself? I thought it might be fun to , since she was already pretty vocally critical of what she had seen on her trip, then have her wind up criticizing me in the process. I can't say how far the story is now, but it is definitely more than half way now, and I think close to 2/3s at this point, if not a little more. Tough to say for sure, and I always judge it wrong, with some things taking much longer than I expected, like in this chapter. I doubt it is about 3/4s done, though. So there's still a stretch left to go, but you can expect it to be loaded with some... well, I won't want to ruin the surprise... hehehe :3
Oh, the season *before* Troy and Pierce left. I actually like the 5th season *less* than the 4th. I only really liked a few eps from S5. But I do quote Abed's impression of Nicholas Cage a lot haha
Well then I look forward even more to the different types that will make their appearance as well! You nailed the durability part. The first thing that came to mind as I was reading it was a bunch of Meruems getting slapped away by the Dino like against Netero.
&gt; Mr. Sausage, I swear to God, I'll go Annie Wilkes on your ass. Not if I wear shin guards! &gt;You owe me like 2 more chapters between now and the next DC chapter. I wish, but I've been laid up in bed for about 4 days straight, no sleep, with several serious infections. I've had to miss way too much work as well. At least I can see today, though. &gt;That does seem to be her thing, it's definitely amusing. I figured it was a natural development for her character, so I'm glad it turned out well. I really wasn't sure what people would think there. Elaine's this character that I'm sort of tossing a lot of ideas around for at the moment, but I do have some plans in the works.
Officially, Togashi has referred to Pitou as "He"
Plus I think I have a soft spot for those honor-bound warrior types
&gt; So while its one thing to have a full blown trans or whatever the heck alluka is character, it's another thing entirely to design something to look almost entirely feminine and be like "actually it's a boy cuz I said so" ant or not No offense but I think you have a very limited understanding of Trans people in general. There are trans people who look much more voluptuous than Pitou but are male, are they not allowed to be Trans even though they are? Togashi does this kind of thing all the time. &gt;character design is supposed to make these things clear. That's also narrow minded. No it isn't supposed to do anything, else that would be limiting art and author freedom. Togashi wanted to design the character that way and did. It's rather rude to say that he shouldn't. &gt;Not saying it isn't true but more that it should not be true As someone who is indifferent as to Pitou's gender, it's just a fact of life that people need to get over already. Pitou is male, so what? I get a lot of people *want* Pitou to be a female, but why is it so important for people to try and usurp Togashi's own creation for their own motives, whatever they may be. If people wanna fap to Pitou, they can fap. If they feel somehow disgusted because they learned that Pitou was a male, well, they can address those issues however they want. But rewriting the material isn't one way to deal with it. I'm not saying you're one of such people. But there's been rather famous occurrences of people on this sub over the years doing exactly that, for the reasons I mentioned. &gt;but that face, those eyelashes, that hair Woah there &gt;no boy has that hair Um what? A boy can definitely have that hair. Especially in the world of anime/manga. Boys have had much crazier and more feminine hair before. &gt;pitou is a girl Except that we already know Pitou isn't, and it's official, so why even discuss it? We can discuss why we think Togashi created Pitou that way, but what we're doing here is like asking if Killua is a Zoldyck or not. &gt;It's bad enough to make a very feminine looking teenage male character like kurapica This may be rather offensive to people as well. &gt;Even if togashi said it (people claim he has but I haven't seen it) Why don't you just go read the databook yourself. Linking to it here may be against the rules, since you are supposed to buy it (though you don't have to at all, most just read it online, hint hint) Just because you haven't read it yourself doesn't mean it doesn't exist. &gt;it's just dumb to the point of trolling No, what is dumb to the point of trolling are people trying to change HxH just to fit their fantasies. Just read/watch the damn thing and quit trying to change things. If you have a problem with something HxH, then feel free to talk about it, but don't try and change what's there. How could it be trolling for people to just share facts about the source material? &gt;I would like you to see my other comment Was it supposed to somehow be relevant or insightful? It was just a bunch of your personal opinions on the matter. *** In conclusion, I think you have a very shallow view of the trans community, and a somewhat entitled opinion of the material. No, Togashi doesn't have to do what *you* want to do, and no, your personal opinions don't dictate the material either. But you're more than welcome to complain about it. Just don't be surprised when people try and correct you or share the facts. And certainly don't belittle people refuting your cries with facts by labeling them trolls. That is very toxic behavior.
&gt; Nah, I didn't really mind all of the screen-time you gave to Ksaksa and Dahlia, especially Dahlia. Whew, that's good, thank you. &gt;a lot of what made her a character depended on her interactions with other OC characters like Lahara or Alecksander. You're exactly right. I made the decision in the first story that, after a while, she would be set aside for everyone else to develop some more, but I also already had this story in mind while writing the other one. So *now* she gets her time. &gt;a lot of what made her a character depended on her interactions with other OC characters like Lahara or Alecksander. Intrusive thoughts can be a **** hahaha &gt;It was just a contradiction that I found to be adorable about her haha. Aww, thank you! &gt;It reminds me of what Shivra did to Kalns(?). Is it bad that I wrote the part and I don't even remember who it was that Shivra killed in that way? hehehehe &gt;Random side note, but for some reason, I keep misreading "Kerauno Peak" as "Karasuno Peak." Must be because I've been binging on Haikyuu!! lately... You've reminded me that Haikyuu's been on my list for a long while now and I should really get around to it one of these days
But the Troupe are often described as enjoying torturing, and have done much torturing off screen, even during the Yorknew Arc. Kurapika felt sick for what he did, but many members of the Troupe are so remorseless they don't even feel a thing, while many other members outright enjoy murder. Then, let's not forget to mention what they did to Kurapika's clan. Those were truly heinous acts, and why Kurapika felt the need to push himself passed his own boundaries. It's almost insane to say that Kurapika and Gon are on the same level as the Troupe and the Ants, respectively. The ants were child killing, torturing, ruthless killers who caused so much anguish. Gon was one of the anguished, and killed an ant in a situation where he might've been the next victim, and if not for him, the ant might have gone on to kill countless others in much more brutal ways than Gon killed Pitou. (Look at what Pitou did to Kite, not only completely mutilating him, but then playing with his corpse) Not the same at all in any way. Plus, arguably, from a purely logistic point of view, it was one kill or two kills vs countless kills, including much more brutal murders and acts of torture. People who place killing evil on the same plane as the evil itself with a long history of much more evil actions simply have a weird sense of morality, or must be forgetting the source material.
Just found this, was drawn to it by the hatsu name. I have a character in the OC story with a hatsu of the same name, but it seems that we've taken the ideas in very different directions!
A) That's no reasoning. Sociopaths don't have human emotions either, does that excuse their actions? B) All the ants we see in action past the first few all have some level of human emotion inherited from their makeup, with the potency increasing the longer they are alive. C) When judging just the actions themselves, people still compare Gon's killing of Pitou equivalent or greater than pitou's numerous murders and cruel and unusual punishment to the likes of Kite and Pokkle. Simply because they are attracted to Pitou. When judging just the actions, empirically, intent, emotion, what-have-you don't apply. Just the pure numbers and logistics.
There is only the context of your comment in this conversation. Maybe you responded to the wrong comment with your first comment? The comment you replied to was talking about how Gon's and Kurapika's actions aren't nearly even close to being as evil as the actions of the Troupe and the Chimera Ants, like some people try to argue. Then you replied with: &gt;but ants don't have human feelings obviously so it's nothing to them Which if you weren't trying to argue against my point with that, I really can't even see what you were trying to do, then. &gt;goodbye im not here to argue Okay... *Starts argument* *"I'm not here to argue..."* Okayyyyy. See ya then?
Are you trolling? I literally just explained something since you butted into a conversation with a non-sequitor and then seemed to have gotten offended by something. So I just explained that there was no reason to be offended. I can't see why you're being so standoff-ish Edit: Plus it took me less than 30 seconds to type out and submit. And you practically begged for an explanation with your rudeness after somehow finding a way to be offended. It's bizarre behavior, so I'm still clearing things up for you since somewhere along the lines, there's been some kind of communications error for you.
This kind of thing is one of my greatest fears when writing. I'm sorry. I really hope that your laptop can be salvaged, for more than "just" recovering the lost work, but mostly for recovering the lost work. A hiatus would be understandable, don't worry too much about everyone right now. That's a rough thing to go through. Just know that when you do post it up, there will be an audience not so patiently waiting hehe. But in all seriousness, don't fret too much over what was there. I know it's impossible to move on, especially when rewriting what you had, but it seriously is the best thing you could do in this case. Look at it this way: it's like having a second draft, and second drafts are always better than the first! Also, like usual, I don't think I need to say that we all understand school takes priority. Take your time and please do not let it get to you. We'll all be here whenever the chapter's done, I promise.
I didn't bring anything up that was out of context. I just refuted your claim as clearly and completely as I could. I don't know why it offended you to do so. If you want me to go in depth explaining how nothing I said was out of context (don't know why that'd be needed, honestly, since it should be obvious) then I can do that. Just let me know. PS: What you said before was that *I* took *your* comment out of context. Now you are saying that *I* made a comment that is "out of context" which I think you mean to say is "irrelevant," which it also wasn't. "Out of context" doesn't mean the same thing, and doesn't make much sense the way you used it.
Hisoka outright tells Netero that he wants to fight him, but Netero is disinterested. That might have had something to do with it. Plus it seemed like Hisoka actually wanted the license after getting DQ'd the year before for fighting an examiner.
&gt; Not even including that, anyone really into it has already watched it Which is what happened with AoT season 2. Toonami can do better by being more timely with season 3 this year, but they can't do that with MHA, because they'd still have to catch up with what is going to be about a year or two's worth of airing time just to be current like they now are with AoT.
Only problem is S1 finale, which is an hour long. (Well, like 45 minutes, but that's an hour of block time)
&gt; He's using the same voice he did for Bernie Well that makes sense. Don't know why I didn't imagine that first haha. Thanks for the link!
Lone Wolf and Cub, Ashita No Joe, Sandman (the Neil Gaiman one), and Ubik (By PKD)
I have Seveneves and Snow Crash but have not read either yet. After reading Neuromancer a little while ago, I almost hopped straight into Snow Crash, but wanted to mix it up and not do two sci-fi in a row, and then kinda got the urge to read Ubik because, well, Philip K Dick. But both have been on my to-read list for too long. If you had to pick one (if you've read both, I assume maybe you have) which one would you recommend for my next book to read. I'll be coming off of Ubik if that makes a difference.
I got the opening theme, Viva Namida, on iTunes. Probably have to get the rest on amazon or by setting sail.
Awesome, I'll start with Snow Crash then. With the depressing, haunting nature of Ubik, I think it'll be good to go into something fun after that. Plus Ubik is somewhat space oriented, so I've got that itch covered haha. Thank you, that's exactly what I needed! I'll also look around for that short
Woo! Whatever works with you to keep you moving, really. I think everyone's getting busy again, so that will probably work for everyone, audience-wise, as well.
*Hold up, wait* *For my niggaz who be thinkin' we soft* *We don't, play* *We* **GON***' rock it til the wheels fall off*
The man, the myth, the legend
It's just the same animation studio. Not the same writers, directors or anything, which is why it is misleading to say. Same for Soul Eater. However, it is the same director and one of the two animation studios that collabed to work on Cowboy bebop, so that makes sense to say
Also, even then, a lot of people across the entire industry came together for Space Dandy, and these animators went on to work on One Punch Man, so these animators might not even be much of the same ones that worked on FMA:B
Guess you could say it the other way around, since CA arc predates IBO
In general a lot of the characters are pretty likeable, even a bunch of the villains, really
It's based on the actions of a real life bird that does it to save food. He has some of that bird in him, you can tell by the feathers
Just you wait ;)
The bodies of the dead
Better not be stealin my trap cards
And they actually show up on every planet when they arrive there
Yep. The same 3 old guys show up where ever they go. Sort of like a running gag
They do some early on, but it is very mild. What they do later on I don't know if I should explain why it isn't weird at that point for spoilery reasons
I think it's pretty clear by their original releases that Super was originally going to be a series of movies just like you said. Then they realized it may be more profitable as a series when they saw the popularity of the movies, and for some reason decided to turn 2 movies into 2 arcs, stretching out the content, and then continuing basically at that pace. It also doesn't help that the art is not as detailed as it used to be, and the animation had some infamous missteps, especially in the first 50 episodes or so.
Toei in general is fast, rushed production with low effort whenever acceptable to them. you can see how this has negatively impacted Super all over the place
Honestly, the recent years where there was no Dragonball was a pretty good run for Toonami, content wise.
Yes. Yes you are
This thread isn't even about ratings. And there's no misinformation, just opinions that you seem to disagree with. Also, you can't force people to enjoy somethings they don't like. No one is railing on Toonami. No one is even railing on anything. Just level headed discussions here till you came along. Grow up and accept that people can have differing opinions and *still* have meaningful conversations and criticisms. Also, nice way of discussing with the downvote button, that's really helpful to the thread you claim to hate so much. Edit: Plus the only one spreading misinformation was you so far
Probably because a Dragonball Super fan is seeing people point out some faults
It is too perfect, hahaha
True. Hopefully it would be the blu-ray versions, because it looks so crisp and good like that. But still, if anything, it should replace HxH. Would a bit much to have two Togashi shows at once
Berserk aint Shonen though. And One Punch Man is hardly shonen as well. BUt it is mostly shonen parody.
Disagree. The only bit of better characterization in 2003 is Lust. Otherwise every character in Brotherhood outside of the main 2 gets more time and more meaningful development. Especially characters like Mustang and Hawkeye. Bradley's and Scar's development is also way better in Brotherhood from a literary standpoint, and Envy's is way better than the non-existent characterization in 2003. Plus you have the chimera and Xingese characters that weren't even in 2003 that had loads of characterization. Plus both Ed and Al get way more development in Brotherhood as you get to see them actually grow up a bit. Winry too, compared to 2003 where she gets almost no characterization.
Feels weird to say FMA since it isn't your standard shonen at all. It's more like a shonen/seinen hybrid, but I feel similarly to HxH at this point as well, so I think it is worth mentioning. Most shonen are rife with one dimensional characters is the problem. That's what makes good shonen stand apart, though. Well, one of the things.
Nobodies arguing with you about if it is good or not. Just thought I should point it out. Also who says it would need that much time? As for it being the first manga in history to do that, I highly doubt it. Even from my limited manga experience, I already know that Trigun has done it a few times in the manga. Sometimes it got too messy to really understand, but that was more of a Trigun issue, and not a 1v1v1, or 4-5-6 man free for all type of battle like what occurred in the Trigun manga
Not if done properly. Think a Mexican stand-of type of setup where no one wants to let any of the others get out easy to do what you said. It historically becomes a dynamic push and pull and even momentary team-ups with enemies just to keep one side from gaining an advantage over the other two. I think it could work extremely well in a Nen battle as well.
Okay? But who said we were talking about specifically DBZ? You said shonen as a whole. It's a bit pointless to bring up DBZ in this kind of discussion. That being said, characters like the Androids, and even Cell to an extent, had decent depth compared to most shonen villains. Even Majin Buu did. Vegeta of course is an obvious one, as he is lauded as having the best character development in the franchise. But that's not the point. There's more to shonen than just OP and DBZ. But shonen like Naruto, MHA (is not immune to this), and of course Fairy Tail are all full of one dimensional characters. However, that doesn't mean there aren't exceptions. I was just saying it's a shonen problem, not any one shonen in particular, like your comment made it seem, no offense.
Durarara is like Baccano, though. There's not really a main character much of the time, or it shifts around from episode to episode. I mean, arguably there's the 4 or 5 most central characters to the story, but they aren't really the main characters that often.
"Ah, yes. Ksaksa mentioned you once or twice before." . "So, Ksaksa did..." Libon rubbed a hand through his hair, feeling as though it were falling out, "Nothing bad, I hope." . "Some of it was." Thazath remained statue-esque, "But he talked about you a lot. He feels close to you. Speaking of Ksaksa, he hasn't visited in a while." . Libon's breathing and heartbeat fell out of regulation, "Ksaksa... was my friend." . Thazath finally leaned in, "What do you mean, *was*?" . "I don't want to hear myself say this. You deserve to know, though." . Thazath began putting the pieces together. But no matter how much he had reasoned himself to the same conclusion, he forced himself to deny it. He didn't want to acknowledge Libon's words by responding, either. . So Libon continued, "I'm sorry to say... that Ksaksa won't be able to visit you... anymore. Now we will have to visit him..." . Thazath sat upright, looking down, "I'll have to visit his..." . "I'm sorry." . "Well, I guess I won't be talking to him," Thazath froze in place, his eyes still staring at the arbitrary spot on the table he locked on when he spoke. . Libon could tell. The next words, which were now burning into Thazath's mind, were, "ever again." . All Libon could say, as he stood, "15 minutes... please." . Thazath's eyes shot up to view Libon's face when he said this and froze again. Libon merely glimpsed Thazath's face when their eyes met. His eyes were as peepholes. You walk up and peer through your front door peephole and see a skinless man carrying a machete waltzing up to the door from far away. You see him walk with a waddle, as you can vicariously feel his pain as he shifts his weight from skinless foot to skinless foot. It might be best to run away, but you want to see him actually make it up to the door and exist just on the other side of that thin wooden barrier. The scene is so surreal you can't help but just stay and watch another moment longer. And then another moment. And another. Each eye was as this vision was; each one a peephole unto this scene. It was almost as if his face was that of a statue's with the eyes of a doll's. The world had left him, and now he was bare. . There was no unseeing for Libon, and no unhearing for Thazath. Libon left the room. He scurried down the hall. Not a word was shared between him and his guard. . Libon left, hurrying through the exiting process. He wanted to tell the staff to go for a smoke break, if they could, but the less he said, the better. His guard felt the gravity of the situation increasing the closer they got to the car. Fortunately, the exiting process by car was much quicker than entering was. On the way out, they didn't give a damn. It was the way in that they worried about. . It took five minutes to fully exit the premises. It took another couple of minutes to brazenly speed away from the Calatrac security and presumed following MCBI agents up to a hill with a good vantage point. From there, everything shoudl fall into place. Libon exited the car and stood eagerly awaiting the sight he imagined. Libon's guard got out and looked off, feeling as though evil had found its way into Libon's heart. . As smoke began to billow from Calatrac, Libon calmed his breathing, "To see a beast crumble, such as Calatrac." . Fire began spreading across the top of Calatrac's main facility. Gun fire errupted, and hordes of criminals and staff alike began poouring out onto the mountainside. Off far away, the first light of the day had begun to emerge. The sun would begin its rise, revealing itself in a mere two hours, giving rise to day by the third. That was enough time for a skilled Nen user to use his abilities in full and traverse half the coastal province by foot. All the criminals escaping the facility were Nen users. Soon they would infest the province, and even the entire country, with their wickedness. . Not more than another ten minutes had passed before a presence had made itself aware behind them. Jolting around, Libon's guard assumed it was an MCBI agent. But it walked too casually. An agent would have the urgency to strike quickly, and settle things cleanly. There was an agitated calm about the approaching presence. . Thazath, covered in blood, had walked up to the car, spitting out a chunk of flesh, "Believe it or not, I've come to appreciate traditional cooking." . "Thazath," Libon exasperatedly spoke. . "I saw you from down there. Were you waiting for me?" . Libon's guard was silent, leaving Libon to the talking, "Do you want to know who-" . "No. Leave me be for now. When I want to know, I'll ask. I just... I just need to take a walk for a while..." Thazath looked over at his guard, "Your friend?" . "Yes." Libon quickly responded. . "I can tell you were a good friend of my brother's. Be careful." Thazath moved, ready to leave. As he looked out over the coastal province, what he could see from his current vantage point, he remarked, "Out of one vivarium... and into another..." before setting off. . "Wait!" Libon stopped him, "Did you need something from me?" Libon considered offering his abilities to Thazath. . "All I needed was my brother." Thazath turned away and began walking off in the direction of the middle of the province. . Slowly, Thazath faded from view. They could tell he was getting ready to run, but wanted to occupy his mind a bit longer, first. Libon instantly felt it. Everything was his fault, it would all be lying at his feet, when all was said an done. . "Sir, what now?" His guard finally found the ability to speak again. . Libon put his hand on the car, "Well, I guess we head back to the complex. It's been brought to my attention that Switch is in Anhydrought right now. I know of a particular deal that he wouldn't be able to turn down, and then we'd have him-" . "At a time like this? That little girl wants help, you just helped tear down a secret prison full of criminal Nen users, and your friend has died, and you want to go forward with more deals?" . "Yes. *My friend* is dead... and *I* had to be the one to tell his only brother, his only family. The MCBI is watching us, and Cojot is trying to snuff me out first chance he gets. So, yes, let me try to regain my footing." Libon raised his voice for the first time in recent memory. . His guard quieted down, "You're being reckless." . "Ksaksa was my only friend. You understand, don't you?" . His guard was silent. Taking offense at what he said was one thing, but refuting or even responding to it would only hurt them both more. It was clear to the Libon's personal guard that he was just an employee. Just a subordinate to take orders. Ksaksa was his only friend. Everything else was clear now. . Libon's guard got back into the car, "We should leave. The area will be crawling with whatever is left of the MCBI any moment, now." . \*\*\*\*\* . "How have we not encountered any caravan or something?" Janus asked of the passengers in the car. . Cell looked out the window, "Maybe we're too late?" . Yuya looked over to Niori, as if she expected something to say. Then she turned to Hermoine, to non-verbally assess if they felt the same way as Cell. If they were too late, and the relic was already in the storage unit, then it wouldn't mean much, as they could just break in. So why was Cell so downtrodden? Yuya couldn't figure it out. . "He must not want to see what is in the storage unit..." She thought to herself. . They were not too late, however, as the relic was caught up in yet another struggle for its possession. They were actually quite early. And with news of the Calatrac break spreading like fire, much faster than the criminal escapees, even, the MCBI wouldn't be much of a threat, as forces would be diverted elsewhere. The Ophiucus girls, traveling with Cell Donagher and Janus Argent, were the least of their worries, especially as an unknown threat. Priorities were quickly shifting as various situations were on the precipice of spiraling out of control. . But Cell's mind was in its own feedback loop. One of depression. Subconsciously, his life's current woes were fueling his conscious negative assumptions. As the days wore on, and more obstacles faded in and out, Cell began to increasingly wish that this whole ordeal would just resolve itself and end. He began losing interest in answers. Too many other things had happened. . For a moment, he thought of Ralbog, now on the run, searching or the ghost of his father. Was Cell not the same? These thoughts lingered for longer than he wished to acknowledge them. Then he thought of the man in the bar, Hohn. Would Cell end up like him if he gave up like the drunkard did? Both men seemed like the two possible futures for himself. Neither seemed worth the effort. Even now, Ralbog Noden and Hohn Cronus were probably stuck in their life paths, unable to escape their predicaments. . Cell wondered, "Am I stuck, too?" . He recognized the surroundings. Though the sun's light was not able to reach them, the gradually brightening sky was able to help him see the environment a bit better. They were getting closer. Brick's Maremortuus storage unit was ever so near. . \*\*\*\*\* .
"Leon, how come there's no MCBI around here?" Luna asked her brother as they hid in the quaint village. . "I don't know. I thought Mahagoney would still be around." . At this moment, Leon was holding onto the relic as they stayed against the wall in a small hut waiting to make contact with an MCBI agent for backup. However, many of the forces in the rustic village they were in happened to be close enough to Calatrac to be conscripted to form a perimeter around the mountain's base. Only a few agents remained in the town. Leon and Luna picked one of the only scrutures not made out of mud and stone to hide in, for what they called, "sanitary purposes." Though there was no risk in any of the other buildings. . "Luna, why don't you take a look and see if there are any agents we can call over. I haven't been able to get in touch with anyone by phone at all." . She opened the door, carefully closing it behind herself. Even in the death of night, birth of day, it was still too dark to see properly. The night's shade was still present. Leon sat in darkness, clutching the relic in his arms. . Slowly, Kassandra Pace reached through the walls with her arms, her head followed. Leon hadn't noticed a thing. Luna was still looking around the road for signs of agents. Even in the dark, Kassandra's use of Gyo helped her to see that Leon was holding it tight. She devised a plan. It might not work, but just a slight change in his grip was all she was looking for. . After a moment, Leon noticed a knock at the door. Getting up, he placed the relic behind his body, still holding it tightly. Then, with one hand, he reached out to open the door without saying a word. This was exactly what Kassandra had been waiting for. Phasing through the wall, she reached in, grabbed the relic, and phased it back out of the hut. She was running away before Leon could even open the door. . "Damn, she tricked me." Leon said, realizing there was no one at the door. . Too much distance had been made between Leon and Luna for Luna to catch up, but she kept chasing Kassandra and Leon north. Tired, she desperately hoped to encounter an MCBI agent to ask for help. . Kassandra looked at the relic, "Ha, my ex would have never guessed I'd become so accomplished back when he taught me Nen!" . Kassandra kept running, hoping to reach the next town before Leon could catch up to her. Once there, it would be much easier to evade him by fading through walls and buildings. As the two siblings chased her north, the other three in their family slowly realized that Kassandra had eluded them. The bitterness had begun fading as they recognized a familiar personage. . Leroy, Lilly, and Lana felt ashamed, but were confident that Luna and Leon still held the relic. Though, they had no way of confirming it. So, when the spotted Mahagoney walking down the trail, they were hesitant to run up to him. They wished to contect their other siblings first, before spreading word to the head of the MCBI. . "You mean there were two people who visited right before it happened? I didn't think they took visitors at that hour?" Mahagoney spoke on the phone with another operative, "Libon Eupalinos and his personal guard named Teren? You're positive that it was Eupalinos?" Mahagoney became angry, "So we had men just watching him go there, and did nothing? I'm guessing he pulled some strings to visit at that time, but why didn't we do anything before he got there?" He kept walking, "Well now it is too late to do anything! We could have prevented this... You bet your ass he's involved somehow. We have to get a copy of the recordings from when he was there. Who did he speak with?" . Mahagoney then realized that another man was standing before him. This man had blood of various dark shades dried upon his arms and face. His clothing was stained almost entirely red, in mostly two separate shades of blood. His clothing was ripped as though he had fought hand to hand with someone. He wasn't wearing shoes of any kind, yet, despite them being dirty, they didn't seem damaged at all. The blood kept his hair stuck in a disheveled way, as it had dried to his scalp. . "You are MCBI?" asked Thazath. . Mahagoney put away his phone and grabbed his gun, "No sudden movements. Are you from Calatrac?" . "Yes. Are you MCBI?" . "I am. Now, stay still, don't do anything stupid." . Thazath stood still, "You're supposed to protect people, right?" . Mahagoney wasn't sure if he should answer, "That's part of our job." . "Well, you failed." . "Sometimes, yes. But part of it is making those who were responsible face the consequences of their actions." Mahagoney felt that reassuring the piety of his occupation might help keep Thazath calm. . "And who makes you face the consequences of your actions?" . "I don't follow," Mahagoney began moving to Thazath's side, preparing to subdue Thazath. . "It was cops like you, who took me away from my brother. If I were there..." . Mahagoney was nervous, assuming that Thazath was highly unstable. . "I wanted to show you this, Ksaksa. But now I can't." . Mahagoney reached out to Thazath, but an oddity froze him. Just below Thazath's skin, his muscles and crawling, bug-like shapes began moving around. The arm Mahagoney was attempting to grab dislocated from Thazath's shoulder, hanging down deadly. . Quietly, Thazath spoke to himself, "I thought about calling this, *Eldritch Armor Imaginihs*, like something out of those stories we found in the trash. The trash where we were born and raised." . "Whatever you're doing, I implore you to stop!" shouted Mahagoney. . Blood began pouring from Thazath's eyes, his mouth stretched into an inhuman smile. His jaw worked as though he was silently laughing, but the blood dripping down his face reminded Mahagoney of tears. Thazath looked disturbingly confused with such an expression. His neck snapped, as Mahagoney backed away, gun in hand. . Then, from the sides of Thazath's chest, his skin began to tear. Likewise, his dislocated arm began twisting round and round till the skin had been severed, and stretched out, as if more bones had been procured from within. The muscles within his body tried to force their way out in every possible spot, at each place of broken skin, the crawled out like a quickly growing moss, covering over his skin. From his stomach, his body cavity had been growing, looking like a balloon of air at a children's party, about to burst. Instead, extra organs continually poured out of Thazath's belly button, forming into new limbs, faces, legs with mouths covering their sides and giant eye balls instead of feet. A hand with half of its fingers replaced by arms with a few extra joints, bending every which way. . Thazath's head had been engulfed, as had his entire body, by such limbs and the ragged remains of his epidermal layers. Many other heads and limbs were now flailing about, as intestines grew spikes and eyes to see with. Each hand seemed equipped with mouths to feed with. No feet were needed. Mahagoney, for a brief moment, tried counting the various arms and tentacles made of what were once Thazath's innards. Such a visceral transformation was impossible, though. More mass was pouring out of every orifice and wound than a normal body had. Even from Thazath's body. . From a deep recessive pit in the side of Thazath's body, a fleshy elephant like head with no eyes came out. Ribs had been formed into tusks, its trunk a hand at the end with two thumbs. From its toothless mouth, a plant-like vine stretched around where the tongue should be. The plant-like bulb at the end opened to reveal a large eye surrounded by pedals as if it were a flower. But poking out of the iris was a single finger. . Mahagoney at this point begna firing. Empty magazines were tossed aside to quickly continue pouring ammunition down into the monstrosity. Random patches of hair parted way on Thazath's new body to give rise to a long tree-like stalk with metallic pipes sticking out of the sides like broken bones. Several eyeless, serpent-like tentacles with either split-jawed mouths or larvae-like suckers showered out of the bark, connected via umbilical cords to the main body. The towering monstrosity took a step toward Mahagony, sounds of pained whistling escaping the being. The finger which had poked its way out of the flower-eye which had come from the flesh elephant's mouth then transformed further. The tip had become concave before collapsing away. The last two digits of the finger had become a barrel, which pointed right at Mahagoney. . However, the MCBI head's attention was focused on the giant arm which had come out of the mess, formed out of countless entangled arms, with several tongues dripping out around it. As time went on, more and more metallic shapes began forming and protruding from the "body" of Thazath. The finger fired like a gun, the same projectiles which Mahagoney had fired. However, their aerodynamics were flawed after being used once, and were inaccurate. But, with so many shots, and more barrels being formed, even with Mahagoney's skillful dodging, he still took a hit to his thigh. Unable to move quickly, he panicked. . The siblings, still watching, had decided that this was enough. Leroy shivered in fear as they all prepared their most combat-potent abilities for battle. At this point, they were now behind Thazath, who had more misshapen heads than he had had necks. They were not hidden. Not amongst the sea of eyes littering the complicated terror that lay before them. He needn't turn around. Direction was now meaningless to Thazath, as there was no longer a front, back, or any other direction in a traditional sense. .
Being a manipulator, Thazath knew he had some potency in conjuration. By the time he had figured out how to escape Calatrac, he had been forced to undergo Zetsu for so long that his perception of Nen had changed. Seeing so many other criminals, and their creative expressions of Nen, a variety of interesting Hatsus, Thazath had a change of heart. If an ability had been good enough for Ksaksa, then he, as the older brother, needed one as well, he figured. After Ksaksa told Thazath to remain in the prison, as he had correctly assumed that Thazath knew *how* to escape, Thazath was able to spend his days "designing" his Hatsu. . With knowledge he picked up from books and other inmates, Thazath decided that he could increase the scope of his potential by tapping into conjuration, instead of sticking solely with manipulation, as his brother had done. By manipulating his body, he could form himself into his own biological armor, meaning that his Nen would naturally flow through it as well, requiring less training in that application. However, in order to accomplish things according to Thazath's imagination, he'd need more than just hiw own body's mass. So, he turned to conjuration to conjure one thing he was very familiar with: flesh, bone, and organic material. Particularly, human organic material. Animal and plant-life as well, but mostly human. Things he had known for his whole life on a level far greater than most. . Now, being able to use very basic, even barely adequate conjuration, he was still able to conjure up enough simple materials to contribute to his manipulations. But it couldn't stop there. Thazath knew enough about the body that if he did things so drastically, he would hurt, or even likely kill himself in the process. He knew he couldn't micromanage the manipulations and have it still be effective, so he turned to conjuration again. The first step of the process would be to conjure a personality. This personality would be a savant in medical applications. Using all the knowledge at Thazath's disposal, this persona, "Imaginihs," would be able to do the micromanaging that Thazath couldn't. . It would be like an on-board computer in most transportation systems, he thought. Only this one would be organic, and would only be as smart as he was, just more skilled in both recollection *and* application, as it would be so far specialized that it wouldn't need to do any other thinking, or processing. Thazath even designed it so that it could gereate brain matter to help itself run properly. Imaginihs would make Thazath's ability a reality, and even an efficient weapon, despite its complexity. The downside is that Thazath wouldn't be in complete control. . Likewise, Thazath understood Nen well enough that to avoid it turning out mediocre or lackluster, he would need to design a few more drawbacks to increase its power. More drawbacks than the inherent ones of the nature of the ability. For one, pain receptors would not be allowed to be altered in any way for the duration. Meaning that Thazath would feel every bit of pain and would not be allowed to pass out. Also, the ability would last for exactly 24 hours upon activation, meaning an extended period of the most painful torture conceived of, beyond what would be possible without Nen. Upon activation, Thazath would pick a period of time for his "coma period" that would determine the overall strength and capability of Imaginihs. Having a second persona would require such a rest period, as it would be too mentally taxing otherwise. . After the 24 hour period, Thazath would be placed in a coma for the duration he had previously chosen, unable to starve to death, as the ability would generate just enough nutrients, internally, to keep him alive. Alive, but atrophied. During this slumber, Thazath decided it would be best to experience nightmares created by Imaginihs, based on his worst memories and corrupted versions of his best memories, mostly. Furthermore, Thazath decided that such a commitment must come with a more total cost. If Imaginihs didn't kill and consume the body of at least person that Thazath had encountered before activating the ability, then he would experience a random organ failure upon waking from his coma period. It could be anyone, so long as, at some point in his life before then, Thazath had met them. . Part of the purpose of the ability was that he deemed it as the most severe punishment he could face. Thazath was not a masochist like his brother, but he understood the necessity of pain, and endured it. In order to inflict the highest degree of pain, he reasoned, one must accept the highest degree of pain in return. As such, Thazath had designed his ideal Hatsu, and finally had been given a chance to use it. Now things could never be the same for him, or for many others. . Several bodies were left in his wake as he headed north. He was no longer Thazath Outis Cluth. Now, he was Imaginihs, and for the next 24 hours, he would be doomed to wander the lands aimlessly. All he knew, was that north was where the most people were in Maremortuus, and north was where the Temples were. Everything else was lost in the synaptic firings of a tortured brain. . Day having not yet broke, Luna continued following Leon as he chased Kassandra into another town. It was a small town, whose most notable landmarks included a diner and a bar, both run by elderly people with harmless grudges against each other. Once in town, Leon found out just how difficult it was to search for Kassandra, phasing through walls at will with the relic in hand. Luna was able to catch up with him because of this. . She was out of breath, "Where'd she go?" . Angry, "We're going to need to split up." Leon instructed her away. . Leon and Luna stuck mostly to the outer edges of the tiny town so that they could see her running away. As they rounded the borders, they quickly checked buildings and supposed hiding places. It was inefficient, but necessary. If they let Kassandra go here, they would most likely never see the relic again. They had a duty to the MCBI, who had hired them, and a duty to each other as siblings not to fail. They had no idea what was coming. . The search was taking close to an hour when Luna was peaking in through a residential window. She felt dirty even doing so. Inside, a television set was on, blaring the news. Luna thought it could be a setup by Kassandra, a diversionary tactic. Then, an old woman sat down at her chair with breakfast. She had needed the TV loud to hear with her old ears. . Luna was about to move on when the screen had caught her eye. Judging by the tone of voice of the people on the news, even muffled by walls, she could tell that something dire was in the midst of happening. Apparently, there was breaking news of some kind of attack, potentially terrorist in nature, they were postulating. It might have been tied to the relic, or just have been the scattered remains of the Scrap Kings or another junk gang wreaking havoc as they fled for the coast from Anhydrought. There were too many possibilities, and at the same time, no explanations. All they had were early reports and phone calls to local stations. Nothing concrete had been reported yet, mostly just rumors. . Leon felt like he was getting closer on the other end of town. He was fairly certain that Kassandra hadn't fled, otherwise he or Luna should have seen. Still, he felt the urge to give up and reunite with Luna. At some point they were going to have to give up either way. They couldn't just skulk about this place forever. . Forever. The biggest lie that language has ever taught us. Everything decays, even the atoms that make up everything else. Even, perhaps, their quarks. As all else decays, so does gravity with it, in a sense. The pull of such large objects must be erased as all objects return to the primordial soupy nothingness of all origin. As time itself had begun with the universe's creation, even it may give way to its own entropic forces. Nothing is forever, that's a physical impossibility. All things must come to an end, even life itself. Back to nothingness. The void. . Leon turned around, his instincts influencing him. Some know of this grand truth, this inevitable return to the void. The sound of many footsteps rattled the ground from a distance. Some can still live knowing how it all ends, not just for themselves, but for reality as well. Leon saw a horrifying abomination heading his way. Some even welcome such an end, happily. . Thazath, as Imaginihs, came sprinting with seven appendant extremities with properties of neither arm nor leg types of limbs. Out of an opened, jawless mouth, an incision in the top of Imaginihs's gory chimera body, two massive, multi-jointed arms, one with an insect's eye, and the other with a giant claw, made as a mouth of two top-halves of furless wolves' heads, flailed about. They only emerged from the opening mouth as Thazath entered the proximity of the town. Where the wolves' eyes would be, long, thin spider like legs slithered out with an horrid noise. .
This, with the sound of the nearest structure beginning to crumble, called Luna's attention. She looked over in horror, witnessing a beast of unnatural origin ravaging the ruins with its mere movements. Crawling out of the rubble, Luna hoped that either Leon was far away, or that he was about to crawl out of the rubble and run for his life. But, her eyes picked up the answer. A familiar woman, now dirtied, crawled out of the rubble filled with corpses of residents. Behind them, around the disturbing visuals of Imaginihs, Thazath, were the destroyed parts of her eviscerated brother. Truly, Leon was now far away... just farther than she had hoped. . As his entrails clung lifelessly to the walking apparatus of Imaginihs, Kassandra limped on, relic in hand. She turned to see Imaginihs towering over the mound of corpses flattened by the rubble. Half of the building still stood, but it and the neighboring building were mired with dust and blood. At this point, five glowing lights peaked their way through the carnage of Thazath's body. As time went on, the nature of the Imaginihs transformation changed. These lights now seemed to be the new eyes with which the tortured soul gained sight. . Kassandra looked at the relic in her hand, "I guess we see what you've got." Then she held it out, like a weapon, and not a simple relic, " Run your Nen through it? So, Shu?" . With Shu, her aura was channeled through the hunk of metal left over from the Great War. The piece of a destroyed weapon which took the lives of so many soldiers, young lives, over the course of a single day, which had become the object of so much hate and resentment from the dying and living alike, had begun to glow a hot red, as if taken out of a fire. The metal looked that way, but did not feel that way. Imaginihs's glowing lights of eyes turned a darker color, like black light of a blueish hue. It was a color unnatural to regular nature. The hideous body began moving very quickly toward Kassandra. As Imaginihs had managed to run with its massive body at a speed much faster than most could manage by car, Kassandra had little time to react. . As soon as it had attempted a swing with one of its massive arms protruding from its mouth-like opening on its back, Kassandra ducked enough to survive, and swung the relic like a dagger. With an explosion of bubbling flesh, Imaginihs's arm with the wolf-head claw was severed at the point of impact. The explosive force of the attack was enough to toss Imaginihs back into the building as well. But it recovered quickly, and from the bleeding stump grew three more limbs, all eye-less, but with more than eight mouths split between them. One was a blade of metal and bone, the other two were indiscernible weapons of organic nature. . Kassandra took the moment to run, fading through walls with the relic through the diner, out of sight. Imaginihs stumbled up, trying to find Kassandra specifically again. Using one of its limbs, it stretched up straight into the sky, higher and higher. Then, the hand at the top had each finger tip turn into temporary eyes, each looking different ways downward. Then, they all closed. Imaginihs had found her. . "I must be able to get more power out of this thing. I'm starting to feel funny though, light-headed." She heard the familiar rumbling steps of Imaginihs, "So, I'll use Shu to transfer my aura through the relic, and *then* I'll use Ko to focus my aura into a balance, with my aura congregating at one point: the relic. The combination of Shu and Ko, that should wor-" . She was interrupted by Imaginihs looking over the diner above, its light shining straight down on her. Rolling out away from the diner, she took notice of small pieces of the roofing crumbling down where she was, yet the diner was mostly kept intact as Imaginish moved around it to confront her. Her phasing ability didn't work on living things, else she could just fade through the attacks and evade by running straight through the thing. Instead, she was forced to break sight again by running back to the dusty building next to the half-ruined residential structure that Imaginihs ravaged as he arrived. . With effortful movements, she dodged and serpentined till she got to where she wanted, running straight through the building as if it weren't even there. Unperplexed, Imaginihs barreled through the corner as it rounded to find her again. This time, she was waiting for it. Kassandra held out the relic. . A prominent vermillion glow, the relic seemed impossibly fine resting in Kassandra's hand. Imaginihs's lights continued to glow a brilliant blue outline of black lights, pointed at the relic moreso than Kassandra. Imaginihs stopped advancing upon realizing the relic's more powerful glow. Another limb shot out of the mouth on Thazath's back, wing-like in nature. The skin on his side bubbled up and shattered revealing the fleshy elephant head from before, as Imaginihs recalled it for use again. This time, its mouth was sealed shut, and the trunk stretched out, growing to elongated fingers at its end. . Kassandra realized that Imaginihs was intelligent enough to understand what was happening with the relic. She decided to attack first, Imaginihs countering with its various limbs as it peddled backward. With both Ko and Shu being used at once Kassandra's aura was prioritized into the relic, leaving her practically defenseless to most attacks. With careful dodges, however, she was able to avoid most of Imaginihs's attacks. This might have been according to its plan, though. .
So, the end of this chapter is where I wanted the previous chapter to make it to. Haha. That would have made Chapter 18 an actual novel on its own, considering this chapter was 14,525 words. Yeah, so I planned on having this done in a two week period, but that was around the holidays and I got sick and lost a week. So then I thought I'd do it in 3 weeks. Well, it took a month, so I'm a terrible judge of time. Anyways, this, to me, was a major milestone marker for the story. I had some of this planned about halfway through the first story, so I really, really wanted to get here quickly. And well, that didn't happen ahhaha. *** Anyhow, I should put a disclaimer for graphic content in this one, but by now, you know what to expect, and if you could handle the stuff before, then you're pretty much set. One thing I forgot to mention last chapter was that Kassandra is a character courtesy of u/jakemans24 From now on, with certain things out of the way, I can really start delivering the biggest parts of the story, including balancing out screen time as a whole. Next chapter and this one I consider a two-part thing that will transition into the next leg of the story, which should have plot points come fast and hard. :3 So, now, if you want to tell me how characters of yours will react, please do. If you have questions of survivors from this chapter, well, I'll just say you might want to wait until next chapter then to see the aftermath of everything. I'll try and keep this comment spoiler-free since I know some people red this before reading the chapter... so... ping party time!
/u/thechickensage, /u/JogingJolt, /u/CallanTS
/u/RedditDestinyAlt, /u/aamarketer, /u/ZeroDarkFang
/u/Ulixx, /u/radiantfang, /u/ControlledByShalnark
/u/Karnevale, /u/RememberWolf359, /u/varkarrus
/u/Halt_kun, /u/Kairos__, /u/NoraaTheExploraa
/u/CrushedByUvogin, /u/KnighZeus, u/jakemans24
Asshole
Haha I know, that's why I'm keeping it. Plus I almost never block bots here because it's usually more fun to joke around with them instead. I do wind up letting the spam filter block most of Haiku Bots recent comments because they've been awful haha
Also, since you're the bot's caretaker, I just want to make sure I understand what happened. Thazath was talking about a situation in the past being different if he had been there. He said, "If I was there, I would have protected him," essentially. Being a hypothetical, that means "were" would be proper, then, right?
I think it would depend on the Nen user. Some you could trap, some you might have to knock out. Some might not even really be much of a threat. Think arresting Neon Nostrade, or someone with an ability like that. Or someone that still respects the authority of the law. You could also just use the threat of violence to get someone to submit. Or, like the top comment says, you kill them if they leave no other option.
Also, the 2011 anime skips the beginning of the manga, and the main 90s anime ends right after Greed Island, so technically skips all of Chimera Ant and beyond, even though you can't say "skip" because they weren't written yet
Finally got to read this. My favorite line was "It's heavier than it looks." [Manorian artist's representation of the battle between Iris and Burkahn's serpent](https://f4.bcbits.com/img/a2428982455_10.jpg) So the Whip is crackers, and Dannika is cracked. Time for the bomb? I would think everyone would be for the bomb if they re-voted. Send everyone you've got, huh? Well, now I'm interested to see who, if anyone, shows up!
So, CBS, the big question I have for you is, what's next for you? While I was reading, I thought back on Pit, and was wondering if he'd make an appearance. I was pleased to see he did, and got to be the one to turn on his former masters. I guess Pit wanted to be vaporized with them, poor thing. Probably had his whole world completely warped after his encounters with Noodle and Farin and Co. Congrats on finishing another event, and congrats on being the first person to survive my curse! I think you've completed more events than any other host on this sub, even dating back to the original tournaments by now. That's incredibly impressive. Do you have any plans on continuing with some of the characters in this that aren't presumably being continued in other stories? (like Rodger and Farin having their own thing goin on) Also you nailed the tone for a finale. The ramping tension, the fear of characters dying, and the bittersweetness looking back at the story. It's sad that now there's no more DC event, which might be why I'm wondering if there's anything else in teh works? You know I won't stop pestering hehehehe Maybe a slice of life about Bjerck getting high all the time? I wouldn't mind seeing more of Iris and Noeb and them all, either. Either way, I'm glad you took us on this journey. I'll see you around these parts. (Now you finally have a chance to catch your breath!) Cheers
About that: next J+A or Aideen chapter when? XD
&gt; big scene with Marie near the end of her battle, that's my favorite bit. I really liked the imagery there. I love black holes and the ocean, so the underwater view of the black hole with the Manorians on fire looked really cool to me. &gt; I wanna see her interact with the OC Story folks so I hope Noraa enters her the next time SausageFinger holds a casting call. Well... maybe there could also be some crossover one-offs and mini-stories too... Otherwise, ya listening Noraa? Tehehehe, you never know when there'll be a casting call :3
I hope you do write more of Farin and Rodger in the DC. Also, let me know if you do, since, ya know, Farin wanted to cross paths with Sinensis again and all... Also new Magnis chapter when? (Don't worry, I'm not singling you out; I'm doing this to everyone)
&gt; but if you want me or GWSF can send you their character sheets. I totally forgot that these weren't publicly posted, lel
I think that'd be pretty cool!
I'd like to know that too X3
You know, now you've got me wondering what an interaction between Farin and Magnis would look like. Also, I totally know the feeling of getting attached to the characters you've written for. It makes it hard to kill them off, especially. But that's the beauty in it: if it makes you suffer, it'll probably make everyone suffer, and sharing is caring. Hahaha
Very good to know. I figured that would be the case. Sometimes trying to change people can be maddening. Plus, it seems like Souma's respect for Jaune is more than the little annoyances he experiences
&gt; I wanna reflect on this event as much as I can You should do a trivia/fun facts thread &gt; He certainly didn't want his masters to live in it. I don't remember if it was said exactly what they did to him, but I got the impression it was some torturous stuff, so that makes sense. &gt;I think this makes only two events that I've hosted and completed Huh, I guess so. For some reason, I thought it was more. Might be because the events were so big &gt;That scene was literally last-minute too, I was about to post the chapter when I thought a scene with Natalie and Farin would be good, plus it was a more fitting way to start it off. That's pretty cool. It was a perfect way to start it off. &gt;Oh, and I totally didn't sneak in a nod to Ksaksa in there, nothing about limbs flaying around at all. I love that he's sort of become the poster child for dismemberment XD &gt;I always liked how you proposed I make Sinensis/Drosera antagonists, and I think that would have been a good way of passing the torch symbolically. Maybe that's gonna be picked up by Noraa. I hope so. I think that'd be cool, with Farin wanting to run into her again and stuff. I mentioned in another comment how I'm definitely down for that I guess I really need to watch Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind! I keep hearing about it. I forgot about Harlock's ability. I guess it wouldn't make much of a difference in the battle. I love Riza Hawkeye, and I can see where there was influence, but they had key difference, personality-wise and otherwise. &gt;As for any plans, I definitely look forward to hosting something in the future, the moment I get that itch again and find the free time to do so. Well, I think I can safely speak for everyone when I say that everybody'll be keeping an eye out for it, whatever you do! &gt;Thank you for sticking around, even when you didn't have a character entered at first I wanted to see what story you were cooking up, plus this was basically carrying the sub for a while. It's still fun when you don't have a character and just get to sit back and enjoy. Also don't worry about walls, I've dropped plenty of those as comments before on everybody around here XD
Don't worry about Drosera and Sinensis, they fit their parts and the story the way that you needed them, and anything else might've detracted. I didn't feel like anything was rushed and that it all progressed nicely. I've mentioned in other comments here, but I'd also love to see these characters return
"Bitching out" not "bitching about"
So you necro'd a 2 month old thread and comment just to be an ass about something you clearly don't care enough to look into much, and then you judge the whole community based on one comment? I really hope you have something better to do, no offense
&gt; shounen a seinen just because it talks about politics and involve more about the human psyche than other shounen series Okay, clearly you need to look at what we were discussing. HxH as a whole is a shounen, but it most definitely isn't targeting the teen boy demo anymore. It fits the stylistic labels of seinen almost perfectly now. If it were split up by arc like JoJo, it would have its later parts be considered Seinen just like JJBA. Which, you know, was the entire point of the thread you ignored. (Also you clearly weren't around the older internet by your remarks about certain terms) &gt;is something a retard would say Oh, so I see I've wasted my time on a child, no wonder you just talk out your ass. PS: Hating on everything that's more popular or more acclaimed than Black Clover isn't going to make Black Clover any better. And calling everything else "entry level" compared to BC when BC is notoriously (even among fans) as entry level as it gets is just comical whenever you say it. But yeah, keep hating on Goodnight Punpun, HxH, OPM, MHA, Promised Neverland, and FMA every time they are mentioned (usually in an off-topic comment) just like you've always done. That'll make BC a masterpiece! I do feel a little bad for when you grow up a bit and look back on this phase of yours with nothing but cringe. Grow the fuck up or gtfo, cheers
Damn you really must live on Reddit, kewl. I didn't need to, I just did to get a limited read on you. Your immature remarks prove you never even had an argument. I've laid out my side already in the og comment you replied to, which you ignored, because you just want to start shit. God, I'm not even a huge HxH fan compared to most people, but keep generalizing like your racist comments you've been making degrading Asian countries with derogatory terms. This is it. If you want an actual discussion, I'll have one, but if you're going to keep ignoring all my sources and evidence in favor of rude comments to rack up that negative karma of yours, I'm just gonna report you and ignore you. (It may have been an ad hominem, but it was bringing your character into question, which is absolutely relevant, by the way. Aka: I think you're just a young brat with shit taste who wants everyone to think that they're smarter than everyone else and what they like is the best, and if anyone says otherwise, it's just that the whole world is out to get them. How close am I?)
Oh my lord, I've wasted so much time on you. My argument was above in this thread already, you even commented on it. You never even responded to any of that, yet you just claim that I'm not making an argument at all. The mental gymnastics on this one! Well, to be fair, your past and concurrent actions and behavior are still relevant to your current actions and behavior in this thread. Also, thank you for answering my questions before. It is clear that you aren't here to have a discussion, and it is clear that I was apparently right on the money. Good luck with everything. I hope everything's good with you IRL. Bye
Ok, now we have something to talk about, good job! &gt;You ever thought of Togashi just writing the story without ever giving a fuck of what the target of the audience is? Of course, that's what he's always done. And during that time, he's written parts that were definitively shonen, and parts that were definitively seinen. &gt;if he did then he would publish it in a SEINEN magazine No, he doesn't have a choice in the matter, contractually. With HxH, Jump gives him freedom after the successes of YYH, which editors butchered. That's also why they put up with his hiatuses. &gt;where edgy and "intellectuals" dwell in This is pretty funny. All the edgy bitches and pseudo-intellectuals hate on Seinen, because they think it makes them look superior. Adults read Seinen because it is stuff made for them. But nobody says you *have* to be an adult to enjoy Seinen, it's just that you're more likely to enjoy it when you're older. Same thing with every other medium. You think children enjoy Godfather, Seven Samurai, or Apocalypse Now as much as adults? (Let alone understand them fully) you think a kid is really gonna enjoy War and Peace? Probably not as much as Harry Potter (generalization, sure) &gt;because at the time nobody gives a fuck about any Japanese magazine besides WSJ The popularity of Jump really has no bearing on the classification of things. In fact, you seem to make the common mistake that many people make in assuming that the magazine determines which classification a manga receives. This is completely untrue. It's just the name (but granted, in WSJ's case, they made their bread and butter on some of the most popular shonen of all time and still are primarily shonen) and they've even had non-shonen published before. You can't say that his intent both isn't relevant and is, you are contradicting yourself. Togashi wrote YYH, and famously wasn't able to conclude it how he wanted to, and was very open about writing HxH to be something that he could do whatever he wanted in. Popularity never had anything to do with it. He hated what the editors did to him just to make YYH more popular, and he actively goes against things that are considered "safe." It's just that Jump has him, which is okay, though, since they're giving him complete control and freedom. Also, you are mistaken: plenty of other shonen have extremely dark or deep themes. Take Devilman, one of the most influential shonen of all time. It was way darker than HxH has ever been. Deep? Not so much, but other shonen have the depth. If we can't trust author intent, then can we at least trust the developed and understood stylistic similarities of shonen vs seinen? This is what makes the current arc of HxH a seinen, stylistically, just as much as the fact that it clearly isn't written for teen boys to enjoy or even understand. That's not to say that Seinen are automatically better than Shonen. Some shonen are amazing, and there are Seinen that are shit. I'm saying this before you strawman me by saying that I'm some kind of manga and comic elitist. I'm just trying to help you see the differences in these topics. &gt; btw K-on is seinen targeted for the seinen demographic This kind of just came out of nowhere. O.o Why'd you even mention K-On? &gt;but you won't read this because all of your arguments are about what shit I did in the past which has nothing to do of what we're talking about A) You must have ignored everything I said then B) The content of your character absolutely applies to the reasoning behind your opinions [Now, since you are appearing to have trouble navigating Reddit, here is the comment that you seem to have been ignoring, which includes my main evidence for the arguments that I've been referencing in nearly every single comment I've made](https://www.reddit.com/r/HunterXHunter/comments/84xn3c/hxh_is_no_more_a_shonen_but_a_seinen_and_i_like_it/dvuzvz2/?st=ji5e5gl2&amp;sh=0fb83c1d)
Hey man as long as you're reading manga, you're okay in my book. Now that it's all settled, I appreciate you wishing me luck in life, and I wish you luck as well. I know things got heated, but at the end of the day, we're all people and it's good just to remember that we all die so it's not worth wasting our time arguing. Have a nice rest of the day/night/week/month/etc man! Cheers for real this time
As Alecksander arrived at the clearing, Sern did the opposite; running to the trees. . "It's just like you to run away." Alecksander shook his head. . Sern hid behind some trees, swiftly weaving about the forest any time he changed positions, "Don't go making me like you with all this banter, now! I'll feel bad about killing you, then!" . After shouting, he'd move. Alecksander let his threads spread along the ground as if they were roots. Reaching into his bag, he pulled out threads of various materials. . Needles invisibly moved through the forest, still perpetually attached to Alecksander, "Let me know when to strike." . "Just wait for me to find him," Alecksander answered, "then we'll manipulate him into sewing his life away..." . The Devil's Eye glistened in the fading sunlight. Once it went down, the ground where he stood would no longer be habitable. Not be humans. . "There's still plenty of time left," Alecksander told himself. . Sern was in the canopy, carefully moving so that he didn't shake branches too much or knock any leaves down. One kind of thread wriggling around the trunks was able to make itself sharp enough to cut down the trees like a deforesting garrote. This was the easiest to spot, luckily for Sern, unluckily for Alecksander, as this was the most directly powerful of the materials he had unleashed. However, obvious power was not always truly the most powerful in application. . Alecksander's bag, created with help from various other skilled craftsman and women, including divine scripture sewn into the inside of it by a skilled young lady. Because of this, the bag is able to hold all manor of items, much more than its size would indicate at first glance. Alecksander primarily stored useful tools inside, which could easily become weapons in his hands, as all tools philosophically could by anyone. From tool of creation to tool of destruction, even thread was powerful in the tailor's skilled hands, thanks to his *Pins and Needles* ability. . The true power of his current setup was not in the lethality of any one thread, but in their inherent spacial advantage over traditional movement. This was key, since both fighters knew the gist of each's abilities. Alecksander anticipated Sern's strategy, snaking a second kind of thread up trees, gradually. This kind of thread was nearly imperceptible, but strong as metal. It wouldn't be able to do much except for grab and hold things, though. This would be useful for finding and trapping Sern, ro forcing his movement. While this happened, a third kind of thread, blending with the color palette of the tree bark, yet still easily identified, made a web around Alecksander's viscinity, as both a method of detecting Sern's would-be approach, and as a kind of weak barrier preventing his movements. . Like a spider hunting a fly, Alecksander lied in wait. Needles was a little bored by this approach, but he knew that Sern was more than capable of making things interesting. If it were up to him, Needles would have floated on out into the forest to appear behind Sern with his appendage impaled in the psychotic murderer's chest. But, Sern expected that as well. . Sern's En was not particularly powerful, in the grand scheme of powerful Nen users, however it was still sizable compared to average. In this instance, however, it was not advantageous to use the technique at its maximum potential. Reservation was key, restraint was paramount. Sern knew that Alecksander was particularly intelligent, so he'd have to work around his supposedly fool-proof plans with creative surprises. . Sern kept his En close around him, just enough to be able to sense Needles's approach and atempted attacks. With his exceptional speed, Sern knew he would be able to dodge anything thrown at him, so long as he knew it was there. Alecksander, and by extension, Needles, wouldn't be able to keep up with his physical skills one-to-one. The En was also a detriment, though, as it could potentially trip one of Alecksander's threads by accident. Thus, Sern kept it to a minimum, at just enough distance to avoid attacks from the metal contraption. . The problem with Sern's current predicament, as evident, was in the second kind of thread's approach upward through the trees. It woudl take some time for them to fully climb many of them, but each tree they covered became one less route to move. Eventually, neither ground nor canopy would be free to Sern. This potential reality could be achieved in a matter of minutes with his current inaction. Now, there was a timer to his advance. . Surely, Sern assumed that Alecksander was already working to block off any potential escape options. Alecksander also assumed that Sern would try any manner of tricks to overcome this deadlock. This would be a reality coming true any second. The delicate details of the exchanges would determine which of the two would keep their life, and which one would re-enter nature. . Sern disseminated an aura clone down from the tree through some thread on the ground. Alecksander imediately knew what Sern was attempting, as his prior knowledge of both Sern's abilities and his tactics were unforgettable to him. Needles moved to procure a new vantage point, separate from Alecksander's. The sharp thread picked up the aura, but obviously noticed that Sern hadn't been severed in any way. Plus, it was able to discern between aura and physical contact. . While the clone moved, Sern had placed himself within Zetsu, losing all defenses against the threads in the process. Alecksander expected such a maneuver, predicting where he'd be moving to next. Traditionally, Sern would send his clone off one way, and then move another, to create a distraction. In some instances, he'd use the clone as a shield, as was the case against the likes of Law. That strategy wouldn't be of use here, though, so Alecksander assumed he was moving the opposite direction of the clone, through the trees. . Briefly, Alekcsander and Needles considered the possibility that Sern would use this opportunity to retreat. However, the possibility of that being true was considered by both to be unlikely, given their experience with his personality. Still, even with two different sets of eyes, the pair couldn't quite tell where he was heading within the forest. Ignoring the direction the aura clone had headed, Alecksander focused his attention on the threads wrapping around the trees, forcing them to move more expeditiously in that zone than the one where the aura clone had ran. . Still, the hadn't found which specific tree Sern was currently on, or if he was moving closer or further away. To aid in the location of their enemy, Needles branched off farther into the woods remaining invisible. The tailor prepared the Devil's Eye in the event that Needles would find Sern first, where he could impale Sern's hands with his own metallic limbs and force him to sew his life away. If anything, it might provide a crude instrument for close combat, should it come to that. He cautiously checked to make sure the walls of thread surrounding the opening in the forest were ready for any incoming attempts. . But, without warning, things changed. Not even a sound was made as Sern utilized his speed and expertise to fling himself through the canopy. With one singular strike, he slashed through the thread wall behind Alecksander, flying past the tailor, and slahing his way out the other side. Needles had been too far away to assist, and Alecksander's speed alone was no match for Sern's. It seemed that Alecksander's intellect had betrayed him. . Overthinking the situation, the tailor wasn't able to figure out just what had happened. Sern had moved quickly, and unexpectedly. While both Alecksander and Needles assumed Sern had done as before, he, in reality, had not. Moving just behind and above the aura clone, the hidden Sern dashed through the trees above, knowing that Alecksander was aware of his usual tactics. With Alecksander's thread spread so thin, the ones protecting him weren't as strong as the ones used to wall of Candy back on Cowtip, and with his focus elsewhere, the path Sern took was relatively unobstructed. Then, it was as simple as making sure he was coming out behind Alecksander, and not making any noise upon approach. . Alecksander noticed his clothing ripped. The attack had happened so swiftly that he didn't fully notice that he had been slashed, himself. A small amount of blood oozed out, coming into contact with his palm as he grasped at it, now understanding the gravity of the situation. Needles came flying through, and then after Sern in the direction he had exited the clearing. The cut wasn't very deep, but was extremely clean and precise. Night wasn't coming soon, but there was a new timer, and this one was only for the tailor. . Needles flew out through the second hole Sern had made, as Alecksander repaired the first. Sern, about to land upon the ground where Alecksander's more powerful threads were, and with Needles following him, had to resort to more destructive measures. Having watched the events of the night prior, he understood how best to effectively use the relic. Kassandra had learned to use the relic against Imaginihs, despite its uselessness against such an enemy. In this instance, though, Sern knew just how to utilize it. . The relic attained the familiar glow of sunset as Sern ran his aura through it, focused entirely at the object. Needles trailed behind, witnessing Sern swinging the chunk of metal downward as he was about to land. The trick with the relic was to attempt to bring up your defenses after hitting something, to avoid damaging yourself, since its use required abandoning your defenses in order to charge it. Needles was close as Sern blasted the ground, a large amount of aura flashing somewhere in the cloud of dust that was sprung forth. Then, Zetsu, again. .
Needles continually thought, "If he gives me control of Sern, I can force him to rescind the poison. Just give me control!" . Alecksander shouted back to him, "You know, the end result is going to be the same with me, don't you?" . "Sure, eventually everyone dies." . "Just do me a favor, and let Needles have some fun every now and again." . "You know me, tailor, every second of my life is fun! I promise that Needles will only see good times after this!" . The distance shortened. Sern circled inward, thinking up a new plot. . "You know," He no longer need to raise his voice for Alecksander to hear, "if I die from your ability, and Needles is able to remove the poison, nullifying our deal, then my friend in the sky will make sure to send you two to the afterlife with me." . "Fair enough," Alecksander understood, "to hell with all of us, if we can't work this out." . Sern stopped, knowing full well that Virgil wasn't still waiting for him, and cocked his arm back with all his might, "Well, this thing was fun, but a little bit unfair, to be honest," and threw the relic into the sky, to trick the two into believing that Virgil now held the relic, ready to perform an airstrike of deadly capabilities at a moment's notice. . In reality, the relic was chucked far off, gliding in the wind as the piece of warped metal came back down into the earth far away, sunken into the ground halfway. . "Needles, you need to listen to me, you have to live on. No matter what happened, we both knew that this is where my path would end. But your path doesn't have to end with me and my selfish desires. Your path should continue." . "You mean to tell me that you're going along with this insane plan?" He could feel that familiar helplessness welling up again. . "Consider it my last wish: continue on." Alecksander inhaled painfully, the process becoming more and more difficult, "This is actually the best outcome for the two of us." . Needles didn't speak, "Not for me," was all he could think. . "Okay Virgil, keep a close eye on us," Sern shouted to the empty sky. . "I'm ready," Alecksander informed Sern. . "Doesn't your other half need to agree to this?" He thumbed back at Needles who flew in from the trees after him. . The three were now back in he clearing, Thomas's body now coagulated enough to no longer be leaking. The smell was easily ignored thanks to the wondrous aromas of nature. There could have easily been more bodies here, had things turned out differently. . Slowly Needles came up, thinking everything over, "Is this really what you want to do?" . There was no more hostility. Sern eagerly awaited the next part, wondering how it would feel. . "Yes, this is how it was always going to end." Alecksander pulled his suit out of his bag. . "If that's how it has to be," Needles responded, "then I guess I'm with you." . "Great!" Sern elated. . Alecksander conjured two needles, handing them over to Sern, "Now, insert these into your palms." . "Isn't that how you did the other people in?" . "Right. I'm sorry, I forgot." He corrected it, "For this, you'll only need one, and it will be inserted into your chest, front and center." . He conjured a different needle, and traded Sern for it. . Sern held it out pointing at his chest, "This seems like it will hurt." . "It's going right past your heart and into your spine, into the marrow." . "That sounds like a 'yes' to me." . Alecksander sighed, "It was." He looked up at Sern, "I don't want you doing any more of your reckless destruction i you're taking Needles along, okay?" . "You know something? I think you wanted to lose to me." Sern prepared to stab himself. . "I'll make sure he refrains from his bullshit," Needles assured Alecksander, fearing what the next moment might offer. . "You hear that?" Alecksander smiled, "That doesn't sound like a loss to me." . And then Sern impaled himself with the long, thin needle, carefully piercing into his spine, through to the marrow. An electric signal fired up his spine, and burned its way into his brain. The pain was immense, but died quickly. Alecksander felt something similar, as needles imbedded into his own marrow were being removed throughout his body. He doubled over, already weakened. . Sern helped him up, looking at Needles, "Now I guess we're one and the same." . "We'll never be." Needles retorted. . Alecksander regained his composure, "Easy, Needles. Look," He glanced over himself, "that was easier than I thought." . The tailor and the metal creature then found themselves looking at each other, unable to find the ways in which to communicate the harrowing sorrow that they both felt. Yet, in that moment, it was apparent. They had found the words after all: none. . "And now look how easily I could just leave you to the poison." Sern stepped away. . "Then we all die, as I take your life, sending both of us to the grave after him," Needles seriously answered. . "I was just joking. Jeeze." Sern then cured Alecksander, though he was still weak from it all. . "Now, I'd like to ask you one more thing." Alecksander began, "After I'm done here, can you take me from this forest?" . "Uh, sure." Sern looked over to Needles, his newest appendage. . "We can't let him get eaten," Needles knew what to do. . With the Devil's Eye in hand, Alecksander then sat down with the suit he was working on. Free of the poison, he now had time to work carefully. Though time was still running out, as night was falling, and soon, the beasts would be upon them. Sern and Needles gathered round as if for a show. . Indeed, a spectacle it was. The hands of the tailor danced a graceful ballet through the fabrics, the Devil's Eye a conductor's wand, directing this construction of flesh to be worn and lived in. There was so much to say about what they saw, yet neither Sern nor Needles dared speak a word and risk interrupting this expertly practised display of craftsmanship. Not another tragedy was to befall this day, for at the end of this spectacle, an ascension. . The suit came out finished. To put into words the fine details of the combination of weaves, the stitching techniques used, the fabrics, the ensemble, would undermine the existence of such a thing. As with all things in life, it was an art, a piece to be remembered, a masterpiece. Life, as has been philosophised by long dead wandering minds, has at times been proposed to exist only as a means to bring art into reality, through every life that breathes, everyone an artist to drop into a puddle until the waves reach onward, past their deaths, to form the next puddle. This thought, in itself, was another drop. . Every breath a work of art, Alecksander breathed his last, the Devil's Eye bring his life out, and into the suit. Sern and Needles were graced with this outcome. Most artists put forth their lives to become a part of the public, but not this tailor. It was a profound realization, when Sern came to understand that Alecksander was to be buried in his creation. The only ones to see what would be the finest suit they'd lay eyes on in their lifetimes, would be them, and no one else. It was debatable if Alecksander even saw the finished work, before his being was transformed into this limited legacy. . Needles slowly hovered above Alecksander, his thoughts on his birth coming back, ever repeating. Though he was only the manifestation of so much negativity in the tailor's life, he was now all that remained of Alecksander. Sern could see that this was impossible for Needles to grasp, as it would be for most. For a moment, Sern felt jealous of all those who could feel that pain. . "We need to bury him." Sern finally said. . Outside of the forest, two graves were dug: one for Thomas, and one for Alecksander, wearing his immaculate suit. . As the thoughts of his bith faded, Needles questioned Sern, "Do you think I'll be able to meet Alecksander again?" . Afterlife. It needn't be said. Wishful thinking? Maybe. Even if there is only a void waiting, there is always something after. Even upon the universe swallowing itself as one final ouroboros, there might still be another moment afterward, and it would all have accumulated from ever single minuscule movement, breath, thought, prior to it. . Night had begun swallowing the country again. The beasts within the forest had found themselves lacking a meal. There was a topographical shift, but no corpses, no sustaining materials left behind. The relic had been lost to the wayside. The Devil's Eye in its new home, a grave shared with its last user. . Sern thought, "Maybe the world *could* do without a great tailor, but it lost a great man... We had fun, Alecksander." . Then he looked at Needles again, one who had much deeper a connection with the deceased. Their ties had only just been severed, literally being linked. . Eventually, he realized that he hadn't given an answer to the question, "Meet Alecksander again?" He repeated, unable to come up with anything, "There's no way to know," Needles looked let down by this answer, "but he'll be the dapperest mother fucker around, either way." . [[to be continued...](https://www.reddit.com/r/HxH_OC/comments/8urcis/oc_story_2_chapter_24/?st=jizobd49&amp;sh=8ea87575)]
So, another ridiculously long wait... I'm sorry. At this point though, it's kind of inevitable. I'm currently working two jobs and am trying to be a better boyfriend than I usually am (so count that as a 3rd job, haha, I hope no one ever reads this comment) Anyhow, I don't have a lot of time on my hands at the moment, and a good 1/4th to 1/2 of this chapter was written today. But, I finally got it done, and the wait is over, not that it matters exactly. Pretty soon, I'll have some more free time available again, so hopefully I can get back on track with the previous schedule of releases. I mentioned on discord how I think this is a disappointing chapter, and not just because it should be longer given the wait, but mostly that not a lot of characters showed, and not a lot of progress was made for many of the plot lines, but I needed a lot of room to feel like I did this shit justice. This chapter marks a pretty significant bit of trivia that I'll let you guess on. ;) *** Well, I'm sorry Karnevale, I had to tweak some things here and there, but you did kind of hand me the wheel for this one :3 pleasedon'thurtme The stuff regarding *Pins and Needles* was actually in the OG sheet from the submissions for the first OC Story ~2 years ago now, it's just that those details were kept secret. Since only CBS commented in the fight thread, basically what he said determined the fight. You know, originally, I was hoping it would be a tie, so that I could kill them both off, but let's see where the story goes now. I've adjusted the very rigidly defined (lol) parameters in my head to make room for Sern and Needles as a duo in the grand scheme of things. I should really write some of this down. (oh wait, hahaha) There's also a ton of links to the first OC story in this thread, obviously. And not just because of the characters that *do* appear in this chapter... but that's a part of it. A big part. Regardless, character actions from here onward, if you want to give input, just leave a comment on what you think they'd do. Same as always, basically. *** I feel really good that I finally got this chapter done. I had the first part written before the previous chapter was even finished, so you can imagine my frustration when it then took *this long* to get it done. Oh yeah, a quick word count reveals that this was apparently 10,282 words. Huh, I figured it was less. Ping Party!
/u/RedditDestinyAlt, /u/aamarketer, /u/ZeroDarkFang
/u/Ulixx, /u/radiantfang, /u/ControlledByShalnark
/u/Halt_kun, /u/Kairos__, /u/NoraaTheExploraa
/u/CrushedByUvogin, /u/KnighZeus, u/jakemans24
Yeah, it's no problem, what's important to me is that everyone enjoys the outcome more than the process anyhow. Glad you liked how it turned out and I'd love to know your opinions on things once you catch up fully
&gt; This chapter sure didn't disappointment me for one Very good news! I think I may have low-balled people so they'd go in with low-expectations, but for some reason I was expecting disappointment. &gt;One of the reasons is probably how well you've built it up to be unpredictable. Well, it doesn't get much more unpredictable than me not even being able to predict what'll happen haha &gt;Either way, very interesting outcome, and the dynamic going forward is gonna be interesting I am quite excited about it all actually. I think it should be really fun to write. &gt;I have a feeling you were very serious about killing Sern. Yes. Very. Also yeah, I wasn't thinking they'd have another chance to interact again, so I wanted to work that in. Now, who knows? &gt;I don't remember if Candy knew of that latter one I don't think so, but I may be forgetting a conversation &gt;Speaking of Candy, her assessment of Fizzy is spot-on and I dread her reaction if she were to ever find out about or meet Zero lel. It might be hell for her haha &gt;Ele and Emeralda were in a different part of Anhydrought than Candy and Fizzy's restaurant weren't they? For a second I thought that's the place that they were headed to, but then it hit me that it probably wasn't. Yeah, they're still around where that part of the relic chase ended at. Where they go from there though... actually, it's kinda already laid out. So I can't say too much ;) &gt;Oh, and remind to never do that. :3 You sure about that? Could be fun
No problem. Sorry about the long delay. I still need to check out the updated version!
I'm going to be holding onto this for future reference. It will be very useful, thank you for all your work!
Tank you berry much!
Killing protagonists is so common it's basically a standard writing tool. Especially as a series progresses toward the conclusion, death becomes more common. Killing the primary protagonist(s) is/are even common enough as a story gets closer to the end, that's it's basically impossible to set up a list like that.
We didn't know Netero, Ponzu, or Pokkle since the beginning, and we arguably didn't know Pokkle or Ponzu that well when they were killed. Their deaths were still the most shocking, to me, but in such a long series, only having those deaths of memorable protagonists seems really small, especially since they were mostly supporting cast. I'm not counting Kite because Kite's death was basically undone. Yorknew did a good job of regularly killing off protagonists, though we also didn't know them very well either. ASOIAF is not the end all be all of protagonist deaths. Even in anime and manga, Monster, Gurren Lagann, FMA, various Gundam series, and many others do it quite well. It's tough to say more off the top of my head, since some that I'm thinking of would be spoilery territory. But, it is incredibly common for the main protagonist to die even, in the conclusion, as I mentioned before. This goes back to ancient times. This also wouldn't apply to HxH though. It just shows that it is kinda ridiculous to compose a list of hundreds or thousands of works across different mediums just for the sake of this argument. Also that it would include spoilers for many works. Attack On Titan also kills of protagonists regularly, many of which had turns as the lead, if only for a small arc or two. If you're gonna count Kite's death, then you have to look no further for protag killing than yet another shounen: Dragonball, DBZ. I'd agree with OP that Togashi focuses more on the antagonist deaths than protag deaths, but I think it is an excellent style of writing, and really helps to sympathize with the "villains" while retaining the shock of some protagonist deaths. It's a common complaint, however, that some characters' deaths were either cheapened or avoided completely, when otherwise it seemed like they should have been killed. It lessens the stakes when there's obvious "plot armor." This is not a new criticism of HxH, though. That's been said for some time. Arguably the series that I think not only handles protag deaths the best, but also has it extremely frequently, is LotGH. But, there's also not really many antagonists. The show is mostly protags vs each other.
Sounds like future blindness
That's what I thought. After all, people knew Netero was tops, so declaring he died might raise some eyebrows
Wasn't it that the editors intervened? They wanted something "safer" to keep up with the popularity of DBZ
Not everything in the exam was about violent encounters. Besides, in a 1v1, like the last phase, they said no killing. In a superpowered world, where even non-Nen users were able to perform extreme feats, I don't think it'd be as big of an advantage as you thought. Plus, they'd probably also judge based on actual skill, and test around the benefits of having a firearm.
He also appears in the manga, with Ging standing on his back. Neat little cameo, like Stan Lee!
It's fucking short! (That's what she said) I'm here, I'm doing this, and it's gonna happen. One day or another, it'll conclude. CBU knows why there's so much damn setup in this story. Maybe that's part of why they left? ;) *** Anyways, I find it hard to give a fuck about things, but I'm still doing this. So, let me know if there's anything you want to let me know about. lol Ping Party! Sorry to be a disappointment! :3 It's all I know!
/u/thechickensage, /u/JogingJolt, /u/CallanTS
/u/RedditDestinyAlt, /u/aamarketer, /u/ZeroDarkFang
/u/Karnevale, /u/RememberWolf359, /u/varkarrus
/u/Halt_kun, /u/Kairos__, /u/NoraaTheExploraa
/u/CrushedByUvogin, /u/KnighZeus, u/jakemans24
Don't remember, but it was in both anime versions
&gt; Now I understand what you meant in your comment from before. ;) &gt;They seemed really jaded about the whole declassification report put together by boss lady Minerva going-to-need-Anankechor-soon-because-a-storm-is-brewing-her-way. I guess their experience with all sorts of cases allow them to see through all the BS, no matter how nicely it's packaged. I'm glad they got to - for the most part - relax here, because I'm not sure you're going to let that stand for too long haha. Everyone will get a chance to catch their breath. Just one though hehe &gt;On another note, hoo boy, it's Jerens - the pull-your-pants-up man! Was not expecting him to show up ever again, but it's nice to see a familiar face. Everyone serves multiple purposes ;) Question is if someone's served all their purposes yet... &gt;It's also nice to see that Gabril wasn't offed like I thought he was. I guess the substance that the syringe guy squirted on him wasn't enough to keep him down ( ͡° ͜V ͡°). No context is necessary for that statement. Daaammmnnnn. I didn't realize the innuendos that could be formed from that hahaha &gt;You chose an interesting combination with Mirko and Sern, but I think it works! Their interactions feel natural to me. They're sort of like ying and yang personality-wise, with Mirko being the wholesome one and Sern being - as the monk called him - a "murderer." I wonder what Mirko's reaction was in that moment haha. I kinda sped through that, but Mirko is actually being guided around the grounds outside while Sern was brought in to see the monk. Glad you like their pairing! A lot of times I go for characters that compliment each other, but Sern and Mirko seemed so different that I figured it would be interesting to see their developments juxtaposed against each other. &gt;The highlights on this chapter for me were scenes with Ophiuchus (O-Fish-U-Shoes?) crew and Cell. We get some characterization on Cell through a conversation with Hermione, and it goes to show just how upright/chaste/innocent he is compared to someone like Sern. Especially the candy comment he made later in the chapter. Personality traits like that will definitely win some ladies over; they're into guys like that. If there was a meme so appropriate for that moment, it would be this one. I really enjoyed writing that stuff. The Ophiuchus girls are really fun to deal with, especially with how they treat Janus and Cell. I'm excited to write the next chapter for similar reasons, but I don't want to give away too much :3 &gt;If Blound was here, he'd probably call her "Boob Lady number 2." And yes, number 2, because we all know who "Boob Lady number 1" is. coughGaiacough. I'm glad to hear that Blound is a character you still think of! Especially for a character that hasn't appeared in the second story at all! Also I agree. She'd def be a boob lady to him. &gt;Annnd in classic SausageGuy fashion, we get another cliffhanger in the form of Yuya getting shot and Niori reacting to it. Tehehehe. I can't resist &gt;I'm not falling for it this time like I did with Gabril, however! Trick me once, shame on you; trick me twice, shame on me! :O &gt;I should also talk about the situation that Zero, Candy, and Dahlia have found themselves in. Looks like they're finally making their first foray into the overarching plot, and I'm kind of nervous for them (particularly Dahlia). Rightfully so......... &gt;She's escaped death multiple times now, and she might not be as lucky next time around. In story 1, Kal and Law had a conversation in the CPD station where Kal mentioned, "Sometimes you're the one that makes it home, sometimes you're not." I'll leave it at that &gt;Side note, but I enjoyed the scenes involving Emeralda, Ele, and Libon (featuring Switch/Zeke/whoever-else-was-in-those-scenes) I'm trying to do my best with Switch's different personalities/names, but if it ever gets confusing, just let me know and I'll write a chunk in a future chapter trying to help clear it up some more. &gt;He isn't as amiable as Ksaksa that's for sure. Def not. But you'd have to wonder if Ksaksa would turn out that way if Thazath was killed instead... Either way, Libon's got a knack for the company he keeps hahaha
It's part of the "horror" aspect of this story XD Also your first comment was auto-modded out for some reason. I really have no idea how or when it decides to do that, just thought I'd let you know in case you were wondering what happened to your comment for a second.
Gon is shown with the long hair after his body reverts back to "normal" when Killua is carrying him, remember? So, sometime after that, likely when he was placed in the hospital, his hair was cut. People are often shaved before being operated on, so it's not a stretch to assume that someone determined the hair was so long it might get in the way and trimmed it back, likely asking people who knew him first.
More like: !RedditSilva amiright
I don't think "fleshed out" is the right term you're going for. If it wasn't as fleshed out, a lot of things would seem random or rushed. I think you mean to say that it is too complex or massive for its own good, which is a common complaint.
&gt; Where else do I go with Manilla Road? Everywhere. But seriously, my favorites of theirs are all the 80s albums before Roadkill, and I think that's a good starting place. Just bounce around in there and then move on after you've heard all those.
&gt; The Deluge Doesn't get enough love. The drumming on that especially always stands out to me
&gt; That ending is pretty ominous, I'm curious as to its implications. Soon enough haha. Well, not that soon. &gt;It seems like Minvera is becoming everyone's direct enemy one way or another. Such is the way of politics, I feel. &gt;She's gained unprecedented power but I still get the feeling she's still a pawn in the grand scheme of things. :3 &gt;That marketer character is such a cartoon. Ksaksa was a comic relief in his own weird way, so I guess with him gone it opens up room for characters like her and Switch to add that to the tone of the story. I def had to get Ksaksa out of the way. I was spending too much time with him. &gt;I'll admit it took a while, and this shows in my comments or lackthereof throughout this I guess, but the Ophiuchus girls started to grow on me. It's a pretty tense cliffhanger we were left with there. I'd like to be as optimistic as radiantfang, but "lifeless echo" is a pretty clear way of phrasing Yuya's condition. There's been stuff I've been meaning to do with their whole group for some time, but you know how that can be. It takes time to set up the situation, and there's so many moving parts that every step has to have an impact on everything else. I had to refer back to their sheets, which I had to hunt down first, several times throughout this chapter because I wasn't sure if I was staying in-character with them or following their abilities correctly since it's been so damn long. &gt;They'll forever be the SMURF goddammit. The most fitting, considering they probably wear traditional blue uniforms haha. &gt;It's been quite the ride, this story started off like Mad Max mixed with a political thriller and hasn't disappointed since. Glad to hear that! As I write, there's so many things swirling in my head that I can't help but wonder if anything is coming off as consistent at all throughout. &gt;There's not much for me to add except expressing my anticipation for the next chapter. I can't wait to see how this arc of the story plays out. Probably with some juicy revelations. And death. Plenty of death. No comment, tehehehehe ;3
Yeah, forcing a romantic plot in is usually a sign of a weak story.
Most shonen have prominent romance elements, though.
And pairing and eventually becoming a couple. DB, DBZ, FMA (2003 and Brotherhood), One Piece, Yu Yu Hakusho, Inuyasha, Rurouni Kenshin, various Gundam series, Naruto, even Attack on Titan, all have prominent romances, to name popular examples. Crushes, flirting, and teasing would still count, also. But most go with the will-they-won't-they approach to draw it out, and many end with some kind of acknowledgment of their feelings. Also that many shonen have it with a lot of the side cast.
Which dub, the 99 dub, or the 2011 dub? IMO the best casting in the 2011 dub is Hisoka. I still prefer Silva in the 99 dub, and some other castings, too. Can't stand 99 original Hisoka, though. That was one where the dub was a step up, imo. The original casting for most of the 99 one was great too, and the original casting of 2011 was perfect unless I'm forgetting specific examples. I haven't decided which Chrollo I like best. It's tough to pick
Hisoka's 2011 dub voice is my favorite out of 99/2011 sub/dub versions.
For a while, it was the only one people referred to when they mentioned the dub. Guess time flies. The 2011 dub is still pretty recent and still airing on Toonami, so if you're watching now, be aware that you'll probably catch up to it soon.
I used to think that Diamond Head was a band of King Diamond. I was like, "Wow, he did Diamond Head and Mercyful Fate at the same time! That's impressive." To be young again. Or just drunk
Holy shit. The lineup on this album is going to be epic. Hope I'm not going in with too high of expectations.
Oh yeah, the sub's great! Dunno if it matters, but if you're wondering, the dub is up to ep 124 now. Glad to hear you enjoyed it even with switching. I know sometimes making the jump in the middle of the show can be pretty jarring.
Be sure to watch the OVAs, because the main 99 series cuts off in the middle of the Yorknew Arc and then continues in the OVAs through Greed Island. As mentioned before, there's a lot I prefer in the 99 version, and a lot of that is in the Yorknew Arc, so def make sure to check it out there.
Pacing for some arcs was about the same. Also, the Heaven's Arena arc is actually less episodes in the 99 version, IIRC.
Also that 2011 version leaves out some details here and there for some reason. Most aren't major, but they add up. And the more kid-friendly artstyle and tone of 2011 was kind of a shock for me coming from the manga and 99 version when I first watched the new one.
One reason the 99 version of the Hunter Exam is better
There's a small one in Greed Island where Killua asks Gon how he always wins at Rock/Paper/Scissors, and Gon tells him. Then Killua wins the card. It's great because before that, Gon always won, if you pay attention throughout, and after that, he doesn't. It also plays into Gon's hatsu. It happens early on in the arc, since the rock/paper/scissors tournament is for one of the first cards they get. There's a actually a lot of moments like that in Greed Island, like when they face the group of guys that steals their cards and they try out different ways of interacting with the cards and books that help flesh out the rules of the world. I would say the 99 OVA version of Greed Island would be better because the 2011 version cuts out lots of small details like that, but the GI ova for the 99 anime was low budget compared to the anime and the Yorknew OVAs, so the animation took a step down. There's loads of stuff left out early on, but you seem to already be aware of the major things. It's best just to read the manga, honestly. It's really good and you can still listen to the OSTs while you read. I like to mix the OSTs of the 99 and 2011 anime adaptations so it feels like the ultimate HxH experience haha.
Must have been Gon and Hisoka's fight, and maybe Kastro and Hisoka's as well. I'd have to rewatch the 99 version for a more direct comparison. &amp;#x200B; Glad I wasn't misremembering though, thank you!
It's an Adult Swim/Toonami thing. They always have a marathon of a show for holidays. I'm not sure if they're just taking Christmas off or both this year though. Max Mittleman hasn't really been in that much by VA standards. He's also only really been doing it for the past few years. Saitama was pretty much his break out role. It actually took me some time to get used to Gon's VA, since she was also the lead in Kill La Kill. It was kind of a funny transition for me, especially anytime Gon said, "dad." I also think it's awesome we have Saitama as Meruem and Genos as Colt haha
Not as much as the 2011 version though. The Hunter Exam isn't really censored a whole lot in the 99 version. The biggest difference in the 99 anime is that they added the island phase into the exam. But they have the full sushi section which was cut, and don't censor Killua or the guy's backstory like in the 2011 version. A lot of Hisoka's actions and the trouble Gon goes through are a lot closer to what is in the manga as well.
In 2011 yeah. Especially Killua vs Johness. His whole backstory was cut, too. 99 didn't censor that at all. Every death was censored in 2011, but not in 99. 99 did still censor some things, like Hisoka vs the examiner, but it was also less censored for the stuff that happened to Gon. &amp;#x200B; The censoring in 2011 was especially jarring in the beginning of the exam where somehow Hisoka turns the guy's arms into flower pedals, which wasn't in the manga and doesn't make much sense in-universe.
Or at least one of the episodes. but, idk, I'm drunk atm
I went this route also. Facebook tends to place file size limits as well
Isn't this technically a remix of Aphex Twin's "Come to Daddy"? Even if it's just a response/inspired by, I want to hear the two mashed up. Especially with a glitched out reworking of the original video set to this. Also really miss this gritty, dirty style of breakcore. Almost everything I see now is either in the drill n bass vein or lolicore.
&gt; Wish this place didn't allow this shit. My exact reaction to your comment
I made it official haha
Personally, I would hit peak Venetian Snares, early Igorrr, and almost all of Ruby My Dear, as well as a bunch of Bong-Ra, Enduser, and a handful of stuff by Shitmat, Doormouse, I;Gor, and maybe Nero's Day at Disneyland. Also depending on the kind of stuff you're into, you might want to also check out some Aphex Twin and Squarepusher, as well as other IDM essentials. I'm just speaking on my personal stuff. I listen to a lot of extreme metal, which seems like might be your case as well, and those are my go-to breakcore artists usually. You might enjoy some SATAN stuff as well, which tends to mix metal into the breakcore like Igorrr usually does and Bong-Ra sometimes does. You might also enjoy some VOODOOM as well. Cheers either way! I'm always happy to see other people get into breakcore. It's a super underrated genre, in my opinion.
No prob! I love talking music. If you ever want to talk extreme metal, I'm all for it too! Hope you find lots of stuff you enjoy! Cheers!
Best and most impactful in *industry history*, too. Not just in the course of its show.
&gt;how do i make my sounds louder I've got a mixing tip for you: don't. Make it clear and dynamic and people will turn it up loud for you. A big reason a lot of mixes sound bad or stale is the "loudness war" of which breakcore is not immune. You want each element to cut clear in the mix? I suggest using a decent EQ. I'd personally recommend avoiding compressors whenever you can and focus on EQing first. Proper EQing means that things won't get buried in the mix. Typically, even with 100+ layers in a song, I'll have an EQ on each one, maybe a compressor afterword (depending on the type of track, like a quiet audio sample, for instance, that I want to flatten out a bit) and I end almost every instrument track with a limiter, no matter how dirty/gnarly/raw it sounds or I want it to sound. Then I usually bus multiple tracks together, usually just for quality of life/house keeping/organization, and this tends to be where I do sidechaining (which I almost never do) and usually some more processing. Each bus is always passed through yet another limiter before going to the master. I try and get each track's volume in place before the bus, but sometimes a bus will need to be toned down a little bit depending on the processing order. It might sound complicated, but it really isn't. Most of the time, it's adding another 15-30 seconds onto something I'm working on here and there. I'm writing a piano portion, part of that process will be me dialing in the EQ to a certain swath, and the limiter is as simple as adding it on. I place my breaks onto a track, I loop the playback and dial in the EQ quickly, and then I get to cutting. Sometimes I'll automate an EQ band's frequency, or whatever, depending on how the glitches might end up sounding, but even that's just a quick 30 second task in the middle of cutting up the sample. Plus, with the limiter at the end, that usually reigns in any sample&amp;hold type of manual glitches I do. *** To explain it all with an example: I'll have several breaks, mostly all processed differently. Some breaks are really compressed, some are gated, some are distorted/reverbed/etc. I'll layout a basic rhythm with each break on its own track, maybe bounce it down to cut it up some more. But each layer has its own limiter. On top of this, I'll have a more manual drum layer on top. Maybe an 808 kick and an acoustic snare with some found sounds as hihats. The breaks will all be EQed differently on their own, and they'll all be layered over the other drums. The drums will be split into kick, snare, and hihats in this instance. Each track of that will be EQed according to the type of drum hit. Hihats will be high-passed, maybe saturated in the high mids. Kicks will be scooped a little in the mids maybe, might roll off the subs if there is a powerful sub bass synth I'm using (I'd do the same with the breaks), maybe boost the highs a tiny bit to give it a little "click." Snare might just be cutting out most of the bass, dialing in a notch in the mids, rolling off some highs, or just dialing them back a little. Each with its own limiter. Then those drums go off to their own bus with an EQ pulling back some frequencies on the drums as a whole to try and gt it to play with the melodics and the breaks. (If there's vox I add an extra step to the end of this all) Meanwhile, the breaks all go to the same bus as well. That chaotic mess is getting processed as a whole, too. EQ making sure that it's frequency spectrum isn't overlapping too much with the other drums, vox, melodic stuff, bass, etc. Because things sound quieter when they are overlapping frequencies with something else. They bleed together, and this is also where "mud" comes from. That bus is sometimes where I dial in the bass of the breaks as well. Melody stuff is usually all eventually bussed down into one or two different busses depending on the track, and all EQed differently to the drums obviously so they don't clash. And then it's just a matter of getting the volume levels of each bus to play right and it's all limited down to that set level, so the master bus doesn't need to be touched. (Which you really shouldn't except a just-in-case limiter so you don't accidentally blow your speakers when you're fiddling around, or to catch a random freq spike when everything is layered over each other) *** So, if it seems like a lot, it's basically a condensed version of audio engineering and mixing combined. But it's really a couple of really small things sprinkled throughout the rest of the producing process that adds up to a big difference in the end. And, the funny thing is that your track as a whole will sound much louder than it would have before, despite not actually being any louder. I still recommend playing with dynamics to make things "feel" louder by comparison, but there's nothing necessarily wrong with then taking all this and bumping it up to the redline so that it not only sounds loud, but is loud. If you're doing that in the "mastering" stage, which I wouldn't, you should avoid squashing it all with a compressor to make that waveform a solid block of loudness, because that actually damages the transients and changes the way your track sounds, often taking the life out of drums. (Which I don't think I need to mention might not be a good idea with breakcore) Instead, just bump up the master level into a master limiter until it is consistently hitting the point you want. The limiter is just there to avoid clipping, really. Another neat trick is EQing the track as a whole (on the master) and eliminating frequencies that aren't used at all in the track. For example, if you pull a song you just slapped together into Audacity and put a low pass at an extremely high frequency to roll off inaudible sounds as a whole, you'll notice the waveform changes slightly. It might even get a little fatter. Either way, you'll find that the track might sound a little louder or clearer. you can even bump the level up after that if the levels dip a little because of that. The way this works is that the inaudible stuff (so long as your track doesn't play with them) in the super-high registry still carries information. Without that, your ears can focus better on the audible spectrum, and your hardware/software won't also be triggered by their existence. Meaning that you might wind up with more headroom in the end. I'm rambling. *** Tl;Dr, a good mix will always sound louder, and the trick should be dialing in your sounds with an EQ. If you're wondering what this might look like, I've explained above. As for why breakcore producers don't do it? Well, it's like any genre: not everyone knows and not everyone cares. Some that know don't care, and those that don't know might not even notice. Cheers
Woo, if you understand everything there, then you should be good! I guess the biggest thing I would suggest is to practice EQing, like you mentioned. Things like boosting 2.5k (vocal range) to make something in the front-and-center space maybe isn't a good idea, but cutting everything but the few instruments you want in that space does a lot! Scooping 2-3db out of 2.5k in a parametric EQ on the entire drum bus, for instance, is basically something I do on everything, from breakcore, to metal, to hiphop. Not scooping that range on the lead melodic stuff is how I keep things up front. Pads usually get a wide-Q scoop of anywhere from 1.5-4.5+ db reduced in the 2.5k range. Basically, instead of boosting anything that you want to highlight, scoop that range out of everything else and it will cut through the mix better. *** I suppose the biggest thing is just knowing what frequencies to look for. With noisey stuff there's the trick you probably know to boost a band and sweep the frequency until you identify the range that is hissing or being too noisey, and then just reduce that by 3+db. I generally don't reduce any frequencies by more than 3, but sometimes do 4.5 or 6db reductions. And a lot of times I will cut a specific freq entirely, and that's not to say I don't use high-pass or low-pass filters (or band-pass sometimes) It's really just about making sure everything has its own primary space to occupy. Things can overlap, but generally, overlapping too much in bass range=muddy. Too much in high range=harsh or noisey. Too much in the vocal range (or higher mids) can sound too busy. Another tip I would say is that the "punch" of a lot of drums tends to be around 100-150hz. You can usually get away with a boost in this range on the kicks, and sometimes even a snare, if it has a high enough attack (if not you can just manually fade it out and resample it) Feel free to use this comment as reference as well. Reducing the same frequency you boosted on that kick from your bass sounds will make your kick+bass combo hit harder as well. I don't really have any other immediate guideline info since most of it just depends on the song and feeling it out, but I also tend to roll off anything below about 4k hz for hihats unless they're crashes that I really want to sound full or whatever. Or it's industrial and rules don't apply lol. I'm just trying to brain vomit anything else I can think of for you to reference. Don't reverb bass stuff, or if you do, frequency split the signal and only reverb the mids/highs. Or double track it, reverb the one copy, but then high pass it till it sounds alright. Just because of the mud thing. Reverbs basically drag tones out and layer it over itself a bunch. Bass ranges tend to be better as clear as possible. Too much layered at once and it just sounds muddy. Sometimes you want that though. *** I guess that's it for now. I'm just happy anytime I see people who seem to have an appreciation for mixing get into it more. It sounds like you're doing just great already. If it sounds good to you, that's really all you can ask, right? If you don't have nice headphones, just trying it out on as many different speaker types as possible is a good bet. You've probably heard that one before. I generally do my laptop speakers, some kind of in-ear headphones (the cheaper the better!), my main mixing speakers, my main mixing headphones, and my car speakers. It can take a bit to do that, especially with exporting a copy of the file just to test out and listen to a bunch of times, but it can be worth it to catch somethings. Like maybe the bass feels nice and warm on headphones, but in your car it's overpowering, and on your laptop it's almost non-existent. Sometimes there's not much you can do about it, which is why I try and do that early. In those cases, I'll just either recolor the bass a little to give it some low-mid presence, or through more elements on top, so that the people without the bass still have something to listen too hahaha. Here's some frequency reference charts that I just found that are pretty similar to the ones I used to help make my own "profiles" that are essential, in my opinion. They'll help you to find the freqs you're looking for in most situations. Eventually you'll kinda get a feel for what sounds occupy which areas. https://www.samplecraze.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2017/10/frequency-table.jpg http://blog.shure.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/FreqChart-VocalInst.png https://edm.com/.image/t_share/MTUzMjc4MDUxNDQwOTI4Mjgz/tuning-frequency.jpg Really any guitar tuning chart that looks like the last one will be of major help as well. Cheers again! If you ever have any questions, feel free to ask me!
Bwah shucks. Thank you though! You're part of what makes it that way!
Awesome dudes that deserve all the love. All the love. Fun facts: The lead vocalist for the avant garde metal band Yakuza also does background vocals, and is the one that plays the saxophone in any of their songs that feature it (there's quite a few) Yakuza also kicks ass! Also Travis Ryan of Cattle Decapitation has provided additional vocals to almost every Cephalic Carnage release.
There's a youtube video of the freestyles synced to Samurai Champloo that's just orgasmic. DC's freestyles were seriously top notch. Pretty much the whole thing was
One of the most beloved manga/anime off all time, and this is what happens
Sometimes not even within a week
Lumping HxH in with BC and Naruto is hilariously uninformed. Clearly you know nothing about it, which makes sense why you skip it
I mean, it's pretty famously subversive of shounen, some arguing that there's arcs where it isn't even shounen at all. Going through and listing all the reasons could take a while, but if you want a wall of text, I could provide you one just listing all the ways it stands out. Most of the time, you just watch it and see for yourself, but you claim to have already watched a few random episodes here and there, which probably isn't the best way to sample a long running show with a continuous story anyhow, tbh
Wait, so, by those numbers, you were watching the Yorknew Arc and thought that? Even in the exam arc, it defies a lot of shounen conventions. There's amazing stuff all throughout &gt;but cute little kid who is a badass assassin That's hilarious &gt;main character who is a happy go lucky kid who eats a bunch of food seems super shonen. He doesn't eat a lot, and he's hardly happy go lucky. But I guess if you didn't watch the show you might think that at a glance.
Not really. It's early on in Travis Ryan's iconic "non-harsh" "singing" voice. The one that's prominent in the next two albums. IMO, it's a pretty unique sound that no one really does. Anaal Nathrakh included.
There's just something about 90's melodeath that is so addicting
Damn, I didn't really know who I wanted to win in the Nomia vs Tetra fight
Heyyo!
Did you flip a coin? That would be awesome if you did
I just wondered cuz it's something I always wanted to do (and plan to eventually do haha)
Ooh, that would be cool. Also, I feel you on the anxiety bit when writing. I know all too well how that can be haha
OVAs are mostly a different licensing agreement
That's definitely not Blue Gender. Blue Gender has full sized mechs fighting monsters in a sci-fi action-horror type of setting.
Killua likely didn't turn out as messed up because he wasn't the first born. First borns tend to get it pretty rough, and Kikyo is beyond insane as well
Hahahahahaha, no... well... maybe now
Turned into a grape, leaving wine on them sheets
They have enough for 12 eps, but it wouldn't be a good place to end it. They're likely waiting for the end of the current arc in the manga to make a new season of just that
The rewards of being honest
I don't know but it isn't doing them any favors, that's for sure
That sounds like standard Super animation to me lol
This actually barely shows off the block as a whole. Only one TPN and one HxH clip, no action scenes from JoJo or HxH, and IIRC nothing from Boruto at all aside from a voice clip. It's just Naruto, AoT, SAO, MHA, and Super. Not that it's bad, but it would have been nice to show off the whole block properly, and not just focusing on half of it.
Yep, unless they are able to improve their dubbing time before then, that's the most likely time frame.
"Quit talking about it!" . Gabril Ghiozzi sat on the cold stone stairs in front of a government building. . "Talking about what?" . He was overhearing a conversation between two people passing by on their way to a restaurant for their lunch break. . "Your new car!" . "But I'm excited about it! Hold on, let me finish my coffee so I can toss it in this can here before we go." . Gabril was running into the same problems he had found in Auxilium. He had been in North Anhydrought City long enough for his tan to fade, so he was far from surprised. As he had assumed, the sister cities were more alike than they were different. The ones on the streets did their crimes and either died or were arrested, given enough time. The ones in the highest floors of the tallest buildings did their crimes and either were rewarded or retired peacefully. . There was no particular reason why Gabril had chosen these stairs. The building represented the class of people beyond his reach as a Crime Hunter, sure, but so did every other building. As he sat with his fingers stuck in his wavy blonde hair, he looked almost like a statue that had been installed on the steps as part of a "cultural improvement" project. Just another way to prop up budgetary spending so they could request more the next year. But Gabril, despite being still, wasn't just a waste of resources. Though he couldn't help but feel as though he'd wasted his greatest resource in coming to this city: the resource of time. . "Hurry up with that damn coffee." . "You ever try chugging coffee?" . Gabril didn't look at them. He just listened to their oblivious conversation. They were a part of the city life, here. Yet, they were also victims of it. How much of their lives were controlled and wasted by their employers? How much time stolen by those who valued theirs so dearly? Yet they walked the same streets as the drug dealers and gun runners. Their lives could end in minutes, and the ones up top would stamp on through another head of cattle to fulfill the same position: working to ensure that the bosses could continue eating raw fish at exclusive restaurants and day drinking in elaborate cabins overlooking vast fields of picturesque landscapes. . "Hello there." . Gabril took his hand down, ceasing his thoughts and allowing him to see. . The man had decided to sit next to him, setting down his briefcase a step below their makeshift bench, "You don't look like a business man." . Gabril looked at him, taking note of the medium-priced suit and the odd air about the man, "Neither do you, honestly." Then Gabril looked away and spit through the gap in his teeth, a few steps below them. . "That scar on your right ear. Are you a fighter?" . "I was a soldier. The name's Gabril," He shook the other man's hand. . "You can call me Mr. Gruber." . The lie was so convincing that Gabril hadn't noticed it. There had been no reason to expect one, no discernible benefit in a conversation between strangers. As if this had been one. . "That coffee making you shit yourself yet?" . He dropped the coffee cup from his mouth, "I actually herd a crazy story recently." . "About shitting?" . "Yeah." . Gabril was trying to read the man next to him, "Do I know you?" . "Maybe. It's possible that we've indirectly interacted before. Who really knows in life?" . "Yeah," Gabril looked blankly at the two businessmen standing by the garbage can, "that's certainly true." . The one with the coffee cup in his hand said to the other, "I guess some hikers found a guy covered in shit in the woods. Head to toe." . "No way. You're full of the same shit you're spewing. Then some hikers will find *me* covered in it," The other had glasses with a distinctive, bright-green frame. . "Rumor has it some old lady took the guy in." . "Why the hell would she do that?" The guy with the green glasses was in competely, physical disbelief. . "Supposedly she lost her son a while back, and identified him when he was brought to the nearest medical center." . He looked around at anyone overhearing, not noticing Gabril, "That's so much bull that *my* stomach's gonna get upset." . "Here's the best part, though," He took another gulp of his coffee, "now the locals say they keep hearing screams coming from her cabin." . "That's it? You gotta do better than that!" . "I swear it's the truth!" He went back to his coffee. . The suited man said to Gabril from the side, "All that for a cheap horror story?" . Gabril absently observed, "People need stuff like that to distract them from the real horror stories." . "Like what?" . Gabril turned to the man. "Mr. Gruber" was a name he'd given before. His tie was perfectly middle-of-the-road. His hair was messy and dark. He didn't look like a real businessman, but Gabril didn't expect much from him. He didn't know who Cojot Kutikh was. . "Here's one," Gabril eventually began, "everyone's lives are limited to a specificly narrow set of freedoms by people, just ordinary people, who were in the right place at the right time. Those people are the ones who are most aware of the problems, and are the ones that are most capable of fixing it, yet they don't. You know why?" . "I do." . "Because then they wouldn't be on top anymore." . Cojot waited a moment before responding, "You're looking at things the wrong way. They're not the enemy." . Gabril wrinkled his brow. The two low-level businessmen finally went about their day and made it to their lunch time reservation. . "All those people in charge are just victims of the circumstances, too. But they're taking advantage of what they can to profit from it. You know why?" Cojot parroted Gabril's question, but didn't let him answer, for he knew that Gabril did not know it, "Safety. Confidence. Security. They're really all the same thing. You can lose everything you have in the blink of an eye, yet these people keep amassing more. They think they can prevent that from happening. They think that if they have enough, they'll never have to worry about losing it all. They think that it will guarantee that their children won't have to worry about losing it all." . Gabril was beginning to wonder what "Mr. Gruber" did for a career. . Cojot was eager to share the next part, "But there's nothing that can really save them. It always ends, and rarely well for those people and their families. They're victims of the arbitrary rules that a bunch of inexperienced civilians decided upon far longer ago than they had amassed their wealth. Rules made by people without the foresight to keep anything in balance. It's not exactly their fault that they lacked the intellect. All people did, if you go far back enough. Don't you see? All the enemies are dead, and the real cause of what is wrong is an abstraction: a bunch of words that people follow on good faith, because no one knows any better, and they're afraid an alternative could be worse." . "Most people don't even know there's a problem." . "Or that things could be better. They don't want things to be better. They just want to ignore their problems and resort to chemical sensations of love and pleasure and satisfaction." Cojot had his hands wrapped in a menagerie of strings, all raining down upon hordes of marionettes. . And Gabril was his newest acquisition, "You talk like you know of a better alternative." . Cojot stood up, "Maybe I do, maybe I don't. I have a feeling that *you* know of a better alternative as well." . Gabril stood up. . "And that's the problem. No one will ever agree on what is better than what we have." . "What is it that you *do*, Mr. Gruber?" Gabril finally asked. . Cojot smirked, "I keep those at the top in check, and I look for ways to change the rules." . "What for?" . "Why would anyone do it?" . "For profit," Gabril thought, then said, "You won't like my answer." . "Here's my card." Cojot handed him a card with a fake name, but a real contact number routed directly to a disposable phone. . Gabril took it, "And what am I supposed to do with this?" . "When you're stuck again, give me a call. Till then, you might be experiencing a lucky break soon enough." . Gabril didn't say another word till Cojot had gone, then pocketed the card, "A conmen among conmen," he declared. . The name on the card read, "Jaune Gruber," and Gabril was intending to do some research on just who he was. . \*\*\*\*\* .
At about five and-a-half feet tall, Forde was able to sneak through a disused window with ease. While researching Body's Crew, Forde had managed to gleam enough information from locals about places where notable figures in the organization seemed to congregate up until as recently as a year prior. This was one such location. The problem was that it was currently an upstart dental office which was conspicuously locked up and closed down throughout the day. Some minor inspection revealed that the owner and primary dentist had gone on vacation, which was marked on a large calendar fixed to one of the main walls. . As far as Forde could tell, there was no security system in place. This was likely a hold-out from the time where it was a business owned and run by Body. Nothing more than a front. Anything of value was taken with when they either upgraded or ran, selling it off to the first person that wanted it. Now this dentist, striking out on his own with his own care facility, had everything he wanted, not knowing the history of the very ground he stood on. . But none of that mattered. Now Forde was in, and the small-time nature of the dentist's office worked to his advantage. With no one around, it meant he wouldn't be interrupted. Though it might have been easier to simply walk in and use the bathroom to activate his ability, this would be a much smoother experience overall. That is, unless someone were to enter at this time. . "Time for me to use **Unearth**." . Forde stood in the middle of the largest room: the waiting room. Then, he let his aura seep downward into the floor and begin permeating through the foundation and into the clay and dirt around even that. After fifteen minutes, his ability had spread throughout the ground beneath the block. As it resided there, it gathered information about the winds, pressure changes, and vibrations. As these facets were combined and reshaped, the Hatsu was able to effectively discern voices, movement, and the weather. But this plethora of detail was information in its rawest, unfiltered form, nearly unfathomable to a normal human. . This went on for a few hours. The sun had began in its morning routine as Forde had begun his own ritual. At this point, it was now straight overhead, reducing the shadows to miniature replicas. Forde was standing almost completely still, recording the history of this place using his given Hatsu. One of the key tools of the Librarian trade. . There was a noise near the front door. Forde, deciding that this recording was adequate, left without investigating further, activating his **Record** ability. Luckily, whomever was peeping around, perhaps checking up on the place at the owner's request for periodic maintenance, didn't notice the window which Forde had used for entry. He didn't stick around to see exactly who was arriving. . "Alright, now for the next step," Forde said to himself, having escaped a few blocks down to an intersection of alleys filled with dumpsters and puddles of urine fused with alcohol and spit. . With **Record** transcribing the raw information uncovered by **Unearth** from aura into proper data onto the scroll on Forde's back, another "tool of the trade" was needed to organize said information into usable chunks. This was where Forde's final ability, **Reorder**, came into play. As he stood in the alley, surrounded by urban refuse, Forde opened the scroll that was on his back, and began reading it. With the Nen-ink still wet, he began transferring information to much smaller scrolls, organized by relevance to a particular topic. . The sun crept across the sky. The temperature changed. People stumbled past him, just another odd sight in another odd alley. Then, Forde finished. . "All that's left to do now is to read them." Then he gathered up his scrolls, which only he and other Librarians, including the Seeker, or anyone with the Seeker's key, could read. . Much of the information was mundane at best. Some hinted as to vague criminal activity, but nothing substantial that Forde couldn't have already presumed. Somewhere in the third scroll was a collection of seemingly one-way conversations, most being telephone calls. Judging by a few of the calls, one of the most frequent recipients around this time would be none other than an employee of a shipping company in Maremortuus. Someone left unnamed, just like the company. But enough details existed to infer the most important details. Body's crew were in contact with, and coordinated with a Maremortuus shipping company of some kind. . The implications in this were as vast and far reaching as the shipping routes beginning and ending with the Maremortuus docks. Forde's fascination with this was not insignificant. However, he wondered just what the Order would do with this information. True, they simply wanted to record the details of many happenings in the world. But why choose the drug crisis in North Anhydrought City? And if they held information that was relevant to the situation, would they do anything to better the world? Forde realized that law enforcement likely wasn't aware of his discovery, but was enthralled with this conundrum. He felt obligated to society to pass this information on to the public, but was duty-bound by the Order, as a Librarian, to give this information to them. Due to the hidden nature of the Order, if Forde were to act on this information for the betterment of the public, he'd likely anger the Order. But, if he passed the information on to the Order alone, they'd likely do nothing with it, simply committing it to historical record. . As his ability had been able to pick up the vibrations of sound to determine the speaking and position of people within the area, it also picked up the vibrations of sound as the phone was dialed. With each pitch correlating to a specific numbered button, the records were able to show just what number had been dialed to contact the shipping company employee in Maremortuus. With this specific detail, there was much that Forde could do on his own. But this didn't immediately solve his conundrum. . "Maybe I can see how much further I can take this, in the name of acquiring an account of history, before making a decision on what to do with this information," Forde said to himself, looking over his scrolls. . With that in mind, he hurriedly found a pay-phone and dialed the number. As the phone rang, he realized that there was no going back. If he were to displease the Order, he might lose his status as a Librarian. . "That might not be so bad..." . The phone kept ringing, meaning it wasn't disconnected. After what felt like a great deal of time, it went to machine without any ceremony. For a moment, Forde was silent, then hung up. Forde hadn't used his own phone, in the event that the number would be traced. However, with this turn of events, he'd effectively hit a wall in his search. . Across the country, though, this action hadn't gone unnoticed. One of the agents tasked with monitoring the shipping yards in Maremortuus was currently overlooking a log of communications to and from the area. After being forced to leave the yard itself due to a supposed NIB invstigation, he'd returned to his book indefinitely. When the log updated, his attention was jolted away from the reccounts of the Great War again. Staring at his monitor, he decided that it wasn't anything important, but was surprised to see that there was any phone line still functioning. Delaying his report of this till later, he returned to his book. . Now at OP Schenkopp, while Corporal Hughes still being treated, First Platoon, Squad One of D Company was rendered less combat effective than Squad Two, which was now given the point position in their next combat endeavor. While each squad's Sergeant was helping to settle any confusion over the unloading of gear, Lieutenants Dom Summers, Lou Lexington, and Aubin McGraw were meeting with D Company's Captain Butch Flowers. The seriousness of the look on Butch's face indicated to Dom and Lou immediately the uncertainty of the situation, despite this being an obvious potential hit to Company morale. Aubin didn't seem to notice. .
"We really should have the Squad Sergeants here with us, but time is of the essence and they still need to organize their men accordingly." Butch kept as calm as he could, spreading out a map on a table in a room set aside for the officers of F and D Companies, "As you may have guessed, the line at the front is not entirely secure. Clearly there are small groups of enemy soldiers breaking through." . Lou eyed the map from where he stood, carefully studying and memorizing the roads and tracings. The skyborne airships that did manage to stay on course and relay their mappings had done an adequate job of updating the landborne forces. Now, however, they were mostly delegated to providing support, with their mounted grenade launchers being used for a type of arched airstrike, should they be needed. After losing a division of skyborne airships earlier, there was great concern over "wastefulness" during the conflict, and the higher ups interpreted this to mean that the skyborne and their expensive airships should be coveted, not used. . So Captain Flowers grabbed a marker and began drawing on the map, "Unfortunately, we weren't able to utilize any skyborne mapping to confirm this ahead of time, but it seems evidently clear now that there are roads here," He traced a squiggly line on one side of OP Schenkopp, down from the front-lines to Wenli Beach, "and here," and another on the other side of the outpost, "just like B Company suspected a while ago." . Dom leaned in to observe the minute details, "So we're going with a Company on each pathway?" . Captain Flowers corrected his assumption, "A *Platoon* on each pathway." . Dom slowly straightened his stance, moving his gaze away from the table and to Captain Flowers. Lou looked over at Dom, then to Aubin. . Captain Flowers placed his finger down on the location of OP Reuenthal marked on the map, "A special unit is currently on its way to the frontlines. Once they get there, we've decided to give them full autonomy on the field, and to retreat the main forces of OP Reuenthal back to here," He dragged his finger down to halfway between OP Reuenthal and OP Schenkopp, along the main road, "where another Platoon will be waiting for them, in case enemy forces are able to give chase." . "A pincer move? But why abandon the outpost?" Lou curiously asked. . "We're not abandoning anything. The special unit will take over. They're going to *think* we abandoned it, and will likely push up to take the outpost. There they'll meet resistance, while the other Platoons will be able to push through the front line and devastate their supply chain. Once that happens, the Third Platoon will join the retreated forces of OP Reuenthal in retaking the outpost as reinforcements to the special unit." . Aubin walked up to the map, "So how are we going to attack their supply chains?" . Lou shook his head. . Dom calmly traced the pathways on the map while explaining, "One Platoon on each discovered path. As the enemy forces converge on the outpost, that'll make it easier for the two flanking Platoons to push through and collapse on their outstretched lines." . Butch Flowers addressed Aubin McGraw directly, "Your Platoon will hold a line between the outposts and receive the retreating forces from OP Reuenthal until it is time to join the special unit in battle." . "So my guys don't get to have any action?" Aubin callously asked. . Lou just stared at him in disbelief. . Flowers took a moment to breath before answering, "You will when it's time to retake OP Reuenthal." . Aubin nodded, but Dom and Lou could see that he was still somehow confused. . "Dom," Flowers instructed, "you'll take First Platoon up left. Second Platoon will take the right. Speed is going to be key. Once the ambush at OP Reuenthal begins, you'll be alerted to move forward with a quick hide-n-speak message over radio, but otherwise comms will be silent." . "And when will I know to assault OP Reuenthal?" Aubin seemed very eager to do battle. . "You'll be alerted once First and Second Platoons break through the line. If you move too early, it could spell disaster for either Platoon. Wait until they are able to encircle the enemy forces." . "Ah. Got it." . Flowers then decided to share what he thought would answer the Lieutenants' concerns, "D Company is solo on this, aside from the forces already at OP Reuenthal. E Company will help secure the line after the operation, but other than that, all other Companies are acting simultaneously on different objectives." Then Flowers pushed his brows up, "I'm told that this is a big push. Maybe even *the* big push. What's coming down from above is that we're going to hit them hard and fast and make up for the lacking first wave assault." . Dom and Lou exited at the same time. . Lou turned to Dom to remark on the operation, "He means that this is our last chance to get something done." . "Can you imagine how Aubin would react if he knew that there was no third wave anymore?" . "He'd probably be happy. More guns aimed at him instead." . Dom smirked. . "Yo Klaus!" Roy shouted to the passing Squad One Private. . Private Klaus Bonaparta joined Roy, Harold, and Plumber, who were all double checking their gear, "What is it?" . "Any idea how Hughes is doing?" Harold asked him. . "I don't know," Klaus looked back at his squad, who were paying attention to Captain Flowers exiting the Officer's room, "I guess he's out of the running for at least the next operation." . "That sucks," Harold was somewhat somber. . "Yeah," Roy tilted his head behind his sunglasses, "imagine going through *all that training*, then being shipped out and getting stuck on a boat with a bunch of dumb losers, only to get benched as soon as you are about to actually *do* something." . Klaus spat on the ground by his feet, "Talk about a waste of time." . "And money." Plumber added through his mustache. . Klaus looked over to his Squad's Sergeant, Dick Sorola, who was finishing up a conversation with Gan and Wolfgang to join Lieutenant Summers. . "Sorola, Koren, on me." Dom ordered the First Platoon Sergeants after splitting off from Lou, who was heading to Second Platoon to do the same. . Koren and Sorola found their way to Dom. Meanwhile, Aubin wandered off to the mess hall, presumably to find a place to sit. . After Dom watched Aubin fail to seek out his Sergeants, he began to inform them of the operation, "We're partaking in a flanking mission as part of D Company's efforts to remedy the situation at OP Reuenthal." After explaining the general details, "Squad Two will be running point till we break through the lines." . "Understood," Koren had predicted this after Hughes's injury. . "How's Corporal Hughes doing?" Dom was asking directly of Sorola. . "Nothing too serious, but still a casualty. Likely won't be able to walk for a few days." . "Let's make sure he recovers properly." Then Dom looked over to Third Platoon's Sergeants, who seemed to have gathered amongst themselves, wondering what was going on, "And do me a favor... fill in Third Platoon on the operation. I'm going to go talk to Aubin and make sure he's fully aware of his role in things." . Dom then left Koren and Sorola to find Aubin in the mess hall. . "I swear to you if anything happens to Captain Flowers, Aubin's going to become our new Captain." Sorola said to Koren. . "What would possess you to say that?" . "Because nothing ever fucking goes right in the world." .
As Koren and Sorola filled Third Platoon's Sergeants in on the operation, Klaus left Roy, Harold, and Plumber to rejoin with the rest of Squad One, "Looks like we're about to get filled in on what exactly we'll be doing." He said as he left. . "Hope it's a fun one," Plumber joked. . It took Dom quite some time to find Aubin. What exactly was said between them isn't known. Afterwards, Koren filled in Squad Two while Sorola filled in Squad One. . "So now *we* have to be the human shields to Squad One, and not the other way around?" Roy quipped. . "Do me a favor Roy, and don't take anything to calm yourself down," Koren quietly asked. . Roy shook his head, "Come on, it doesn't effect my combat effectiveness." . Koren privately told him, "It effects your behavior, which effects morale. No drugs on this one, got it?" . "Damn it." . Although during the war anyone who even remarked on these rumors was shouted down, after the war, due to extensive evidence including countless casual and serious testimonies of veterans, it couldn't be hidden; drug use was rampant among the soldiers during the Great War. . "Ready up!" Sorola shouted to Squad One when it was time to leave. . The situation on the front-lines was such that the attrition of waiting was extremely detrimental to their forces. Without Wave Three of their assault, these numbers would no longer be replenished. Combined with the other operations, the UPIO armies' movements were likely to at least change the status quo of the war since it began. But the operations needed to be carried out simultaneously for any hope of effectiveness. . "Can you believe Wolfgang thinks he'll be able to join a Special Unit soon?" Roy said to Church as they readied up in anticipation of Koren's command. . "Tch," Church grunted, "*I'm* more suited for it than he is." . "I never took you for a career soldier," Koren had overheard and joined in, razzing Church like normal. . "I didn't say *I wanted* to do it. I said I was *more suited* for it." . "Well ready up, then. Now's your chance to prove it." Koren moved on to give the command to Plumber and Harold next. . After readying themselves for action, Harold and Plumber joined Roy and Church to await Koren's command. Koren, meanwhile, was awaiting Dom's order. Lieutenant Dom Summers was placed in Squad One, in part to make up for the lack of Corporal Hughes, and as part of Captain Flowers's orders for each Platoon's leader to be in the rear squad of each Platoon's own setup. Apparently, Dom and Lou were being held up, despite their Platoons being ready to move, but Third Platoon not being ready. Aubin McGraw complained to Captain Flowers that his men were being slow, but even Flowers was able to see through this excuse, regardless of how much Aubin believed it to be true. If it were true, the onus would still lie on Aubin to rally his men, indicating another failure on his part. The actual truth, according to a history of behavior corroborating the multitude of other soldiers' own accounts, paints a picture of Aubin failing to properly give word out to his Sergeants to ready their Squads. . Captain Flowers, who was ordered to remain at OP Schenkopp to coordinate communications between his Lieutenants and relay updates from command, eventually was able to ready Third Platoon's Squads for the operation. From then, he sent out word to Dom and Lou to begin walking immediately, while he personally sent Third Platoon on their way to the checkpoint. From there, it was just a matter of gauging when to send the word to OP Reuenthal to enact their "retreat" to the checkpoint. But as Butch and the rest of the communications officers at OP Schenkopp waited, Dom gave word to First Platoon to move out, with Koren's Squad leading the way on foot. Lou's Platoon found their pathway relatively easily, and were steadily marching on through potential enemy territory to a much bloodier battle ahead. . First Platoon, Squad Two, being led by Koren, was also finding their path on the other side of Aubin and Third Platoon's road. It was heavily covered in brush, and wasn't easy to walk, slowing their progress. However, they too walked on, as any soldier might be asked to do, to face the prospect of death, and inflict it upon those that happen to reside on another patch of dirt from themselves. Even at that very moment, as they walked, Squad Two expected an ambush coming from the trees surrounding them. In an instant, it could all be over so easily, just as Hughes had been taken out of battle. But, even if this walk went on as calmly as an elderly's stroll through a similarly green park, they'd soon enough be thrust into the horrors of survival... the horrors of war. Soon enough. Perhaps too soon, even. . \*\*\*\*\* .
While the MCBI agent was neglecting the seemingly inconspicuous phone call via an extended reading of his new favorite book, a town in South-Western Anhydrought was experiencing a day which was irregular to all but those who resided there. This was because Crater Town was not like any other town in the province, or even the country as a whole. With a storied history, and a peculiar modern governance, how could it be? With patches of roads still not repaired from its tumultuous past, it still retained the likeness of its namesake. . It wasn't out of the ordinary for Boss Pablano to spend most of a day in Crater Town on idle activities. He'd hop from relaxation and pleasure to business and stress seemingly by the hour. Most mornings, he'd meet with the leaders of the Cartel and the owners of Crater Town. By the end of the day, he'd check in with his men that were stationed there. Mostly for casual talk to strengthen his bond with them, but also to be updated on anything that might have occurred during the day. Usually, due to their position in the desert, there was nothing to report. . Of the many bosses in Crater Town at the moment, Poblano was the most active, because of this. The other bosses spent most of their days purely on entertainment. The leaders, though they regularly interacted with the bosses, rarely disclosed what they did. It was the nature of their business. With the town being populated almost solely with the Cartel and their families, it meant that the bosses didn't have to hide anything. And so, unlike the leaders, they didn't. . "Going for your daily walk?" Sergei Shtemk was sitting in the shade of a short wall leading to nowhere as Poblano breezed by. . He turned around to face his questioner, "I'm off to see the guys at the edge of town." . "I heard they were getting drunk." . Poblano tightened his lips and nodded, "Probably." . Sergei leaned his head back against the wall and closed his eyes, enjoying the heat. . "I'd have thought that you and Vladamir would be working on something right now, given what I heard from the leaders this morning." Poblano rarely referenced what he and the bosses discussed with the leaders unless Sergei and Vladamir and others were already involved in the meeting as well. . Sergei shrugged, "Vladamir's talking with the NIB. They're probably going to call him back. Can't have one of their own mixed in with us, if I had to guess. I wasn't needed so I thought I'd take the time to enjoy nature a bit." . "It's easier to enjoy nature outside of town." . "Neither of us can leave town and consider ourselves safe." Sergei quietly said whle standing. . Poblano scratched his mustache, "So you're coming with?" . Sergei was dusting himself off, "Yeah. If Vladamir needs me, he'll find me. I'm beginning to think a nicer view might do me better." . The two began walking, "A desert isn't much of a view." Poblano was walking slowly, both as part of his age and his weight. . Sergei leaned over as he walked, "*That's* like saying the ocean isn't much of a view." . "No," Poblano confidently retorted, "the ocean is much better, because it is ever changing. It even provides a soundtrack to your rest. The desert is just stagnant. Who likes stagnation?" . Sergei contorted his face into one of surprised agreement and shrugged again. After a brief walk by a group of Cartel Soldiers playing games in front of a residential building, and down the dusty road a little further, Poblano and Sergei reached the town limits. Rather than walk beyond, though, the two went into one of the buildings, which was full of armed men, and went up to the second floor. Some played cards behind the row of people keeping watch. . "Boss!" It was a one-legged soldier named Gavir, who was seated by the row of soldiers keeping watch. . "Don't get up, Gavir." Poblano went over to him while the card game temporarily suspended and then resumed. . Sergei took a look out at the desert, "You're right, boss, this is better." He could feel the breeze blow in from over the sand, hot, yet cooling. . Poblano looked to the side at him, "Doesn't beat an ocean, though." . "Does anything?" Sergei took a seat next to a newly recruited soldier, "Are you Eightman?" . "I am," The nickname "Eightman" was given to him by Donny in reference to his full name, Tulver Eahta. . "Well, how are you liking things here?" Sergei asked. . "Someone with nowhere to go, it was somewhere," Tulver spoke in jest. . "Boss," Gavir pleaded, "when are we going to get Rico back?" . Poblano sighed, then smoothed out one side of his mustache while he talked, "We'll figure something out soon enough, I'm sure." . He knew better than Gavir, and even Sergei for that matter, that he was explicitly told *not* to do anything regarding the situation. Things were such that the delicate balance between the Cartel, the NIB, Minerva, and even Divine Statute, were all potentially in flux due to the ongoing election process. Though the Desert Rangers weren't able to do much to the last remaining junk gang, Divine Statute, so far, if the Cartel were to get involved now, the situation with the NIB, who were effectively in control of the Rangers, would get even more complicated. . "He saved my life, boss. We can't just leave him out there." Gavir still, in the time since Candy, Zero, Dahlia, and Shenaga had assaulted the Cartel outpost that he and Rico had manned, hadn't fully recovered. . How does one, after losing so much? Much more time would be needed. . "You're a good man, Gavir." Poblano then stood up and sat himself beside Sergei. . Tulver moved to a new position to make room for the boss, but stayed nearby to where he was originally stationed. . "Gavir's unable to get passed the assault." Sergei quietly mentioned to Poblano. . "It'll take time." He made himself comfortable in his seat, on the balcony overlooking the desert. . "We need to make sure he doesn't get any ideas and acts on his own." . Poblano turned and stole a glance at Gavir before returning his gaze to the vast desert landscape, "He won't do anything." . "Vladamir tells me we need to be extra careful now." . "I know. Imperium Insurance lost Akhet, and now the public's eyes are on them." . "As are the police's." Sergei added. . "The police are no obstacle. But if the public somehow manage to bring to light how Imperium Insurance was able to convince the banks to let us in, the leaders won't be happy. Not that it'll do much, but it might get the attention of some Hunters." . Tulver couldn't hear a word they were saying as they whispered through the desert wind. He wasn't necessarily trying to eavesdrop, but he was beyond curious as to their hushed conversation. Poblano was extremely careful regarding such matters, even around his own men. Sergei couldn't help but bring up his worries to the boss, especially as Vladamir was likely going to be leaving, and was operating without him at the moment. . "It's this fucking election," Sergei angrily commented, "it's always a fucking election." . "And we always slip through untouched," Poblano reassured. . Sergei looked at Poblano with admiration, "You're right, boss." . Poblano stared off into the desert, "I just wish we had an ocean view." . \*\*\*\*\* .
"Time to wake up." . It was a smooth voice, soothing and calm. Almost as if the one speaking didn't actually want to wake him. . Rowen opened his eyes, "How long did I sleep for?" . The other speaker revealed himself, "I don't know." . Rowen looked up at him. . "The name's Janus Argent," He reached a hand down to Rowen. . "Nice to meet you," Rowen used Janus's hand to pull himself upright. . "The workers around here have told me a bit about you. You're interested in the cave?" . Rowen cracked his neck and stretched upward with his arms, "I am, Mr. Argent. I am indeed." . "Well, I have good news then," Janus sat on a crate near to where Rowen had fallen asleep, "you'll be able to take a look soon enough. But not too far in. We'll still have to go on ahead into the deepest recesses before you can go beyond where we've been." . Rowen looked around, noticing Djoser busy at work, "How long was I asleep for?" . "Like I said, I don't know. But we've been very productive, and I think you'll be glad to know that you won't have to wait long. I thought I'd wake you up now and fill you in." . The air was much cooler. There was a peculiar dizziness to the questioning of time after waking. Not knowing how long you were asleep, and just how much further in time you are is enough to keep one off-kilter. . "Come on," Janus stood up, "let me show you the mapping so far." . "Mapping?" . "Did you think this was just a straight cave? It appears as though no one's been much deeper than the first couple of bends and the first 'room,' but there's a veritable network of passages in there. Likely from several branching mining attempts based on where they found specific resources." . Rowen couldn't hide the surprise on his face, "I guess I had imagine something much simpler than that." . "To be honest, so did we," Janus led Rowen to a small fold-able table with a number of papers of different sizes scattered upon it, "but it's in the nature of the job to adapt, is it not?" . "As a Hunter, I can say that the only requirement I know of is to adapt." . "And that's exactly why I want to bring you in there." Janus said, "A trained pair of eyes might be able to aid us more than anything else." . Rowen smirked, "Well, I think I can help you with that." . \*\*\*\*\* . A mound seemed to protrude from the ground in the wake of the previously quaint village. It was quite natural looking, having been sculpted out of the soil itself, and was low and gradual enough to appear more as a regular hill, if not for the evenness of the ground around it. Even more-so, if one was familiar with Clarita Perl's Hatsu, one would instantly be able to recognize the tell-tale architectural sensibilities in this creation. . "This hump of dirt is the place?" Riv branched off from Lake and Attica to encircle the mound from a different perspective, "How do we get in?" . Lake led Attica closer to it, "Libon said we need to find a particular vine sprouting from within the soil and pull it." . Attica remained silent as the Mason brothers began scouring the dome. . "I think I've found it." Lake shared with Riv. . After pulling it, a slab of dirt slid away to reveal a cramped interior. It was crudely decorated, with only a lamp and a table of note. The small interior gave a hint as to the incredible thickness of the "walls" of the dome. It was likely constructed in such a way as to be bullet-proof. Given its shape, it was likely blast-proof as well. . "In you go, Abacus," Riv loved to pry at Attica once the brothers had him to themselves. . "I'm still your guest, you know?" Attica pleaded as he ducked inside the dome. . Lake followed after him into the dark and dirt-smelling room, "To be fair, you're still a criminal as well." . Attica turned back toward Lake, "An *alleged* criminal!" . Riv finally entered, "Being an alleged criminal doesn't make you innocent, dumbass." . Lake lit the lamp, "Riv, take a look at this." . Beside the desk was a floor panel. Riv hastily opened it up, revealing an underground passage. . "What is it?" Attica was curious, but didn't dare go over to the opening himself. . Lake went over to a vine on the interior wall and pulled it, "Looks like we've got a bit of space to ourselves." The opening closed in on them, sealing away the light of the outside, "Plenty of escape routes and a much more spacious residence for the three of us." . "Hopefully you get lost down there, Attica." Riv closed it back up. . Attica sat on the ground, "That doesn't seem safe for me." . "Are you kidding me? People used to hide shit in mazes all the time." . Lake put a stop to their terse dialogue, "Nobody is going to get lost, because we're going to fully explore the area and make sure we're all aware of exits, alternate routes, and maybe even divide up living quarters among us." . "*Great*." Riv sarcastically dragged the word out like a held note in a drone, "So now we have to go spelunking and map everything out. I'm starting to think that Libon is *trying* to do us in." . "Come on, let's get to work," Lake pleaded, "you stay here Attica, and don't touch a thing. We'll get all this sorted out in a few hours and then fill you in on what you need to know." . "Got it." Attica was honestly afraid of the underground passages. . Riv opened the panel back up, "*That's a good boy*." . Then he jumped down. . "Don't mind him," then Lake jumped down as well. . With that, Attica was alone for the first time in ages. The light from the lamp bounced back off of the walls, which also doubled as the ceiling, creating an orangey atmosphere. With nothing to do, Attica lied down on his back and stared up at the concaved vertex of the room. From there, he traced the outline of his career, up from the ground on one side of the room, up to a high point in the middle of the ceiling, and then back down to the ground on the other side. Thinking back, he realized that it all started coming apart the moment Shivra Nyarl's experiment was conducted. At that point, he was a leader in a powerful, if relatively small country. Now he was a mole living in a subterranean pit with two brothers whom he didn't personally know. . But that was as it had to be. This new hideout would be the only thing stopping him from being assassinated by Minerva and her access to the NIB and all those poor souls enraptured by the business of wetwork. At least for now they were probably more busy with the current election than with a politician on the run like himself. But there was one conversation with Minerva, before his reign came crumbling down, that stuck with him. She had confessed to him, not long ago, how she had learned of his actions, and discovered the truth of Cowtip. Most troublingly, she had indicated that she was hoping to accomplish the same feats that he had, on her own. . "Fine then, Minerva," Attica spoke to the ceiling, "do it. See for yourself what it's like to have it all fail. To bring about your own destruction. There's plenty of room here at the bottom anyhow." . While Attica mused to himself, the Mason brothers continued searching the depths of the razed village, now a baron field with a conspicuous dome. And while all these factors came swirling about the chaotic void of psychological warring known as politics, no one, not even the most informed or the most influential, could see what was coming. Nobody except the seldom few who were to bring it about. The couple of individuals who, up till this point, spent much of their own time musing about things, just as Attica had been doing. However, as Attica had turned his attention inward, they had theirs turned outward... and their proceedings were far different because of it. . [[to be continued...](https://old.reddit.com/r/HxH_OC/comments/cchrlu/oc_story_3_chapter_5/?st=jy0oqyei&amp;sh=d90ed494)]
I'm not even gonna apologize anymore because I feel like that was annoying so often. It's here, it's done, time can't be rewound. By now, I can only hope that everyone is used to the time between chapters. Interestingly enough, despite the time, it's shorter than last chapter, though still over 13k words, for those of you keeping score ;) Okay, so Rowen's still at it, Forde's getting into some shit, the Mason bros were by definition in the thick of it, and Dwyer's really getting into some shit. Matt and Banda... I can only hope it turned out well! I thought about going back and reworking some of how it ended, but I thought that if I did that, I might not be happy with it, and then things would just get delayed even further. As for Brandon and Alicia who were recently in cahoots as of the last chapter, they will return in the next one, that much is guaranteed. If there's anything I messed up on, or if you just wanna input how you would like things to progress from your character's point of view, go ahead and lay it on me! If you've got complaints about anything else, toss em out there, too! As you can probably imagine, the military stuff in the Great War sections were the stuff I have been wanting to get around to writing for years now. Also, as is probably painstakingly clear, this chapter has a lot of setup for more of that going forward. It won't be a massive part of this arc, but expect more of it in the next chapter. As for how it all ties together, I'll let you guess about that. Obviously it will become clearer as the story progresses, but I will say that there are some hints to the relevance hidden both in arc 1, *and* in arc 2. But they were mostly in throw-away lines during larger bits of exposition, so I wouldn't recommend trying to find the clues yourself... unless that's your type of thing. :3 Who knows? (I do, actually) *** As for anything else, be aware that I may or may not at some point dm some of you for questions. If and when I do that, know that it will likely hint at some spoiler-y things, so if you could keep that stuff a secret, that would be greaaaaattt. Thanks in advance! Also my life is in an interesting spot at the moment. While I don't think it will effect the writing of the next chapter, it may cause similar delays in future chapters. It's not just me getting my excuses out of the way ahead of time, but also preparing you all for the potential of me disappearing for a week or two at a time as certain life needs necessitate. It's nothing too serious, so don't worry. Just know that it's something that I can't really avoid. Also that I might still be able to crank out chapters at a decent rate regardless. Time will tell. In the meantime... ping party!
/u/thechickensage, /u/JogingJolt, /u/CallanTS
/u/RedditDestinyAlt, /u/aamarketer, /u/ZeroDarkFang
/u/Ulixx, /u/radiantfang, /u/ControlledByShalnark
/u/Karnevale, /u/RememberWolf359, /u/varkarrus
/u/Halt_kun, /u/Kairos__, /u/NoraaTheExploraa
/u/CrushedByUvogin, /u/KnighZeus, /u/jakemans24
/u/bj3nk1ndas
Woo thank you! Also it as pretty fun to write, given the context of their characters
&gt; Also the phone number deduction was great I was pretty proud of that part myself hehehe XD Also thank you, and I'm excited to have Forde get more and more intertwined
&gt; So.. many.. references.. but I think/hope I got them all. To be honest, I'm not even sure I'll be able to keep track of them all in hindsight haha. There were just so many opportunities... and more to come with the Great War stuff! &gt;You know what would have been amazing? If Tom Hardy returned to the OC Story as part of The Great War I'll keep this in mind next time I need to come up with a character in all that ;) &gt;I was honestly expecting this. Ever since you said it was something you've wanted to write for years, all I could think about was the war that always gets mentioned and was pretty much a catalyst for the UPIO's current state and culture. I thought you might be able to figure it out. Early on, I thought about potentially leaving it as something kind of mysterious, but as time went on, I realized that there were a few reasons I should absolutely go into at least part of it... you'll see why soon enough tehe. Also I always wanted to write war stuff, and there's a few things unique to the HxH universe that I thought would make a war story particularly interesting. &gt;I like how it's presented in that an officer is reading it which makes the transition to current events seamless. Thank you! I wanted a variety of ways to work it in without having to come up with different transitions every time, since I wasn't going to be able to handle it all in one chapter, let alone one scene. So this worked out, and managed to tie into another plot thread, so I was pretty happy the "pieces fit" so to speak. &gt;The fight between Matthew and Banda went as well as it could have I think. The part I was considering rewriting was the very end. Just the way Matt transitions from being battle-ready to calming down. I'll have to give it some time and reread, and I'm sure looking back on it I'll feel better about it, but for some reason I had this urge to change it slightly. &gt;Now more hugs and less fighting please. At least between the both of them. Haha, we'll just have to see about that &gt;If Matthew gets into another fight that isn't with Banda though, I think her role would be pretty interesting, especially if his opponent was ruthless and a serious threat. Time will tell. I don't want to reveal what I may or may not have in store, but I really enjoy their dynamic, and I think their abilities are an interesting combination. So much so that it'd be a waste for me not to explore a combat scenario with them working together... :3 &gt;Also hey, there's "Tulver's shenanigans." I wasn't sure what to expect but I don't think it was cartel involvement. I was wondering if you remembered that teaser! Haha, glad I could surprise you. And hopefully surprise you *more* going forward. Now no more hints zehehehe. &gt;What is it with Cojot and using Jaune's identity? I thought it was gonna be a one-time thing but it seems like he might be doing it all the time, maybe to frame Jaune for stuff that he's gonna pull. Cojot's doin his thang :D As for why Jaune? That might not become particularly clear for a while. Depends on when I get to certain things. &gt;Either way, I miss my boy, and Souma too. I wish I could talk about what I have planned, but... well I guess I can, but I won't XD &gt;Riv and Lake are in an interesting spot here but I'm sure Libon can be trusted. I'm not sure how wise it was to leave Attica unintended though, even if the place seems secure enough. Their current situation actually builds off of a certain occurrence in the last arc, which might prove to be useful info for them going forward. That was a weird way of wording it, but I don't want to be too spot on. Plus I have fun being cryptic &gt;They weren't in this chapter but the world needed art of these two so I kinda worked on this inconsistently for months, whenever I felt like trying to improve my art. I'll graduate from MS Paint tire one of these days I swear. That is awesome! Also really liked how you captured their personalities with their facial expressions. Very cool. [Actually I have a picture I have been wanting to post of Whisk for a while, too! Seems appropriate considering the whole Candy x Zero thing](https://partycity6.scene7.com/is/image/PartyCity/_pdp_sq_?$_1000x1000_$&amp;$product=PartyCity/35766_01)
Plus his internal struggle regarding the Order is fun to write, and hopefully interesting to read too
Too bad OPM season 2 has butchered animation done by a different studio and director than the first season
Toonami usually picks one artist or beat to use per show, like they used Run the Jewels for all the One Punch Man bumps, etc. Who they pick from are almost always someone really connected to AS/Toonami, like Run the Jewels. Other ones might be Lord Raja, Chris Devoe, Flylo, etc. It's hard to identify at the time, but in time it's clear who did what. If you look at a list of artists who have done bumps before, or are released on their compilations, you'll have an idea of who could have been used for that particular one
Looks like he's trying to keep cool in the heat
You don't even need psychedelics to hallucinate when you listen to Vsnares
I always called Mizmor a funeral doom band, not a sludge band, but I guess there's a sludgey tone. Just being pedantic I suppose
Well it's a couple years old now, but if it's your first time hearing it, def check out the whole album
This makes me realize they should have put Mito into Jump Force
It's par for the course with them, why would you expect anything otherwise?
Then you should have just bought a Naruto game
This is one reason I love this sub. Not only is everyone having a good time celebrating a release, but you get to see the band in the comments even. It's not often you get that kind of connection with the artists
Fair enough haha. Not that I'm any less afraid of trying it tho
I was just joking how Tobuscus and Yogscast have some of their most popular videos being Minecraft related, like the origin of this song, and thought I was being cheeky since they both made both made songs, and had some of them animated too.
Sweet! And if you like the style, you should also check out Bell Witch and Loss if you haven't yet
Jaden and Yusei aren't jump though, only the OG series, IIRC
As much as I'd like Marik, I think Joey and/or Pegasus would be better. Toon monsters would be really cool to have, and Joey has enough wackiness to be unique among the other duelists, plus he has Flame Swordsman and Red Eyes. Just use his Dice cards for a move, maybe Time Wizard for another, and you've got a fresh movelist. Pegasus could even have Relinquished and Jinken Bakudon in there somewhere. Also the last thing I want is more Naruto/DB/One Piece at this point. But hell yeah Gintoki. If they were to do any other MHA character, it'd have to be either Todaroki or All For One.
That you can build a bridge across or rappel down. From a wall, not so much. It's an ancient strategy. Plus if they could see out into the distance, they'd be able to tell how much more there is outside. The wall is just as much a visual barrier as a physical one
Wall Maria 2 maybe. They used moats later on, but only around entrances, and they plugged that hole anyways
Using the momentum of running and the force pulling upward because of the rope connected to the tree. You can do it in real life. Don't do it in real life.
Ray said he'd smuggle food out
Lupin replaces JoJo, and I believe there's two series they're planning on announcing that might be at Comic Con. We'll probably start hearing about what will replace AoT after that, unless they condense the block again by a half-hour
No not remembering the womb. Those without infantile amnesia might remember being a toddler, but there's no cases that have ever been documented IIRC of remembering the womb
A real phenomenon is remembering being a baby, not remembering before you were born
Also impossible IRL
Ray has a super power: confirmed
GitS has plenty of action though Also isn't modern
Can remember *before birth*? Neuropsychologists always chalked this up to false memories, which everyone has because of the way the brain works. Babies are born before the memory storage centers fully develop. I suppose it is possible to be an exception, but you have to understand that I can't just believe some random person on the internet because, "their friend says so."
I answer this in another comment to you. Don't feel like typing it twice haha
Yeah I'm just saying in general rappelling is much more doable when there isn't a wall in the way. Technically they could rappel part way down then kick off to reach the other side. They'd need a massive rope to pull that off though. I'm very curious exactly how they're going to get across.
JoJo will be back eventually
*Good writing
Definitely. I just want to see first timers' reactions
Some of it is kinda spoilery
Been some time since I've seen that meme. Good stuff
Was not expecting to laugh this much at this time of night
The election arc is already animated in full. It's the next arc we have to wait on, and it might take another year or two to wrap up. More depending on hiatuses
All that still came into play, like during the CA arc. It's just that he's always been kinda bad with people. He's also famously hypocritical, tho he grew up a bit and seems to have realized that. Also he doesn't care if someone is evil or not, which someone else brought up in the series (during Yorknew I think?) and how that's part of what makes him stand out from others
It def matters going forward
And it's implied that Ging's been keeping tabs on him
Togashi's usually pretty self-aware with his stories. It's rare that you get such a build up and payoff with something like this though, even for him.
Our boy
But the public isn't allowed to know that
Hoenheim wasn't a bad dad at all, that was the point. Ed couldn't get passed his perception of him, but Alphonse was able to appreciate him after learning the truth.
Yeah Ging straight up left ASAP
He's a good character
Valid reasons
First *has* to be Gendo
It's so tense that I want to see what happens next but I'm also afraid for the characters
Hmm. Pretty sure it's just someone who looks like him. I don't remember if Phinks has a license, but I'm fairly certain he's against participating in any kind of Hunter stuff
And just a lot of banter tends to really reflect what goes through the readers'/watchers' heads during the thick of it.
Now I want to go sliding around the floor
Really makes me wish I was there. I'll be keeping an eye out for you if you come my way
Do you have a Myanimelist account? It's just a free way of keeping track of what you watch and it's kind of fun/useful at times. Just wondering stuff you've seen if you want some other recs now that you're getting back into anime.
I can't believe *I* forgot about Shou Tucker.
It's more for political reasons that they don't want anyone but those close to him or involved with the situation to know. He used an illegal WMD on foreign soil, and may have inadvertently harmed civilians in the process. That wouldn't go over very well. They can't exactly trust all Hunters either.
That would be great. Plus him being their biggest comic-relief would give some more variation to the personalities in the game. Yugi and Kaiba are both mostly serious all the time. Now that I think of it, that might have been a sort of subconscious reason I brought up Pegasus as well
Probably gonna be my highlight of E3
Stream from data centers to whatever you want, like your phone. Stream from your Xbox to whatever you want for free
I loved the lego Forza stuff
If you want recs, I can toss some out, since I'm always happy to hear people getting back into anime and enjoying themselves
I wish I had something to give you for this comment
Technically it's not on iPhone with xCloud, but streamed to it. I get your point tho
&gt; Hmmmm it’s confirmed to come to PC so I’m not buying this art is legit Nothing on this cover says it isn't coming to PC. It says console exclusive, which means that's the only console it is on, but is on PC as well
&gt; It would never say "console exclusive" as for one, that's not something xbox says anymore (not mentioned once at the conference) and two, it's coming to PC. "Console exclusive" means it is on PC, so that doesn't contradict anything
When the Forza section started, I thought it was a new Hot Wheels expansion, but this is awesome too
One of my favorite surprises from today
Oh nice. GitS is great. I'll add a list tomorrow when I get some time. E3 took up my free time today
Yes but they are a part of my body
People aren't saying xCloud is going to be free, but streaming from your console is
It's been a company wide strategy for Microsoft for a while now, regardless of anything Xbox has or hasn't done. So yes, this still would have happened because it is more beneficial to them.
This has been in the pipeline for a long time company wide, it's nothing to do with hardware sales. This is the most profitable venture.
I can't wait to kill him ^^^^in ^^^^game
Pretty sure that's been confirmed
I'm sure Keanu was already getting a collector's addition for free
For me my biggest LAN parties were on 360, but I agree. Miss those kinds of parties
Do you often play for 40 hours straight? Or just never charge things when you're not using them?
Probably. Don't see why they wouldn't for people that are hopping over just now
I mean they've said it a dozen times or more over the years this gen.
Locking out the previous gen. The current setup is that the oldest models of Xbox One will be phased out over time but still be playing the games from Scarlett and One X just at lowest settings. Otherwise it's by dev choice to require certain platform specs or not. Aka, just like how PC gaming works, but with more set hardware specs
&gt; E3 passes are expensive, but still very justifiable if you're a hardcore fan I thought that was to the floor, not conferences
Born on Xbox Live
During their direct?
&gt; Technically yes, but influencers wouldn't attend a conference of which they aren't the star But that's exactly what happened during E3. A bunch of "influencers" trying to be as obnoxious as possible to get attention for their "audience" Like Mr. Breathtaking.
Different guy during the Bethesda conference, but he's being an absolute scumbag everywhere else since.
Probably something like, "Don't tell anyone this... but... there's no canvas bags."
What's your problem? Left was just talking about how the title of this post isn't true. And you didn't need to analyze anything to see what Lefty mentioned. Just by paying basic attention to the conference was all that was needed. Why you gotta try and go full-douche on them?
It's not that. It's that Bethesda's had more of that than any other conference, despite a smaller crowd. But the answer is much simpler than paid crowd members. Well, I guess they're technically paid since they said that they had employees in the audience. Obviously the devs are gonna cheer for each other and their own games. I think it's understandable that they'd be excited. Bethesda probably shouldn't have put them in the first row, though.
I guess they're already paying them, so technically they're paid to cheer?
I don't know. I don't really ever hear hardcore Nintendo fans say or do anything. Maybe I'm out of the loop
That's what I thought. Was just trying to make sense of Financial Buddy's comment, which seemed to claim that people with a public pass could watch the conference
By reducing the graphics to the point we see in this trailer I would imagine
He also said a while ago that he wanted to see Banjo in Smash
Well, it has also been a Microsoft wide policy to push into competitor's hardware for sales of services instead, so this kind of stuff likely would have happened no matter how Xbox performed this gen. I'm a little irked by people looking at games as an industry as "winning or losing" depending on sales, but I guess gamifying everything should be commonplace with gamers hahaha
&gt; I think we will get something Banjo related eventually but what that is I simply can't say. Watch Nut sand Bolts 2 get announced
Yeah I'd love for Conker to come to Smash. We really need a second season of Fighters after this
That's exactly what they're doing except they're keeping Xbox models with incremental upgrades into the future as well. They just aren't going to rely on hardware sales at all. That's why I expect Scarlett will be expensive for the "high end" experience. But they already mentioned how Xbox consoles are going to exist into the future as one extended generation of games, and having a console means free xCloud, among other things.
Well, they made a new one years ago. For some reason it was Nuts and Bolts though. Since that flopped they haven't touched it
And the Kool Aid Man
I could see it happening. Probably won't be Rare, but if there's a new Banjo game, it'll def come to Xbox and PC. Then I wouldn't be surprised to see it on Switch like they did with Cuphead and Ori.
When was a Witcher game on a Nintendo console?
Not to mention Doomslayer and Dante from Devil May Cry both technically being eligible now. I need Dante and Bayo in the same game!
Watch them do a bunch of DLC characters, and then in a few years they announce the final DLC character: Waluigi.
&gt;He needs to eat ass for this
I highly doubt it.
Sakurai said they probably won't ever be able to top this roster again
I'm down for this
What they've said in the past is that the Scarlett will to the X what the X was to the regular One. As games start taking advantage of the hardware, the regular One will be phased out by those games, meaning the X will be the new low-end. So not yet, but that will start happening when the Scarlett gets released. Unless you mean the X enhancements. In which case a ton of games have already taken advantage of the hardware. Like DMC5, Forza games, Halo, DOOM, etc.
This is not what they've said before. Eventually that will be the case, but games released on the Scarlett will still be playable on Xbox Ones. Eventually, it will be X onward and the original One will be phased out though. So we'll be getting "system requirements" with games. This is all based on the various things they've said over the years leading up to this.
Yeah they said any games playable on Xbox One. They can't do anything about some games unfortunately, since it's all dependent on licensing and publishers and what not.
They said it's explicitly not a hard generation change though. It *is* an upgrade, but will transition to being the new gen.
Maybe some, but there's no indication one way or the other, and I'd imagine that would be a case-by-case basis with some being exclusive to the Scarlett.
I'd imagine it works the same way as it does now, since they've essentially said that it will be the same infrastructure of the One
Probably with "Scarlett Enhanced" updates just like with the X
They never said this before.
To clarify it's all games that are playable on the One, as in the 360 and OG Xbox games compatible with the One. Because it's supposed to be in the same "family" of consoles.
Get out of here if you aren't a PS4 gamer then. There were still games talked about that would be coming to PS4. For the record I game on all platforms and own the current consoles, so it's not like I even have a horse in the console wars, because they're dumb. Take that shit elsewhere.
Yeah that's at almost every conference
But how do we know if it's really spoilers if the game isn't out yet?
I'm having a host of weird issues after this update. Most seem to be linked to Halo 1 though
Hot damn
1) Microsoft has had a few good E3's since 2012. 2) What about Watch Dogs was a Playstation thing? 3) Yes Microsoft had a good conference, but IMO it wasn't as good as last year's 4) Yes all those things are awesome and exciting 5) The Nintendo Direct was great, and if you only liked the BotW2 announcement, I question if you have a Switch. 6) Even if PS4 didn't get much out of this E3, which is bullshit since everyone gets something out of the many multiplat games to look forward to, what's the point in coming here and making an ass of yourself? I just don't get it.
&gt; Now I gotta deal with that with Xbox You always had to deal with that with every console. At least there is backward compatibility &gt;Xbone Backwards compatibility is now ending It's not like it is cancelled. They just don't have anything planned for it. Once Scarlett launches they'll likely be able to continue their work. There's nothing you can do about it. It's like this no matter what because some publishers (who have to okay back compat) go out of business, or licenses expire. So some games were never eligible for back compat in the first place. That's very true with the PC gaming comment though. If all consoles had been forward compatible from the get-go, we wouldn't have this problem. Unfortunately they never thought of that back then. And Nintendo has been changing up their technology so much that it was impossible anyhow
Also PS2's were early DVD players that were fairly well-priced, meaning it was easier to convince parents to buy them. Same strategy as the PS3 and Blu-Ray, really
I learned something fun today!
And was the strongest console of the gen
&gt; more smash ultimate sales than Wii U sales I'm guessing broken discs or something? I honestly don't know why
Basically everyone I knew thought it was a peripheral for the Wii. Such a shame
That's not true at all. Source: was on Reddit.
In principle that was their strategy, but a few other factors kinda botched the PS3 launch, as we all know
And you can bet your ass there'll be bundles
Is it media? Doesn't seem like the right term
Me a Sony fanboy? Lol. Most of the time the Sony fanboys call me an Xbox fanboy. It's just so funny hearing that one. I don't see how anything I said could make you think I was a Sony fanboy. PS4 owners still get a lot out of E3, and being uncouth with your wording is not helping your cause.
Edgy? Cheesy and corny, but not edgy. Also it's all played for laughs. He's basically a parody, like Duke Nukem. Edgy this is not
Me too! As much as I'd love Krystal and Rundas, getting these third party characters are even more hype for me
It's no problem, I just wanted to add that bit
The Switch subreddit? I lurk on the Nintendo Subreddit and sometimes the Switch one, but don't really see that kind of stuff
Persona 5 Scramble (the ARPG) is on the Switch
Then IDK. It's funny if they played that much and still think that way.
Lupin came before Cowboy Bebop, and they really aren't all that similar
&gt; I’m a bit troubled by the sexuality though What's troubling about it? lol
It's literally the best episode tho
&gt; Weird they didn't include 131 as an option too Yeah that was gonna be my vote. That episode is a masterpiece, and it's pretty famous as one of the best in the series
I'm guessing because it's too graphic?
Just one more episode left now
Kinda hoping they'll find a way to keep it to play during the send off for Toonami going forward
Who knows? Probably not though
Just one more ep
You'll just have to wait and see ;)
They probably don't have broadcast rights anymore
You can *cryyyyy* againnnnn
One more left
Ahem, Hunting For Your Dream
He was never really sane to begin with, so that's probably a part of it
He's basically fem-Jesus now, so that seems par for the course
Or even in one of the towns that got attacked
It's not quite the type of exposition that you normally get, though. It's basically a reflection on some of the themes that are linked throughout the entire story, based on this character's experience and rumination on that experience. It's not setting anything up or building anything, just reflecting on what's happened.
Not really, it's about being aware of the cycle of violence and realizing it, but still being trapped by it. And it's somewhat using his reasoning for the existence of a soul as an explanation for how he realized he was stuck in it.
Ant realizes, through his actions, that he's perpetuating a cycle of violence, but feels trapped by it, despite being aware of it. He's realized all this, particularly that it's bad, because his world views have been changed by the events of being reborn as a Chimera Ant, which he takes as evidence of a soul.
It's kinda funny. Dying to the ants and becoming a chimera made him a better person
Koala is stuck thinking about someone he killed after being reborn, realizing he's perpetuating an endless cycle of violence. He questions why he would do that, and his reasoning for doing it/excuses for himself. Because his world views were completely altered by being reborn (understandably so) and he believes in the existence of a soul, he feels like he wasted his previous life since his excuses don't hold up anymore, and realizes that despite being reborn and being transformed (idealistically) he still is making the same mistake and feels trapped in the cycle of violence.
Hitman Reborn
I can't wait to see it in dub finally
Losing to Shippuden *and* HxH. Losing to what follows isn't *that* uncommon, but losing to the next two is hardly a good sign, and it's been going on for months now
Because Kite currently has the body of the girl he killed that sparked his whole realization. Or one almost identical to it. So it's his way of trying to apologize for killing her
I'm not sure that's true. They each were based on different pastiches of different film genres. Spike the cowboy, Jet the noir protagonist, Faye the femme fatale, Ed the hacker, and then Ein... don't really think there's an analog for Ein in this context haha.
Midnight Run was the pinnacle to me
Old Toonami wasn't just an after school block. Old Toonami had Midnight Run and a weekly Saturday night block as well, just like current Toonami.
The Promised Neverland is an extremely popular titles though, so it's not like they were taking much of a risk there
Wow what a lineup
Did Hunter X Hunter seriously beat, Naruto, Boruto, Black Clover, *and* Lupin? Damn, I wonder if the final episode will pull the same thing off
You gotta remember that the average Toonami viewer is just a Dragon Ball casual who refuses to watch anything they don't already know.
It might be a tough sell to push Boruto *up* when it's been regularly losing to everything that follows it
There is no "good show" that performs. That's just not how this works. You and I both know that. They're out of things that are popular and might perform well. That's it. They've run the gamut already. Now they have to get current shows which are more risky. There's a thing in marketing called brand image. Their brand isn't just about hopping on trends or being a one trick pony with Dragon Ball. If they went that route Toonami would have been cancelled again by now. They want to be the main source of dubbed anime for a lot of Western audiences. They are the only one on TV now, so they're giving the biggest and best of what's available. And it never could be enough. Because most Dragon Ball fans aren't anime fans.
You stopped watching an episode that made you feel helpless... in Attack On Titan... the show famous for having episodes like that?
Dragon Ball anything always has been and always will be. For a lot of casuals, Dragon Ball is all they know, and they refuse to give anything else a chance. This has been historically proven for years now, and has been common sentiment outside of just Toonami as well
That's fair enough haha
Yeah, but other shows have had that and not done this. And HxH has been beating the two or three before it for months now, which hasn't happened before in that slot
Yeah it's better for Toonami in the long run to retain and bring in a wider range of audience anyhow. If all they did was pander to DB fans, when they lose Super, they'd lose everything. And Lupin is awesome
True. But it's good for them to try and expand their audience before that happens. Expanding as much as possible is really the best way to circumvent major losses when Super goes away.
That's not really true. Lupin has never been a Toonami staple. It's just a cultural icon type of thing, and they've occasionally aired some of it. Same with Gundam, except that Gundam was a large part of why Toonami was a success to begin with, and its role in the anime industry as a whole is why they always grab it. It may be niche by today's standards, but there's a dedicated cult following that it will always bring in. Being a "one trick pony" means having one thing that you rely on for success, and that's exactly what Toonami has been doing with Dragon Ball. I agree they are due for some more risks. But I think they need to take *real* risks. Not risks in the eyes of Dragon Ball fans by grabbing things that aren't Dragon Ball. They've still just been relying on the big and popular series that are current, and there's nothing wrong with that since things would obviously be worse without them, but if they want to take risks, or if they want to actually succeed, they need to actually promote their series properly, and make sure people know when what is airing, what is beginning or ending, and just exactly what changes are. And they need to give a few weeks worth of time for people to see those ads, and actually run them during each show. Doing "next time on" type of ads don't really work. A lot of people dislike the spoilers and sometimes it even makes people avoid certain shows. Highlight reals and trailers work. That's why the old Toonami bumpers were so great. They were highlight supercuts with a central theme. But they don't do jack shit to promote anything but two or three series. But the time to take actual risks is before Super leaves, that's for sure.
Sure, but there's nothing guaranteeing that it will still be able to. Whatever momentum it had is gone, and currently it has a very low audience to bring with it. I think it would be nice to bump it up at least a little and see what happens, but not to overtake some of the hottest current franchises just to see if it will still retain well.
Shippuden had a few instances of that, but HxH has beaten the two before it consistently for months, and it occasionally beats the third before it, *and* it was sometimes beating JoJo every so often.
It's been about 3 months of it now, actually
&gt; they wanted the promo to be action packed and a hook Which is why I think making those "trailers" are much better because they can use past action sequences that are easier to rely on than hoping for action down the road to be able to use, while also not spoiling anything coming ahead. &gt;I do hope if they get another horror/mystery down the line, they take a different promotion approach that isn’t riddled with spoilers Me too. Or just altogether get rid of the "next time" promos and just show some cool moments from the show's "best of" stuff and then couple that with "The Promised Neverland, Saturdays at..." to keep people always updated on airing time, and to get people hyped for it that haven't checked it out yet. Come to think of it, most networks do that
Re-read my comment
&gt; Ideally, I’d pay and see if they can get it the same day as Funimation I think the biggest issue would be Funimation just outright denying them so they get to keep exclusive airing/streaming of it &gt;This day and age it’s important that they keep up with streaming even if it means breaking the traditional tv practices I agree 100%. Something needs to be done. The problem is just that so much of it is really out of their hands.
Sorry about taking so long. I forgot to reply and then lost which comment it was. Anyways, I guess you can look at my MAL profile and especially at the Favorites, plus the series that the character list represents, and the honorable mentions in my profile description as my recommendations. Also feel free to ask about other series on the actual anime list itself that you haven't seen yet. [Here's the profile](https://myanimelist.net/profile/SoundShockPrime)
Right, and that doesn't change what we were saying in this thread. This is more than occasionally beating the thing in front of it, this is consistently beating the hour in front of it every time, and sometimes beating an hour and a half or two hours in front of it. Plus beating JoJo occasionally, but I think that's more on JoJo's own ratings than HxH bringing in an audience.
I really hope they already have it all settled then. Having to put something else in the slot would make for quite the delay.
Wow, really enjoying this so far. Nice atmosphere and excellent drum work. Mind if I tweet this out? &amp;#x200B; I really have no criticisms. I'm always hungry for IDM, and this is a solid combination of styles that I really enjoy. Good, heavy, complex grooves and it's all coming through clearly.
Nice and soothing but with cool grooves and badass drums. Sometimes I feel like it's clipping through during some kicks on certain tracks, but that could just be a stylistic preference type of thing
My pleasure!
IBO is a different timeline and this predates almost everything in the main timeline, so you should be good to go
IBO is actually a completely separate timeline
I just want to know what TPN's replacement is, or just what the schedule is gonna be overall
They're cutting it pretty close again, which has bitten them in the ass several times before
I sure hope so! I'm extremely curious what they might have picked up
It is. IBO is a separate timeline, just like Wing or G Gundam or Seed which are each their own.
Right but most people aren't probably gonna see IGLOO and this is still before the crux of the story kicks off. Also I don't recommend people watch the Unicorn prologue until after they've seen most of the UC timeline as more of a refresher so they don't get spoiled on like 5 other entries
&gt; Dragonar Thank you, just added to my to-watch list
I think they're attached to keeping it paired with Naruto, honestly, and they probably don't want to push *2* long runners up in the schedule
Awesome!
&gt; beating 21 shows ahead of you in 11 weeks is still pretty impressive. It's unheard of. I wonder if it'll happen again, and what show will pull it off
These ratings threads are all the proof you need that quality=/=ratings
&gt;that I believe will go down as an all-time classic It already has, considering it's a critically acclaimed series that's been around since the 90s, and this adaptation, which ended years ago, is still one of the highest rated anime of all time according to aggregate reviews. It's famously one of the most influential series of all time, being a massive influence on Naruto, One Punch Man, Attack On Titan, and Death Note. (All according to their authors) It has one of the strongest legacies in the industry
Actually he already continued past this by the time this anime was made, but they ended it there because of the finality. It was a smart decision, since it's been 5 or so years and the arc that was started before the anime was finished still hasn't concluded yet, but there's 10-20 chapters released a year or so for the manga, so it'll get there eventually.
Also, IIRC, Youpi's design was a nod to Parasyte as well, since I remember Togashi being a fan.
Final Act tho
Super doesn't really count though haha. It's never going to lose to anything else because there's too many casuals who only watch Super and nothing else. It's a big deal. Even then, it's never had the opportunity to beat several shows before it each night, so it still hasn't done that. Not that I'm saying it can't. For some reason if they put Super at the back of the block, it would probably beat every other show still, is what I'm saying. Then it would beat HxH beating 2+ shows before it each night. Super's only ever had the one show before it so it hasn't had a chance to do that. It definitely could though
Yes, I don't remember a time where Super wasn't either the first or second slot
It was their second highest ratings each week. Nothing can possibly top Super's ratings. Punishing it for being second place is so mind numbingly stupid I can't believe it just happened
They were the second highest for the block each week. I doubt it was the ratings. Though they'll take a massive hit in the ratings now
Not if they're shaking off its audience right now. It'll lose practically all momentum, just like every other show they've done this too
They said they're getting tired of working so they want to get Toonami cancelled /s
Everything else is actually at the same time. It's just Toonami as a whole no longer has the early slot, but has a later one
Why downvote, you're right. S1 is fun but loses its luster by the end, and pretty much all the fans agree it drops in quality with each subsequent season
Second place in the ratings is dragging the block down? Guess everything else is also dragging the block down then
Oh right, it swapped places with the TPN slot
Bad bot. Oh wait, it's in your name already
I *did* forget about it. Time sure flies
Honestly it is. You just need to be aware that it's a parody and shouldn't be taken too seriously
Get caught up on Attack on Titan. Too bad you just missed The Promised Neverland, but if you can, absolutely check it out. If you're looking for stuff not exclusively on Toonami, [check out my MAL profile](https://myanimelist.net/profile/SoundShockPrime) specifically read my profile description and check out my favorite series/characters for a list of stuff I'd recommend.
It's hard to explain without spoiling it. Go in blind. When the manga premiered and started making waves, it became incredibly popular in the HxH fanbase for people wanting something like aspects of HxH, if that's any indication on the crossover appeal. It's very psychological and mysterious. Good world building and very clever writing. Definitely give it a try since the first season of the anime is only 13 eps
Just look at the actual ratings. I've seen his Twitter messages, and he frequently isn't truthful on Twitter, historically. There's likely a different reason but he doesn't want to publicly state it. That's happened before
The general idea was that MHA S4 was going to be upfront, and since it's a hot new show that will have many seasons, that it would take Super's place when it's over. Now they've ruined that opportunity, likely because they couldn't get rights to S4 this fall
&gt; the adaption was mediocre Which to me makes the second season of the anime not as good. All it being a poor adaptation means is that the source is good for that portion of the story, but the anime version isn't. &gt;I hope people here love powerpoint presentations. To be honest, with how poor the animation is in Super and Black Clover more than half the time (both are known as some of the worst animated modern anime) I don't think that will be an issue.
&gt; I'm not sure My Hero deserved to fall that much, though It was their second highest ratings each week. It doesn't make any sense to demote it all the way to the back. If anything, it should have at least been before the Naruto hour, which has been underperforming frequently all year.
Right, Super is always going to be first. Also, it isn't a "drop" since My Hero is *before* Super. Super is a "bump" from it. Super has always been a "bump" from anything. And there's always a "drop" after it. Actually, it might not be a bad idea to have extended the block forward more to include an hour before Super. Super is going to pull roughly the same ratings every week regardless of where it is in the block, that's already proven. But continually pushing things back that do have a consistent audience, and then losing that audience, is just making it harder for Toonami to subsist without Super, which they're going to need to figure out since they lose Super not that far away from now
Everyone knows about the Hulu deal, tho. The issue isn't about what Hulu already has, it's about who gets *dub* premiere privileges to S4. Hulu will get subbed with Crunchyroll, but when the dub rolls around, it's still possible for Toonami to get first airing rights. Although, this newest schedule pretty much confirms that although they might have been planning for it, iot's not gonna happen. &gt;were concerned about why it's been holding on to dragon ball's hand for as long as it did What do you mean by this? Just because of its schedule slot? It's one of the most popular modern franchises, and it's been pulling in decent ratings for Toonami (maybe not the astronomical ratings of Super, but still doing well by most of cable's standards) so it makes sense to have it near the front. That just so happens to be near Super depending on which slot it gets, before or after it. Sometimes neither tho
There's still time to catch up for the finale tonight actually!
Sorta like that episode if it was an ecchi, as in everyone orgasms over the food
Think of that HxH episode with Pouf singing Meruem's praises... only everybody does it over food
I see a distinct lack of people being abundantly clear that this is a full-blown ecchi series. That's a pretty big thing to be aware of going in. If you don't like fanservicey episodes of other series like a beach episode or whatever, then you might not like this. The entire "meat" of ecchi is sexualized imagery. Hence the "food orgasms" unofficial tagline of the series. But if you like competition focused stories, or casts of characters to get to know better over time, you'll enjoy it. Just know what you're getting into, is all
The most logical explanation to me is that there's another reason, but they don't want to publicly state it right now. But lying? I don't know if that's any better
To be honest, it's most likely just to give people a way to focus their anger in one spot, while never having a chance to change anything. But it would appease a lot of angry fans at least
Close up shop I guess lol
Honestly, before when there was all that talk of Toonami dying again, I scoffed. But now I think it might actually have a chance of being true.
&gt; then toonami can get the dbs audience into the other shows on the block It's been proven time and time again that the DB Super audience won't watch anything that isn't Dragonball
Really it's more like if Naruto can't do it, there's literally nothing that stands a chance. It's the sad state of narrow-minded fandoms
&gt; I'm willing to trust what he said Well, there's your first mistake
I think the streaming service bloat war is going to go into a few territories. 1) The giants like Netflix and Hulu will always dominate 2) A lot of services will fail and consolidate 3) More streaming bundles like Vrv might pop up. Hell, I could even see Sling picking up some deals to include streaming services in their cable bundles in the future
Like is often said: pirating is a solution to an availability problem. And this streaming bloat is an availability problem.
It was the second highest rated show each week. Ratings likely weren't the real reason here
&gt; this is PR bullshit Classic Demarco
I pooped on his lawn. Am I doing this right? Oh this is about My Hero?
Yep. It's pretty obviously Demarco doing PR bullshit again... like he always does
But it was their number 2 in ratings... so... Clearly people were watching it...
Or the fact that it was their second highest show in ratings
You were expecting Toonami to air a show they've never aired before beginning with the third season?
Don't be sleeping on Lupin!
I'm glad to hear you enjoyed it! Now the wait for Season 2!
He also historically doesn't tell the truth in these types of situations, just say what he can to get the outrage to die down
Because Funi's deal with Hulu likely means it will be a long time before they get a crack at S4 at all. Potential a year+
One Piece's ratings were dropping gradually over time. MHA was still their second highest rating show
So? MHA has consistently had an audience. Nothing is ever going to beat Super, but beating everything else clearly means it was bringing in an audience. Demarco's excuses are often false early on in these situations on Twitter. Usually give it a few weeks or even a few months and they'll say the real reason. It's standard for him
As it is, it's still cutting it close. I'd think they'd want as much time as they could swing to get people prepared, and to build hype.
&gt; Rooster Teeth, Crunchyroll, etc. and there's talk of merging all of them into one That seems like it's an easy transition from Vrv, which is basically RoosterTeeth+Crunchyroll+a few others (but not Funi anymore) so I think that wouldn't be too hard of a maneuver. &gt;They could dump it on there service and make it exclusive which is a horrible idea Oof. I could see this happening. Everyone these days is relying on exclusive streaming content
I didn't even think of that. It's crazy how much pirating seems like the only option for a lot of people
&gt; setting themselves up for future trouble. Absolutely, and almost this exact scenario has happened before. They make a BS excuse, go forward and hope people forget they did, then it gets brought up again when they start acting against their own claims. I could very well see this happening here, too. &gt;I assume at least, Toonami will not stay in this state of being all premiere shows forever. I imagine it'll probably last throughout this year, or at least until they lose another long runner. &gt;could we really not have just kept 10:30 for 7 more weeks, moved MHA back behind Super and ended it that way? They already added Family Guy x2 back to the schedule tonight I think it might have been AS as a whole that decided this. They probably want to try and squeeze in more Family Guy to get as much in as possible before they lose it. Once they lose Family Guy, the block might expand up earlier again if they can't find a good lead in. But losing Family and Super mean that they'll really need some heavy hitters early on, and they just don't seem to be planning for that right now.
That's true. Time will tell. JoJo was also a longer show, though. With MHA, there's only two months left, so by the time any convincing is done, it'll be practically over anyways.
"Minerva, I do not think it is best to redirect Asagenlil to the beast." . She looked over to the NIB agent, "You have to do what *I* say, remember?" . Since the NIB man left someone else in his stead to deal with Minerva, she'd taken to a certain pushiness that bordered on disrespect regarding the NIB as a whole. . "Rumor has it that disaster is coming-" . "Which is why I'm having Asagenlil deal with the beast himself." . "There are threats-" . "There are always threats!" . The agent was silent. He lacked the quiet intimdation that naturally eminated from the NIB man. . Minerva, at her desk, leaned back and spoke as if dealing with a problematic child, "Maybe if you'd found the Gambler by now, we would be able to know the best way to apply Asagenlil." . "If we stick with the Info Brokers, they should lead us straight to the Gambler." . "And how long will that take?" . The NIB agent wasn't certain. They'd expected to have found the Gambler by now, but their watchful surveillance of the Info Brokers hadn't gotten them any closer, though it seemed confirmed that they do, in fact, rely upon his abilities. . "My people gave me another report." Minerva shifted, "The Wattarian Republic's financial sector seems to be betting on our election again." . "They really should have passed the same laws we did." . "They tried, but of course the lobbyists made sure they included a loophole. Why not let their people bet on other countries so long as they obfuscated it enough to keep it from public awareness?" Minerva was run down and fed up. . "What are the trends looking like?" . "Mostly for Kikuchiyo." She couldn't help but sound downtrodden. . The agent kept respectable, "So I suppose they've figured it out then; you're supporting Kikuchiyo." . "Of course they did. It's obvious if you look enough. I don't know if the public is just too stupid or too apathetic, but at least no one here seems to say anything about it." Minerva dropped her shoulders a bit, the tension leaving her as if she'd given up on a small facet of her struggles. . "Well, with the Wattarians involved, it might actually make it easier for Kikuchiyo. You know how the rich can be about protecting their investments after all." . Minerva had had enough, "Just make sure to keep an eye on Asagenlil. I want updates on his tracking of the beast, and I want it handled before anything reaches Auxilium. The last thing we need is the UPIO financial sector getting a scare. We're barely propping up Cowtip as it is." . "Understood," He left feeling sour, knowing that, to her, he was just one of a countless number of unnamed NIB agents, ready to be tossed out like pawns. . But Asagenlil was different. She counted on him now. She needed him. . \*\*\*\*\* . Coda set up a spot that he determined, through extensive experience, was in the path that the beast was currently taking. He hated waiting around for something to come to him, yet his jitteriness that was a part of this displeasure kept him ready to fight at a moment's notice. He paced, snacking on junk food he bought from a gas station while he waited. . Elsewhere, passing by one of several gas stations constructed at the edge of the city, Alicia was hurrying through the desert. Her hours-long journey stumbling through te desert in a haze of withdrawals made for a nightmarishly unpleasant day. Though the sand was soft, she couldn't help but see it as the hardened, cracked skin of the world with hands reaching out for her. Wincing from the putrid vision, she grabbed at her missing arm. Realizing what she'd done, and, slightly embarassed, she angrily continued on, dehydrated and full of craving. . Every so often, she felt like collapsing and giving way to the heat and desire, letting her body writhe away into dust, becoming another speck of desert like so many before her. Turthfully, the only thing keeping her going was the prospect of another "fix." To fight for something one wants might be seen as the ultimate ambition for some. But she was desparate for it. Clawing away against life and death like an animal backed into a corner. . One more high. One more. Just one. Then she'd be okay. . Alicia was about to find out very soon whether a fighter's high would be enough. Before it had been. But she'd rarely, if ever, let herself fall to this level of withdrawals. Her stomach irked. The blood within her boiled. The inside of her skin itched. She melted into sweat and was frozen by the non-existent winds of time. . Eventually she came to the base of the mountain as the world around her progressed in its characteristically clock-work fashion. Somehow outside of it all, yet stil a part of it, her path came fleetingly upon another's. It was due to her own experience as a fighter, as her thoughts fought through the veil of delirium, that brought her here. It was an alcove untouched by humanity... that is, aside from the scraps and wrappers of junk food left behind. . "You might want to be careful around here," Coda said to her, standing a ways off with some salted snack. . "The beast will coem through here." . "That's right." . "Then *you're* the one who might want to be careful," She said. . Coda spat a crumb out of his mouth, then continued chewing, "So that's how it is." . \*\*\*\*\* . They were waking up slowly, those who were recovering. Some gnawed their lips in a tense self-imprisonment within their minds. Others turned over in their sleep, each bed a grave for the living. Rowen helped ferry the injured and delirious to the tents, as if shelter would help. The truth was that no shelter could possibly deviate from the line of thought that each was beginning to ponder. The Argent Industry workers reacted each in their own manner. Laughing, silence, rocking and murmuring, scratching. Most slept even still. None cried. . The tents did little even to shield from the wind, as it so happened. Rowen stood to the side and felt the breeze work its way through the fabric with each gust. The flapping of the tents became their own kind of ominous voices. Perhaps the tents were speaking to each other, sharing the toils within, the futility of each one's life. For how could the thinly constructed tents shelter from what was ailing the inhabitants? What shelter is there from an inner beauty, an inner horror, the realization that the universe itself is both ending and claustrophobically suffocating you? It was a problem simultaneously too large and too small to face with a mere contraption meant to provide a sense of comfort in nature. A problem too grand, yet too intimate. Too personal, yet impersonal. A problem too primordial, both to human psychology and to nature itself. . Rowen stood back, watching, thinking, "How many made it out? How many are still inside?" . Leaving the tent, Rowen realized that there was a sense of unease and dread which none could finger, nor ignore. No one felt safe anymore. Somehow, the beast leaving the cave had awakened a truth within each of them. . "What was with that light?" Rowen asked himself, wondering what it was that so many of the workers had seen. . But as they recovered, Rowen also realized that few were daring to re-enter the cave. People were being pulled out, but no one else was going back in for the others. Leaving behind the slumbering majority, Rowen stood before the mouth of the mountain to be swallowed so that he may find the trapped few. . "Guess I finally get to go in, now." . \*\*\*\*\* .
"How are we supposed to find them?" Matt was following Roy through the alleys. . Roy blindly knew when to take a wider stride in his creaking walk, and when to avoid touching the walls. The piss may have been dried, but the smell remained. In some areas, Matt even swore he saw lichen forming. Roy knew exactly which trash bags could be scooted aside, and which were not to be touched. As they walked by one dumpster, he grabbed a half-eaten sandwich, which had been soaked with alcohol leaking from a crushed can in the same bag. The jingling aluminum and glass of the alcoholic's day's work woke a homeless woman, who otherwise wouldn't have been noticed by Matt and Banda as she had completely covered herself in trash for warmth. It was getting to be another spell of cold nights, the homeless could tell. The southerly winds always brought with them a cold front which proved particularly potent in the desert nights. . Banda's stomach growled, "Anything for me?" She didn't seem to mind at all that the only food Roy ate was discarded; the scraps of another. . "Have your pick." . They walked by an upturned trash can lid, with a circle of morsels and unidentifiable, yet edible displays, like a food tray at an evening party. . Banda grabbed a mysterious clump of squishy, sponge-like substance that reeked of cheese, "I try this." . Matt spat in lieu of gagging. He was still sour his question hadn't been answered, but he was even moreso embarassed by his anger earlier, and this embarassment outweighed his sourness enough to keep quiet for the time being. . "Good choice," Roy said. . After a time, Matt and Banda were led to another spot where some of Body's crew were dealing. It was a corner like any other. The cops rolled by, waving to the kids, who passed on the alert to the dealers and body guards. The watchers kept out of sight and relayed the information inward to the people in charge of the block. One of Body's trusted gunmen had just driven off, telling the soldiers at this location that there would be no re-up for the day, due to the confusion and the potential dangers regarding Marla's crew. The driver also had asked them the location of Hopper and a few others. The shrugs were easily legible from the distance where Roy, Matt, and Banda stood, watching. . "We're not getting anything here." Matt angrily muttered before moving farther down the alleyway. . Banda shivered. Roy instantly noticed through the corner of his eye. . He got closer to her, "Are you looking for a hit?" . Banda was looking off, watching the dealers deal and the junkies score. . "Let me guess, not in front of the boy?" . Banda shivered slightly, then looked back at Matt, who was pouting, kicking an empty tissue box at the wall in frustration. . "Are you trying to ween off?" . Banda shook, watching the junkies celebrate as they left the dealer. . "One hit to get you through the hump and let you come down slowly?" . Banda started shaking her head. . "Cold turkey?" . She finally spoke, "Afraid." . "Afraid of it?" . She nodded. . "Well *that's* understandable." . Down the alleyway, beyond Matt, a blacked out car drove by. . "Hey!" Matt shouted. . Inside the car, Bandage and Bandana were giving Dwyer the same old talk. They had several different pills with them. Dwyer wanted to ask what it was the other pills did, but he couldn't make the words come out. His chin simply quivered. Eventually, he took to pointing to one. . "That's not for this job, but we were hoping you'd give it a try." The pill was colored differently, yet was transluscent in the light, "This one's not really for your type, but it can greatly increase your Ren several times over." . Dwyer was told this was a rush job, and that the other pill would be added payment for the expediency. As such, they advised him to take it after the job was done and he'd come off of the previous drug. "Overlapping might prove unpredictable," they were saying. The fact that they gave him the pill now instead of trying to find him afterward said a great deal to Dwyer. Either they expected him to die, or they weren't going to bother finding him afterward. In one hopeful interpretation: after this job, he'd be free. . They'd shown Dwyer the place he was to attack, then they dumped him off a few blocks away. Marla's crew wouldn't know what hit them. Dwyer sat in the street staring at the two pills, making sure not to confuse the two. Pocketing them, and keeping his hand clenched around them in his pocket so that they wouldn't fall out, Dwyer pulled his way along to the sidewalk. He sat there, looking out into the street to make sure he didn't drop either one. . "Maybe I should just take these and run." He thought, "No way. They'd know I didn't do what I was supposed to, and they'd find me afterward. Of course they'll kill me. Even with the pills I wouldn't be able to put up much of a fight against them and their whole supply!" . And so Dwyer talked himself into swallowing the pocket-lint-tasting pill. With the adrenaline surging through him, he was able to walk much better now, and began making his way toward Marla's crew. However, the effects weren't as strong as before. Though he retained some of his normal consciousness, he didn't feel as powerful as he did the other times. . "Is this a bad batch? Or has this been getting weaker each time I use? Can I really be building up an immunity this quickly?" . Sounds beyond a certain range faded out. The sound from behind him was washed into a low hum, and seemed to be coming from below him, instead of from behind. His peripherals were warped, darkened. The center of his vision was much brighter than normal. The fact he realized all this proved that his tolerance had increased rapidly. He wondered if he'd even be able to complete his task, but then began questioning why he had any reason to worry. His confidence began to take hold again, and he was having a hard time remembering what he was just asking himself a few minutes earlier. . In a different part of the city, Body's most trusted errand runner, Pale K, was in a parked car by a small store that had been closed down a year prior and yet was still derelict. In the passenger seat of the car, Scoot nervously watched a squad car pull up and park. Detective Papaya, visibly annoyed, got out and went in. Papaya, now inside, looked around, checking to make sure this wasn't a trap. He'd never been to this particular location before, and it was far enough away from the bustling main streets that he feared a gunshot might go unnoticed. The door opened behind him. He swung around as Pale K and Scoot entered. . "Jumpy?" Pale K asked of Papaya. . "Whose this? Wait," He looked Scoot up and down, "Scoot." . "Ah," Pale K turned to Scoot and smiled, "you really *are* capable of detective work." . "So, what's he doing here?" . "He has a couple of descriptions you'll be needing." . Papaya looked over Scoot, who was obviously worried, "What? I take him back with me?" . "When we're done here." . Scoot remained silent the entire time. He was afraid of the police, yes. However, his fear for Pale K far eclipsed that of his fear of the law. . Papaya turned away from them, scoping the place out like a police should, "What is it this time? Body have something I need to do?" . Pale K nodded slowly, "Yeah. We need you to push up on Marla. We think she's hit our boys." . "Got Deuce I heard," Papaya said. . "Got Deuce." . "So what? I bust a few heads?" . Pale K was extremely understanding of his plight, or at least sounded that way, "All we need is for you to do some police work. Find out if it really was them." . "Who else could it be?" . "We don't know." . "Ah," Papaya chuckled to himself, "so you're just asking me to do my job this time?" . "Essentially." . "All these requests to look away... and now you want me to do actual work. It's honestly a little funny, you know that?" . Scoot finally spoke, "That bitch Marla really stepped too far! Pop her ass already!" . Pale K quieted him down, "If she did it, we wouldn't mind you taking some of their supply. If not, we still wouldn't mind. But either way, Body's going to be making some moves, and we'd appreciate it if there was no interference." . "Okay, I get it." Papaya said, "Keep ignoring my job so long as it involves you. But put all that lost effort into cracking down on Marla? Do I have that right?" . K shrugged, "So long as you find out what we want to know, it's up to you how you do it." . Papaya looked to Scoot, "And Scoot?" . K spoke slowly, but not in a condescending way, just taking care with his enunciations, "Scoot has some descriptions that might help you narrow down your search. Two people you might want to look into." . "Alright... but just so you know, it looks like Marla's gearing up for something, too." . "Going into hiding?" . "Preparing for a retaliation of her own. That's what it looks like. Maybe rolling out the carpet for you." . Scoot couldn't keep quiet any longer, "Yo, K, you'll be picking me up from the station right?" . "Body's gonna have someone for you." . Papaya looked at them both, "Look, who ever it is that comes, can you just do it around the corner from us. At least make us pretend you aren't on our doorstep." . "Pretend." Pale K turned to leave, talking to himself as he exited, "That's all you do anyways." . Pale K returned to Body to inform him of the exchange. Hav, Hopper, and Calvera watched over Dwyer as he progressed toward Marla's people. Papaya took Scoot to the station to put together a mock-up based on his descriptions, while Banda, Matt, and Roy found themselves about to be forced between two storm fronts, as the weather found itself changing overhead, blowing south and growing colder by the hour. . \*\*\*\*\* .
In the hours Alicia spent walking amongst the sand, Forde, Brandon, and Onyx were able to secure a printed record of phone calls tied to that location over the last year using the authority linked with Brandon's Hunter's license. Forde and Brandon each took note of numbers that appeared numerous times, then cross-referenced them with each other. After going through the packets, which they divided equally between each other, they were not only able to confirm that a steady communication was kept with a shipping yard in Maremortuus, but with several other locations as well. One such location was with a firm that seemed linked to Auxilium Insurance, and one was linked with another building, which, upon further inspection, seemed close enough to Crater Town to be essentially a part of it. Since they'd have to travel to Maremortuus to secure the phone records for the shipping yard, as it was not legal to do so over the phone or internet, and the insurance companies and other financial institutions were protected by laws which required police involvement in order to investigate, Brandon and Forde went back to the phone company and secured records for the building near Crater Town. Around the time Alicia was first encountering Coda, and Jerens was making his way inside the residence, Brandon and Forde were finishing their way through a new packet of records. . Using nearly identical methods, Forde and Brandon were able to find out that calls were regularly made, mostly on a fixed schedule, with several other buildings. When the calls would stop at one location, they'd continue at another along the same schedule. One such previous location was very nearby, as it so happened. Making their way along to what they figured was the newest location, they decided to take a quick look at the one location, where Forde even considered using his abilities once more. The two walked, stopping briefly to let Onyx eat some gas station food and urinate. During this time, Forde seemed to be rather anxious, as if they were wasting time. . "What's wrong? The prior location's not going anywhere, and the newest location will be easiest to scope out at night anyways," Brandon reasoned. . "It's nothing," Forde lied, not sharing with Brandon what he suspected might happen, "just rumors." . "Rumors of what?" . "It's all fuzzy. People just seem worried right now." . "Okay." Brandon wasn't sure what to make of it, "Aren't people always worried about something?" . "You're right," Forde put on a fake laugh. . Onyx finished up, and, feeling refreshed, shook off before excitedly rejoining Brandon. They walked, with Onyx making sure to stick closer to Brandon than Forde. It was clear as day that Onyx still didn't trust Forde as much, but he never trusted anyone like he did Brandon. Still, Brandon took care to be careful around him, especially after their previous conversation. They arrived at the previous location, looking for an entrance. Much to their surprise, a one-sided conversation seemed to be echoing inside. . "Maybe it's not so abandoned after all," Brandon whispered to Forde. . The fur on Onyx's back raised, following his spine from head to tail. . Forde was close behind Brandon, then responded, "Maybe I should stay back. I *am* supposed to be more of an observer, anyways." . "Sure," Brandon didn't object, "Maybe this is why he was on edge? Could he have known we were going to encounter someone here?" He thought afterward. . So Forde waited outside as Brandon and Onyx entered. The terse words grew louder. The intense breathing more audible. Feet scuffled against the floor, grating with sand beneath the two. . "You better show yourself now," Jewels declared to his intruder, "or else I'll kill him." . Onyx proceeded carefully. Brandon commanded him to stay until he said otherwise. Then, Brandon stepped from out of cover. . "*You*," Jewels called to him, "are clearly not police. A *Hunter*, perhaps, but I can tell you're not police." . "How very astute," Brandon stopped coming any closer. . A man was tied up on the chair, "What have you done with my feet?! What did you do to my feet?!" . Brandon looked, confusedly, at the man's feet. . Jewels looked at Brandon carefully, "If I were you, I'd be very careful what I do next." . Brandon thought about what medicines he had in his belt's tiny compartments. Pain killers and the like might not be necessary, but the man's mysterious circumstances did seem to come with some sense of harm. His feet were there, seemingly intact, but there easily could be a non-visible explanation for the torture the bound man was going through. Brandon subconsciously moved his hands closer to his belt. . "What did I say?" Jewels slowly raised his hand, revealing a gun he'd kept hidden from Brandon behind his back. . As a reflex, Brandon thought to act. However, Jewels kept it pointed squarely at the man's head, and not Brandon. . "Yeah, I know how this works." Jewels said. . "Do it!" The man yelled, "Put me out of my misery you sick fuck!" . Jewels looked at Brandon coyly, "Well, we seem to be at an impasse. If you move, he dies. But, the thing is, *he* wants to die. Only I get the impression that *you* want to save him. Honestly, I think I've gotten about as much use out of him as I can." . Brandon made sure to keep his hands away from his belt, thinking over everything he had on him at the moment. . "You're thinking of this as a hostage situation, right? Only thing is, this is an interrogation. First, him. Now, you." . Brandon thought to himself about what he just said, "What is this guy after?" . "Shut the fuck up!" The man yelled. . "Oh, I intend to, once I ask my question. The thing you seemed to have forgotten is that you need to be quiet while others are talking so that you can hear them," Jewels softly scolded the bound man. . In the moment, Brandon inched closer. . Jewels narrowed his brow, "You know, I saw that," He looked back to Brandon, "so let's not do that again, okay? Your best option is exactly what I need. And what I need is for you to answer some questions." . Brandon was quiet, unsure how to react next, "What is it you want to know?" . Surprisingly, Brandon was just as conversational. . "Now that's how I like things to go," Jewels relaxed his posture a bit. . "Kill me!" . "Wait your turn, I'm dealing with a guest," Jewels lowered the gun to about his hip, still trained on the man as he spoke to Brandon, "First off, how did you know I was here?" . Brandon saw no reason to lie, "I didn't." . "So you mean to tell me that Marla's people don't know I'm here?" . Brandon wasn't sure how to answer. . "Let me rephrase my question: Are you allied with Marla?" . "A Hunter... allied with Marla?" Brandon found it odd that he seemed to think it possible. . "So you clearly don't know as much about the criminal element in this city as I thought. You know Body's crew?" . "Yeah." . "How do you think they've gotten away with so much?" . Brandon didn't answer even though he knew the answer. . Jewels nodded to himself, "I know you're not with them. If you were, you'd have let me kill him already." He waved the gun vaguely in the bound man's direction. . "Just kill us both! You're a Hunter, do something!" The man demanded. . Jewels sighed, then bent down and touched the man. He began choking afterward, unable to speak out any longer. . "Don't worry," Jewels assured Brandon, "he's in no real danger." . "You're pointing a gun at him." . "And you're stopping me from shooting him." . Brandon was determined to learn anything he could about this man, "What's the next question?" . "You lawful types can't do anything with most of the information you have. You need warrants. You have a code of ethics. You have your laws. I already have all the evidence I need, I just need locations." Jewels took his time, letting Brandon understand what he'd meant with his monologuing, "So where do Body's people, the ones that don't touch the drugs, where do they come through? Is there a pattern?" . "I don't know all that. They're very careful." . "That's a shame." . Brandon realized he needed to act fast before Jewels killed the man in his dissatisfaction, "Didn't this guy give you anything?" . "*This guy* gave me plenty. He's one of Marla's scouts, so he had some to say, but wouldn't give up much on Marla. You win some, you lose some." . "If you're after Body's crew, why take one of Marla's people?" . "The enemy of my enemy may have information I could use." . "And is now also your enemy." . Jewels nodded, "Marla's people became my enemy the moment they joined her network. Same with anyone else selling drugs. You oughta feel the same." . Brandon thought it best to keep the conversation going as long as possible, hoping for Forde to bring help, "I'm a Terrorist Hunter." . "So, what? Narcotics are beneath you?" Jewels thought for a second, "You know, you never told me why you're here. I mean, *I'm* no terrorist." . Suddenly, Brandon saw a way out, "I actually need that scout for an interrogation myself." . "Oh? Well then let me help you," He bent down and touched the man again. . The choking stopped, followed by coughing, "Were you just... going to... suffocate me!?" .
Brandon was beginning to suppose how his ability might work. . "We're going back to how things were before he showed up. Only this time, our new friend is going to be asking the questions, got it?" . Brandon didn't know how to feel about what he'd just done. In one sense, he was keeping this man alive. In another, he was only able to do so by subjecting him to torture. . "Well? Go on and ask a question then?" Jewels said, "Or is torture not something you're willing to do to stop a terrorist?" . Brandon took a step closer. . "Uh-uh. He can hear you just fine from there." Jewels reminded Brandon of the gun in his hand, which was cheap and unkempt, indicating that it was likely the bound man's. . "Makes sense," Brandon thought, "he's probably lethal enough as a Nen user." His focus locked in on the weapon, "Can't say for sure how skilled he might be with it," then back to the man in the chair, "not that it'd matter in regards to him killing his captive." . "Isn't there anything you wanted to know?" Jewels toyed with Brandon. . Brandon knew the moment he asked anything, he'd be complicit, at least in his mind, with Jewels and his methods. He needed to find another way out, and fast. The longer he hesitated, the closer Jewels was to killing the man, and attempting to kill Brandon as well. . "Please! Just kill me!" The man pleaded. . Jewels looked at the man, then at Brandon, "Well? Did you want to give him his wish?" Or did you want to catch a terrorist?" . Brandon swore he heard something behind him, but he couldn't tell. Fearing it might have been Onyx, he couldn't help but wince. . "Who is it now?" Jewels asked, "Come out, too. Let's keep everything out in the open." . Slowly, Forde shuffled out behind Brandon, whispering, "Brandon, we should get going." . "Now you want to leave?" Jewels cocked his head, "Oh, I get it now. You were just stalling for time, weren't you?" . Brandon didn't look at Forde, "You can tell that he's not a fighter, can't you?" . "We both know that when it comes to Nen, looks can be deceiving." Jewels looked Forde up and down, "Though I can see he's clearly not police as well. Probably not even a Hunter. But definitely a Nen user." . "Look, just give us the man and we can interrogate him on our own terms." . Jewels looked them over, one to the other, "I'm beginning to think that my interrogation of *you*," referring to Brandon, "needs to be conducted differently. An then I can move on to your friend as well." . "Brandon," Forde urged, "we need to leave." . Just then, a high window cracked open as a metallic canister broke through it, trailing a gas. The tear gas landed right at the feet of Jewels and the bound man, spewing forth the pain inducing substance into the cramped air. . Jewels was unaffected, "I see your police friends are here, then." . Brandon stepped forth, "No, it's-" . Jewels shot the man in the head, his cerebral-spinal fluid and blood twirling and splattering behind him. Still, he seemed relieved, in that moment, to have finally had the pain he was living in end. Just as soon as Brandon realized what happened, he used his **Gods Hand** ability and Transmuted a twelve-foot high hand of his aura. It was just big enough to cover both himself and Forde, as Jewels began taking shots at them. . Brandon turned behind himself, "Onyx!" . As Onyx came running toward him, leaping into his hands, Jewels made his way out of the building, with audible shooting heard from after. Brandon then used his ability, **Indra Rebirth**, to bring forth the entirety of the aura avatar, Indra, and condense it to encompass Forde, and Forde alone. With his strength and speed enhanced, Forde was able to follow Brandon as he carried Onyx, jumping up to one of the windows. As a special tactics unit of the NAPD rushed into the building from every entrance, Brandon, Forde, and Onyx fled through the window, clearly in view of the police, who were more busy dealing with Jewels to take proper notice, especialy as they didn't expect someone to escape from within in such a way. . "Come on!" Brandon commanded of Forde, armored by Indra. . They leapt across the rooftops until they got to a point where the difference in height made it impossible to proceed, and made their way down a fire escape to street level. As Indra dissipated, Brandon caught his breath. Forde was amazed at the feeling of the power bestowed upon him temporarily. Brandon let Onyx down to pee in the alleyway. . "That's the way it goes," Forde said, joining Onyx, "when you get frightened." . Brandon looked at them both, "I couldn't save him." . "What a horrible coincidence," Forde watched the urine puddle up by his feet and moved accordingly so as to avoid it with his feet. . Brandon took a few deep breaths, "Was it a coincidence?" . Forde finished up, "What do you mean?" He was looking for something to wipe his hands with. . "You didn't know that was going to happen?"' . Forde looked at him strangely, "How could I?" . Brandon looked down at the urine, "It's like you pissed on the city itself." . It was an observation half-in-jest. . "We're fugitives now, aren't we?" . "Why would we be?" Though Brandon couldn't help but feel as if he deserved to be one as the guilt swam up and played in his mind. . "The police saw us, didn't they?" . "I'm a Hunter," Brandon said, "and the police here are corrupt. The last thing they want to do is make an enemy of me." . It was the first time Forde felt intimidated by something Brandon said. . \*\*\*\*\* .
Minerva felt confident after the way she'd dealt with the NIB earlier, particularly regarding Asagenlil. It was an empowering feeling to finally stand up to someone she'd only recently realized held control over her actions and thoughts for so long. Even if it was only a small rebellion. She retreated to her office after hashing out a budget plan for changes to the campaign route for the candidates of the upcoming election. With Manzo Fujiwara, the absentee Cowtip Governor, being effectively out of the race, it meant that funding accomdations for debates could be simplified. Kyuzo Miyaguchi, de facto "leader" of Fisher's Paradise in Cowtip, tried to put up as much of the funding for his own security as he could, opting out of help from Minerva for obvious reasons. Through generous donations to Kikuchiyo Mifune, the Ridge Floor Village philanthropist, Minerva was able to help him stay the preferred candidate without being overtly obvious to the public, as the news companies wouldn't dare reporting such a fact about someone who payed their bills regularly. . The budget meeting had worn her out, though. Easy as it was, there was one thought lingering on her mind. The fact that foreign elements had seen through her so easily, and were now capitalizing on it troubled her to no small extent. Adding onto that, the "wetwork" industry was at an all-time low, as operatives were being killed left and right. There were still military "kill squads" to rely on, but the military itself wasn't in any shape to help out Minerva, nor would they want to. Attica was their favored Representative, as he often funneled money through them, albeit for his own machinations, but the right palms were greased anyhow. . She opened the locked door to her office, revealing smoke from within, "Oh." She couldn't help making an audible noise as a reflex. . The NIB man sat in the dark, smoking. He said nothing. . Minerva walked inside, feigning her newfound confidence, "The least you could do is warn me when you're coming." . "No," He ashed what he was smoking. . Minerva was surprised by the lack of any elaboration. She sat down behind her desk, feeling safer behind it, leaving *something* between them. . "You've been giving my people trouble." He said bluntly, "And you're not listening." . "Listening to what?" . "We have intel on some potential movement in Auxilium. This may have come from the Gambler, which means it may not have happened yet. The sheer volume of noise generated about it seems to indicate two things: a lot of people know about it, so it's probably something big, and no one knows how to react, so they don't know what is going to happen, exactly." . Minerva repeated what she told the agent earlier, "If you guys had found the Gambler-" . "Don't start that." He said, calmly exhaling, "Now you've got Asagenlil tied up. I think it's time we push some more applicants through into wetwork. We need more bodies." . Minerva was beginning to feel afraid, and she didn't know why, "What purpose would that serve?" . "The influx of Hunters. Asagenlil dispatched some, but all that's done is attract more. With them are some dangerous people, I'm sure. It's simple: when any of them get close to what they shouldn't, they'll get removed." . Minerva wasn't buying the excuse, fearing other potential reasons for the NIB man's desire for more assassins for the Government, "Wouldn't that just attract more attention from the Hunter's Assoc-" . "Enough of the act." He blew out more smoke into the room. "Face it already. The Association has known intimate details of all of your corruption and everyone else's. The UPIO is just too small and inconsequential to matter. They know. They always have. They just never cared." . "What's the real reason for the wetwork then?" She asked, hiding her embarassment after what he had just said. . "The foreign agents, Attica, certain organizations within the country. Take your pick." . Minerva couldn't argue with him. . She never could, "Anyone in mind?" . "There's one that you've met. Barrett Kal. Former kill squad. Just one step away from proper wetwork. Just need to initiate him." . The process of the initiation was a rather insidious one. In order to test loyalty, and to ensure that every wetwork operative knew what was to become of them if they should retire on their own terms, a new operative's first, or sometimes second or third, mission was to eliminate a former wetwork operative who had retired. The retired operatives were chosen only as those who retired straight out of wetwork, and who had been involved with "sensitive" missions in their career. If a wetwork operative should alter their career into a different field afterward, they usually faired much better. The more public the position the safer they were. . "Just in case," The NIB man added, "it'll be a mission *with breath-mint*." . Minerva had known what that meant, but she didn't know the mechanics behind how it worked. She thought it best not to occupy her time with such harsh realities. . The NIB man got up to leave, "I'd advise against relying too much on Asagenlil for everything." . Minerva asked herself, "Is he worried I'll use Asagenlil against the NIB? Asagenlil's just as tied to them as he is to me, given the nature of his power. Maybe he's sending a message that Asagenlil will be assassinated if things get out of hand? Or is he really trying to tell me to 'stay in my lane' else they'll 'remove' me?" . The NIB man left yet again. The room instantly felt safer after he left, as if the smoke carried with it some air of toxicity beyond the usual chemicals burned. . "Is he?" She thought, finding it hard to finish the question, even in her mind, "Is he... a Nen user?" . \*\*\*\*\* .
Coda and Alicia lay in wait. The beast was nearing them, they both could feel it. Soon enough, they'd both hear it. The air tensed up just as they did. They hid their aura using Zetsu so that the beast wouldn't sense their presence and alter its course. The ground rumbled in a jagged rhythm. Coda looked to Alicia. . "It's time," she said to herself. . Using **Ghost Hand**, Alicia Transmuted her aura into a new hand, replacing her missing one, and reached up to grab her swords, Oratorio and Requiem, for the oncoming battle. . "Hey," Coda whispered, "wait for it to get closer before using your Nen like that." . "Just stay out of my way." . "Your funeral." . Then, Alicia sad, more to herself than to Coda, "Now you'll witness why they call me the Iron Slasher!" . "Alright, I'll put it on your tombstone, then." . The beast toppled trees as it ran, desperately and recklessly crashing through the foliage. Alicia used her ability, **Fire Blade: Oratorio**, to turn her blade super hot with an application of Shu to the sword, which was currently in her right hand. Coda began preparing himself by cupping his hands around his mouth. . "You might want to wait to move in until I'm done." He said to Alicia. . Just after that, Alicia ran forward. . "Dammit," Coda lowered his hands. . The beast showed itself, shaded by the taller trees around, as it knocked a tree toward Alicia by accident. She deftly avoided trouble by sidestepping it, then running atop it toward the beast, which hadn't seemed to notice her yet. She was readying for a slash when it finally did, and was barely able to make an attempt to evade, winding up with a scorching slash along its arm. Clearly pained, it smacked its hand along the ground, unable to handle the pain as if it were a frightened child. Alicia wasn't sure what to make of its reaction, and moved in again. The beast scrambled back, trying to flee. . It remained in the shade as much as it could, only knocking trees over in attempts at slowly Alicia down. However, she easily sliced through each falling trunk, only occasionally being slowed as she was forced to evade some of the larger logs which she hadnt expected. Coda followed along, keeping enough of a distance to ensure that the beast hadn't noticed him yet. Still, he found it hard to keep up with the two. . Finally, Alicia closed the gap once more. Only this time, the beast turned, its face beginning to illuminate. Alicia ignored this revelation, as the thrill of closing in to strike overwhelmed her, and her years of training with masters gave her confidence that she could strike before the beast could do whatever it was that it was trying to do. It was a matter of experiential difference in her mind. Clearly this beast wasn't used to fighting. Not like she was. Human versus nature in her mind could be an obstacle overcome through experience and training, and this was the direct test of that theory. . Just then, a thunderous boom pierced her ear drums and rattled the leaves. The beast seemed unaffected, but as Alicia was taken to the ground, her gaze was taken from the beast, which had given up its attempt at retaliation as a result. As Alicia writhed on the ground in pain, the beast returned to fleeing. It no longer knocked trees over if it didn't need to, and stayed low, under the canopy. . "Damn!" Coda was again lowering his hands from his mouth, "It wasn't effective at all!" He passed by Alicia, "Sorry! But, I did tell you not to move in!" . Of course, there was no way she could hear him. She was momentarily deaf, and her brain still vibrated with the intense bass of the noise from before. It took a few minutes before she could stand again without feeling dizzy. The sound came as a result of Coda using **Nioi Shift** on his voice, turning a simple shout into a rumbling force. Coda meant to use it to stun the beast before Alicia moved in, but, seeing it gear up for some mysterious move, he thought that it might be possible to stun the beast before it would attack. Things turned out much differently, though, as it became clear that sound-based attacks had no effect on the beast. . "I think I see what's going on here," Coda said, almost getting the beast in range, "you're staying out of the light, and you use light as a weapon. That must be your method of self-defense from your own kind where you come from, huh?" Coda fished in his pockets, "Shit. Guess I left my flashlight behind. That leaves one other option..." He cupped his hands around his mouth again, "But this will leave me too exhausted to keep up, so I better make it count." . Using **Nioi Shift**, Coda then shouted again, this time combining it with his other ability, **Transduce Nioi**, to transform the immense sound into light. The burning flash of light heated Coda's hands, and left faint scorch markes on the leaves nearest him. Their slight browning faded after just a few feet from where he shouted, though. The blast of light hit the beast, however, it was obstructed slightly by a few trees. Coda landed, barely able to breath or move his body. The beast had been far enough away, and just shielded enough, that it took the pain in stride, writhing to a slow as it panicked, then exasperatedly fled again, with an increased ferver. . "Well," Coda said between breaths, "I guess... it... *is* hurt... by light..." . After this, the beast came upon several other groups of Hunters, who all failed. Miraculously, none were killed, though several were severely wounded and wound up with some permanent injuries. Despite the collective efforts of everyone pursuing the beast, it was still heading for Auxilium, and would likely reach the city in just over an hour. The Desert Rangers were tasked with setting up a barricade just outside the city along with some contracted Hunters and other Nen users. The beast was heading right for them. Only things would not, as is commonly the case in the UPIO, turn out how anyone expected regarding this particular situation. . \*\*\*\*\* .
Jerens was staring at the note when his partner began to leave. However, she stopped. Her silence eventually caught his attention. . "Jerens?" She asked. . He finally looked up from the note, "What is it?" . "What do you think this wire is?" . Jerens then noticed the object in question. A wire trailed from the frame of the door off into the cabinets. . "That looks like it's a basic alarm system. Normally they'd bury the wire in the wall, but there's probably a rule against that here." He told her, recognizing the familiar cording. . "Alright. I'll go call this in. Maybe if we tripped an alarm, there's already someone on there way?" . "Maybe it was disabled so someone could break in?" Jerens spoke while tracing the wire with his eyes. . "Does it seem cut?" . "Don't think so." He looked around, "maybe it's just not here that they did it, though." . She finally began to leave, "Alright. I'll go call this in." . "I'll try and find signs of a break in." . "Good thinking," Then she left to return just out front. . She hadn't even left the building yet when Jerens began searching the place for a wall-mounted security unit. After some time, he returned to the door and followed the wire again. It disappeared from view along the cabinets, which Jerens just assumed was due to his angle of vision. His oblique perspective seemed to be representative of his life in full. He pondered prior cases, where he was just out of reach of the true heart of what was going on. Just out of reach. . On the other end of the cabinets, the cord dipped down to the floor. It was as he followed this that Jerens noticed that the fridge seemed like it had been moved. Assuming that the cord went behind it somewhere, as it didn't come back out the other side, he attempted to move the fridge, but found it too heavy to do so alone. Giving up, he then placed his face against the unclean floor to peer underneath in his attempt to relocate the cord. Though he could not see the cord, he did notice a sticky residue that seemed to be the remains of a dried puddle which seemed to have leaked from the fridge's door. . Never again shall a person think that their small actions don't hold grand effects. Not after learning of such events in history. A small thing. An ordinary thing. That is sometimes all it takes to redirect the course of many. The drops in the river. The breath on dust. Too grand of statements for something as ordinary and inconsequential as an everyday occurrence. Yet inconsequential this particular instance was not. . Jerens got up onto one knee. His knee cap ached against the cold, hard flooring. His hand gripped the smudged white plastic of the fridge door. He leaned to gain a slightly better leverage so as to break the suction seal. The door opened with a brisk breeze. The light inside had barely clicked on when it had happened. The light hit his face, and for him, that light was the passage beyond. It was in that exact instant. Vapor. . The wire connected to the door was indeed one used for basic home security systems. It alerted a system to activate. Normally this would be a signal, should the system be set that way. In this case, it was the first step. When a fridge door is opened it sends a signal to a light to illuminate the interior for the viewer. This light spills out along with the cold regularly. This was the second step. Vapor is a substance, normally as a liquid or solid, diffused into the air. It can also be a sudden feeling of nervousness or depression. . The first step armed the system. The second activated it. It was a simple setup. Two doors need be opened. That was all. To vaporize is the act of turning that liquid or solid into air. Into nothingness. Voiding. In a sense, it may also be the act of inducing a sudden sense of nervousness or depression. . Jerens. The elderly in the building. His partner calling in outside. A mom and her daughter, arguing about Gorick while running a store at the edge of the city. Kyuzo, Umbra, and the rest of the security team in his hotel. Just as Kyuzo's saying went, the kids playing in the park. The children beyond it, now in school. The bus drivers. Their parents at work. The homeless in the streets. The fiends and the dealers alike. Veterans who'd seen too much of what life could muster up. Those who hadn't had the chance yet. Vaporized. . The lavish stretch of commerce and tourism. The hospitals and comedy clubs and bars. The parks and alleyways and districts of varying housing costs. The police and fire stations. The banks and insurance headquarters. Gone. . The bright and lustering city now only glew and lustered with a singular light. In the middle of this mass grave, a flower was bestowed, reaching out into the clouds. No grand building could compare or compete. The seldom few that didn't fall were dwarfed by its magnificence. It could be seen across the deserts, up in the mountains, even out at sea. Even from Cowtip. The Little Rose Bomb had detonated. The wake of it was felt round. Life in the UPIO from that point on had changed that morning. How could it not? The story of many ended that day. Auxilium was no more. . [[to be continued...](https://old.reddit.com/r/HxH_OC/comments/fw7gib/oc_story_3_chapter_12/)]
/u/thechickensage, /u/JogingJolt, /u/CallanTS
/u/RedditDestinyAlt, /u/aamarketer, /u/ZeroDarkFang
/u/Ulixx, /u/radiantfang, /u/ControlledByShalnark
/u/Karnevale, /u/RememberWolf359, /u/varkarrus
/u/Halt_kun, /u/Kairos__, /u/NoraaTheExploraa
/u/CrushedByUvogin, /u/KnighZeus, /u/jakemans24
/u/BlackProtagonist97, /u/Gorynch, /u/SadManWith4Balls
/u/sbv3eeee
Oh well at least it has a cool character creator. Creating the side character also sorta reminds me of Dragon's Dogma, and now I'm back to hoping that there'll be a proper sequel soon. Also what you did was pretty cool, so I think it would be nice to see a "continuation" of this in the future sometime, despite having to subject you to it XD
Neither Microsoft nor Sony in the past few gens have had this many timed exclusives at once, though
Buying a console for timed exclusives is pretty silly
It's a first party specific event, so I doubt there will be timed exclusives. Plus they officially have stated they wouldn't do it again after everyone gave them hell for Tomb Raider, and they've kept to that so far.
It's specifically from the event Sony held, though
I said nothing of brand loyalty. You sound like you're already beholden to one brand though. At the very least I thought it would be better to wait until you see what both console lineups are going to offer before making a choice. Plus clearly console power is not in the argument since you ignored that. If you've made your choice ahead of time, that's all good. But I think making a decision based on temporary things that do not actually favor one over the other is silly, as is fanboying, as you put it. Which is why it's funny that your comment comes across as definitive brand loyalty (fanboying)
PSN has had outages during the lockdown as well. Source: have both
Oops, thanks for the heads up
No there were no timed exclusives in the May event. Those were just multiplat games announced to be coming to the XSX. There also were no first party games in that event, IIRC. All the first party stuff is coming in July. Edit: technically some of the games in that aren't being developed for PS5 at the moment, but may be ported later, which would in effect be a timed exclusive, but it's not the same as paying for exclusivity of games that have already been announced for another platform, etc.
Could be, but it was also mentioned in the event that the exclusivity for these games ranged from "a few months to a few years." Knowing how much time their exclusivity is makes at least seem like they have some part in it. It could be a simple case of it not being that way, but many of the games were announced same day for Xbox on their YouTube channel, yet in the Sony event, they weren't clearly listed in their event. I'm not saying it's all on Sony, however, the fact that they went out of their way to call them exclusives in the event, and then only clarified after it again makes it look like they were or are planning on their exclusivity being a selling point. Which doesn't necessarily mean it is because they paid for it, but porting tends to be out of their control, so throwing out a timeline for games that are a year+ out along with the other details does point to it being, at least in most of these cases, as Sony having some part in the timed exclusivity process.
There was no event in June that got postponed. The July event always was and is about their first party studios
If it handles more like the new Doom games, that's a pretty suitable update to the classic Halo gameplay. Sprint and ADS mechanically change the type of shooter it is, which is something franchise fans don't want, because they're trendy mechanics that don't really improve the gameplay, but make engagements less engaging.
There's really no way it wouldn't take away from other modes by dedicating development time, resources on disc, and online population to it. Most people are just fed up with BR modes. The fad is dying and people are tired of it.
They mean specifically that the E3 conference showing off Halo would have happened a few days ago if it wasn't cancelled due to Covid
Jaune met with the NIB in a hotel room in North Anhydrought City. As it so happened, it was along the same street as the hotel Jaune was currently staying at. This would make it easy for their meetings to take place, but also difficult to keep his movements hidden from them. Jaune wondered if this was planned on their part. . He exited the elevator into a hallway that smelled of running vaccuum, despite being feverishly quiet. There was nothing but the sounds of his own footsteps muffled by the stiff carpet, which still contained the bristly resistance of a cheap soap residue. Jaune, knowing which room on the floor he was supposed to meet in, walked veering off along one side of the hallway. Passing each door he realized that there were no tired words or droning televisions. Indeed, most of the floor was unoccupied. . Yet, despite this effort, there were no guards in the hall. It seemed incongruous to go through the appearance of normalcy when Jaune was informed from the onset of this meeting being anything but. Jaune neared the room number he'd been told of. As he passed by the room next to it, he thought he heard something. Curious, he passed by the door he was supposed to enter and stopped briefly in front of the one neighboring his destination on the opposite side. A slight hum. Maybe a creak. . Deciding that men were waiting in either adjacent room, Jaune pretended to have simply made a mistake and overshot the room by one before returning to the correct room number. As he reached for the door, he noticed no abnormal sources of aura within. That being said, he was expecting things to be exactly the opposite, given the amount of evidence he had to work with. There was no use hiding his aura now. He turned his hand so as to rap upon the door with his knuckles. . "Come in." A voice called before he could touch it. . Jaune was sure that his step was light enough for the past meter of carpet that he wouldn't be heard. Though it was possible they could have heard the elevator or his steps prior to his careful walking. Jaune decided that they must have known his proximity by detecting his aura, as they would have predicted his movements incorrectly based on sound if they went off of the elevator and the initial footsteps. Moving his hand from a knocking position to the knob, he forewent any attempts at hiding his aura or his caution. . "Nice to meet you," a female agent greeted him while sitting. . There were two people in the room waiting for Jaune. One was slenderly muscled man lacking hair, and the other was the aforementioned agent. . Jaune slowly entered, "I am very curious to know how you intend to catch the one at fault." . The female agent gestured to a chair, which Jaune took. . Finally, the mysterious man spoke, "My name is Asagenlil. I am greatly interested in your ability, Jaune." Asagenlil reached out his hand. . Jaune's met his, "Well, it's clear to me that neither of you were the one I talked to on the phone." . Jaune took note of Asagenlil's greeting. He used "ability," singular, and made little regards for him as a person. There was no Nen-like presence with Asagenlil, though he clearly must have been a Nen user. This secretive nature was expected, but still uninformative. With everything in mind, Jaune realized that he indeed must be very capable. The lack of guards accompanying them in the room indicated as much. . The agent replied to his remark, "He *only* talks on phones. You were never to meet him." . Jaune nodded, "I supposed I should have figured as much." . Everything was hidden behind a chain of secrets and disinformation. Every step of the way an obstacle was presented in the way of anything resembling "truth." . "To address your previous statement," Asagenlil was forthright in comparison, "I was thinking that your particular skills would be useful." He hardly moved as he talked, "There was another we had considered, but he seemed to be a rather lacking version of yourself in comparison. His work on the Donagher case after you exited left much to be desired. I'd prefer if we could handle this situation as directly as possible." . Jaune remembered the Nen user the MCBI used to create images based on past events in different locations. If Jaune had turned the NIB down, it's clear that they would've resorted to him, just like the MCBI had. . "You clearly not an agent," Jaune boldly shared. . Asagenlil smiled at that, "No. Definitely not." . Jaune thought it wise not to press any further at this time, "So you're obviously aware of my ability." . "It will be crucial to uncovering who was at fault." . Jaune was inclined to agree. He nodded as such, then looked around briefly. Nothing in the room seemed out of place. . "Can I ask you something?" Jaune dared. . Asagenlil looked to the agent. . She gave a casual, "Yes." . "Why the agents in the neighboring rooms?" . Again Asagenlil appeared pleased. . "That's-" the agent began, callously. . Asagenlil took over, unhappy with her tone, "Mr. Jaune Gruber, you don't seem to match the description we were given of you in your most recent encounter with the government." . "I thought you were keeping tabs on me." . "Naturally, after you were in personal contact with Minerva Ananke and then suddenly disappeared after doing what was asked of you, losing the NIB tail that was assigned to your person." Asagenlil shared all this with glee, much to the agent's dismay. . "Minerva?" Jaune then looked down, his eyes darting back and forth, "So it must be, then." . Asagenlil was curious, excited for an answer, "What is?" . "That someone adopted my identity for some purpose." . The agent attempted to regain control over the conversation, "Regardless of if it was actually you or not, we had to look into things." She reluctantly shared more, "Given what it was that the culprit had asked for, I think it's safe to say there's plenty of reasons why he had used a false identity." . Asagenlil was clearly displeased with her attempts at dictating the room, "He erased any and all record linked to a particular name. I think it was pretty obvious what he did." . She was furious with him, but calmed don quickly when he glanced her way. . Jaune reasoned, "Yes, he obviously erased his own identity." . "The evidence of his existence." Asagenlil sounded almost to be in awe of such a concept. . The agent was tapping her finger against her elbow with folded arms and a wrinkled brow, "We're far from the topic at hand." . "Is he trying to win my trust?" Jaune asked himself. . Asagenlil gazed upon Jaune for a moment, then blinked very slowly and continued on, "We're sending you into the ruins of Auxilium." . Jaune's breath paused briefly, "That could take a while to wait for the poison to disperse. I thought you wanted to act expeditiously so that escape would not be-" . The agent was clearly frustrated with the two of them, "You will go with a team using hazmat suits to the area we've calculated the explosion to have originated from. There you will use your ability." . Then, as if in spite, Asagenlil changed the subject, "They're recording our conversation using equipment and machinery on the other side of the wall. One room is monitoring us, the other is tracing your voice recordings to see if they match ones taken with the MCBI to verify your identity, though I believe it's unnecessary." . The agent didn't merely dislike this, she outright hated it. Jaune noticed it immediately. Asagenlil ignored her reaction. . Jaune, mercifully, returned to the main subject, "You won't be coming with me into Auxilium." . "That's right," Asagenlil admitted, "though I'd like to. The truth is, we'll have plenty of time to work alongside one another once you get the information we need. But, for the time being, we'll be acting seperately. As you'll come to realize shortly, I'm often moved to where I'm requested." . "Ah," Jaune thought, "so you're a pawn of the NIB, likely the government. Probably a high-tier fixer of sorts. Perhaps even someone with an history of wetwork. Seeing as how he isn't from the NIB, normally, he must have a military background of some sort. Very likely from a special unit." . Asagenlil eyed Jaune peculiarly, "You're trying to gauge who I am as a person." . "Somewhat." .
"Yeah, yeah." He returned to his spot standing by the table, "I know you like coffee so you can keep your mind going day and night and all that." . Anja interjected, "What is it that you want my ability for?" . "Well," Jaune sipped, "there's a man, a Nen user, that I'd like to figure out." . "Oh?" She was piqued. . "But he's dangerous and it isn't necessary yet. For right now, I think the two of are more than capable of solving this case on your own, as am I..." . Souma impatiently begged him to continue, "*But?*" . "I will be out of contact for several days. In the mean time, you will have to perform an important leg of the investigation so that we may beat the NIB to the proper conclusion." . "And what is that?" Souma stared at Jaune. . Jaune set the coffee down, "In the event that this person died in the explosion, there will still be a trail left. I highly doubt that whomever did this worked alone. At the very least, the bomb had to come from somewhere. If they built it themselves, then there's nothing to discuss." . "I see," Souma said. . Anja continued, "But how are we supposed to find out where the bomb came from before knowing who detonated it, how they detonated it, or why?" . Jaune appreciated the question, as it was indeed a difficult task, "You two will have to work the case from a different angle. Particularly, by tracing the origins of the bomb." . "You think the supplier would have left any trace?" Souma was surprised by the idea. . "I think," Jaune explained, "that whomever supplied the bomb had to make contact with our plotter in some way. Whether the detonator came to them or vice-versa, there had to be some method for the selection." . "And if the bomb was built?" Anja wasn't sure if things were solid enough to act on currently. . "There's the origin of the parts and the knowledge available to build a Poor Man's Rose. I'm confident that this isn't the case, though, so I think you two should start by trying to find the connection between someone likely in Auxilium and a supplier, possibly with an ideological motivation." . Souma clarified, "So *you* go after the one who actually detonated the bomb, and *we* go after the origin of the bomb." . "Precisely." . "Sounds easy enough," Anja looked from Jaune to Souma. . "Yeah, *easy*." Souma sighed. . "I've got to go," Jaune got up and left the chair out, motioning for Souma to retake it. Souma shook his head in disbelief as Jaune walked toward the door saying, "I may have stayed here too long already. Keep your guard up. The NIB might end up taking an interest in the both of you. I don't know what they'd do after that, but keeping away from them is always prudent." . After Jaune left, Souma sat in the seat that was now vacated. Anja had a look on her which Souma knew to be of concern. . "What's up?" Souma asked. . She twisted her mouth for a moment, eventually saying, "I just have this weird feeling like we're getting in over our heads with something." . Souma nodded, "I know what you mean... hearing Jaune talk about someone *he* considers dangerous that he can't figure out bothers me. Plus, there's working with the NIB, dealing with a terrorist act, and all that." . "Yeah." . Souma looked down at the table. Anja kept silent, studying his posture. . She came to a non-verbal decision about something then and there, and said to Souma, "We'll settle this. We'll find out what happened in Auxilium." . Souma looked up, appreciating Anja's words. The two eyed each other for a moment, understanding that their concerns weren't unfounded, but were bound by a greater sense to forgo their fears and accept the task anyways. As Jaune returned to his room, he was plotting how to unravel Asagenlil. Their investigation was about to begin, and with it, a trail that would bind them all to a grander set of movements which would eventually culminate in an unexpected test. But, for now, the Hunters were just beginning their parts in this unforseen movement. . \*\*\*\*\* .
"Boss," Sergei knocked on the door to get Poblano's attention. . "What is it, Sergei?" . "I know you talked about liquidity, but we couldn't just dump all our funds into a singular account, so I had to pull off a few moves at once." He slid a sheet over listing account numbers. . Poblano looked it over carefully, like a suzerain observing the matters of a state, "This looks solid. But, how did you manage to get approval at these locations so quickly?" . Sergei smirked, "It seems that Minerva's taken to Akhet's old role. She negotiated the opening of accounts at each of these locations by insuring them with government money." . "Government money?" Poblano let the question linger for some time in the arid vaccuum of the room, "If Minerva herself is involved, then we're hitched directly to her wagon. I want you to continue to look for a means of restructuring our finances, but this will do for now to weather the storm. By the time the replacement Representatives are selected and instated, we'll want to be on much firmer ground than a Rep on her way out of the system." . "I understand." . "Still, that's good work." Poblano handed the sheet back to Sergei. . "Thank you, boss." Sergei then felt the urge to leave Poblano to his leadership duties, "I'll make the call to Calvera now." He left without a moment's notice. . It took less than a day for the Cartel to maneuver its way out of certain financial collapse. If it hadn't been for Minerva declaring certain other banks important enough to be insured directly with tax payer's money, then she wouldn't have had any leverage to force the banks to allow the Cartel to open up the accounts they needed to reroute their money after their main banks were destroyed. Akhet Qidai, who once was the middle man who played just such a role to ferry them in and out of the corporate finance world of Anhydrought, was dead before the catastrophe had begun. If he hadn't been dead already, Minerva wouldn't have acted so quickly. It was only because she knew no one else would play the role that she acted as she did. In a strange twist of intention, if Akhet hadn't been killed, in part due to his case being thrown out from his political ties, then this turn of events would have played out much differently. Matters like this cannot be predicted, however, as the variable of human interaction is often impossible to foreordain. . \*\*\*\*\* . They'd found an alley, "He's looking pretty rough." . Matt was talking about Dwyer, who was unconscious, lying under a newspaper. . "Can't we find some lost clothes or something as a blanket? It might get cold tonight." Matt was looking around the trash cans. . Roy shook his head, "You likely won't. Besides, newspaper will keep his body heat in well. Here." Roy pulled out some newspaper he'd kept tucked into his shirt and handed it to Banda. . Banda unfurled it and added it to Dwyer's current stack of insulation. A little breeze blew. Roy found a few bags of food waste and used them to weigh down the paper blanket. Matt looked on in pity. . "He get cold, still." Banda had her hand on his forehead. . "Whatever it was that he was on, it's turning him into a prune." Roy stood over Dwyer. . The alley was so dirty there was a sludge forming on the ground from years of waste and refuse. Roy stared at his friend, lying in the mud. They stared at Dwyer's troubled breathing. As the circular nature of history made itself clear to Roy, he reached into his pocket. . "What that?" Banda asked. . "Some melted chocolate," Roy said, giving it a quick glance, "Been saving it for a cold night. Sugar helps warm you up. I think so, anyways." . He handed it to Matthew. . Matthew took it reluctantly, questioning if it was expired, "What's this for?" . "Give it to Dwyer when he wakes up." . "Where are you going?" Matt kept it in his hand, the paper wrapper crinkling as he grasped it. . "Think I need something," He said to them, walking away. . Neither wanting to eat it, nor store it in his pocket for any duration of time, Matt stayed holding it. . He stepped after Roy, "What?" . Banda stood up and watched Roy leave, "Maybe something help?" . Roy walked away from them, leaving Dwyer lying on the ground with his new allies. . \*\*\*\*\* .
Bandage and Bandana were ferrying Calvera and Hav to their destination. . "I have people just outside the city, part of the supply chain, if you will. They say they've found my guy." Calvera was telling Hav. . Bandage and Bandana remained quiet. They, in addition to already being informed of the situation, were calously indifferent to the reasons. They acted in accordance to their own chain of command. That was all that was needed. . Just then, Calvera's phone rang, "What is it, Sergei?" He recognized the number even without caller ID. . Sergei then began telling him how Poblano wanted Calvera to use Body's resources to find and potentially overtake Marla's sources. He told of their current financial situation, and of the unsure waters between the Cartel and the Government, meaning that caution was advised. Calvera took it all as easily as a sip of a cool drink. As Calvera's conversation was ending, Bandage and Bandana each received a text informing them of the same. . Calvera stowed his phone, realizing they'd also become aware of the same, "So, how does this affect your involvement." . "We will take you to your destination, but assist no further." . "That's a shame," Calvera turned to Hav, "you hear that?" . "Some fuckin' Cartel shit, right?" Hav looked out his window. . "Yeah, that's right." Calvera seceded. . It was a fit. The moment was just right for him. Hav felt let down by his own people yet again, and was in a state of mind outside of even his own normal logic. It was in such a state that he happened upon a sight which was either the most opportune or most inopportune, depending on which side of the equation one landed upon. Bandage and Bandana lifted not a single finger as Calvera was too distracted with their answer to his question. This distraction was what allowed Hav to slide his handgun out from its place in his wasteband, and casually out the window. . At just such a time as the car had pulled around an unimportant corner, at just such a coincidental moment that Hav gazed out the side window, the car passed by a particular group. They were a few unrecognized gunslingers in a formation similar, though not identical, to that of Body's own crew. The evidence was insurmountable. Marla's people were setting up shop. Hav squeezed the trigger as many times as he could muster. . The car sped up. Calvera moved on quickly from his previous predicament onto this new one. Hav's aim was significantly hampered by the rapid succession of shots, yet it began as steady as his breath. They didn't need to look back. It was often the case when someone was shot that you could instantly tell whether or not they were getting back up. It could have been seeing where the bullet hit. It could have been seeing where the blood sprayed forth from. But mostly, it was just how a body falls when you witness the life escape out of it. Just like a gentle breeze blowing dust from a table. Just like a leaf falling from a tree. . "Fuck, Hav. A little warning at least!" Calvera then instantly calmed down, "Wipe the gun down and toss it. Then, roll up the window. Be fast about it." . Hav had had the gun for some time now. After killing some of Marla's people with it, he felt he no longer held any sentimental attachment he might have once felt. His hand felt so light after throwing the gun away. . Satisfied, Hav rolled up the window, "There. We did my part. Guess I can say ya got me a ride ta do it. Now you can say you did your part." . Calvera looked at him for a second, then reached under his seat and dragged out a small automatic weapon, "We were gonna go in with these, anyways." . Hav caught the one intended for him. They were very compact, designed for low caliber. As such, they carried thirty-two rounds a magazine, thanks to the small size of the ammunition. No modifications needed to be able to spit out a lot of damage before reloading. Only problem was that the rate of fire was too fast to accurately count unless you were trained. Many dealers with one just fired until the magazine was empty, knowing generally how much time it took. . Thirty-two rounds can go pretty fast in the heat of the moment with a high rate of fire. Recoil wasn't too much to handle for an adult, though. Stabilizier muscles were hardly used if one had them. Still, with that much bucking and swaying, staying on target at range was difficult, full-auto. But on the street, you rarely did anything at range. Anything you wanted to kill was generally close enough to talk to. . He placed it where his handgun used to be, "Fits like a glove." . Calvera checked his, "Got one spare mag for each of us. Shouldn't need them if we don't go in spraying everything down like we're putting out a fire... We're not doing that, remember? There's one of us in there." . "One of *you*." . "We're all on the same side of this stupid thing." Calvera tossed the extra magazine to Hav. . "If you say so." . Bandage and Bandana looked Hav over, sensing a certain ease and confidence that had come over him with the automatic, and with his vendetta temporarily sated. . Calvera felt their worrying air, and did his best to educate Hav on the situation, "As far as you should be concerned, Body's Cartel. You work for Body, you work for the Cartel." . Hav shrugged indifferently, "Aight." . The police deliberately waited an extra length of time to arrive. This was for several purposes. One, was that it allowed any of Body's crew, should they be involved, to flee. Two, it allowed them to avoid any lingering effects of a firefight. Only thing was, Marla's people fled as soon as their people were hit, and there wasn't a single person, Body's crew or Marla's, that stuck around longer than a minute. There happened to be two corpses from Hav's drive-by. Low level street-operators for a low-earning spot. Still, Hav had made his contribution to canon of street violence, moreso than ever before. What was next for him belonged to a different canon altogether. He was now acting alongside the Cartel, and for purposes wholly entwined with the Cartel. And as is ironically obvious to those outside of the criminal web, the world the Cartel was involved in was much different than the streets of North Anhydrought City. . \*\*\*\*\* .
The sun was downing beyond the cityscape. The Rose's imprint upon the sky was fading with the wind. Petrorgana was now inhaling the toxic exhalations of the bomb, while surrounded by an armed perimeter of "law enforcement" to quarantine the residents. The city itself, in spite of the immense tragedies overtaking the country, was in a war-like cease fire. One that was broken and unbroken with the whims of those within tortured by the world's own anguish. . "I should have taken those pills they gave him," Roy muttered. "Dwyer can't take any more of whatever that is." . Roy walked past television screens blaring images from just after the detonation. Footage of crowds forming in other cities over fear and curiosity in the aftermath were also played. The financial devestation was beginning to make itself known, though the effects would lag behind by quite a while. People argued, fought, even killed despite the massive amount of death already taking place. Everywhere you looked in Anhydrought, it seemed there was a war of some kind being fought, and Roy saw it all in the span of a single walk. The night was coming, and he welcomed it. . "It really never ends," He said, approaching numbness as his drug of choice was kicking in. . He'd kept some stashed away on his person for those nights it was hard to fall asleep. Those nights his memories overtook his reality. Nights like the one that was nearing. It would put him out, and nothing would wake him except for maybe a good fall or a hard rain. Neither of which was coming. Both of which were already here, in their own way. . Roy wandered through the streets. Yelling, sobbing, silence. It all discomforted him. Finally, he found a spot to lie down, where there was no one else. . "Excuse me!" A hard light was shone on Roy's face, "Get up, pal." . Roy stood himself, woozily swaying. . "Can't sleep here." . Roy tried his best to see through the light, "Where am I 'sposed to go?" . The police officer behind the blinding light answered honestly, "I don't fucking care. Just not here." . His hand was back on his weapon. That much Roy could see. If he hadn't been high, he might've been afraid. The officer clearly was weak of will and character, and so Roy obeyed. It was all he felt he could do. . Distraught and dissappointed in the world he fought for, he found one of Marla's people. He asked for a sample of what they offered and they obliged. It was standard practice for the homeless. Roy just wanted a little something extra on top of what he had. Something to make sure he could sleep outside for the night. Somewhere the police wouldn't find him for at least a few hours. . High and bewildered, Roy stumbled through the streets, farther and farther away from any sign of the population of the city. He ambled on West so that he could face away from the sun. Even with his sunglasses, the light was blinding, and he'd had enough of that for one night. Finally, he arrived at the end of town, to a park separating the concrete from the sand. The park was bordered by a railing, as if it could keep the desert at bay. . Roy propped himself against it, looking out at the sand, "Gonna hurl, Roy?" He said to himself and laughed. . Then he clambered onto the other side of the railing and sat in the sand as the sun faded. He could hardly feel the winds. He could hardly feel the dark. . He eventually noticed his hands buried in the sand and quipped to himself, "Some fucking beach." . From the park you couldn't see him. If you were, for some reason, in the grassy patches, you might have heard him laughing to himself. But as the day ended, no one was coming this way. Roy laughed himself to sleep that night. Just laughed at his past and his present. . It was another cold one then. The desert often becomes so. The veteran went to sleep numb and never woke up again. He'd gone of hypothermia, like so many other homeless, veteran or otherwise. No one would come this way. Not for a while. . The night came and washed away the cloud of the Rose. The city gradually calmed down for a few hours. So it was that the survivors of one tragedy succumb to another. And so it happened that another veteran's life ended wondering if his suffering had ever made a difference. Matt and Banda didn't know where he went that night. Dwyer slept, unaware of Roy's fate just as the country slept unaware of the fates of the soldiers and warriors and protectors of yesteryears. But this shame wouldn't stop them from waking the next morning for another day. Many things were still unaccounted for in the UPIO at this time. . [[to be continued...](https://old.reddit.com/r/HxH_OC/comments/iyr9un/oc_story_3_chapter_14/?)]
Almost 13k words, for those keeping track. *** Well, the world went ahead and decided to get in a crazy-race with this story. To say I didn't expect it is an understatement. It seems like every chapter that comes out is paired with another major event. I'm almost worried what'll happen next! Another wait, another chapter. But I'm not on hiatus at least! Brandon will be in the next chapter, don't worry. Things I wanted to include in this chapter I pushed back to the next one so that it wasn't even more bloated than I feel it is now haha. Let me know if I'm tarnishing your characters or if I'm maybe doing an adequate job. Silence means I'll keep on keepin' on. I wish I could say what I had in store. Oh wait, I will, through a lengthy chapter accompanied by another (hopefully not) lengthy wait! Cheers. Ping Party! (Fuck life is insane right now. Personal life, global life, every level. It's exhausting. I know I try and keep sane through everything, but I really am burning at both ends still and all I want is to sleep. Maybe eventually. Maybe not. Is that too depressing? Hahaha, whoops! Supposed to save that kind of thing for *in* the story!)
/u/thechickensage, /u/JogingJolt, /u/CallanTS
/u/RedditDestinyAlt, /u/aamarketer, /u/ZeroDarkFang
/u/Ulixx, /u/radiantfang, /u/ControlledByShalnark
/u/Karnevale, /u/RememberWolf359, /u/varkarrus
/u/Halt_kun, /u/Kairos__, /u/NoraaTheExploraa
/u/CrushedByUvogin, /u/KnighZeus, /u/jakemans24
/u/BlackProtagonist97, /u/Gorynch, /u/SadManWith4Balls
/u/sbv3eeee
&gt; I think it sort of makes your story very timely, when you look at the context of everything and the themes you deal with in these chapters. It’s pretty interesting how the world works like that in relation to something like this. It is kind of... worrisome? I was gonna say interesting, but I think it is a little bit concerning, if I'm honest. I base some of what I write on historical precedent, and often just place it in a more "modern" (by HxH and Togashi standards for the universe) setting. Some of this story in particular is like combining some different historical events together and cranking them up a notch, so the fact that the real world just keeps seeming to want to match the craziness portrayed here actually scares me a little bit hahaha. I suppose, just like some of these things were built up for years now throughout the story, they were built up in real life for quite some time as well. Plus I can't deny that going forward there will inevitably be more and more influence by what's currently happening to us in the world on the story. Can't say in what way, though, since a lot of the major plot points are planned in advance by quite a length of time. Still, I guess not only does history repeat itself, but if you can imagine ways something will go wrong, chances are something similar will eventually happen. At least nothing's blown up in real life... (Come on, for real let's not have something like this happen, okay 2020?) &gt;Highlight for me was Jaune’s back and forth with Asagenlil. The sexual tension was real Jaune x Asagenlil otp I had a lot of fun writing that. Jaune's always great to write the perspective of when you get to see him doing detective work cuz it gives so many excuses to note all sorts of details. It's been a while since there was a proper "psychological warfare" type of interaction, so that probably helped as well. Plus it gave me an excuse to really flesh out more of Asagenlil's personality and show that he's not just a warrior/meat head type of character. I realize now that I kind of treat these types of scenes like fight scenes or action sequences. I guess in their own way they kind of are. &gt;It’s kind of insane that Rowen, Janus, and co. have been exploring the cave for a year or so now, in terms of these chapters being released that is. Wooooaahhh. Holy shit I'm taking forever! Janus has been in the dark (literally) for a year! &gt;Lewis Carter-Berdheg is still an enigma to me. For the longest time I’ve thought there was more to him, that he might have been connected to the murders that had taken place, all that stuff. But I’m starting to think he might just be a normal comedian, and his character is just there to add some subtext to the story. I don’t really know with him anymore. [ i n s e r t l e n n y f a c e ] &gt;Nice to see Zero, Candy, Shen, Emeralda, and Ele. Maybe it’s the long waits between chapters, but it feels like we haven’t had enough of them this story I haven't checked specifically, but I know that they've appeared in less chapters this arc than any previous arc for what they were involved in. Sort of a side-effect of having so many characters introduced each arc. Eventually my juggling act will even out somewhat though! I swear! &gt;Which, jeez, I don’t think he’s ever used that before in the story. Not yet! There's only a few people I think he'd use such a thing on, but, like you said, it's definitely not something I think Zero'd use much, but I could be misinterpreting the character. I've already taken a few liberties with him as "development" and sort of ignored some other developments suggested by the creator. I do feel bad about it, at least, but I just am not always sure how to incorporate aspects of some characters into the story at times. &gt;The Marina bit was pretty cool character stuff, Fun fact, I wrote that part imagining it as comic panels, explaining the panels, so it was kind of a different approach to most of my writing. Glad you liked it! &gt;and the rain metaphor actually reminds me of the thing I'm writing now. O.o Do tell! &gt;Marina's name seems like a play on rain and Umbra might be a play on umbrella, which I've just noticed. Or I'm just thinking too much about it. I do that sometimes. Maybe I shouldn't say, but I don't actually remember planning any of that, aside from the Marina/water and rain aspect. The relation I do remember was with Umbra relating to the moon, and Marina relating to the sea, and how the moon is linked to the sea in several ways. But I really like that interpretation. Let's just say I did that subconsciously ;) hahaha &gt;Roy's death was just sad. Even sadder that he honestly didn't need to die alone like that. It's almost like he wanted to. It was sort of a thing I wanted to do with him being a homeless veteran. I've had a decent amount of interactions with the homeless in various areas over the years, and the way he went is unfortunately not that uncommon. Every time I think about things like that, it just bugs me how these are people that have given so much of their lives up, and then, well, it's in the chapter. No need to say more. &gt;The apathetic nature of people is a recurring theme throughout this story though, and really in this chapter in particular. This is something that I think is influenced by the world going on today. I've seen a lot of good come out of the various things going on, but the way too many people act in these times really gets to me, which is probably why it comes through in this chapter even more than usual. That and it just happened to be paired with a point in the story that kind of heightens the impact of those themes. &gt;I do think it's interesting world building Whew, that's good! I know I enjoy it, but sometimes I wonder if it comes across as too much outside of the HxH atmosphere, or if it gels considering how much of the Yorknew and Chimera Ant arcs dealt with organized crime and underworld networks. Plus, as you mentioned, it was definitely needed now for later in the story. &gt;It's easy to forget just how important Libon is to this story but he really does tie a lot of things together. I kind of had this idea where Libon was a crucial part to the story in the first arc, and Cojot was an important aspect in the second arc (though so was Libon), but they would both kind of take a back seat in this arc, despite, as you said, still being intrinsically linked to a lot of the threads going on. Part of the reason was that I didn't want the story to come across as something revolving around Libon, even though he really is a part of a lot of the other characters' stories. You know me and trying to avoid making definitive "main characters" hahaha &gt;20/10. Woo! I think that's what my vision is these days! (Time to get crack-a-lackin' on the next chapter. I wanna try and at least halve the time it took to get this chapter out)
