Yeah and don’t forget pinap berries for wild larvitar and if you’re feeling crazy make sure you pinap the ttar
How should we know?
Lol charge TMs are so rare now though
Mine did.
Cool. I like that setup, actually. I’d probably be happy with that and spend a little more and just get a stereo Emotiva amp and a DAC. I already own both of those, though. I use JBL LSR 308s and wish I could afford buying the correct sub to match them but I will continue to wait I guess.
I am seriously considering the current massdrop price of $200 for the KBS model Moccamaster since it is 8 cup with the filter switch. Isn’t that a pretty good deal?
I am not a professional but are you measuring the temp as accurately as possible? I have heard that the water can literally drop as much as 20 degrees as it falls through the air. That’s all I’ve got.
Definitely the Rancilio Silvia V1 wand. It’s an easy replacement and works mich better than the stock Panarello wand.
So, dumb question, do the beans get thawed before using? And how? It seems like thawing would introduce moisture somehow.
I can’t believe you’re the one getting upvoted. So what if it’s “critical infrastructure!” Taking pictures of building from a public place is not a crime and if anybody has a problem with that or would like to change that, they can fuck off. I don’t usually get passionate about things but the slow erosion of our civil liberties is alarming and people should push back against that bullshit. In a free society, you have freedom of movement and liberty. If it makes some places a little less safe, so be it.
Luckily this is one of those things you can easily look up. Yes the built in chip runs with almost zero power. “Always allow” is just permissions. You can force-close the app and it’ll still count steps.
I have all three accessories and the Pokeball is definitely the fastest and highest quality of the three. It will auto-spin out of the box (despite what the literature may say) and is quicker to react to button presses than the Plus. It also recharges much more reliably than the Gotcha. The Gotcha can be configured to autospin, autocatch, and have the vibrations and animations disabled so you’ll forget you’re wearing it and people just assume it’s a FitBit. The Ball is too large to carry in your hand and do other things and it’s also difficult to find the button to push by feel alone.
GM is recycling names
*maybe*the Ram is high quality, but Jeep are trash and have been trash in the reliability realm. Alfa Romeos are beautiful to drive but not to own. Nobody wants one unless it’s on lease. They are all unfortunately rolling the dice when it comes to actually owning one. Dodge muscle cars are also cool looking and popular, but they are the worst quality in the segment. The best Minivan is the Honda Odyssey. Don’t know where you got the false impression that the Caravan was better. Bring better than Ford/GM isn’t difficult to do, since they are all awful compared to everybody else’s interiors.
Turn based battling is incredibly lame. Change my mind.
Nobody knows how to sort by new when a new feature comes out.
How many have you gotten on average lately? They’re rare AF now
There are research rewards out there giving rare candy again. And raids, of course. It’s just that Charge TMs, specifically, have been nerfed, it seems.
Happy birthday! Same as mine. No shinies today for me but that would be nice.
There isn’t a moisture problem in the grinder? It seems like there would be.
It has already been confirmed to begin with 40 and also later this very week. I’m predicting Thursday.
What’s good about Latios? Its typing? I’m not knowledgeable to understand.
Facebook groups are the worst.
It’ll disconnect every hour, like it’s designed to do.
It’s all the smiling.
Amen. Best crispy chicken sandwich I’ve ever had. Couldn’t believe how good it was every time I went.
Mine was Incubus and System of a Down together, back when both had barely released their first albums.
I was very surprised to hear that, as well. I think it was in support of him and his family, to be honest. Also, perhaps somebody didn’t know the proper decorum for funerals and started clapping and others followed suit.
Houston is great. We’re all filled up, though. Stay away.
And all the added autotune
I personally bought the 30W USB-C charger and the 2M USB-C to lightning cable for fast charging. A fast- charge capable QI pad will still only charge at 7.5 watts, I believe, so definitely get the wired one.
Just make sure to use a damp cloth or paper towel and wipe it right after steaming. It’ll work great.
How about buying distilled water and using epsom salt and baking soda to remineralize it? I personally used to do that but now I use third wave water packets added to distilled water.
Corsola isn’t where “coral” is necessarily. We have them in Houston. I think they spawn between the Tropic of Cancer and the tropics of Capricorn. Come to think of it, I haven’t seen a single one in a very long time. Perhaps when it is raining is more likely.
It has yield signs, too, doesn’t it?
You’re welcome back anytime, partner.
Ok but they haven’t released that yet and I’ve gone three weeks without a stone. It’s odd.
I believe the Profitec Pro 300 is in your price range.
Somebody called this the other day.
Max is such a racing nerd
I think the Camaro is such a badass car, especially the SS 1LE. I love going to the track and that car would be perfect for me. However, the fact that I can’t even fit my head out of the window and that the window sill is above my shoulder makes it ridiculous to me. It’s unfortunate.
Yes! First of all, drums are pretty much the hardest to record in music, so don’t feel bad. To get good sounding drums, you will generally need a microphone for each drum at minimum and two over head mics. I personally use as many as I can, putting two on the kick, two on the snare, and one on the hi-hat, in addition to one on each tom and two over heads. So, I don’t know how many mics you have and more importantly don’t know how many tracks you can record at a time. Or at least how many channels you can run at a time. If you can, experiment with the kick drum mic placement first. If you have a hole in the front head, put the mic inside far enough where the wind won’t be heard from the air rushing out on every hit. If possible, get somebody to move the mic while you hit the kick and you listen in the headphones. If not, get the mic inside but probably point it at the beater. Mics can have all sorts of pick-up patterns where they won’t be able to hear stuff on the side as much or some are pretty good from a large area. All that is important because you want to control what it picks up, if possible. The fattest and thickest sound from a kick drum is peaked at 30-60Hz and then around 6k-8kHz. Use an eq to take out a LOT of 250-500Hz. That will let you feel it and hear the attack but also you won’t want to hear all the boomy and farty frequencies. The snare doesn’t need any frequencies below maybe 100Hz or even 200Hz. I know that may sound crazy, but the kit has to fit together in some of the same frequencies and you have to take out some to make it all work. The toms also don’t need much below 80Hz and the over head and hi hat mics don’t need anything below 500Hz unless you’d like to experiment with having a full-range sound from the stereo over heads to get a full kit feeling. I personally take them out and then slowly bring some back in and if it starts to get too annoying and less clean sounding I back off. If you ever get a chance to see a full drum kit mic’d up for a recording sessions, it can be incredibly complex. At least back in the day, producers and bands would spend days working on just the drum sound. There are annoying frequencies on most toms that are very ringy. You can find them and use an eq to take some of that out. If you can put two mics on the snare, you put one on top and the other on the bottom and mix them together, sometimes flipping one out of phase with the other. The bottom one just picks up the snares and not much else. The top one gets the attack and the drum. Again, you can adjust the mic while hitting the drum to find the sweet spot where there isn’t annoying ringing or too mich attack, etc. hope that helps. Edit: totally forgot to mention some of *the* most important stuff: we *always*use compressors on nearly every single channel, to get the dynamics of each drum tight and manageable. If you can, put a compressor on the kick at the very least.
A simple thing I did in a hotel room: stir the grounds if possible. The spout only puts out water in a very small area.
That research is gone
I’m more concerned with how difficult they’d be to replace if anything bad happen to them.
Maybe your iPhone X has battery saver mode on?
As a human, yeah WTF? The people that throw parties with an open bar are my favorite!
I think those are great beginnings. Especially the grinder. I frequently wish I had bought a manual grinder for single dosing instead of trying to make my Ceado single dose. It’s annoying. I sometimes wish I had a knockbox but the accessories I use the most are: Hario scale Little dosing funnel for the portafilter so I can get rough with the grounds and distribute them without making a mess. Distribution tool (looks like a large metal puck that you spin around to flatten the top of the coffee before tamping it. Tamper (nothing too fancy, just a solid stainless steel one from Amazon) Milk frothing pitcher 12oz Microfiber cloths Cafiza for cleaning accessories and back flushing. Nylon brush for scrubbing after cleaning or to clean off grounds stuck on the screen or gasket. Get a routine going and just change one thing at a time so you can get good at pulling shots.
It evolves into ninjask
Probably after seven days of battling.
It probably was faster. I was in a track day group with a Macan and at first she was fairly slow but she quickly got way faster and ended up passing most of us in the group.
Well it’s never happened on a Monday...
*farther
It isn’t live for anybody.
What does that even mean?
Me too. It’s definitely going to get worse, too. I’m lucky that my work hours allow me to miss most of it. Every time I have to drive in it, I always think, “I cAnt imagine doing this every day. I would’ve moved years ago”
It’s crazy because they’ve spent *years* trying to fix it, too.
No, chief.
Yeah, it really is. I still can’t believe how deep the bass goes on it. It legitimately sounds like it has a subwoofer in it.
Remoraid? Never.
A lot of gay men think turning a straight guy might be the hottest thing they can think of.
My experience from my first visit to Yellowstone this summer: expensive as hell. Impossible to get a room at any hotel anywhere. Hours and hours in the car driving. Most breathtaking scenery everywhere you turn.
A lot of people consider it to be the first supercar
Why three?
Lose 200 golden razzberries and burn up like 50 rare candies on buying another charge move or powering something legendary up. There’s no reason to hoard that many golden razzes
It’s me, Joe
I like George Howell Reko
Only morons
After reading all of that, could the bald spot stuff be caused by the fact that the stock gaggia classic shower screen and the aluminum gasket holder both kind of suck? When you run water out of the shower screen, you can see how bad it is at spreading the water around.
If there are three lanes, the safest *travelling* lane is the middle one and drivers education teaches you to stay in the middle lane if you aren’t going to be exiting for a long time. A truck driver can cause significantly more havoc if they are in the right lane dealing with merging and exiting traffic.
Also, definitely don’t want to use TTar against lugia with hydro pump. It one punches them. If the game auto selects ice types, then Lugia has hydro pump and don’t use TTar
Ok. So? I think a lot of other countries have their roads designed in a different way I guess. We don’t have dedicated lanes for entering and exiting a lot of the time, so a car entering the highway would encounter huge trucks that take up the entire merging area. Trucks try to get over and let people on the freeway but it’s usually better to stay in the middle lane. I would try to find some training manuals to show you but you’re clearly unable to imagine a different country’s way of doing things.
Master League is pointless and boring, unless it starts rewarding better rewards than the others.
It isn’t zero g, even in orbit. It’s really a constant free-fall.
You could watch the video. He talks about what Lee did. It was basic stuff.
It’s on the front page of /r/watchpeopledie
Nobody thinks you’re lying but in my area, we have a gym scanner and not a single level 5 egg is on the entire map. That covers hundreds of gyms.
Ew
Whoa that’s interesting. I had a bad time when I went there. The food was meh and way too expensive. They had excellent service but I don’t really care much about that. The food is what’s important at a restaurant charging those prices.
I use mine exclusively for Aeropress. It does very well with grinds that are more coarse than espresso. It’s not bad at espresso either. Just has a stepped adjustment, which is not precise enough for most espresso fanatics.
Yeah, vintage for me, too just last year. So odd that it’s so popular. There is much better food just across the square at El Tiempo! The most memorable part of my dinner at Peli Peli was when the waiter was very vigilant about what temp my steak was cooked and insisted on taking it back because it was too raw (I ordered medium rare but it was blue). Like I said, the service was excellent but the food was barely better than Chili’s and the price was like 100 bucks for two people with drinks and dessert. I’m fine with paying that and expected it but the food wasn’t worth it.
No, you’re partially correct. Now, there are more complicated ways to scan that require physical devices running the game.
Some people have literally thousands of legendary raids. I guarantee they are trading every day
I haven’t gotten a stone since the second week they were released as 7 day research rewards. I battle the required four times daily and still do research but nothing. Meanwhile, my wife has gotten at least 5 from PVP alone.
I love it. AutoTune has existed for a couple decades now and it is definitely available live for just as long and the only time you hear it is when the settings are wrong.
That’s really not true any more. There are other tuning plugins that are imperceptible if you set them correctly and the singer is close, as well as autotune being great. For instance, one that I use is called Waves Tune and it’s great. You can turn vibrato correction off and on on most of them as well. The tuning apps/plugins are so good that you can use them without anybody knowing, including the singer.
They get paid more than anybody. The downside is the travelling. Our local union covers a very large area and you could be in College Station or Victoria for weeks at a time and it’s still very very physically demanding for the apprentices, especially. They have “death prevention” not “injury prevention.” They weld hanging over an empty shaft all the time and get injured or killed all the time. That’s why they are so well paid. They have great benefits and pay but I chose not to do it, personally.
An F. It was decades late.
*Robin
They always spawn extra CD Pokémon for me, for sure. Otherwise I get them in boxes and sometimes delete them because they are useless.
Which event had the Z? None.
It’ll definitely make it take way longer your way. I, for one, try to get what I can in the very beginning of an event because if I don’t, Niantic will alter something and make it nearly impossible to find what I need for completion.
I *believe* he used the word, “slum” in a speech and maybe ruffled one person’s feathers on Twitter and then a big deal got made of it.
It happens when you’re connected via usb cord to play music, like in your car. It’s so weird, I agree.
Well you could skip the animation back in the day by pinching the screen.
Welcome to the fuckin show
Man, you should go. It’s usually free to spectate at most of the track day events. You have free reign of most of the track and paddock.
It’s really fun seeing the guests’ reactions I think. Also the first run of submissions were the best and the mashups are good.
In my experience, the summer there was far better than the summer in Houston, so I enjoyed it.
Good mornin’ Julia
I timed it and it was usually 40-45 seconds. It feels effortless and the actual struggle has more to do with holding the thing up in your other hand. It’s fairly heavy-feeling. I’d make one of those videos people make showing the process but they are so pretentious looking I cringe at the thought.
I only use creamer when the coffee is bad. So usually every time I’m not at home lol
I have always wondered what I would do if I got a call that a loved one was in a serious accident and I had to get to the hospital. I have decided that I would put on my hazards, honk the hell out of my horn and drive like a goddamn asshole the whole way there. I don’t know how else to do it. Would calling the cops and asking for an escort even be prudent? Probably not. But I work pretty far from home and it would be a long drive. I’ve driven at many track days with several cars and know how to handle high speed driving but damn what do you do? Obey all the traffic laws and keep cool? Don’t think I could do that.
Basalar skull fracture
They definitely spawn in the wild. I have a lot of them from back when maps worked. We’d drive down to catch them wherever they were if possible.
I have been toying with the idea. So you just let the water drip out at its own speed until it’s done?
Man, stale beans taste stale in about a week to me. So annoying. I use an Aeropress and an espresso machine and both will make it obvious when they start to turn. Is it possible that you aren’t quite getting a good extraction with your method? I know when I was under extracting, it tasted kind of similar to stale coffee or kind of like wet cardboard.
Do they change the titles and, more importantly, the dialog to “philosopher’s stone” for the UK?
I understand the titles but the actual dialog? The stone is mentioned a lot. Do they say Philosopher each time?
In Texas pedestrians only have right of way when they are legally in a crosswalk and have the actual right of way via signal or some other means. If you stop for a pedestrian that doesn’t have right of way you could start an accident and would be at fault. Also, if they are crossing the road illegally and they get hit they are at fault. That’s really what I was asking. Of course you try to avoid any pedestrian walking in the road but stopping at a crosswalk when the pedestrian doesn’t have right of way is very dangerous.
I look at the reviews and tear down of Linea Mini and I just don’t get it at all. It looks cheap and has a paddle but the paddle is just a stupid plastic switch. Makes no sense. If you’re getting a LaMarzocco I’d say get the real deal GS/3. A Linea Mini doesn’t appear any better than a Profitec Pro 300 and the Pro 300 actually looks better in several ways like build quality and the PID isn’t some wobble but of plastic like the Mini. I just got the Kinu M47 grinder and it’s so much better than the other grinders I’ve owned that if I had the budget I’d be buying the Monolith if it is truly as good as it seems. I’d buy the Kinu until the Monolith came in. There isn’t any other single dosing machine worth buying, it seems.
You aren’t understanding what I was trying to say. If there is a pedestrian standing on the side of the road waiting to cross and they don’t have right of way, and you just stop and wave them across, you are putting their lives at risk at the very least. That’s all I’m trying to say. Of *course* you stop for people in the road. I was just trying to say that you aren’t at fault if somebody is crossing the road out of a crosswalk and right of way.
He didn’t make that up. It’s how the original British version was.
Should’ve X 5
The ball reacts faster, I believe it has a newer version of Bluetooth.
Bake him away, toys.
There’s a longer clip where he goes on a quest trying to find the solution and several people along the way are stumped.
They do it on almost if not all their cars, actually. My 2016 M235i has it.
He’s right, the OG 8 series was a huge flop in sales. Too expensive compared to the competition. They were beautiful, yes. But not an instant classic.
I’d brew the beans with an Aeropress or French Press. I do the exact thing with those exact beans pretty frequently. There isn’t really any way to grind them for espresso and get it exactly right just by guessing. Besides, espresso is only really worth it if you can brew it immediately after grinding.
Try doing the James Hoffman technique for using a blade grinder, and try to measure all the variable you can, like weight of coffee and water, and the water temperature. If it is a drip machine, see if the water gets through the grounds quickly or slowly and try stirring them, if possible. The coffee is *probably* under-extracted, so you’d need less coffee or higher temperature, etc. It seems counter-intuitive, but too much coffee won’t extract completely, especially if the grounds are too coarse.
Very true but sad.
The strategic arm placement has me worried that the nudity won’t really happen after all. Basically, I’ll believe it when I see it.
Peet’s coffee at the store (Whole Foods I think) has a roasted date on the bag. It’s about as useful as you can get. All the other whole bean coffee at all the stores is pretty useless, I think. I have a subscription to District Roasters in Tomball. I guess it may be pricey but it’s great quality and consistent.
Houston is the worst you will ever experience as far as hot and humid goes. Unless you’ve experienced the shores of the Red Sea in summer, maybe.
The British talking about dialects?! Lol you guys sound different from different areas less than 10 miles apart!
*farther
Time to take a shower together
Agreed. The mall near me is always packed with people. Sometimes I can’t even find a place to park.
I got a 10/10/10 and a 10/11/10 😩
Oh is this why Spring has awful LTE coverage?
Well Spring is hardly new. In fact, Old Town Slring is quite literally old AF and has almost non-existent coverage.
There’s one on Old Town Spring, Texas
People are going nuts about OPs house, when it really truly isn’t that big of a deal. It shows that the average Redditor clearly lives a fairly frugal life, since this place is pretty normal for a house/luxury apartment in the suburbs of many US cities. I bought the 2400 square foot house I live in for far less than it costs many people to live in the cities in Europe. It’s just perspective and priorities.
So true. Nature’s social lubricant. Problem is, you also start spewing too much information sometimes, negating the gains in confidence.
How is it that some people get downvoted for mean spirited sounding jokes and others don’t? Very interesting. I laughed but fully expected your comment to get downvoted.
I can understand your explanation. My comment, however, who knows why the downvotes? I think it has turned into a meme with the piling on I guess.
The brakes on the e9x M3 were pretty lacking compared to the new cars.
I know everybody is saying this but I’ll add the best solution for my family and me (wife and 8 year old daughter): iPhone SE used from Swappa. It was 130 unlocked and we use it with WiFi and location services on only. Or get that Garmin GLo
This is the answer for most art, in my opinion. If you want to watch a show, pay for it if possible. Same goes for movies and music. Why can’t people pay artists for their work? No excuse, in my opinion.
I’ve tried George Howell Reko espresso, Intelligentsia Black Cat espresso, local roaster District Roasters espresso, and SW roasters espresso. The one I consider the most unforgettable is the Reko from George Howell. It blew my damn mind. I’m going to go ahead and cancel everything and go live in a hut with my Kinu Grinder, my Profitec Pro 300, and my Aeropress and be happy.
People have already started in my neighborhood. My family and I usually spend at least 1,000 bucks and we aren’t even the craziest people on our street. So some years it is truly unbelievable to see the fireworks going off on NYE.
There’s a subreddit, y’all: /r/pokemongotrades
Negative ghost rider, the pattern is full
Nah, brah. I live next to the tall tower and definitely does *not* have cells on it. I get terrible AT&amp;T service and always have.
There’s a cell tower here: Dropped pin Near Unnamed Road, Spring, TX 77388 https://goo.gl/maps/56Je6Zwm9mJiU8hT9
My iPhone X hasn’t double dinged for months. I think an iOS update a while back disabled it for no reason.
Gee I wonder who that could’ve been.
Well they can still be pretty unstable. Also, if you regularly backup your phone, then you can’t go back and reinstall from that recent backup. I wouldn’t do it. I’ve made that mistake before.
I disabled notifications long ago. Holy crap they are incessant.
Let’s look into our crystal ball
Nobody in this subreddit will ever be able to afford one of these but it doesn’t stop them from pretending to understand.
Yeah sorry I was being sarcastic but yes, definitely Paddy Lowe.
Of course it is. It’s always been an option.
It’s a espresso grinder, though. They aren’t good at coarse grinding usually.
But XR never had 3D Touch.
Crema is solely based on how freshly roasted the beans are. Maybe about 3-4 weeks after roast and the crema is significantly diminished.
Why is mystery in quotation marks?
Not sure if it follows. Usually it goes ahead and carries the bulletproof limo and other sensitive support equipment.
Downtown they walk you to treebeards with your own police escort.
Are you on iOS 12.3 or 12.3.1? Which iPhone are you using? It’s a known problem with all iOS 12.3 devices and Niantic has acknowledged it. I’m not sure how you avoided it. I was getting 10,000-15,000 steps a day and now I get zero. What does your game say in the trainer screen?
Last time this happened, they nerfed the larvitar spawns fairly quickly. It happened before that with the very first water event; dratini got boosted and then nerfed. I’d keep it quiet.
Weird, you’re right.
One of the worst photo shoots for Playboy I’ve ever seen. I don’t know how they didn’t get much better out of the shoot. She had great tits and awesome freckles and they somehow made her look awful and cheap and this pose...what the fuck is it, anyway?
The Reko espresso is probably my favorite of all time! Best as a ristretto, fyi. I do 20G in, 20G out in about 25-30 seconds at 200F. I even drink it as an aeropress in the morning when I’m lazy and not interested in waiting for the espresso machine to warm up. I just don’t like waiting for the bag to come in the mail, it sometimes takes a whole week if I time it wrong.
Local 66 is the local lineman union. They have an apprenticeship program and it’s very competitive, since they make very good money. I went to the wireman apprenticeship school and had to take an entry exam and then go to school for five years while working. Good luck.
To be honest, temp is the last thing I adjust. I almost always stick with 200F unless the bag says otherwise. Somebody somewhere suggested a lower temperature for Reko, like 198 or even lower I think, but I’ve not tried that. I use a 20g VST ridgeless basket and always go with 20g no matter what bean I use and adjust the grind for taste. I use a Kinu M47 grinder, if you were wondering. Edit: looking it up, I was wrong, the suggested temp is 204. I haven’t tried that yet. I’ll have to buy another bag and do some more experimenting.
LOL almost *nobody* buys the best tires for their car. It’s almost always the cheapest ones with the longest life. I personally think it’s important to buy the very best you can possibly afford but I’m definitely in the small minority.
I don’t have any idea any more. The layperson just will never see or understand the importance of tires, ever. They will even buy an expensive car with good tires on it and when it comes time to replace them, they’ll cheap out. The way that people drive isn’t conducive to caring about the difference. The only time they’d ever care is if they were in an emergency panic-brake situation and better tires would’ve saved it. Even then, people would blame the brakes for being lame and not realize that the tires are the biggest factor in stopping distance.
This is old news. That person got fired, got lit the fuck up on Facebook, and the cheerleader got a job at a different business (beauty supply place I believe).
I believe home-barista has a pretty active and passionate fear for sale section
Yeah but adventure sync changed the egg hatching game for me. I have always been pretty good about hatching them but now nearly every time I open the game I’m hatching something.
Tyler White had a *crazy* good first month, to be fair.
I watch it weekly. I was there in person. It might be my highest personal point in life.
An espresso grinder should be able to choke a machine. Are your beans fresh? If water is still flowing through the grounds, then there is something else wrong. My money is on old beans or bad technique.
Military aircraft spend a LOT of time on the ground, not pressurized. The cycling of the pressurization and then depressurization is what limits the life of an airframe, usually. B-52S were built in the 50s and 60s and since there isn’t a plane to take its place, we still use it. And they aren’t used around the clock, day-in, day-out like an airliner.
I mean it’s an added feature for less than the cost of a Starbucks coffee. Why not just support the developer and buy it?
Legacy moves. Regionals for trading. Shinies for trading. Hatted pikachu with legacy moves (surf.) Pokémon from traveling for the memories, etc. I personally can’t get below 1950 if I try. People play the game differently.
I’m biased, but I’d choose Houston. Not even close, really.
The 45?! Go back to California! /s
Old analog tape is usable even at that age. Usually it requires literally baking it in an oven for a while to soften it up. Otherwise it would crumble. Obviously a fire burns much hotter than an oven and then the tape becomes really good fuel.
On my Pro 300, I got much better steam power when I changed out the two hole tip to a single. I guess the Oscar just has too much steam?
Rocky doserless, Ceado e5p, Kinu M47
The Oscar is certified for cafe use, so maybe that’s the reason.
Can’t believe you don’t even have XLR-8 on the list. For shame.
Would a vibratory pump benefit from this at all?
I can’t figure out PokéKeys myself. It seems to work exactly the same way and look cheap doing it. I’m sure I’m missing something but the app doesn’t explain it anyway.
My poor N55 😩 always forgotten
I’ve ridden with racing drivers on race tracks in road/race cars and it will completely alter your perception of what is possible. When you’re driving, the forces aren’t nearly as scary and difficult to deal with. As a passenger, it’s almost impossible to hold up your head when a driver hits the brakes hard enough. I have had to tap out of hot laps because of my stomach and head telling me I’m about to puke and the adrenaline will definitely wipe out your energy as soon as you get out. It’s tiring. I’d rather be driving. I’m a terrible passenger.
Yeah and for only 160 bucks. I honestly feel like that’s pretty good.
But they’re tiny little wireless headphones with tiny little batteries in them! And a tough rechargeable carrying case. You can tap each one and have them do different things and each one has a microphone built in and they automatically sense when they’re in your damn ear. I think the price is really reasonable for a luxury item like that.
Bellaire didn’t want Jewish people in their city so the Jews made Meyerland.
This thread is a whirlwind
The thing is, regular southern people interact with people of the “other” race every single day, in every single place they go. People up north see so few people of color that they don’t know how racist they are. It’s quite obvious when I travel, and I’m white from Texas.
While all of those cities are pretty diverse (especially New York), they are still wildly more racist than the South, generally.
Nah not racism. If anything, the Jews run the whole area. Bellaire HS is called “Hebrew high” to the students and surrounding area. I’m not aware of any racism, but I’m just a regular white guy. Meyerland is named after Mr. Meyer, a Jew who had a big mansion at the corner of what is now 59 and 610. The brick “arch” over the entrance is still there on the feeder road but the grounds are now a big retention pond.
Yeah but nobody has apparently read the report because it keeps getting argued about.
Yeah there isn’t braking range, just on/off.
It literally fell out of the valve it was blocking.
Ugh so she can follow in her horrible father’s footsteps?
Monsters do, yeah.
Remember when Freebirds was good? Yeah they were bought out and the quality immediately took a dive.
To be fair, it was like 15 years ago. Their first Houston location on Shepherd was a revelation. As good as Mission Burrito was.
Not always. Freebirds back when it was only in College Station, and when they opened their first Houston location was amazing. Chipotle has always been shitty and Freebirds and Mission Burrito were the places to go. This was like 15 years ago though.
All of the ones in the med center are not-for-profit, FYI
Is it still fucking delicious? Do they still hand you a fire truck instead of an order number? I moved out of the city to the burbs so I haven’t been there for a long ass time. I also prefer to go to Bodega when I’m down there anyway.
Use the thing you’re typing on and open up a map window and look. Just south of downtown.
It’s actually both for that little strip, including “I-69” which nobody says.
Are you a Marshall?!
Yeah my pokestop streak and Pokémon streaks got off for each other. It’s easy to skip Saturdays for me to start over Sunday.
Aww man that guy was supposed to be good. And Jonathon Singleton.
She hasn’t actually done real toes pictures though. I guess a nip peek in an instagram video maybe or going out braless or whatever. But not full on nipples as far as I know.
Everybody goes there whether or not you’re into western/cowboy stuff.
I’m an electrician. You need to find out the actual power requirements for the machine and not guess about it. You need to find out its voltage *and* amperage requirements. After that, you can call around for an electrician to run a new receptacle where you want it. If you have existing power maybe it’ll be easier but you need two hots and a new plug type installed. If you have access to the wall from above it’d be way way easier to install or retrofit something. I am assuming you’d need something like an L6-20 or L6-30 receptacle maybe for the machine. I have no idea.
Bolivar is where we always rent a beach house and if somebody wants to go to Galveston it’s close enough but you get absolutely *zero* Galveston traffic over there.
Lol those are *rookie* numbers.
I’ve done the exact same thing. I did a bunch of events with The Drivers Edge around Texas, including COTA. Well, a road car just isn’t up for the punishment that a real track with real driving entails, unfortunately. Especially if you plan on driving home afterwards. I’m sure you’ve seen the GT3s at these events and even several of them are trailered in Or they come with a support vehicle with additional tires and brakes. I just decided to start “racing” go-karts at a pretty cool local indoor track. It’s much cheaper and actually much more fun anyway.
I limped home from COTA with metal-on-metal front brakes because it was Sunday night and I had to get from Austin to Houston before work the next day. They worked but they were horrible sounding. I would coast as much as I could and also took 21-71-290 so there was less traffic as well. It was awful. I also took my BMW with about 4,500 miles on it to MSR Houston and promptly popped the charge pipe in the middle of a turn. Thought I had blown the engine. I was pissed. So yeah, if you’re committed to track days, you should really just get a track car like a Miata or 86 and drive that thing hard and not worry about it. After all, the good Miata drivers pass all the other cars any way.
/r/dashcam Read the sidebar
Yeah most of us don’t own guns. It’s just that the ones that *do* own many.
This is even simpler for you: re-entering the track without full control is unsafe.
Brine isn’t in the game any more, just like scald. Smeargle can’t learn them if they’re not in the pool of moves.
But there’s a glaring typo in the subheading. Holy crap.
It’s pretty handy living in the same city as COTA
The past tense of lead is led.
Of course not.
Not ideal
Meh. The Astros just got swept. Baseball is a fickle bitch.
Also you can’t just throw your hands up and have the umpire automatically call it a double. You can try to get it and then they’ll call it. Also since he grabbed it and it came out easily I think it could’ve and should’ve been ruled in play.
The “what?!” Barry yells at the end of that one episode was the best
I agree. One of the ideas I’ve been thinking about is throw away the precedents the FIA has been using to make judgement calls when they sign a new Concorde agreement. Start with a clean slate.
That’s how much those parts cost with install. My M235i has crazy prices for just the damn rotors all around. It’s annoying.
Bissonet and 59 was/is Sharpstown mall. Edit: Bellaire and 59
Spring is still just fine. Especially west of 45. But maybe some consider that Klein.
I didn’t really go to college but it has been my experience that the place you went to probably won’t help you get a job, unless it’s A&amp;M. They stick together and it would benefit you to go there in the future, I think. Texas State doesn’t have any kind of similar reputation. The only reputation they’ve historically had is that they were/are a party school that changed their name not too long ago.
Yeah I looked at the standings and the record and the Yankees are on an 8 game winning streak and the Astros are on a 7 game losing streak and they have the same number of wins. Kind of annoying. FTY
It’s way easier to video the whole scene when it’s TURNED TO LANDSCAPE
Show me. You can’t do what the OP did in Texas according to the driving code. Slowing down for a turn isn’t what we’re talking about.
It’s fairly wrong, at least for Houston.
Just save for a good one. Meanwhile, get the coffee ground at the supermarket.
It’s a running joke as old as the game.
Yeah I read that. Driving on the shoulder is illegal unless those criteria are met. Which one of those would you say OP was doing? None of them. It is illegal to drive on the shoulder unless it’s for safety. It’s not for avoiding traffic backup. I’m not sure why you think you’re proving your point.
They’re all morons for diving sideways anyway. Could’ve just stayed put and had a better chance than what happened.
Almost the entire video is of him traveling down the shoulder. What are you talking about? What video are you watching? Just because he turned at the end? That’s not what the law says that you just referenced. I feel like I’m taking crazy pills here.
Did you mean, “themselves?”
He just has an accent that without looking it up, makes me think he’s from the Maryland/Baltimore/Pennsylvania area. That’s how they talk.
I was about to say the same thing. The amount of stupid stuff I see doctors *and* nurses do and say really opened my eyes.
Could be something simple like a spade terminal came off its terminal.
Lol it’s cool, then. Profitec has fantastic design and you can remove the cover/covers and just look in there and see if it looks like one of the many wires going to the display box/PID has obviously come off. During shipping, that seems highly plausible. I have a Pro 300 and it’s very easy to see all the tubes and pipes and wires and where they go. Sometimes there’s obvious stuff. Also it would be a pain in the ass to pack it up and send it off for something simple. I had a small problem with my Pro 300 and emailed Whole Latte Love support and they helped me without me having to send it in.
Personally I don’t know why they haven’t pioneered and perfected something like that in the decades that have passed since the first TJ surgery. They use surgical grade parts for internal replacements all the time, like spinal discs and whatnot. A ligament isn’t the same as a cervical disc but jeez I would think they be ther by now.
I find that interesting. He uses a lot of arm in his motion and less stride but his legs are strong AF.
I don’t understand why you would want USB-C on your phone. Any plug that has a little tab inside runs the risk of having it break. Android phones are always breaking their charging ports. Lightning is a great solution. Why do people want it to go away?
How old were you when it came out? That probably played a big part. I always thought of it as a corny movie and Keanu has always been a bad actor and it was just another movie showing how bad he was but that’s just me.
Scuderia is Italian for “racing team” FYI
Definitely looks like the /r/coffee /r/espresso starter kit! And you’ve already done the steam wand replacement.
It’s a pretty big deal internationally. I’m not sure this exhibit is even going to be anywhere else in the world actually. They gathered works from the biggest Van Gogh collections to make this exhibit. You’d have to travel to several European cities to see even some of these. It’s like the time the MoMA in New York had to renovate and the artwork in that wing went on tour and it included Starry Night and Persistence of Memory and Water Lilies all in the same spot in MFAH. It was mind bending and exciting. If you have the chance you should definitely see the Van Gogh exhibit.
Just to be clear, you’ve literally tried those mentioned?
Ok now bring back watchpeopledie
Morbidreality isn’t anywhere close to WPD material but I understand what you’re saying. WPD got quarantined and then eventually banned outright.
Yes they posted about it on their website
Electric or gas?
Good lord. iPhones are 49 bucks and the work is covered by a warranty
Yeah an iPhone is 49 out of warranty. And the work will be done at their store and then covered by a warranty
69 bucks but yeah. Seems very reasonable to me
The person giving you that test is a moron.
Car publications like Edmunds, Motor Trend, C&amp;D, R&amp;T, etc. and Consumer Reports buy their cars from a dealer like a regular person. It would defeat the point of having a long term owner ship experience if the manufacturer knew who owned it and treated them differently.
Sound like you didn’t read the article.
A remaster is a new copy made of the actual original analog stereo tape. When new digital recording techniques come along, record companies like to remaster stuff and pull out those old tapes. Now those old tapes are gone.
You’re either Rick Beato or just literally plagiarizing him.
It had two guys lay it all out on the record in graphic detail what he did with them. It was very compelling and convincing to me. It sounds like everybody that is criticizing it maybe didn’t even watch it
You should watch the documentary with an open mind, for sure. The two on the record victims are very compelling and I assume lost people know MJ settled a lawsuit around the same time for over 20 million dollars to another victim, who is briefly mentioned in the documentary. The kids all knew each other and were all around MJ at the same era in his career.
Good point
God I would ***love***to live in a place where AC isn’t required to live! In Houston our summers are daily 35C or higher with 70-80% humidity. We wouldn’t exist without AC. There’s a reason why were called the “air conditioning capital of the world.” Anyway, 35% humidity is wonderful. What a dream.
They were two of the people who said he didn’t do it and have since recanted that testimony. “On the record” can be in print or on recording as well. It’s very common for people who are abused to deny anything happened and even defend the abuser.
Why? Isn’t it available worldwide? It’s F1’s own YouTube channel.
What evidence?
It works great on my iPhone but I have to wait a full ten seconds and go to the photos app. It also works in the files app on the iPhone X.
I see it
Just added from Houston area. My code: Rip my friends requests lol
I’d say the Kinu M47 is true buy it for life material. Is like one big chunk of stainless steel
For espresso, my Kinu M47 does a gram every two seconds, so pour over is much faster.
They’d hit each other a lot in the beginning
Yeah this post is fucking stupid. His heart is in the right place but it’s very dumb.
So it’s an imposter!
Don’t know how you possibly gathered so many down votes but you’re correct, at least in Houston. It’s fairly early before the game but they definitely do announce it.
They don’t have any say in this. What do you mean?
A tiny tiny pinch would work. I’ve done it before. Like 1/8 of a teaspoon small.
Just so you know, Prime two day shipping means it should only take two days once it is *shipped,* not two days from order.
If like to see actual verified reports of “molten metal dripping” and by the way, the planes were made out of Aluminum, which melts at a much lower temperature any way.
It has to do with the cells themselves and they can see them in a microscope and usually determine what kind they are and where they came from. They also have different dyes to aid in diagnosis.
That sounds awful
Traffic exists almost completely because of people. If all the cars are spacing themselves out with sensors, then they aren’t hitting their brakes unnecessarily. And there wouldn’t even be a need for stop signs and stoplights because the cars would space themselves out automatically and know about obstacles up ahead and adjust on the fly
K I don’t make films
Same with Pagani. Yeah they use amazing materials and have amazing craftsmanship but they look ridiculous (in a bad way).
Fun fact; it cost 75,000 just to get the repair estimate from McLaren
I don’t think anybody makes a ton of money in the restaurant business except for the landlord/property owners.
Don’t forget the shark fins! Pretty much the most prominent shark fins I’ve ever seen in F1
That is pretty ridiculous but they should definitely make something like 75k for a full time position.
I would like to point out that the fact that we’re citing the Washington *Times* as a source just shows how far we’ve fallen. An email chain calling someone a Nazi? And, GASP, they have gmail addresses? That’s the big public figure calling him a Nazi? Good grief.
If you’re going to quote opinion pieces as news, then I don’t know what to tell you. Google employees? How many thousands of employees do they have? And a dozen in an email chain count as Google calling him a Nazi? You’re falling into the same trap that so many of the rest of us are: lumping everybody in together. The culture wars aren’t new but the internet has made them nuclear with their efficiency.
Sounds like a financial burden
I have listened to all the formats available so far and it’s on all of them. Not sure how people don’t hear them. It’s clearly a problem that they didn’t address during mixing and/or mastering. I’m surprised since Ludwig did the mastering but I guess it’s the state of the current music scene where this stuff gets by now. I’ve even gone as far as loading the 24/96 files from HDTracks into my mastering programs (Izotope and Pro Tools) and manually scrub out the crackles and pops. It’s nearly impossible to get out the ones on the “spirit” distortion in the vocals on Pneuma. It has almost made my ability to enjoy FI impossible because I’m anticipating them ahead of time.
Could you try weighing the water? Cups are different measurements all over the world. Weigh the carafe empty and then fill it up to “8 cups” and see what that weighs. It is what I have to do when I’m brewing pour over in travel mugs. They’re all a little different and once I weigh how much water they hold, I do the calculation and then write those numbers in permanent marker on the bottom of the mug. It’s likely that cups on your machine are smaller European cups like 5 or 6 ounces, but who knows for sure. Try weighing if you can and go from there.
Oh man I’d be all over that.
I have the full size M47 and I hover around 4.0.0 to 4.3.0. I also got the pour-over burr. You might like it even better after that. I think it has made a huge difference
https://kinugrinders.com/index.php?page=m_home_page.public.show_product&amp;Id_Product=32
It’s a very big difference for me. It takes WAY longer to grind, though. It does seem to be getting better maybe because supposedly burrs have to season before being most effective.
You can go see it in Houston
How fast were they moving? Planes lined up for IAH have been looking weird off and on lately because the wind changed and they were approaching from a weird direction. My daughter thought they were stars lined up and moving slowly but they were just airplanes.
Comets don’t move noticeably at all. They are usually as far away as another planet and are visible in the same spot in the sky for days in a row. Get educated before correcting somebody else.
Yeah, that’s called advanced scouting and everybody does that. If they don’t, they’re idiots
I go as fast as comfortable. With the pour over burr, sometimes it’s so easy that I will set it down on the counter and spin the handle with my finger. I do feel that it is maybe getting a little faster now that I’ve “seasoned” the burrs for a month or so.
I do it all the time and I don’t even have the flashlight icon on my home screen (8plus)
So, Randy is gone from Motor Trend? It would seem so. I’m sad for Jonny Lieberman because he’s lost all of his co-hosts and they’ve all been great.
Auto tempest seems to search all the sites in one go.
I know this doesn’t help much, but my refrigerator can dispense water by volume. It’s a wonderful feature I use daily.
It’s weird because when my BMW is in eco-pro mode, it actually goes into coast mode and disengages the transmission as long as you don’t touch the brakes or accelerator
Yeah it has a very extensive collection of all sorts of historical documents including the largest collection of circus posters in the country. I doubt that is on display but they usually have some good stuff relating to Texas history on display. It’s called the Texas Room after all.
Define a “proper” grinder. Under 100 bucks there isn’t much worth buying at all
Wow that sucks. It was, at one time at least, the world’s leading burn center, especially for children
You don’t usually get anything. But were you required to get your driving record or anything?
Good thing I said “there isn’t much” and not “there isn’t anything.” Reading comprehension isn’t your strong suit.
I keep saying that the replacement burr grinds so much slower that it’s basically a deal breaker for me in the morning. I’ve resorted to grinding the night before since it takes so long. It’s basically like ten seconds per gram of coffee, so I’ll be grinding for 2-3 minutes for a single cup. But, I think after a few weeks of use, it seems to be very good and consistent for me. I also have an Encore and on the exact same grind setting (by looking at the ground and comparing them), the Kinu tastes cleaner to me and the draw down seems quicker so there must be fewer fines. The problem is, I’m always fussing with something when I’m doing a pour over that I’m never 100% sure what made it better or worse and I am definitely not going to be grinding that much coffee just to test stuff since it takes so long and I don’t have that much expensive coffee to waste. I also change beans frequently and also do espresso so I’m swapping burrs sometimes daily.
George Howell has the best quality I’ve ever had. I just don’t like how long it takes to receive the coffee in shipping.
Yeah. I used to fly Houston Hobby to Dallas Love on a Friday afternoon and spend the weekend with my wife in Denton and the flight was full of lots of people that realistically took that flight daily for work or definitely at least for the week/weekend. The flight cost 50 bucks, after all. It was the last route with the 737-200, as well, so I got to fly those for a lot of trips. I could show up to the airport about 20 minutes before the flight and still make it, even after 9/11 because of the commuters having their shit together. The flight lasted *maybe* 40-45 minutes depending on the wind direction into Dallas.
That’s the manual espresso setup *with money*
It’s weird because the only part Maynard might have trouble with is the goodbye yell and he could get away with a sing instead of a yell if he wanted.
The F50 is kind of a forgotten stepchild for some odd reason. The F40 is loved by everybody and rightly so, but the F50 is far rarer (the F40 is the most common Ferrari believe it or not) and it has an F1 inspired NA V12 mounted basically straight to the frame and a six speed manual gated shifter with no driver aids. It’s fantastic.
I would bet it’s pretty small, actually. It’s a low volume item that is probably impeccably designed and built.
I agree with the lifestyle changes helping a ton. I have to eat like 4-6 hours before I lay down for bed to minimize the GERD bullshit I deal with daily. I love coffee but also try to drink espresso instead of big cups of brewed coffee. Dairy was another thing I cut almost completely out of my diet and to be honest I don’t even miss it. I also think the sphincter muscle at the top of the stomach needs more exercise by getting more physical exercise for your whole body, especially your diaphragm, which passes over the top of your stomach and the esophagus passes through it.
Well I know it sounded like I pulled that out of my ass but a doctor explained it to me and it makes perfect sense. As we get older, we get less active. The opening into the top of our stomach is guarded by a tight band of muscle that is part of the diaphragm. A hiatal hernia is when some stomach squeezes out from below and gets above that opening, and allows stomach acid to easily get into and stay in your esophagus. The hernia itself isn’t too common but the weakening of the muscle is super common with our sedentary lifestyles, like you said. All it takes is a few days and nights of irritation from that acid to do painful damage to your esophagus and prolonged damage leads to Barret’s esophagus witch then leads to esophageal cancer. Some strenuous daily exercise with heavy breathing would help work out that diaphragm I would think.
Not sure why you think blooming espresso wouldn’t be a thing. It’s coffee getting hit with hot water. There’s going to be blooming involved. The puck also swells in size while being extracted. If you could control all that stuff even more precisely, why wouldn’t you?
I like using the Kinu for espresso daily. It hasn’t gotten old yet and I’ve been doing it for more than a year
I bet nearly every single injury is from the landing. The tandem jumpers usually hit the ground first and are told to sit down before landing. They still get really close to rolling an ankle or even breaking a leg nearly every landing. It’s crazy.
The Astros had a better record on the road, so I guess nobody’s very good at it.
Multiple seasons? Where’d that come from?
He’s probably saying that you’re not supposed to be putting kids in front of airbags anyway; they have a knack for decapitating children. That’s why they aren’t supposed to sit in the front seat for like at least the first 8-10 years of their lives.
Even if they look like prime Natasha Henstridge?
Lick. Lick. Did you hear that?!
Like the mods would ever respond
Lol false
Well, I’d there any evidence that he did actually cheat? Like trash cans banging when he was at-bat?
I’ve been trying to find it but nothing is coming up for Altuve at-bats. Thanks for the downvotes, geniuses
It’s true for all publicly traded companies, and I agree. It’s sad that the only thing that seems to matter any more is the stock price above all else.
He’s my favorite because he likes to learn and has a healthy skepticism of most things until he learns more about them. He’s also not afraid to say “I don’t know” and “I know it’s anecdotal but in my experience” and that is very refreshing. In fact I can’t think of any other athlete ever saying that.
Hell yeah. If only they came to the US
Well when I heard him use it, he was talking about going “plant based” and said in his experience, it worked better for him but he knew it was anecdotal. It was on Star Talk recently.
You know the solo at 7:00 is Justin, as well, right?
So insightful
I think an additional experiment is to obviously store some vacuum sealed beans with an oxygen absorber of some kind. They have those, don’t they?
Some of us still have cassette machines.
I’m born and raised here and I’ve never gotten used to it. Fuck the swampy climate here. If I could have what I have here but live in Fredericksburg, I would. But that’s just not in the cards right now
Whenever I’m making a single cup of aeropress it’s typically 8/150 so that would work for you. Or just find out whatever water you would need for 12G of coffee
/r/roasting
Yeah and it’s also spelled “gypped” anyway.
It’s the only reason we have tread on our tires; for water driving. If you’re tread is low, you’re gonna hydroplane at much lower speeds than you should. People need to take care of their cars and that includes tires.
Sound travels very slow compared to light. It takes nearly four seconds for sound to travel a mile. This house was within just a few hundred feet of the explosion.
I think it definitely depends on the oven and the lamp. Mine gets so hot that I can’t handle the mason jar without oven mitts, so I’m assuming 140 or even higher.
That’s the proper way to HVAC things, actually.
Dude they were hard to find when they first released. Now not so much. Maybe you should go try again.
You had me in the first half, not gonna lie.
Nah I grind the night before fairly regularly. It doesn’t affect it too much.
I’ve stopped caring about what stuff looks like and only about taste. I stir the drink before tasting it but also sometimes skim off the top
There might be a group for your neighborhood on Facebook. My neighborhood app also has all those veiled racists and I just ignore them and only read the posts about actually happenings in my area.
Oh man that’s probably past its time, yes. The last time I had stale beans, no grind would work properly, no matter what. You’ll chase stuff and never get it right.
There’s an elevator I’m sure that nobody is using
Chill, Nico
The baby grew up and went to college.
I changed my battery on an iPhone 6S Plus using an ifixit kit and it still says “service” in the battery health area of the settings app. Apple will do that if you don’t use genuine Apple parts, so you basically should take it to them. It’ll only cost 50 bucks anyway I believe. I think it’s worth it.
Most of us hopefully can spot mental illness like this fairly easily. She’s got hate in her but she is clearly having a breakdown and needs help.
I have no idea but what if they were sliced very thin with a mandolin and then dehydrated?
Meh. It’s perfectly fine. Once up to temperature, it’ll only need small bursts of power to keep the temps up. My Pro 300 does fine at 1600 watts.
Good soundtrack, too
When I was a kid in the 80s/90s it was already a very hippie/hipster type area to live in
That’s fucking stupid info. If 5 people were killed, what about the pilot/pilots? That counts as one or two people. I doubt it was Kobe and four daughters. Let’s wait for some better info on the other passengers.
Is he really though?
Icing?! Are you aware of Southern California weather?
I have had to adjust a little bit but usually I’m doing 23.5/400 for a travel mug I regularly use. That comes out to something like 1:17 which is more water than most people use but it works for my technique.
Well, the radio transmissions aren’t encrypted or anything. Anybody with the correct radio can hear and record them.
I had a ‘99 Z28 and I figured all cars had a highway cruising gear but no, they don’t. Ever since then I’ve wondered why they don’t, especially when my next two cars (Mazdaspeed3 and M235i) have plenty of torque and on a track, you never even get to those top gears any way. Might as well make them tall.
Just get a single boiler machine and never use the steam function. That’s what I did with my Gaggia Classic and now it’s what I do with my Profitec Pro 300. It’s a double boiler that I never turn on the steam boiler.
Yeah riding a bike through a cemetery is pretty frowned upon and disrespectful. I’m surprised you didn’t know that.
Is
I see it available on the Nikon website. Is it not available?
Cute little dimples
I also have never used it, either. It still baffles me that people like looking at their own faces on their phone screens. But I guess some people really do care about that feature.
Not really, no. When I get my picture taken with someone, somebody else takes the picture with the back camera, usually. It’s never even in my mind to use the front facing camera. But that’s just me and a small handful of other people. Also, taking selfies with celebrities is very douchey and pathetic.
That makes this even cooler. I know Zak is a big fan of rally so it’s probably his doing
I stopped using Waze years ago. The only use I have for it was to spot cops on the highway when I’m driving to Austin or something. Google is far better at routing, like you said. I haven’t found a perfect app, though. I want one that will remember my route and stop recommending I-45 home to Spring instead of the Hardy. Every day the Hardy is faster and yet no app will remember my preference andmake it the default.
In Houston you can still get Earl Campbell jerseys if you look
I don’t think it’ll solve any problems you’re having, unfortunately. I replaced my 6S Plus battery a while back and it was in the Ifixit kit and it still says “service” in the battery information. I think you have to have a genuine Apple battery to get it back to 100%
The picture seems to be fine as far as consistency but the grind is too big, in my opinion. Grind a bit finer, unless the method you’re using is French press maybe. When you say bitter but underextracted, do you mean sour?
They don’t work any more. I don’t know why I got downvoted for saying that
They are definitely not “potato bugs.” That’s a really way off misnaming. You’re correct, a potato bug is like a scary giant cricket/spider looking thing.
Neil Young is a snake oil salesman when it comes to a lot of audiophile stuff. He’s just aware enough of actual modern recording techniques and equipment to be dangerous. Bit rate and sample rate aren’t the most important things in modern rock/pop music. I bet he couldn’t hear the difference between 16/44 and 24/96 in a blind test because of his age and a bunch of other factors. And I bet nearly all of us wouldn’t be able to either. 24/96 is great, of course, but it doesn’t automatically mean it’ll sound great. I’d argue that the extreme editing that music producers are doing now is doing much more degradation to the sound than bit rate/sample rate. It’s very easy to grab instruments and stretch and squeeze them to fit precise grids of tempo and all that editing and copying/pasting makes it sound shitty.
Yeah, his heart is definitely in the right place and his music is timeless, for sure. I just get annoyed with him when it comes to pro audio.
Probably oil and gas in remote areas
I think it’s worded wrong. Kobe said “I want to take the helicopter” instead of driving.
He wasn’t told to raise altitude. Where are you getting that? The ATC conversation says nothing like that.
Yeah witnesses are really useless for this kind of stuff, it seems. People that have never paid real attention when a helicopter flies overhead all of a sudden think they know what they’re hearing. People also constantly mistake the Doppler effect with propellers speeding up and slowing down.
That’s long before the crash and in a different area. They crashed in a valley surrounded by small mountains with heavy fog
He was told that he was too low for flight following, which is a normal ATC thing to say. They have airspace they control and he wasn’t necessarily in it because he was below it, because he was a helicopter. This stuff is basic ATC controlled airspace chatter. He was probably requesting it because he knew he couldn’t safely get out of danger without it, but the situation on the ATC’a side was definitely not “you’re dangerously low.” That’s a misinterpretation on your part.
I definitely have read and listened to tons of videos related to the ATC chatter. You are misinterpreting the language they are using and it’s silly and unhelpful. You can’t request a flight following if you’re too low because you aren’t in the controllers airspace. That’s all that means. It wasn’t a “you’re dangerously low, pull up” situation on the ATC’s part
The media is very bad at reporting details correctly. They are really bad at nuance. They probably meant something like “Kobe’s helicopter that we all have seen in those pictures, the black one” when it’s just a surface detail. The tail number is always what you’re supposed to use to determine an aircraft’s identity, but again, they always get it wrong when they are all racing to get the story out. Like the eyewitness that everybody seems to like; he’s just as useless as all the other witnesses. And that’s saying something. He just muddies the waters like nearly every other witness ever. I think the only credible witness would be someone who literally flies that helicopter and even then, they’d rarely actually know what it looks and sounds like from the outside because they’re always inside flying the thing. Details from most media and witnesses is almost always a little wrong, at least.
Man, fuck off with that tattle tale bullshit mentality on little stuff like this. If there was a collision, then of course. If we start reporting other citizens for shit like this, I’m fucking leaving
It’s shocking to me that you haven’t gotten the full size Kinu M47 ever. It basically fixes all the drawbacks you mentioned that the other hand grinders have and they’ve even released a pour over burr for it. I use mine for espresso and it’s fantastic. The pour over burr takes forever to grind but it’s also fantastic at pour over.
It’s decent with drip but now they have a replacement burr you can buy for pour over and it takes about 10 seconds to change burrs
Your body doesn’t really feel speed, it feels acceleration. So you only feel direction change. It’s perfectly plausible to be flying upside down in a 1G roll or dive and not realize it visually or physically.
The first Buc-ee’s I ever saw is the one in Giddings. That one is nearly smack in the middle
So are a lot of other things we see out there in the real world. Should we, as Americans, be reporting them to the police? That’s a slippery slope that I don’t want any part of. We have given up tons of our civil liberties already in the past couple of decades. We don’t need to be reporting misdemeanors to the police on other citizens. That’s fucked up.
That a pretty high ratio of girls!
If it was my mother in law, who I see all the time, I’d be alright with her helping with cleanup. Otherwise, go chill on the couch and enjoy the nicer things about my home and I’ll be with you in a few minutes.
Gail doesn’t really know too much. It’s weird that she does the videos.
I have bought a couple of induction coil countertop burners and they both sucked for the size they claimed. The coil was only 6” wide so there was always an obvious hot spot right in the middle. An 8” coil wouldn’t even be big enough for a 10” pan, in my opinion. The radiant heat making its way through the pan won’t be enough. The only induction I think worth buying would be the insanely expensive Breville Science thing for 1300 dollar because it actually hits the whole pan bottom. In my kitchen renovation, I’ve been eyeing something similar to the Thermador Freedom because of the annoying induction burner sizing. Definitely don’t get that popular Duxtop on Amazon. That’s the one with the 6” burner even though it may say it’s larger.
It may have been sarcastic
Not in Houston.
Well that is disconcerting. I didn’t notice anything until y’all pointed it out
I always hope to spot them on trail ride days
I’m betting on Hurricane Cristobal
You should go check out the spot where Santa Anna surrendered. It’s barely acknowledged and out of the way to get to.
Historic - Santa Anna Capture Site Pasadena, TX 77506 https://goo.gl/maps/kZab5FXMQS5o6qvz7
Peep the kicks. Jordan 4 SE what the
Anybody know where this is? I’d love to join him
Cool thanks
And they aren’t crazy prices either
No problem. I’m at work but I will drive by there after work and see
I think they are trying to say that they won’t be trying to get 7km eggs any more.
Oh jesus
People have definitely been shot for less in Texas, and on camera, and gotten off justifiably.
I’m really glad they added the Apple login. I’m even tempted to unlink the google login. The only thing I’m worried about is somehow Niantic loses the connection and then I’m screwed
Yeah but only when Obama was president. Now it doesn’t count even when it is actually happening.
My point is Alex Jones is silent about all this blatant shit right now when he’s been spouting this stuff for at least 20 years when I saw him on public access in Austin a long time ago. But now when it literally happening on camera and Trump is possibly doing the worst possible job to help stop it, Jones ain’t sayin shit
I got lucky when they did it in Austin in 2003
Damn and I tend to like that place
Yeah AJ Foyt might be the GOAT. It’s arguable for sure
Power Metal *did* blow lol. Cowboys from Hell was really the beginning and Vulgar Display of Power really set it off. Fantastic live band, too
Sounds like the Abyss. I believe the Vatican may have had their name changed to the Abyss sometime between 92-96
Fuck that. People were buying low ICQ numbers for stupid money a long time ago
Where do you find uncropped stuff anyway?
And Sharpstown, if I remember correctly.
Amen. The amount of utter dumbasses that are in college and getting degrees is staggering. In fact I’d say it’s most people in college. It’s not like getting into *generic* college is difficult.
If you’re actually asking for the highest paid trade in the business, it’s elevator technician.
No, the blue is always supposed to be at the top left whether the flag is flown horizontally or vertically, that’s all they’re saying. It was the first thing I noticed. I wonder if just reversing it horizontally would work.
I’ve heard an even simpler explanation: imagine the cloud of vapor that you exhale on a cold day. Now just visualize that still happening even when it isn’t cold. The vapor is generally still there, you just can’t see it. Any kind of face covering slows that vapor cloud down drastically.
I wonder if we will get USGP
Brendan was the one I started to hate recently but now Bryan is into it, too?
“Here comes an S, gotta put an apostrophe!”
I thought I was losing my mind or somehow missed something. A philosopher is someone who is an expert in philosophy. I’ve never heard of it related to alchemy.
Is just like to point out that training tells the cops that if someone gets ahold of your taser, you’re authorized deadly force to stop them. The thinking is that getting the taser they can then tase the cop and get their gun. I’m not saying it’s right, just that every cop in the country is trained that way.
Maybe it’s an RV queen?
Harmless but disgusting lol
Money helps. I’d even suggest that the large Asian population in FB county is probably contributing to it.
From the picture you can clearly see that this is the one you’re thinking of. Don’t know why OP called it TMC unless they were talking about the buildings in the background
Congratulations on the retirement!
What is the one thing it does?
This is, like, very very likely, unfortunately.
www.thedriversedge.net Is who I’ve gone through. I’ve spent quite a few weekends with them around the state and several at MSR Houston.
Get a library card as well. Your tax dollars pay for it and they love signing up new patrons.
The 3 series is disappointment lately
I believe the iPhone 6 is 64bit and compatible with iOS 12.5. So why not upgrade to that at least?
I partially agree with what you said but really we’ve all been pathetic at following directions and the CDC should be ashamed of themselves when they said masks didn’t help in the beginning. Busy people don’t have time to look for the nuance in the news about Covid, and god knows Trump is absolutely useless in leading by example (holy crap). So people are *still* parroting talking points that have no basis in reality from months ago. If we had all truly taken it very seriously and all worn masks and stayed apart for a solid month, we would’ve basically wiped it away except for small flare ups. But instead we half-assed it and there’s no end in sight.
That one isn’t even available to pre order. I’ve been watching for it recently and they’re having growing pains. The only single dosing flat burr grinder that is available is the super expensive EG-1.
Which 5G are you talking about?
There is more than one “5G” cellular connection. I was just wondering which one you have a problem with
That’s a huge chunk to be added in one day
Yeah I’ve stopped watching every single straight pipes episode. I usually watch when it’s a car I’m interested in. They definitely fit a niche, though.
Technically, it’s, “toe” believe it or not. Like touching it with your toe.
You can get deferred adjudication as many times as the judge will allow. You can get DA while already being on DA. There is actually no limit. It’s not very likely, though. You take defensive driving for the first offense and then ask for DA for any subsequent case. It’s not a big deal, they just want their money
It’s still trying to help put it in focus. A world war that we’ve all heard of killed fewer people over a longer time period. We really aren’t taking this that serious. I can only imagine what it would be like if it was an influenza outbreak like 1918. That’d probably scare them shit out of people
I think it’s extremely cool that the balcony that the general read from is still there at the Ashton Villa.
Why are y’all saying S# and not S+?
Men have their sexual preferences basically molded into concrete starting when they’re 12 or so and it usually stops around the time you start having actual sexual experiences. So your sexual preferences for 16 year old girls is pretty logical. It’s not like men mature *that* much as they get older. Let’s be real here.
🙄
Yeah I think pumping out the air like the Fellows jar does would definitely help with the oxidation. The degassing happens in just the first couple of days after roast but the main reason for beans going stale is oxidation and humidity.
How about the Lyn Weber EG-1
Americans tend to say it how it’s spelled, if they’ve even seen the work before. It’s not an animal we encounter.
I’m pretty sure Sony has sold every console since the PS3 at a loss anyway.
That’s what people in Alabama and Mississippi sound like. Their accent is pretty unique for just that area. He sounds like he may be trying to cover it up a bit. The accent is different than the rest of the South as well. They don’t sound like that in Georgia or South Carolina, for instance. Louisiana has its own unique accent and so does Texas. People not from around the area have trouble distinguishing them. I constantly hear people try to do Texas accents and they inevitably come out sounding Georgia.
Yeah I was on an iOS beta a while back (I think it was iOS 12) and pogo never worked all the way through the beta period and we all told Niantic repeatedly ahead of time and they never did anything about it. Low and behold when iOS 12 dropped it was a big problem and they released a fix fairly quickly but they could’ve just patched it weeks or months earlier. So I guess what I’m trying to say is you’re exactly right. They won’t fix it until they absolutely have to.
How do you truly downgrade? I guess it’s possible if you just delete the profile and do a restore?
Yeah and to be fair, the grinders they use at the roaster/miller are probably better than the ones we buy for home use. We just all know that freshly ground coffee tastes the best it can when all other things are equal.
I’m very confused. I’ve been away from the game for a little while. I am able to TM away frustration right now. Is that what we’re talking about?
Meh. If you’re obsessing over your precious battery capacity, then you’ve gotta get a life. Even with heavy daily use I’ve never seen anything worse than 80% in two years. And even then it’s what, 50 bucks till get a new one and have that work and battery covered by warranty? I’m not sweating it.
Almost zero regular people care about USB-C. They’re gonna care way more when they have to start getting new cables for their cars and what not. People will care much more about a connector into the phone than one into the wall.
He’s in the cool guy club *guitar shredding*
In my experience, even on the busiest weekends like Memorial Day, you can successfully stay 6 feet apart from people.
Weirdos
That is probably it. I used to practice tying one when I was a kid because it was such an elegant knot to learn. I was also obsessed with full Windsor necktie knots.
You’re talking out of your ass. TMC isn’t one hospital, it’s many.
Gibson has made reissue silverbursts in the recent past, fyi.
I love Williams Sonoma for just that reason. The one near me closed but I used to go look at their hand tools shelf and would always find stuff I needed. Sur La Table is similar
Yeah who knows 🤷🏻‍♂️. It’s weird to me because all this does is cut out the step of weighing the beans before grinding them. I agree with you, I’d rather have a way to remove the air like you can with the Fellows vacuum bean container. I put in a small bag of coffee and pumped out the air and the bag was completely devoid of all air. It works really well.
Reposting
*Christmases Never use an apostrophe to pluralize in English.
K. I was educating. Did it sound snarky or did you just read it snarky?
Um they had a problem with iOS 12 for so long that they still hadn’t fixed it by the time the final version of iOS 12 had come out.
The slice of fresh sandwich bread works 100% of the time
I personally see no reason to get the Pro for home use myself. I’m going to buy the 1.3 later this year, and can’t imagine needing 200K shots of warranty coverage.
Which freedom?
Looks fantastic, in my opinion
