Yeah this is stupid and like the gif vs jif debate. Nobody calls it Sharon. Consensus decided on the real pronunciation.
I know you think you were making a point - but The Shining **was** a shitty adaptation. I haven't read either of the other 2 but if his track record is anything to go by then I'm sure he missed the point entirely on them too.
A random sampling off the street? I'd gamble on being the best at chess or snooker or solving a rubiks cube out of that batch. I'm not a pro at any of the above, but I'd wager at being firmly above average and I'd feel pretty unlucky if someone else in a random sampling of 100 were better than me.
There is no such thing as a DBZ manga. It's DB from Bulma through to Kid Buu. Raditz shows up the very next chapter after Goku beats Piccolo.
That was probably the best of King's miniseries. Certainly better than The Shining. We really need a remake of The Shining on film, except, one that actually tells the story rather than turning it into a generic cabin fever movie like Kubrick.
This kind of thing isn't sustainable for Liverpool. I'm a big fan but I'm amazed we've come 14 games and taken the points from each of them. Wasn't able to watch this one, but watched almost all other games and they're exercises in frustration. Compare that to MC who cakewalk every game. End of the season they'll be 100 points and I can't see us too much over about 85, which itself is still a fantastic and usually title winning season.
Absolutely not. At best they could have a 40 minute OVA and maybe 2 associated chapters.
The tournament itself is pretty cool. The filler is awful. All it would take is a single panel on the first page of a chapter to explain how and why the universe changed. Doesn't need 2+ chapters worth of boring nothingness. They're milking it for all it's worth.
&gt; he's clearly the best. Frankly anyone who tries to argue against this in weight of virtually every statistic in football history is either a failed hipster, a troll, or simply has no clue what they're talking about. There's legitimately zero room for argument. Nobody even comes close. You have Messi. Then the few other standouts. Then the rest. With a big gap between each.
They're not canon because they aren't written by the author of the series. If they fit nicely in the timeline they still wouldn't be canon,
You can claim that as DB after Toyo used it for a reference on a Goku drawing.
Thank you for this. The last one with the Mercator projection was kind of awful.
The lack of compatibility between them is the issue for people entrenched in the other environment. Being unable to load GDB or LYR files makes it almost unusable for existing projects. Starting something from scratch is fine in QGIS though.
Pay off student loans. Buy top end gaming laptop. Ski trip. Deposit on a house. *** (To preempt the inevitable reply - I come from a country that doesn't bankrupt students, so my student loans, while still 5 figures, is only a small amount of this sum, leaving most of the money for better use.)
It's a functional adult thing. Only failures of human beings can't conform to it.
The bfd is that it's entirely self indulgent. Reddit, for many years, has had a built in function to privately thank your benefactor when you receive gold. Doing it publicly is just masturbation.
If LFC win the title he'll be their number 1 fan next year.
Frankly it makes no difference. Oil money being a cornerstone is the problem. Pep wins trophies for fun, but he always does it with a stupidly rich and overpowered teams. There is more than one common denominator and one is more important than the other. Lose the oil money and Pep won't be winning anymore.
Anyone done the wind and no buoyancy stage yet? I'm ready to rage quit. It's a clusterfuck of a level and fuck whoever designed it. Edit: no seriously though. What the fuck is this. You cannot move. If you get touched at all then you're dead. You just have to stand in the one spot and hope that the enemy comes close to you enough times that you can do 200 damage and knock it off with a &gt;B attack and if at any time it decides to do a ranged attack, which is always, then you die. Cleared the rest of the game on hard so far, and even after dropping this wet hot turd back to easy it's still just not fucking possible. Edit2: Hfs. You have a flawless fight, get it to 200 hp, but still can't knock it off. Then from the other side of the stage, where you cannot go, it uses it's special and you're dead. Fuck you and thanks for trying. Edit3: Omg over an hour later fucking finally. I pity every last one of you who don't yet know what I'm talking about. And inb4: "beat it 1st try you suk"
The high wind and zero buoyancy one was aids incarnate. Took me like an hour and wanted to ragequit for about 99% of that time. Such a dumb gimmick, even with spirits.
There is a vast difference between going down easy and doing what Neymar does. **Vast.**
I don't watch any trailers of movies I know I am already going to see. I legitimately don't see the point in it, the only thing it will do is provide spoilers,
Correct on all fronts.
OOT Master Sword and GC TP are the two best games in the franchise. Quality.
I'm curious if there's a single person on Reddit who hasn't seen this before at this point. It gets posted literally daily. What's more is that every single time it's posted the top comment is talking about the bend in the rope being the reason the lion is able to compete.
Piqued* Don't mind me, I just really enjoy this word.
Another way to think about it: * An average galaxy has 200 billion stars. * There are more than 200 billion galaxies. * In long hand, that equates to &gt;40,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 stars. * Most of these stars have planets. Likely many. * Anyone who thinks we are alone in this universe is truly naive. But we will never know, since the distance between even the nearest star is prohibitively far.
&gt; new reddit is pretty much better in every way Please. Name one single way that it is "better". Just one.
If you're still open to looking elsewhere then give "reddit is fun" a go. As for the default, I just find it ugly and awkward compared to what else is available (like new reddit compared to old reddit as a perfect analogy).
Tarting something up to look like any generic social media platform at the complete expense of functionality isn't an improvement.
&gt; it is trying (and succeeding) at keeping angles That's why all the shapes of any country approaching the poles are distorted, right?
Dude this is primary school stuff, it's not enlightened information. Still an awful projection unless you frequently undertake naval expeditions.
Just find a single page algorithm sheet. So much easier than Youtube. But nowadays people refuse to actually read to learn.
Fuck
Bottom shelf are 3L.
The inconsistency is very frustrating. March Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaapril Mmmmmay June..July Augtember October..November
It definitely needs a timescale. A colour legend too. It's meaningless without them. Shouldn't have to infer based on a comment that the different colours represent presumably skis &gt; mountain bike &gt; snow boots &gt; shoes.
Yes.
I'm glad this is the top answer. This is all people get out of me.
Intentionally being used incorrectly as a literary device by scholars is vastly different than being used incorrectly as a matter of illiteracy.
Sadly this is the reason. Karma.
The other guy was right when he said every team has losers, but it's laughable for you to play innocent as a City fan. Hell, your entrance in this thread is the epitome of hypocrisy.
If you're not speaking English with proper grammar, you're doing it wrong.
By existing for a long time, pretty much. He had a good purple patch in the middle but the majority of his career was mediocre, especially his captaincy.
Link being a "silent" protagonist is one of the biggest and most accepted misconceptions. There's no scripted dialogue, but it is abundantly evident that he talks to the npcs. He doesn't just walk up to people and pantomime.
Richard Bachman also wrote The Long Walk.
I realise there's literally no way to avoid this sounding like an /r/ihavesex post, but it's really not difficult to make your girl orgasm. Communication... If she just lays there letting you do the wrong thing for an hour then that's just as much on her. If she gives you direction over what's working for her at that time then 100% success rate really isn't difficult. *** Edit: Given it's been 4 mins and this is already getting pummelled, I have to wonder which demographic I've offended? Girls who don't communicate in bed? Guys who can't get their girl off? Both? Frankly I don't see anything wrong with my comment. It's not confrontational and it's accurate advice.
Whatever works! Ever had a guy try fingering your g-spot while eating you out? That seems to be the finisher a lot of the time in my experience.
And I'm doubting these women will be joking about guys not making them orgasm from oral. Context.
EoZ will just be rewritten. People are crazy about the story from 30 years ago remaining untouched. Just because they've said they're working towards it doesn't mean they won't make necessary adjustments when they get there.
Throw another billion bucks at it.
&gt; Nah it's the fact that you're blaming women for the orgasm gap despite clearly never being a woman who has sex with men. Learn to read what is **actually** said, rather than going out of your way to be offended by what you incorrectly infer. &gt; First of all sometimes it is just hard for women to get off. I'm very aware. &gt; That aside, it's not fun to sit there and tell some guy who's hell bent on porn style sex exactly what he should be doing the entire time. That's if you can even get the guy to listen to what you want, let alone find one who will ask. Stop fucking losers then. There are plenty of normal guys who actually treat sex like a mutual thing rather than what you're describing, in fact I'd say the majority. &gt; Like do you really think the only reason women aren't getting off is because well they just aren't communicating? Please See point 1. The part about learning to read.
I supremely doubt that Broly would have been able to handle MUI Goku. Despite what Goku said (which I will lament forever because people will use it as gospel forevermore), based on what we've seen I'd say Jiren is still stronger.
There was one frame which teased it. When Goku was transforming between God and Blue IIRC, he gets grey hair and eyes but only for a flash before finishing the transformation.
This movie was a pleasant surprise for me. I was never a fan of Broly and I honestly had pretty low expectations, but in the end I'm left looking forward to the anime adaptation. There was definitely too much going on here to cram into a movie and it definitely felt rushed, so a decent 12 episode arc will be great. The first 75 minutes were flawless and I was smiling goofily the whole time. The last 20 minutes were a letdown for me, as I neither like fusion nor the whole "maximumer" thing about Broly, but that was always going to be the case with this movie. Final verdict I'd give it a solid 8/10. Bring on the anime adaptation.
This whole thread is you trying to infer things that don't exist. Fitting you end with yet another failed attempt.
And when you decide to watch Game of Thrones then just skip the first 3 seasons, they're unnecessary anyway.
Is English your second language? You seem to have mistaken "best" for "worst".
I know what you're saying, and I'm not even one of those Z only punchy kicky type fans. I'm a big fan of Toriyama-DB. I think almost all fanon (GT/movies/etc) is terrible and Toriyama-canon is the only way to consume the series - but my love of *his* DB doesn't translate into any of his other work. He created a winner with Goku and the cast around him. I just don't care about any of his other series, they don't appeal to me at all.
Better title.
I look at 6-2 and see a clusterfuck of a game, especially given the actual order of the goals. Everton actually took a lead, and then showed a slight glimpse of a comeback before being put to bed. I look at 3-0 and see a team that has been shut down and never stood a chance. Oftentimes with this scoreline the winning team goes into cruise control rather than pushing for a flogging.
Now not in ridiculous /r/UnnecessarySloMo?
Yeah tbh it can be annoying. I drive a lot to and from work and typically I'm the only one in my car so for the vast majority of the time it's very convenient - but it can be embarrassing and annoying when giving a lift to someone else.
&gt; Purism much? Not purism for the sake of it. Not my fault that virtually all fanon is terrible. &gt; a lot of Anime's defining moments are from Toei Unless you're talking about Super I'd be very interested to hear how you justify that one. &gt; If you're that much of a purist you shouldn't consume any new DBS content because Akira only gives rough outlines for the story and Toei makes up the rest. You see, that's the thing. He gives them good stories. Infinitely better than they can come up with on their own. Evidenced by a hundreds of boring filler episodes, a plethora of awful movies, and an entire series better forgotten. Hell, BoG was going to be about some lizard monster who used poison (or some such garbage) until Tori came onboard and actually showed them how to create something worthwhile. Beerus has now become a mainstay and one of the most popular characters in the franchises history. Drastic difference between the people who just want to churn out junk to milk a series (GT) and the people who *actually* understand the characters they are writing.
It won't catch on. Shitty gimmick is shitty. People watch TV to relax. If they wanted to play a choose your own adventure then they would play one of the many games, or go back to their Goosebumps collection from the early 90's. This is going to be awful.
Liverpool are playing like dogshit tbh. No direction or incisiveness. Lots of incomplete passes and dispossessions. Just lucky that Newcastle are even worse.
Lol. No, I expect* the form team in the world to look a bit more smooth and connect more than 2 passes in a sequence before giving it away. I expect* them to have some kind of incisiveness going forward against a rather poor defence. They've been a fair bit better so far in the second half which is nice. I don't expect* people blind with bias to really understand though.
What about you?
Given the wealth of uneducated international fans on here, the majority of the Chelsea and Arsenal supporters would still rather Tottenham win - because they really don't know better and they've just joined the "we all hate Liverpool" circlejerk.
He just mixed things up. He was thinking of the offsides rule.
Come on dude. You know how people stupidly say that all Liverpool fans are cunts? Well the observation bias from comments like this is why it happens.
You clearly don't understand what banter even means. Here's a hint: It's tongue in cheek. Then there's being a cunt. For example: You.
Who cares either way.
That's Martian Hawaii actually. Australia is the important continent at the bottom. Just like on Earth.
I'm not complaining that Gogeta stomped him. I just don't like Broly **or** fusions. The last 20 minutes sucked for me.
Sure, but why do you say this to me when I'm merely responding to someone who did just that? If he doesn't start it then the conversation doesn't happen. You're perfectly happy for someone to say that SSJ4 is stronger, because that's what you (somehow) believe. But then when it gets contradicted then: "Who cares man...".
If you said **[incorrect statement]** and people told you that it's an incorrect statement would you accuse them of being "so upset"?
Or alivetime.
Really though? Like I know India winning in Australia is supposed to be this huge achievement and all - but look at who you're playing... There is literally zero feat in beating this "Australian" side. Frankly it'd be embarrassing if you **didn't** win this series.
Don't worry, we'll have a tactical masterclass and bring back MMarsh for the series. He's gotta come good this time right?
No wonder the drawings are so good. He's probably the best DB artist out there. Can't stand how fanfic Heroes is, but the art is still great.
Not like they were ever in contention if we're fair. Can't count it as a bottle.
I'm glad this is top comment. Glad, and frankly surprised.
Sounds familiar.
That's what happens when you play spastics like MMarsh relentlessly. Along with the plethora of other grade cricketers who will forever stain the history of the baggy green. All because your national body wants to look tough and ban your 3 best batsmen for something to try and save face. Ignoring the fact that all the other caught cheats got a small fine and maybe 1 match ban. (And inb4 it's somehow different because sandpaper. It really isn't and you should learn the first bit about ball tampering before commenting. Bottle caps rough it even more, and mints provide the opposite effect. Net result is the same.)
That's generous.
Speak for yourself, I'm plenty concerned. Was always more worried about this fixture than most people seemed to be. Edit: Well that was timely. Still clenching. Edit2: Holy shit wtf lol.
Grow up. If you didn't use witches hats as defenders then maybe you could do something about it.
Fabinho is sticking out like a sore thumb. So bad today.
This is why I was so fearful of the fixture. Arsenal score goals against us. Until we get a 4th I'm still not going to unclench.
Fuck me how hard is it to clear your line without passing it straight to a baby poo green shirt.
Because it's Liverpool. That's the only reason they've got. The salt is delicious.
Also they should never have even been in that neck of the woods. Fabinho gifted them the ball with an atrocious blunder. Led to the corner which led to the goal.
Only if you are joking against Liverpool. The bias is real.
This was Liverpool's claim to fame for the last decade or so. Typically did very well against the big teams but then dropped points to relegation teams. Now that they've patched that weakness they're looking good.
Liverpool are unbeaten from 20 with only 8 goals conceded and the idiots in this sub call it luck too. There's no real arguing with blind bias.
Exact same as the word "jobbing" in either wrestling or anime. Anyone loses to anyone else and stupid people are there to say that they "jobbed".
Imagine winning a dumpster of a league every year but being too shit to actually compete when put against quality opponents. Must be pretty humbling.
Yeah man, perfect time for you to do it. I much prefer dub, but I watched start to finish subbed and it was still a fantastic experience.
You literally didn't read a thing I said did you. I'm betting you're one of those people who complain a lot.
No like crunchyroll and stuff.
I would ask if you were new to Reddit, but I see you've been around for awhile. It surprises me you haven't seen a million people seriously suggesting this kind of thing in situations just as ridiculous.
&gt;untied I think this is a fitting name for them nowadays.
I don't know any of that, but I'm talking about people eating the exact same avocados that I am eating and having foodgasms while I'm just like "am I being pranked?".
You can tell a place is classy when they make their menu with MS Word rather than outsourcing. Then they have the audacity to turn around and be gatekeepers on how people eat their food.
I love this argument. "You just don't get it, you're too stoopid". It's a boring film with no plot, and no, it's not redeemed by the terrible subtextual "plot".
You can't bring fanfic to a canon discussion.
That's pretty accurate for a lot of people with second languages. I would say I'm 80% fluent *reading* French. Probably about 50% fluent *listening* to it. But put me on the spot and ask me to contribute to a conversation and I'll sit there with a stupid look on my face.
&gt; I Am Legend Only because of the terrible portrayal in the movie. They're not even remotely zombie-like in the book. Very obviously vampires.
In the source material they are explicitly vampires and display absolutely no zombie-like behaviour. They are intelligent beings. This is why the movie portrayal was so abhorrent.
23 movies vs 3 haha.
This is blatantly clear penalty in any game ever played. Just because you don't like Liverpool and don't understand the rule doesn't change that.
&gt; Chest Bicep. Handball. &gt; Shoulder Forearm. Handball. &gt; If his arm was by his side the exact same thing would have happened. And it wouldn't have been called. Waving his arm around like a donkey is why it was called. Arm in a natural position is legal.
He's always been a dumb goofy hick. Read the manga.
They tried to ease into that and nobody liked it so they stopped. There's no need for it. They all have their own channels and if they all contributed to the same channel then either there are too many videos (not enough views) or the more popular channels post less (not enough views). It's a failure before it begins.
Made videos for 13 year olds.
Scientist. Someone who actually earned the right to use the title Doctor.
Someone lecturing students is only a doctor if they have a PhD. A physician is only a doctor if they have an MD. It's a highly prestigious title due to the amount of work and expertise that goes into obtaining it. You can become a chiro after 4 years of undergrad. Might aswell call everyone with a BA doctor in that case. I can change a tyre on my car but I don't call myself a mechanic. This is an analogy of the difference in expertise between real doctors and chiros.
I started this journey of a re-read almost 4 months ago to the day and have binged through close to 10,000 pages gleefully in that time. I'm a huge data nerd so I couldn't help myself with this project and it really helped me to pay more attention with all of the names and histories. I did something fun this time around, I read all of the books chronologically (in-universe) rather than the order they were published. Now that I'm done I definitely recommend it and feel like it's the definitive way to read the series. That being said, there is a "premonition dream" in Book 9 (read 3rd) which spoils books 3-5 quite heavily. If that chapter is skipped, because it is otherwise pointless, then everything flows really well. *** [Here](https://imgur.com/lfzMR8s.png) is a more complete version of the original post which includes a bit of data for every Wamphyri such as nickname, type of conversion, and death. If you're wondering what the various colours mean: * Blue are born/converted in Starside * Green are born/converted on Earth * Orange are born/converted in Turgosheim * Black line is direct lineage * Black dashed line is unknown/best guess * Red line is born by blood but converted by another means * Yellow line is "born" by golden dart but converted by another means I've done my best, where possible, to keep all of the generations lined up. And it's almost fully accurate in that regards. What that means is that when you see any two names on the same line then they were around/born in the same era. So the top line has Shaitan and Radu and their ilk. The middle has Malinari and Dramal and Shaithis and their ilk. Etc. *** Please feel free to ask me anything about the series or just chat about it in general. It's all fresh in my mind and I'm desperate to chat about it.
It's certainly complicated and convoluted! The Wamphyri are frequently incestuous and family "trees" are definitely circular, but most especially so given Harry. Harry died and "God" sent his body back in time to land in Starside about 3000 years ago. His spores created the vampire swamp which infected all of the first generation of vampires. Also Shaitan who is literally the angel Lucifer/Satan. Later on, Shaitan's son, Turgo, burnt up fleeing from Shaitan and landed in the swamps in Turgosheim which is why he is the source of all the vampirism in that line. I was thinking about making Harry have a golden box to differentiate him from everyone else as the source. Though I guess over the course of 4 months of looking and constantly tweaking this I grew accustomed to it and didn't really think about other people finding the source since my eye was drawn straight to it. I would love more than anything for this series to be adapted, but I'd be terrified of it being done injustice. And let's be honest, nobody has the balls to adapt this faithfully. So I'm torn between wanting to see it and not wanting it ruined.
I have read it previously, and I am about to read it next to finish off the binge. But since it's aliens rather than Wamphryi I didn't include it here. Interestingly Lumley has a bit of a thing for aliens. Two of the Harry Keogh novellas are also aliens. Lumley **definitely** has a thing for vampires though because all 3 iterations of his aliens are the kind that suck life-force from their victims.
I loved all the action and overall enjoyed the movie, but I think the plot kind of fell off a cliff in terms of sensibility. For films that draw so heavily on realism that felt a bit jarring to me.
I don't go out of my way to *avoid* it. I just simply don't go out of my way to find it either. I don't watch the TV aside from Netflix. I don't listen to the radio - ever. And I don't read the newspaper either physically or digitally. All I really get is what spills over into the subs I'm subscribed to on Reddit.
AFAIR it was explicitly stated as much by one of the spectators wasn't it? If not, how would you qualify it?
Aside from that oddly jarring bout of clean vocals towards the middle this was really good. Feels more like old Agonist before Alissa left. Not that Vicky is bad (she's great!), just the bands sound as a whole got toned down a bit for her albums.
The figuarts are literally children's toys. Just buy him his own version of a couple if you don't want yours to be destroyed.
There are some great books which explain the basic tenets you should follow. One called "63 most instructive chess games ever played" by Irving Chernev. Online chess opening databases you can use to learn the proper way to react in the openings. Chess365 is great. Final piece of advice is that every time they make any move, take some time to think about the implications. What is that threatening? Where does that piece want to move next? Does that move open things for something else?
Gohan has zero of the passion that his character requires. His SSJ2 transformation in the original dub was almost the defining moment of the series and that was 100% down to the VA as it turns out. Because in Kai it's an extremely meh moment.
Remote possibility of Linkle but zero chance of Zelda being the protagonist.
Of course it's Link in the trailer, but there's a small chance they let you customise the character.
She'll be kidnapped or possessed in the opening cut-scene. Better just get used to that ahead of time, I literally already cringe at the whinging when she's obviously not playable.
I play games to what **I personally** deem 100%. Pointless arbitrary collection doesn't sit right with me. It's a cheap tactic by developers to extend game time with minimal effort on their part. So for BOTW "my" 100% was all of the shrines, all of the DLC, and as many Koroks as I could find naturally without sitting down to grind over a map for weeks on end. Basically, keeping the game **FUN**, ffs.
Full inventory of Lynel stuff takes about an hour. 900 Koroks takes weeks, and no life.
As long as it doesn't have a stupid time restriction gimmick. Especially for a game which wants you to explore. MM is a small world and even still the time restriction made me hate trying to explore it.
I have no issue with them putting a million seeds. I don't even care (much) that they tie the seeds to completion stats. I'm just saying that I personally consider myself to have 100%'d BOTW by completing all story and puzzle elements. I don't consider collection tasks to be any kind of merit of "completion" in a game like this.
It boggles my mind that people **still** don't realise that Yamcha is, was, and always will be a gag character. His entire purpose in existing is to make funny. He's never been a good fighter and his sole purpose in life has always been to make other people look good, usually in comedic fashion. What's that I hear you say? "He beat Goku!"? Yeah, no. Goku was running on zero energy. He got a bit of food into him and came back to beat the shit out of Yamcha so hard that he broke the 4th wall in the manga and literally cracked the panel. Since then he loses every fight he's in. Every. Fight. And managing to survive the invisible man with the help of 3 of his friends hardly counts as a testamur to his skill.
Weak &gt; slightly less weak &gt; awful &gt; slightly less awful.
There's zero paradox and there's zero need for an explanation. Right side of object hits right side of mirror and reflects back to the right side. Top side of object hits top side of mirror and reflects back to the top. Literally as simple as that. If you pretended to look "out" from the mirror then yes it's like it's "flipped", but it's not because of some silly confusing paradox about the human mindset like OP implies. Light travels straight. Mystery solved.
Watched a few gameplay vids to see if I would be interested and it's firmly not for me. Happy to see that so many people are enjoying it though and they did a good job with the Zelda brand.
I predominantly stick within several openings I feel are the strongest. But if you're against a good player and they open with a trap or just more unconventional than your stock standard centre of the board opening then you'll fall apart without a little book knowledge of what to do in those instances. Against noobs who know nothing then intuition is fine, but if they are on your level or better then not knowing how to open will almost always place you at a large disadvantage. I often open with g4 in blitz games just to test people like this. They most commonly play d5 because it opens the bishop onto a free pawn. I play Bg2 and if they take that "freebie" then they've as good as lost on move #2.
Pretty sure aside from disliking the fact that I suddenly have a roommate in the first place, I'd get along with myself just fine tbh. Never had an angsty or douchey phase as a teenager. Had mostly the same taste in film and shows and music and games and sport. He'd mostly be shy and awkward and stay out of my way too. Wasn't until about 18-20 that he comes out of his shell.
I watched WWZ so I just get angsty Brad Pitt. I think I will be fine.
Or you could just use metric like the rest of the world.
Australia could host this tomorrow.
At least this would qualify you for the event.
Did you just discover it or something? It's one of the most well known and well discussed (not)zombie movies of all time.
Or you just live in a normal country with proper pay systems.
My skyward strike was bugged and almost always refused to charge. For the most part this was a minor inconvenience because I just never used it. But when it was mandatory in the final battle against Demise, and needed to be done quickly, then I legitimately almost rage-quit. In general though I just found it gimmicky and would have preferred to play without waving around. Mild gyro stuff like BOTW and the 3DS remakes is about as far as I enjoy when it comes to motion control.
Typical American. Also amusing you chose to ignore my point, too.
I like Rafa a lot, but I can't help feeling like there's a big asterisk next to his name when it comes to grand slams. 12 of his 18 slams are the French on clay. He's the indisputable best clay player in history, and his existence is the reason people like Federer don't have about 30 slams - but still, I struggle to recognise him *too* highly on other surfaces. A great, no doubt, but a goat? Disputable.
Tien (and even Yamcha) are several times stronger than Goku when he died and learnt it. It may have even allowed Yamcha to crack a 3k PL for at least once in his life.
Roshi had a PL of 140 in DB. 11 year old Goku had a PL of 10. Satan **might** have been in with a chance against savage untrained Goku. **Maybe...** The likes of Nam, Blue, Chappa, Tao, Shen, and even Chi Chi would dispose of him with no sweat.
If that's what you have to do to survive, sure. If it's just frugality for frugalities sake then it's extremely silly. Food is one of the basic pleasures of life. Spend more and actually enjoy what you eat. I don't mean going out every night either. $50-100 pw on food should be do-able for any adult with a job - and the end result will be much better...
Do you have a version in metric so it's relatable to every other country in the world?
Gotta wonder where people went wrong in their lives if literally any fart in their life is classified as a "gamble". Haven't even remotely gone close to sharting in my entire life (older than most people on Reddit), and I have severe IBS so my gut situation is worse than most.
&gt; Bulma as a fighter Eww, why? She's literally perfect for a behind the scenes tech type. &gt; Chi Chi Why change everything about her? Just because *you* don't like it? &gt; Gohan Being aged up is necessary for a film. He'd probably have to be about 13 to be any kind of realistic. &gt; Saiyans Sure, stand them out from humans, this is a good one. &gt; Kami's ship Why? Especially after making Bulma a fringe fighter. &gt; Filler None of that actually happens so ofc it wouldn't be adapted. &gt; Frieza I think 2 forms would suffice. &gt; Ginyu Why?
Burnie.
My philosophy with this shit (and the myriad of other nonsense AT has said in interviews which people treat as gospel) is that it is not canon until it appears in some kind of canon material. So either the anime or the manga. It really blows my mind how readily people accept it too. For stuff to make it into the published material it means he's had to think about it, draft a story, pass it by an editor, do rewrites, and then publish. This is a process that takes time and thought. How people want to attribute throwaway nonsense from interviews on the same level is beyond me. Especially when most of the time it's obvious he's pandering to the interviewer to give them what they want to hear, or just pulling it straight out of his arse on the spot.
If you mean calling out stupid comments about things I like then yeah I try.
Dads typically have jobs, and lives.
Enter twice for a new line, FYI.
It's how you get your house.
People make such an issue about durability. There are 122 teleport locations around the map. You can get literally anywhere in seconds. And all of the great weapons respawn with every blood moon. Slashing a few Lynels is plenty to get you through hours of gameplay. If you like elementals (they're cool, but kinda pointless) then hop to the coliseum. Tbh it's akin to if people expressed "concern" about the bow and slingshot from any other game running out of ammo. Go get more. Problem solved.
Put the main character in a fur suit and give him eyeliner. Sounds like Mardi Gras.
Anyone have a screenshot of the whole affair? It's not available for me on Twitter.
Congrats
Thanks Kim. I saw these before but I was hoping to find something with the whole conversation, particularly smartass Josh.
While I agree and would also love to play around with it - unless he got assurance from the mods that he personally has a monopoly on these posts then I wouldn't do it. I came up with a popular original weekly idea in another sub and by the next week there were multiple copycats.
I don't know off the top of my head. I watch week to week and then forget about it like most fodder tv. I just know that while some are terrible, some also are quite enjoyable and scratch that vintage Simpsons itch.
Agreed. It was a glitzy Hollywood version of the same generic story that's been told 100x before. It attracted a new breed of fans to horror (which is a good thing), but they now hold it on a pedestal and consider it the best movie ever.
Welcome to the future grandpa. Tap and Go has existed in most of the developed world for years. Purchases under $100 do not require a PIN.
Beerus has UI and Roshi has an introductory level of it. *** Edit: Perplexed by the downvotes on this one considering it's factually correct in response to an inaccuracy. &gt; The only being that can use Ultra Instinct that isn't an Angel has been Goku
Murata is a phenomenal artist. Don't think much of him as a mangaka though.
I've seen a lot of stinkers so I doubt this would be **the** definitive worst I've seen - but it was certainly an atrocious movie.
The point of my comment is literally over your head.
600 a year? Legitimate fuck that. I'd say 250 a year would be a healthy high(er) end number. Most days you have some fun. Also have some rest days.
Hence why I literally went on to clarify in the rest of the comment, if you made it that far.
Totally worthwhile clarifying. Don't want them confused with the other Sheffield team Liverpool might be playing today...
God I'm happy we got that lucky goal early. It's so tedious watching teams pile a back 8. We break them all down eventually but it makes for less interesting games.
Holy shit Salah's touch is on fire tonight. It's been somewhat out of form for a few weeks.
Parking the bus is literally his only move when outclassed.
Fire is hot.
&gt; win the title &gt; totally valid idea These two things you said are incompatible. It's a nice idea to extrapolate and have fun "imagine if" scenarios - but claiming that the title could be lifted is dumb, because there are still 8-9 games left and the other teams could turn around and go perfect. They're not just going to adhere to a 2.1 PPG because we want them to. The idea is broken because it doesn't take this into account.
&gt; they'll do their own, new stuff "New" is a bit of a stretch for the Toei team. They seriously only have one story in their repertoire. Possession. Garlic possesses the Earth with the Sacred Water. Baby possesses the Earth with his nonsense. Pink Goo monster possesses whatever it can in DBS filler. BoG/Beerus began life as a Toei fanfic before Tori rewrote it. Beerus supposedly had virus power. From here you can infer how they'd write the story around that. *** So if the day ever arises in the future when Toei takes creative control of DB again - look out for their brand new story where everyone gets possessed. That won't happen though. If/when Tori quits then his heir apparent is Toyo who has done a great job with the Moro arc (which he has more creative control over than the rest of Super thus far). Toyo will make the OC and Toei will adapt.
I don't see Alisson being rested tbh. And I don't think Elliott will get a start either.
Lol. Hit him on the hip about 4 stumps down leg. *Huge appeal*
I've been part of various winning sides from 10-0 to 18-0 and I can say that celebrations temper off after about 5. You have a laugh and a hug but you don't act a fool. Also been on the receiving end of a 9-0 and it was the same for the other team. After the game was wrapped up then they stopped getting so excited.
There isn't a good reason. He was a throwaway character. Just some random guy that so happened to share blood with Goku before his story began. If he were to come back he'd be weaker than Yamcha who is already a gag character. If he were to go SSJ at his current PL he'd still be weaker than Krillin and Tien.
Easily Broly. He is a mutant. Literally. He surpassed SSJB in the span of a single fight. Gohan is irrelevant in comparison.
This is still early in the fire season. At least another month of the same intensity to go. Expect it to literally double. The relentless 45+ degree (113 funny units) weather and brutal lack of rain are only compounding it.
Gotcha.
Does this just mean the original movie is being placed on Netflix for streaming or is there something I should actually get excited about?
&gt; This is a terrible analogy btw. That would be like saying "Just start DBZ at the Android arc". That is **exactly** what it would be like. Do you think Z is a sequel to DB or something? Starting DB at the Saiyan arc is functionally identical to if you were to start at the Android arc. There is quite literally no difference.
Well that's annoying. I've spent so long hating that little twat and now he does something actually good.
&gt; many horror fans misremember Sam Raimi’s 1981 classic as a horror-comedy. It wasn’t and is about as deadpan serious as horror gets. I certainly agree here. I'm one of the few who don't really like the slapstick in the sequels and prefer the original/remake.
It's funny how tastes vary, even within niche subgenres. All 4 of my favourites here are not bolded. And of the ones you bolded (that I've seen) I only agree with As Above So Below.
The Tunnel and The Bay are both great.
Top contribution.
No effect right now. Broly will be a recurring character at some point or other in future and he can't just rock up out of nowhere from an anime POV. It's the exact reason they adapted BoG and RoF. They couldn't just start a new anime and expect people to already be up to date on the movie/s.
Yep another +1 to this. In order I'd say TP &gt; OOT &gt; BOTW. I really hope we get more of the older gen 3D games ported to the Switch. I don't even need them to be HD remakes. Just let me play all of the games on one device.
It is absolutely absurd that Wolf Creek is on that list. Puritans who are scared of violence have no place criticising horror.
Funny that the top of the list has gone from one Aussie to 4 in the span of like 3 years.
Nah he's never a good guy in this one. He's just very quippy and laid back, nothing intimidating about him in any way.
[Don't believe when stupid people rant about things.](https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/bivdr2/response_to_koala_copypasta/)
Are you asking about how to format a comment? \*\*Two asterisks** around something to **bold** it. \* One asterisk at the start of a line to make a dotpoint.
&gt; Maybe they don't always kill the Final Girl but don't they almost always get away at the end? Yeah this was my thought too. I came here to answer "most of them...?"
People (of a certain country) are known to clap at all sorts of things that normal people in the rest of the world think is absurd. The plane is one of them.
Ha, yeah all I got was ads for PhD positions in and around Liverpool and Cambridge.
Much obliged.
You realise that's a sequel, right?
Atkinson almost lost us the game against Villa too.
&gt; Fall Out Boy, MCR, and Panic! This is emo? I consider that stuff pop punk at best. Emo is heavier than that crap. It's an offshoot of hardcore.
It's not a difficult process. The difficulty is acquiring the materials.
&gt; Basically you have to select the hoffenheim flair as it’s the default I was wondering why there were so many Hoffenheim flairs who spoke as if they supported other teams. Just people who couldn't figure it out I guess.
RIP to that floor.
This thread gets posted literally every single day. It's really beyond a joke at this point. And as I've said all 487x before: How about we actually get some new content rather than rehashing on the same old crap...?
You're overpowered. That one is the "first" one if you play the game as linearly as the objectives suggest. 7 hearts is probably more than most people had when they fought it.
Has there been any word from Nintendo on this or is it purely just hopeful thinking?
/r/notinteresting
If only such a thing existed!
That doesn't mean anything. What matters is how many points the relegation zone had at the time.
I see that now (the site is very slow and the table didn't load last time). Still not sure how that can mathematically happen. Look at this years table and it's not possible for Liverpool to drop below teams with 20 and 19 points. City that season can somehow drop below 5 teams with equal or lower points than Bournemouth have currently.
We're talking about City who had a far weaker lower half of the table with considerably less points than the table Liverpool are faced with. For them to drop to 17th meant considerably more points were required for the teams down to 17th than Liverpool are facing this year. And since Liverpool aren't safe from 17th who are only 1 point clear of 18th...
&gt; goes in the pile with the Marsh's for being all promise and not quite delivering. So why hasn't he had 38 recalls then?
&gt; Penalty Not a penalty since he's outside of the box. Free kick is the correct terminology. It's like the scientific definition of "theory" not being the same as the lay definition. Yes the keepers team would be "penalised", but they wouldn't concede a "penalty" because that implies something else entirely.
Yeah that's what I meant by exclamation. Admittedly my word choice wasn't ideal because it's not a question either. Basically I meant: "Is that sarcasm or do you really not believe it".
My understanding was that the souls were cleansed and they were reincarnated. But Frieza was so stubbornly evil that he managed to block the cleansing of his soul which resulted in him being tormented until he gave in.
TIL the only alternative to playing expansive football is to park the bus.
It's a Japanese thing. They aren't averse to spoilers. I don't like it personally, I especially hated in Super where they started giving a preview of the episode *at the start of the episode*.
He was also there in the Villa game where we scored late twice to steal it. The game where we had **three** clear penalties denied.
I think Minamino just straight replaces Shaq in sub duties.
Can park the bus for a 1-0 loss all you please. If you want to get anything out of the game then you have to be more expansive (and likely concede further).
"You won't let us win with 97 points? Fuck ya then, we'll just get 110."
It's dangerous to do against Liverpool, but this is actually a football game now. Thank fuck for that goal saving the game from being a Mou disasterclass.
If Liverpool go invincible this season they'll be second on this list and needing to make it through to round 5 next season if they want to go top.
I feel like this title is inaccurate. It's a look at how this Psalm has been **interpreted and translated from Hebrew** over the years. Take the second line as example. It's clear that these aren't just changes in language. They're changes in what is actually being said in the first place: 1. Idfk 2. In the place of pasture he set me there 3. He makes me lie in green pastures 4. He lets me lie in green pastures
Because most people don't want shipping in their franchise.
That is indeed the joke...
That's what Google is for. Reddit has its place, but there are far better targeted sources for things of interest. I just don't want/need the social news aspect. If I want to learn something about a rival club then I do it without needing to see what everyone else thinks.
Dating is one thing. Your fanfic is just awful. "Kiss me, woman!" It's the incel wet dream.
&gt; I realize that Yamcha is a joke character at this point Yamcha was introduced as a joke character.
Don't forget the doping. How else could Liverpool run circles around everyone else.
Some cringeworthy twats responding negatively here. Don't think poorly on the rest of us. As for your OP - I'd say we're "favourites", but the finish line is eons away and so much can happen in the meantime. If the league gets wrapped early then I'd say that definitely hammers home favouritism.
Mate most keepers are out of their box in under 18's club level. Allison is an absolute legend but you're straight up uninformed for thinking this is rare or only something elite keepers do. Source: 20 years as a keeper.
People are just blinded by bias. They want the narrative that Spurs missed a couple of golden chances so therefore they were the better team and should have won. Forget the plethora of golden chances that Liverpool missed. Goal line clearances. Hitting the post. Poor last touches. It should have been 4-0 before Tottenham decided to press in the last 20 minutes.
The EPL teams were just as shambolic last year and still came top 4 in Europe. It's only the RO16. Just as likely to be a repeat of last year as not.
Works just fine. And to save the stupid question, yes I've cut absurd amounts of onions. Used to work at a pizza place and would cut 20kg for prep. Everyone in the store including customers would be crying from the fumes in the air but for some reason I wouldn't. Wonder what the reason could be.
Correct answer ^ His Ultimate form gives him 100% of his maximum power with no further room to hulk out. He can only increase it by increasing his base or unlocking God ki.
They almost literally always just give a 2 minute version of the movie. I refuse to watch trailers for anything anymore, haven't for years. The one sentence blurb on IMDB is all I ever know about a movie before watching it.
It's more than that. At least 2/3 to Liverpool. 1/3 is still a considerable risk. It's nowhere near a coinflip though.
This is incredibly stupid, and the fact that it is "controversial" meaning it got equal amounts of upvotes means there are a lot of stupid people out there. There's literally nothing transphobic about backing out of sex when someone springs a dick on you. **They** are the ones in the wrong for letting it get to that situation in the first place.
One panel, yeah. It's canon.
They've got more of a chance than most teams that play us because we'll be fielding the kids. Yes the kids just beat a PL team but still, the door is as open as it's going to get for Shrews.
It's incredibly easy to not spoil things for yourself by simply, y'know, not watching videos with spoilers on Youtube... This includes trailers.
This isn't unpopular. Unpopular would be saying the game itself is the best in the series.
Ocarina of Time is a great place to jump in, as many others have already said. Though there are other ways too. If you like 2.5D games like Pokemon on the Gameboy then you can't go wrong with A Link To The Past. And if you like big open world, modern, expansive games then BOTW is perfect. There's no (real) timeline or continuity that you need to worry about. Nothing will be spoiled playing any game in any order.
Toei filler is almost exclusively bad. That scene never happens in the real story.
Piccolo initially but now probably Moro.
Probably not strong at all. He had the ability to gauge ki. God ki is not detectable unless you have it yourself. So they'd probably be just as strong as Android 8. Aka useless.
No Atkinson or Moss was all we could hope for. First step accomplished.
Yeah I tried to Google it but couldn't string the right words together to get a coherent response. That's the kind of thing I meant when I mentioned stipulations in my original comment.
A naked dude with nowhere to conceivable hide a weapon would *probably* survive. Even still it's less about pussy pass and more about how absurd American cops use deadly force. The rest of the developed world don't have a cop problem.
Don't think you understand what "big" games are. You clearly mean hardest game of the season. "Big" games are those that have a bearing on where they will finish in the ladder. This is a game they are straight up expected to lose. The "big" games for them are the ones against their top 4 competition where they can take the 6 point swing and keep them at bay.
Highly likely we'll finally see some more impossible positions after this weekend. Norwich being ruled out of winning the league.
&gt; At this point I can't even tell if this is stupidity or satire.
3rd umpire was desperate to give Smith out there despite the clear edge. Thank God for umpire's call.
Screw flairs. All they do is make people attack the club rather than having any real discussion.
Let The Right One In*
It's funny that people think this actually works.
Putting aside how shitty it is - every time Reddit advertising comes up all I'm left with is one thought: Who is capable of navigating Reddit but somehow don't know how to stop seeing ads? I haven't seen an ad on Reddit on any platform in the 8 years I've been on here.
I roll my eyes every time I see the title on these posts. Looking through his history it seems it's always OP too.
Yeah it's set in the 2nd Age (thousands of years prior to LOTR) and follows the events of the Numenoreans (Aragorns predecessors) as they deal with Sauron when he is still a beautiful Maiar (Angel) trying to deceive them.
&gt; Only when the series was broadcast in the United States was the series split into the standard seasonal cycle What America does after it's **original** run holds zero bearing on anything at all. DB never aired seasonally.
Okay VAR has been actually good today. Palace could've had a cheap penalty and it was denied. City could've had a cheap accidental penalty and it was denied. This is why it should exist. If we can do away with the trigonometry nonsense for offsides then all is good.
This isn't Twitter.
Gohan is a poor fighter. The only way he has ever won fights in his entire life was by dwarfing his opponent in power. Without that advantage he's bereft of ideas. 17 was able to fight with Goku and Frieza because all three of them are actually skilled fighters.
&gt; It is often considered by many fans to be an outright plothole that Bulma was able to fly her plane up to Kami's lookout in the Cell Saga, when it was established at the end of the Piccolo saga that a rocket **would just be repelled by Kami.** &gt; #would just be repelled by Kami ...enough said?
Said it a number of times, but Valve have a licence to print money at their disposal and refuse to grasp it. If they released their own console which shipped with Portal 3, L4D3, and HL3 exclusive to the console then they would have instant market dominance in the console realm. Equip it with Steam compatibility and you now have a Steam console. They could charge $1000+ and everyone would buy it in an instant.
Yeah I typically just focused on one small corner of my research which made it more tenable to get through in such short amount of time. Trying to dumb down the whole thing into that short of time is impossible.
He cares for his family and friends. He'll get angry if they're threatened and do anything to protect them. But the greater world in general isn't his concern. He'll save it because he/his family need the world to survive. But he couldn't care less about doing random acts of superhero nonsense. That's Gohan's schtick.
What's the combat like? I love DB but hate fighting games. I played FighterZ through the campaign and never touched it again.
I genuinely can't imagine being this superstitious.
Is that of Kai or Z? Could swear there are numerous episodes of Z that don't feature Goku. Basically all of Garlic for example.
Not only that. Raditz could go SSJ and still have a fair fight with Krillin circa Namek. Goku had trained his base power to exponential levels.
They're not a superfood insofar as they aren't nutritious and healthy. They make it so you don't have to eat for 10 days though.
&gt; offsides Offside* Only Americans say it your way.
Is there really any point considering Arsenal and Tottenham "big" sides anymore? United are clinging on, just. If we want to talk about a big 6 then it should be the current top 6. They're the best in the league and it's not by accident.
I didn't mean that *any* teams who find themselves in the top should be considered "top 6" teams. I meant that right now, as the table stands, the current top 6 just so happen to *actually* represent the 6 best sides in the PL. Arsenal and Tottenham are a margin worse and shouldn't be considered just on history. When Liverpool sucked and were finishing around 8th nobody considered them part of the "big 4" anymore. Their place was straight usurped by City. They were outsiders. Now it's time to make the same delineation.
It'll be there next chapter. The best part about this arc is that it isn't in a rush.
People love to praise the white dot, but I prefer to keep my eye on the encroaching black boxes. They are the real MVP, and hopefully it won't be too long until they sufficiently do their thing.
What's it like to be this stupid? I'm actually curious.
Adrian is a great benchwarmer. He may even be the best since Reina if you discount Allison. But he's not a top keeper.
I love out of context screenshots that are tailored to look bad against Liverpool. They happen literally every single time they win, which you may have noticed is every week. He got there first and got 100% of the ball in that challenge. This convenient shot is taken after the Tottenham player threw himself into him. Also holy hell how deluded can one be to think this is in any way comparable to Aubas? He got no ball and almost snapped the guy in half. Seriously cut your losses and stop talking utter shite.
Already been over the red so I don't need to repeat myself. But: &gt; Salah rolls around on the floor looking for a penalty every other match and never gets booked for diving too Salah hasn't done this at all this season. I think we need to return to my initial comment in this thread. Even last season when he searched for (**and found**) contact he wouldn't roll around. Hell, Mane got a yellow against Villa, even after VAR scrutiny, for a clear and obvious penalty. But that doesn't fit your delusion very well though.
The Moro arc of the manga is fantastic, but the anime was pretty easily the better product throughout "Super". Toyo was so rushed trying to catch up to the anime and the product severely suffered.
There was literally a quote stating that he was working hard to get in front of the anime by the man himself. No I don't have it on me but if one of the people who store every interview ever made stumble by then I'm sure they can dig it up. The DBS manga was incredibly rushed until this arc, where it has *actually* returned to DB manga pacing.
What are you on about? We played 9 games with an essentially unchanged squad in the 4 weeks leading into the Wolves game. And no, that doesn't count the Villa game. Wolves played 7 in the same time.
His 3rd eye never had anything to do with anything. He's just a literal master of martial arts. He is able to copy moves because he's just very talented. Barring Roshi and Goku he's **EASILY** the best martial artist in the series.
Well the guy who drew it is now the official artist/kinda-author of DB. It all came around.
You mean like: * SSJ Ikari * Wrathful State * SSJ Berserk (+ controlled, + SSJ2) If only they existed...
&gt; some random aliens Makes me hate that "28 worlds with life" nonsense from prior to the ToP. We've seen more than 28 species of aliens in **this arc alone**. Let alone the rest of the franchise up to this point.
Robertson having an absolute shocker and Salah making it difficult to argue the ball hog reputation. Probably no better chance all season for someone to nick it off Liverpool.
Omg can this game please end. Robertson needs to be put out of his misery. Straight 0/10 performance today.
Are you dense? You want them to line their pockets when they sell talent? Or put it back into the club? It's incredibly simple to see the difference between using ones existing assets than being bank rolled by sugar daddy.
&gt; TP’s could have been a button and would have been much better that way. They **were** a button and they **were** much better that way. It released on the Gamecube.
I would take Fi on permanent loop if it meant I could play that game without the abysmal motion controls.
They were game-breakingly bad. The skyward strike almost never recognised on my remote, which is kind of a big deal. I genuinely almost ragequit against Demise because Link would stand there like a moron waving his sword around rather than the SS working. Demise would then charge and murder him. Time and again. I almost had a heart attack when it finally started charging because I had so much pressure not to fuck it up because I wasn't getting another chance.
This has gotten to the point where I'm looking ahead to future seasons and wondering how bad it will feel when we're no longer putting up 100 point seasons. I've grown so accustomed to winning basically every match and essentially never losing. I don't want to let it go. I'm savouring every last game.
######Draginball. Titalle. I would picke my faveriet guy his name is Guku he does ha me ha ma aaah he is my faveriet. As you can see I like Guku. I help poepel when ther in chrubull I use my powers to get them away. I dont help poepel who are bad. I use my ha me ha he haaaaa and use super sayine blue to get strainger and strainger. Draginball.
Nope. What you are calling "story padding" is by definition "filler". It is just one of those words that fandoms have butchered for so long (jobbing as another example) that nobody even remembers what the real definition is in the first place.
Because Twatter sucks and most people would prefer something like this.
Only two top 6 fixtures remaining for Liverpool compared to all five for City - four of which away from home.
&gt; Players in a relegation dog fight start playing every match like a cup final. This is a good thing for us. Rather than having to deal with them sitting back with 11 men in the box and trying to shithouse 0-0 there'll be more openings for our quality to make things easier. It won't be like Wolves every game because the other teams simply don't have their quality.
Yeah had it since release day. Though while it is definitely worse now, I never saw the times they promised in advertising either.
The goals against per 90 either shouldn't be included, or should be inverted. Because as it is it makes it look like an area of great strength for Adrian over Allison. The whole point of plots like this is that the further out the line is the **better** the stat is.
I don't think I could put into words how happy it would make me to see them relegated.
You know how Liverpool had 30 years of misery? This was how it started. Part of me thinks United are just too rich for this to continue for that long, but it's been 7 years now and they're still in freefall with absolutely zero sign of things improving. Few more years of Ole mediocrity should kill off the plastics and hurt their wealth/brand. It really is Liverpool all over again. *** Edit: Didn't think it needed stipulating that I **obviously** meant "league misery". But enough "ackchually" folks have come along to make this edit occur.
Not this season he hasn't been. Trent has improved a lot.
PL's yes, but OP is talking about multipliers for the forms. It's commonly accepted that SSJ is 50x, SSJ2 is 2x and SSJ3 is 4x. We don't know what SSJG is, other than extrapolation based on comments by Goku and Vados where we can surmise it to be 20-100x (stronger than SSJ3). We know SSJB is 50x because it is simply adding the SSJ multiplier on top. KK is numbered and we know that Blue Evo is ~= KK20, so it's a 20x multiplier. The complete unknowns are UI and the varied rage forms (Ikari - Trunks), (Wrathful - Broly), (Berserk - Kale, Kefla, Broly).
This just simply isn't even close to true. He averaged high 40's with a foray into low 50's all the way through to 98. Then the remainder of his career saw his average wander between 54-58 and back again. Nobody forgets how amazingly consistent he was. Nobody denies he is right up near the top of the ATGs. But in terms of pure dominance he never showed numbers that rivalled Smith or Ponting (in tests). His average never crested 60 one single time in his career. And his "best X years" streaks are considerably lower than the aforementioned. He was great because of his longevity at the top instead.
I don't see how anything can compare to King Piccolo. He not only succeeded in getting his wish. He killed half of the main cast in the process, **including Shenron**. There was no way to undo any of it. It was for keeps. It was later retconned that Kami exists and he could fix everything. But that is ex post facto reasoning. Ever since that moment nothing has had any gravitas because there is always a reset switch.
There've been tonnes of these "pandemic" scares and they never amount to anything, just like this one won't. You may not be old enough to remember all the others over the last 20 years but just like them, this will fade into distant memory in a couple of months.
&gt; What about c4? Or Nf3? What about them? I never said that there were only two openings, I said that the use of e4 and d4 is basically equal. &gt; That doesn’t make any sense. Those moves are often very useful and are played by grandmasters all the time. No they really aren't. Not to this level. Of course they can and are played now and then, when it's actually warranted - but considering how lit up all 4 squares are here then it's pretty clear it's not masters. &gt; Could you elaborate on this? A and H are files, not ranks. Good players don't place their pieces on the edge of the board. It is too far from the action and dominating the centre is how you win games. Amateurs do it quite often. Pedantry about naming aside. &gt; 32% of the time, masters respond to d4 with d5 In history 60,722 masters have responded to d4 with d5. 143,912 have responded with Nf6. Like I said. Overwhelming majority. And considering it is also the most popular reply to both c4 and Nf3 - the 3rd/4th most common openings - then the fact that Nf6 is not lit up bright is a very clear indication that these data are from amateurs. &gt; Edit: have you looked at a database to confirm any of the opening related points you made? Yes. Maybe you should have too.
Klopp doesn't care about losing shitty cup games at home. And that stat is only PL, not all competitions. It won't reset if we lose. He sent out the under 12's against a full strength Everton at Anfield. Somehow won. But the point is that the home fortress only matters in the PL and CL (and only then in the knockouts).
&gt; They would face teams constantly with 11 players in defense. Never seen a Liverpool game have you. It's rhetorical. We both already know the answer.
Had this guy tagged as a chronic whinger for a long while. Just do the same and you will spot/laugh at him all over the place.
Pay no mind to the armchair analysts who bemoan them at every turn. RT is fine and not failing any time soon. These people have zero idea what they're talking about.
He'd defuse and be a split personality within an hour. We already saw that fusion was enough to override his SDB granted immortality.
I haven't heard. Hope not. If you follow Japanese programming do you have a source? Wouldn't even know where to look.
Got to love entire multiple paragraph statements being ignored for the sake of pedantry against a figure of speech. Never change.
People like Aliens because it panders more to the mainstream with its action, but Alien was better when it was horror.
He's made 20 million bucks at Liverpool alone, not even counting the time before it and the time to come after it. On average wage normal people need to work **400 years** to earn this. 200 years at a cushy upper middle class wage. 100 years at an executive upper class wage. The delusion some people have really beggars belief.
I Am Legend is a good one that hasn't been mentioned yet. Book is far better of course but the movie was enjoyable enough. Stakeland is another goodie.
Also as a keeper - I've never hoofed it down the park, but one of my favourite things to do when they spot it and start measuring their run is to go up and point at the ball as if it's not spotted correctly and then nudge it off the spot. Almost always get away without a card.
He should spoiler tag it, but he's right.
If we're talking about stat padding then nobody is more egregious than United with the pre-season friendly.
Because nobody who has read the book could conceivably think that The Shining was a good adaptation of the story...
Really appreciate all the work you put into these posts. Any chance of getting stream date added into the tables in future?
In the history of the PL, Mo Salah holds the record of most consecutive victories. 30\. His nearest rival in this streak? Milner - 23.
Yes. And ideally you should start at episode 1 rather than the 3rd arc after those movies you've seen. Because the anime changes things and you'll be confused by certain aspects later in the series unless you see the changes.
This is kind of a bummer for me to hear because I'm desperate to see them go well past 100 and remain unbeaten. I don't want to see the PL abandoned after the title is cinched. Saw last year that they're more than capable of dominating the PL on the run into winning the CL. Went 9 straight in that period.
Seems clear to me that the context of OPs question isn't: &gt; Do I need to have seen DBS to understand Broly? In which case yes because &gt;!Frieza is alive!&lt;, but otherwise it's fairly self contained. But instead is: &gt; Does Broly come after DBS meaning I should watch DBS first? In which case: my comment.
Which teams from other nations do you support, or at least just enjoy to watch? I'm not English. The league in my country is abysmal and Liverpool have been "my team" since 2003 when my country's best player signed for them. But I still have teams that I quite enjoy to watch from all of the big leagues and several of the smaller leagues.
I have a big soft spot for Barca too. Just such a joy to watch dating back to the likes of Ronaldo and Ronaldinho and obviously Messi and the last decade of squads. I like Dortmund retroactively for Klopp. Never really had a German team before that. Similarly I like Rangers for Gerrard.
Well IMO TP is the best Zelda game - so that's a farcical score. Looking at the categories OP listed: * World: Great * Art style: Great * Pacing: Great * Items: Best in the franchise * Abilities: Great * Dungeons: Best in the franchise * Enemies/bosses: Best in the franchise * Side content: Good * Music: Not something I pay much attention to. No opinion.
Probably going to dabble in August. Saved a good deal of money the last 18 months plus the potential to lose a few like Lallana and maybe Gini. Expect a couple of midfield buys. Both attack and defence are set for years.
Slightly different teams and circumstances. Just slightly.
&gt; dungeons I love the Forest Temple, Goron Mines, Arbiters Grounds, City in the Sky - and think that Hyrule Castle is the best final dungeon in the franchise. The Ganon fight/s are unrivalled, no final boss comes even remotely close. Hell even the Darknuts in this game are better than most bosses in other games. &gt; items Things were so unique in this game. I love the ball and chain, the spinner, the epic double clawshots, even things as simple as the scope on the bow. The dominion rod made for really fun puzzling. Frankly everything about this game makes me just want to go and play it all over again for the nth time. &gt; enemies (even though you didn't ask) The fights in this game are just so fun. The skills you have which are actually genuinely useful. The Cave of Ordeals is absolutely brutal and never feels repetitive because of how diverse and powerfully scaled the enemies become. The minibosses in dungeons are fun and the final bosses just feel big scale and epic.
Even if Liverpool lost 12 games by 2 goals apiece for a -24 and all other teams won 12 games by 2 goals apiece - **still** things would be close as far as GD. +41 after 24 games is no joke... Just because they don't go out and try to score 6 every week like City doesn't downplay what is a huge tally already.
Armchair psychologist. They're everywhere around here.
&gt; Have Goku and Vegeta considered wishing for eternal youth, or something similar? No. Really, enough said.
Koontz is very hit and miss. He has some quite brilliant stories which are far more deserving of this list than many which made it. But then every other book is rather terrible.
It'll rewrite EoZ to fit the new flow and continue right on past it. The broad events of EoZ will remain but it'll change stuff like Bulma's dialogue and likely the Uub plotline. Rather than abandoning his life in some "whimsical" gesture things will play out differently.
It might be better received without the ridiculous body proportions. It's like people are incapable of drawing female characters without absurdly fetishised bodies.
TP Link can stop dead a charging Goron who has to weigh in the order of tonnes.
In this case I say yes. I'm of the belief that the author owns anything they publish, but beyond that it is the domain of the fans. With the sole exception of Tolkien, actually, where I accept his unpublished work as complete canon. The reason I feel this way is because Tolkien spent 60 years developing and thinking about every piece of his world. People like Rowling just make shit up on Twitter, and another franchise I love: Dragon Ball, the author is renowned for ludicrous interview "canon" where he just pulls things out of his ass. So in these cases I consider them little more than fanfic until such time as they get published. But Tolkien's letters and such I consider as near to canon as possible because they aren't just pandering to the interviewer. If that all makes sense? Got a bit rambley there.
&gt; Technically the “estate” (to use OP’s phrasing) says one thing, which makes it officially canon. There is a subtlety to that even, as far as I think at least. If Christopher wrote his own stories set in the universe then I would be perfectly willing to accept their canoncity. But if nameless Tolkien descendant who didn't dedicate their life to studying his work were to do so then I would consider it a non-canon cash grab. Same thing happened with Bram Stoker's Dracula. His great great great nephew decided to write an abominably awful "sequel" to Dracula, with the name Stoker front and centre. Nothing more than fanfic.
Thanks for giving me some stuff to check out.
I never said I lived in Utopia. I meant that never does my country descend into anarchy.
&gt; I have already dove head first into DBZ and can't wait to see how the story is presented on the page! Did your manga rebrand itself to DBZ like the anime? There's actually no such thing as a "DBZ" manga. Dragon Ball spans from the beginning until the end of the Buu arc. Nonetheless, glad you enjoy it. It's a great read. *** &gt; I kept finding little things like that throughout all of Dragonball that made me realize that Toriyama either did some great foreshadowing, or he went back and did study his own work to figure out the next story points. It's neither. It was just a random retcon to the story. He always wrote off the seat of his pants.
I'm not sure it can really be called a "fight" considering Gohan was out cold within seconds of Goku actually trying. The fact that he was worse than useless against Toppo despite us being clearly shown by both Goku and Vegeta that Blue is is equal or even marginally stronger gets conveniently ignored.
Thanks for the great reply. For point #2 I'll make a change and remove the "of the sun" for each of the ages and just leave them as "First Age" etc. &gt; The second, later definition begins with the Awakening of the Elves So it is supposed to begin midway through the Y.T.? I fully believe you so don't take this question the wrong way, but why would somewhere as reputable as Tolkien Gateway not categorise it this way?
I'm used to regular Huntsmen. Usually just catch them in a tupperware container and take them outside. But this thing was erratic as hell. It jumped about 2 feet in the air and was the most skittish thing I've ever seen. I ended up killing it by throwing a cushion at it from afar and smushing it because I couldn't get anywhere near it to either catch it or swat it.
&gt; which I guess is Super Saiyan Blue 2 It's not. It's far more impressive than merely SSJ2. It's 10x more of a buff than that. It's a limit-breaking form (yes I know all new forms are "limit breaking", but that's just the terminology they're going with). Edit: always amusing when simple facts get buried. Never seen a fanbase so willing to accept being wrong about everything.
This was really funny largely from their banter alone. Wasn't really a fan of the concept itself and hopefully they go back to something modded soon.
JJ got fired and has been bitter about it ever since. If you believe everything he says then I've got a bridge I'd like to sell you.
&gt; since everyone had issues removing the z sword Everyone else was too weak. There was nothing magical or mystical about it. Goku would have been able to pull it out with consummate ease at that point, and Vegeta too.
The screw attack guys who make it have a ridiculous hate boner for Dragon Ball. Every single time a DB character fights someone they would obviously destroy they fabricate nonsense to make it a rout in the other side.
I enjoyed it because I like the subgenre of single location movies. **But** there were so many plotholes it does hinder enjoyment a little, and the ending where he gets framed for it is just so unbelievable that I rolled my eyes and removed a whole star from my rating on Letterboxd.
You mean the most prominent feature on the entire plot? How about the Australian **floods** instead.
My sentiments exactly. Also as long as there's absolutely zero gameplay gated behind coop. Let people play with friends all they like, but don't punish people who just want to play a Zelda game as intended.
Correct me if I'm wrong here, but I don't think Tolkien created a language with the purpose of it filling a fantasy world. He created a language because he was a giant languages nerd, and then he wanted a world wherein that language would stem from which is where the fantasy world came from after the fact.
Literally 0%. Not even 0.001. As 0 as 0 gets.
10 hours old and 13000 comments so I'm sure no human will see this comment, but nonetheless: *** In **Dragon Ball** (**Z** for the anime fans) there is a bunch of time travel shenanigans. There's a "canon" (or at least generally accepted) explanation for how it works. But it's wrong and makes no sense. Allow me to explain: The "main" timeline has two people from the future show up. One to help, another to kill (Terminator anyone?). In DB time-travel creates entire timelines which weren't previously in existence, so our "main" timeline was actually created by people from the future. That's plothole enough but we can handwave that and get to the real deal. It gets complicated. Generally it's accepted that there are 4 timelines, as follows: T1 - Good guy goes back to T2 for help. Returns to T1 and takes care of his problems. Years later another baddie shows up, steals the time machine and goes back to T4 (because reasons?). T2 - Receive warning from T1. Live happily ever after. T3 - A new version of the good guy faces the same problems, goes back to T4 for help. Returns to T3, takes care of all his problems including second baddie. T4 - Our main timeline. Have to deal with the baddie from T1 but ultimately win. The plot hole is that there's no reason for T3 to exist. It just appears out of nowhere, for no reason. It's irreconcilable. DB isn't a bastion of great writing, but typically most things can be explained with sensible head-canon. This has no explanation. It's just a plot hole.
Why did you censor the porn? And who are these people using the vastly inferior xvideos over alternatives? That site feels about a decade out of date.
There's no reason *not* to watch GT (and I say this as someone who thinks it's atrocious). Form your own opinion about it. You'll likely join the overwhelming majority who find it terrible, but you may also find yourself part of the minority who love it.
It has always been my headcanon that Trunks' timeline plays out the same as ours with the original Androids being 19 and 20 and Trunks just not knowing the full truth. SSJ Vegeta saves the day. Gero awakens 17 and 18. They kill Gero and everyone else and are henceforth the only Androids that Trunks is aware of.
Tbh I'd prefer the one on the left. Inside there is discussion about the game. I couldn't care less about your fanart or toys or other "cool" things. I just want to talk about the games.
I couldn't give the first shit about the relationship stuff, but I listened for the banter and games they played. If the BOI stuff started dragging or if people got too preachy (Troy Baker every time) I'd just stop listening, but often there were good stories to be had from there.
You're seeing a biased dataset of exclusively failures. There are plenty of others who built a good rapport with their interviewers with jokes and got the job.
Because 25 deaths out of 38000 cases is nothing more than a lie. Especially considering 30000 of those came within the span of about 3 weeks. They may have a decent healthcare system, but not better than either Australia or NZ who each have fantastic and realistic death rates (1.4% each). Trying to boast a death rate of 0.06% is a laughable lie. Not to mention that comparatively (test to cases ratio) they have done the least tests and likely have *even more* unknown cases.
&gt; without retcons The entire "timeline" in the first place is a retcon. Some of the games clearly relate to one another directly. But the rest are tied together by nothing more than an ex post facto loose "canon". Nintendo couldn't care less. They don't design games to all fit together. They just design great games and then come up with some loose way to connect them after the fact. All this is to say. Who cares. Nintendo don't.
That's a rough looking 68. My mother is 64 and this looks like it could be her grandmother.
Cough. Thorough.
&gt; Didn't Australia used to be a prison You mean like America... &gt; so technically everyone's a prisoner Not even remotely how that works, even as a joke.
Did you even read your own link or just think it looks slightly relevant and try to drop it as a gotcha? It's literally not even remotely relevant. &gt; of course we don't have **pictures** of exoplanets &gt; don't have **PICTURES** &gt; #PICTURES Watching a star dim by a millionth of a lumen does not a picture make.
Nuclear alert sound at full volume. I actually set this as my alarm. For one day. It's such a violent sound (hence why it's used) that it scared the shit out of me and I never used it again. Bonus points for combining it with an invention a friend of mine used to have. The alarm clock would shoot off a little fan which would fly some random place in the room and the alarm wouldn't turn off until you found the piece and put it back. So that with the nuclear alarm sound.
[Is this really enough to take down a video for?](https://imgur.com/j91Zner)
As an adult with no children anywhere near their life I have zero fucking idea what any of this Baby Shark stuff is.
Can't breathe while permeable and all his clothes fall off.
Put it this way - I recently finished a re-read of Tolkien's work and I felt like I was slogging my way through LOTR just so that I could get to The Silmarillion.
Ever: The original Romero trilogy Now: TWD is an untouchable juggernaut. It spans graphic novels, actual novels, 10 seasons of TV (which at its peak boasts all-time TV records) with another decade planned, a spinoff TV show with 4 seasons and another spinoff on the way, a planned trilogy of films, multiple games including acclaimed Telltale ones. No other franchise comes even remotely close.
Just every single Hollywood movie ever. It's why I like horror, particularly the indie variety. They're not beholden to the "rules" of doing literally the exact same thing as every other movie ever made.
&gt; the world America. The world is fine with normal dicks.
Of course he's not.
Only facts. Though this is cute: &gt; I don't care about how much you love Microsoft. Given Apples fanboys are the ones known for their culty love of the company. Windows is a tool. Not a sports team. It's the better tool which is why it dominates Apple.
It's not King's ending. It's nothing more than a giant plot hole. King's version is just open ended. The world is fucked. There is no solution. So barring an ongoing "survive the apocalypse" series like TWD there was nothing else he could do with it.
Facedown sounds like a good way to lose your teeth. I guess the alternative is so you don't get blinded? Why not one arm under the back of your head and one arm over your eyes?
Then you should be eating the burger. The only thing that has any bearing on weight loss is calories. Calories in vs calories out. It's simple physics.
Happy to help! Best advice I can give with them is not to feel obliged to read every last thing. Sometimes stuff just may not interest you, don't burn yourself out on it when a different volume may contain other things that interest you a little more.
&gt; Sometimes the dumbest things are the most popular and most insightful comments are the least popular. Sadly it's a lot more common than "sometimes".
I can certainly understand where you're coming from, especially if the incomplete work was subsequently finished by Christopher from his own imagination - but that's not the case here. Nowhere does Christopher take up the mantle of "author" and continue the unfinished works of his father. Instead he publishes them as they are in their unfinished states and then provides some annotated discussion.
Happy to help! I just embarked on the same journey which is what led me to making this post. Because I wish I had it beforehand. On my re-read I read the final two Great Tales (B&amp;L and FoG) before I read Unfinished Tales and I regretted it. Then I had no real clue where to begin with HoME thereafter and those early volumes can be a tad brutal to get through.
Glad you like the list. Lays was a difficult one for me personally. I very much struggled with it because about 80% of my brainpower went towards trying to get the poetry to flow musically in my mind which meant that I wasn't concentrating on the actual stories themselves. I had to read most things 2-3x to get the gist of them. I think it just boils down to personal preference. If people enjoy the poetry in The Hobbit and LOTR then Lays may be something they would prefer to bump higher in the list.
&gt; Personally, I don’t think you should recommend someone just skip the Battle of Gods and Resurrection F arcs in the anime just because there are movies about them. I believe the anime has just enough extra flavor to warrant watching the arcs in addition to the movies. There are some things that they change and some things they explain that fill gaps that the movies leave out. Absolutely correct. Unfortunately far too many people have been steered to skipping the anime which has led to endless questions and misunderstanding about things that are explained in the anime.
Zero pity for him. He was just a villain with no redeeming qualities. So he's got daddy issues? Doesn't excuse him from going full blown incel and traitor. He sold out his entire race for a chance to be with his cousin. He tried to kill his infant cousin. He had 7 years of preparation for the time when he could forcibly take and enslave his cousin for his own purposes. That was all time that he could have owned up to what happened and redeemed himself, instead he was fully on board until the moment of his well deserved death. Nothing tragic about him, he's just a straight villain.
Exactly the same, though both Piccolo and Old Kai (arguably unreliable narrators) warn against beginning a fusion powered up because they fear they'll be unable to turn it off and will burn out their energy too quickly.
Your salient point is certainly true though. Goku virtually never wins the big fight, and even less frequently on his own with no help.
Yep you're right, I conflated things in my head and got it backwards.
/r/badgeography
Sounds fascinating. When you say that you're "leaving nothing out of the story" - are you refining it so that it's only the final "canon" version of the stories? Or are you doing the whole CJRT HoME approach with the iterations therein? &gt; from Ainulindale to The New Shadow &gt; I expect the final product will be in the 300,000-word range--about twice the length of Christopher's published Silmarillion I guess this means you're just leaving a footnote that effectively says "Read LOTR here" rather than having the narrative included in the master file? If you have a list of names that you're sharing it with I'd very much love to be included and get a look at it.
The original *published* version of The Hobbit (and we're not even talking a draft here) featured Gollum betting the ring against Bilbo in good faith. He was perfectly willing to give it as a reward for having lost the game. As it turned out, he had lost it and was unable to give it so he instead settled for showing Bilbo the way out. This got retconned - Lucas'd if you prefer - so that the book plays out as we all know it unless your copy of the book dates back to 1937.
The rest of the book played out the same as the modern canon version that we all know. Bilbo had still already found the ring beforehand and AFAIR his discussion about it afterwards remained the same too. The only difference was the Riddles in the Dark chapter where Gollum and the nature of the Ring were retconned to line-up with the role they play in LOTR. Gollum changed from an eccentric but pretty much good natured little cave-weirdo to a corrupted murderous cave-weirdo.
The power of Beerus and Whis is a big one. The foreshadowing to Ultra Instinct is another one. Those are pretty huge things and as I said people constantly make posts trying to point out the "plot hole" that Goku should have surpassed Beerus because "he was already 70% blah blah blah". There are other minor things that aren't necessarily retcons but just massive "value adds". Extra lore, better timing, that kind of thing. Frankly the only thing the movies have over the anime is the animation itself. If all you care about is pretty pictures then they're great. But if you like a cohesive and well told story then there's no substitution for the anime.
Thanks and it's awesome to see someone else taking a stab at it! Can't wait to see the final outcome so I hope you share it with the sub. Am I right to guess your username is about Narsil from LOTR? We share a big crossover there too.
[Here you go.](https://imgur.com/2CcIWIU) I made the globe bigger because I really wanted to try and make it an analogue of our own Earth so using the known scalebar for how far Nathan travels means the overall globe needs to be bigger than the original version I posted. This left a bunch of whitespace so I was able to add the labels and such and provide more info.
If he wrote it 40 years ago I'd be down. But he hasn't been a horror writer for the better part of 3 decades. Since he got clean he turned to thrillers and mysteries and almost nothing has enticed me. It's a shame because his old stuff is literal GOAT material.
That post was dumb. In *one* of the million movies that was introduced in passing. Never before, and never again after did it come up. It's frankly nothing more than fanfic from one of the million writers who've dipped their fingers into his story.
&gt; I think it's obvious that he would've succumbed to the Ring at least at Mount Doom There is quite literally nothing to suggest this. Olorin is the only Maia who remained true to his purpose and he never once wavered. Zero whatsoever to imply he'd fall at the final hurdle.
&gt; Sauron didn't really get destroyed I mean, he did, with no room for doubt. But I get that it's a "what if". &gt; Isengard is putting out more Uruk Hai than ever before How? Saruman is dead and Isengard is completely cleansed by Fangorn. &gt; Frodo exiles himself after trying to kill Frodo^1 ^1 Frodo is the name of Sam's first son. But also Frodo is in literal Heaven. He's sailed the straight path to Valinor. No going back. &gt; [Samwise] goes on to burn Hobbiton to the ground and kill all the children Samwise is the Mayor of Hobbiton for 55 years until the natural death of his wife, whereafter he sails to Valinor as the last ringbearer. *** There **actually is** a canon Tolkien sequel to LOTR. It's called The New Shadow. It's set 220 years after the end of LOTR. 100 years after the death of Aragorn. Tolkien abandoned it because in his mind it developed into revolutionary plots, religious cults, and was heading towards being a thriller. His quote is `"Not worth doing."` He basically invented Game of Thrones but poo-pooed the idea because he thought it was shit. *** Edit: Let me clarify here, I'm aware of the analogy you're trying to draw, but what I'm trying to convey here is that it's just not possible in Tolkien's world. It's too fleshed out and there's no room for what-ifs like this because unlike SW Tolkien crossed every T and dotted every I. It would require the breaking of canon because just adding new things and trying to make them fit simply doesn't work. Edit2: I remember why I left this sub years ago in favour of actual serious discussion subs. It's genuinely laughable to compare and then *defend* SW lore vs Tolkien lore.
He was a gem in every piece of content he ever participated in. People have just lost the ability to separate entertainment from real life. I don't like or condone any of the shit he's said, but I don't watch RT to deal with the gossip behind the scenes, I watch it to be entertained. And Joel was entertaining. If not for the side-effect of it all being plastered around here I wouldn't even know because I don't follow any of their socials.
Green Leaves Matter.
Things were going so well! I was on track to submit within 2.5 years. Then the curse of the third project struck. That put me back to 3.5 years for initial submission. Then I got a douchebag reviewer who didn't understand what he was reading and decided to take it out on me. The other two were happy with it, but appeasing him set me back another 18 months. So yeah by the time of my resubmission I genuinely hated it and would have genuinely abandoned my field if the right offer turned up elsewhere. Happy ending though, basically the dream job showed up and I got it.
&gt; I’m worried I’ll struggle too much with the language and won’t be able to finish it The "language" isn't an issue. It's the narrative structure that people sometimes have a problem with. You need to be aware that what you're about to read isn't a "novel". It's more like a collection of short stories which all feed into the next and overall tell one bigger story. &gt; I was wondering about reading two books at a time - one would be the Silmarillion and the other something else. This would mean it wouldn’t seem like so much of a big time commitment and I’m more likely to stick with it. Do you think that would help? This is the *absolute* **last** thing I would recommend. One of the things that people struggle with is the amount of names and places that are thrown around. The best advice is to find a high quality map of Beleriand (Google "Atlas of Middle Earth") and either print it or have it on your laptop while you're reading. That way you can follow where things are taking place. &gt; Also - should I reread LOTR before or after reading the Silmarillion? (I read LOTR last year). LOTR last, no question. After having read The Silmarillion you'll understand about 12 million references that would otherwise mean nothing to you. It's an amazing experience being able to actually follow them all. The Sil is Tolkien's best work, without doubt or question. *** Final note. It tells the story right from the divine creation of the universe through to the end of the First Age (and a little more). Some people get put off by the creation mythos. Personally I find it fascinating and don't understand how people can think that way. If you're one of the people who doesn't like it, just power through it, it's only like 40 pages, and then the Elves are introduced and the story follows them.
addition* to* Took a hot second to understand this.
Gandalf is 55000 years old. He's just been wearing a meat suit for the last 2000 in Middle Earth.
I'd switch WW with TP. Then MM with OOT. Then MM with ALBW. Everything else is good where it is.
The Atlas of Middle Earth is a fantastic resource and should be in everyone's collection. But you can find the maps you need on Google images as companions while you're reading. Also it's really not a good book to listen to. Especially when on the road. It needs a lot of attention and it's no mistake that family trees are included in the print copy. You're really supposed to be looking at maps and family trees as you read so you can keep things in line.
They've already read LOTR, this is a re read, so they're not new to the world.
I know it's absolutely not a case for all women, but unfortunately for me I haven't managed to find a normal one yet. Every girl I've dated (and I'm 30) has had this particular screw loose.
I like Dragon Ball. Insofar as there's no such distinction as "DBZ" because Dragon Ball spans from childhood through to the introduction of Uub. That said, I prefer the childhood era to what is commonly associated as the "DBZ" era. But this has nothing to do with a dislike for Saiyans. I love Saiyans. It's just because the story and pacing was better in the beginning.
Yeah this was a weird one. Gavin's feed seemed particularly neglected. There was one race that he won quietly and we wouldn't have even known until we followed 4th place over the line for no particular reason.
https://www.removeddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/ha56ox/as_a_black_man_i_feel_like_black_lives_matter_are/ Easier way to see it and see exactly what has been removed by mods vs by users.
Mostly Kai. Like 99%. But that last 1% the original outshines it. These are the ultra-hype moments. Like the scene where Goku and Vegeta are fleeing Kid Buu as Earth is destroyed. Compare the music between the two and the original is way better. But as I said, the other 99% of the time Kai is better because it's more fitting and the original is just incessant clamouring noise.
I'm so conflicted about how I feel about this chapter. Don't get me wrong it was awesome. I love that literally not a single person came close to guessing Vegeta's power, and I can't say I've seen a single person guess that Moro would "fuse" with 7-3. But by the same merit I'm a little disappointed that Vegeta's power is basically targeted at Moro. He's grown much stronger too, stronger even than Goku in Omen, but he's still likely no match for full UI Goku. Plus this places a weird disconnect between them. Both of them in Blue means Goku is weirdly way weaker, but then Goku can leapfrog him still with UI. It's a strange dynamic. And even though literally everyone knew that Vegeta would lose, I still can't help but be bummed about it. I hope that the surprises and fresh content so far continues and the arc doesn't just end with UI Goku saving the day, or some lame fusion, or even lamer divine intervention.
No thanks. NZ is amazing and will always be my skiing destination of choice, but I wouldn't want to live there permanently anymore than I'd want to live in Tasmania. There's a reason like 1/4 of your population live in Australia. Might as well just make it official and become our Eastern Islands.
Not until scientists invent magic. That is to say: no, not possible now or ever. They break the laws of physics.
Couldn't agree more. It's an incredibly basic film but since it got mainstream marketing and acclaim it drew in a whole new demographic of fans. To them it's the greatest thing ever and they think Aster is some kind of horror GOAT.
Watch the Tolkien edit. Removes 2/3 of the trilogy and turns it into a single 4 hour film that's as canon to the book as possible. Still pales to the LOTR adaption, but that's what you get when you use atrocious CGI rather than practical effects.
Watch Dragon Ball. Goku already does it as a 12 year old child.
Yep Into The Dark. They were on a long run of crap but thankfully this one broke the streak.
Yeah I was very perplexed to see it had a rating of like 3.9 or something in Letterboxd. I thought it was dull and can't really fathom how it's so well liked.
The little prologue it had was so promising. Then the "acting" started.
As others have already said. Though if you're curious about a ballpark multiplier for Blue it can be inferred as follows: * SSJ = 50x * SSJ2 = 2x = 100x total * SSJ3 = 3x = 400x total * Fusion = "tens of times stronger than combined power" = ~100x (on top of SSJ3 as seen by Vegito vs Buu) = 40,000x total * SSJG = "far stronger than Vegito circa Buu" and got stronger still as it was harnessed = 50x (at least) = 2,000,000x total * SSJB = 50x = 100,000,000x total Then when you add the KK on top it becomes 2,000,000,000x total. They have more **multipliers** to their base form than they had raw power level circa Frieza. And their base power is stronger than any character circa Frieza too. If you wanted to throw a silly number at it you'd end up with something like: 150,000,000 x 2,000,000,000 = 300,000,000,000,000,000. Somewhere in the quadrillions and that doesn't even count whatever UI gives which would bump it into the quintillions. *** ^(Yes PL's are silly and no I don't take this seriously. Just a bit of fun back of the envelope calculation to show how far power has crept)
That would be an effective means of suicide I suppose. My nose is almost permanently blocked, the mouth breathing is a response to my desire to remain among the living. 99% of antihistamines are a joke and don't work, and the remaining 1% are habit forming so I prefer not to use them.
Anything with pseudoephedrine in it. Shame it's the only stuff on the market that works.
I don't mind the companions. It's just the story that's garbage.
Midnight is the best episode. Plebs on IMDB only have it scored as 9.1 though.
Which ones? I cannot think of a single must-watch episode from these seasons.
Fried but runny. Om nom. Crack them and spread the yolk over the white. Otherwise the white is gross/bland.
Blue Evo is his response to Goku's Blue KK, not UI. It may *lead to* a means for him to rival UI. When the anime comes back and adapts Moro he'll probably get a visually updated Blue Evo after his Yardrat training to signify that it's UIO level. It can basically be his version of "Ultimate" insofar as he just keeps getting stronger without any further transformations as such.
It won't be back any sooner than early next year because that's when its slot next opens again. If it doesn't get that spot then add another 6-12 months, rinse and repeat. If it were to take back its slot next year which I'm hoping for then we'll get ~100 episodes out of the manga before the anime overtakes it, in which case it'll either have to go on another hiatus or just go ahead on its own again like the original run.
Have you read the books? The Nazgul are a lot more competent than the stooges the movies make them seem to be. And they have thousands of years of history too.
This kind of justification has always been silly and never made sense. Neither the XBox 360 nor XBox One sound like new versions of **XBox**. No more than WiiU sounds to Wii. But people have this narrative that Nintendo name bad. Others name good.
You should be aware that: &gt; how good future saga was until he fuck up the ending or the whole tournament of power **Akira Toriyama** wrote both of those stories. Toyo is just the artist adapting Toriyama's work.
Omnipotent isn't all knowing. That's omniscient.
Yes, fanning of flames always makes things better.
In terms of the main quest alone you shouldn't really need a walkthrough. The game tells you exactly where to go and what to do at almost all times. It's just the obscure hidden secrets that need a bit of extra help. As far as dungeons go it's nothing more than being meticulous. They are all linear experiences just masquerading as complex. Find where you haven't been, find how to pass the puzzle, progress. Basically just pay attention to the dialogue. There's genuinely never a single time where you don't have an objective. Somewhere to go, something to find, someone to help.
You have to wait for them to charge 3 times since the parry only deals 500 damage. By the time that's happened you could kill 2 other Guardians. Feels more badass to just 1v1 h2h than standing back and parrying.
That would be the smart thing to do. Would fit really well right around chapter 60.
Not so much a minor character as a (kinda) minor subplot story. I want to know what's going on with the Avari out east during LOTR.
Galadriel was born in the (sun) year 2989 of the F.A. F.A. lasted for 4902 sun years. So 1913. S.A. lasted 3441 years. So 5354. T.A. lasted 3021 years. So 8375. *** So yep your calculations are correct.
Thunderblight is the only one that's difficult at all. The rest are like 2's and he's like an 8.
Heh. You used Lovren and defence in the same sentence. That doesn't happen often.
How American is the average Redditor? I'll answer that. About 50%. Hint: America isn't as important as they think they are to the rest of the world. American history isn't par for the course.
I miss video game rental so much. It's just not a thing anymore (in my country).
They're both blank slates who haven't done anything (canon) yet. If we're talking fanfics then I prefer Bra from Multiverse to Pan from GT.
Zeno would like a word.
3rd as a whole was terrible. But it's not like the first two were perfect either. There were segments in both that were quite bad. They were just redeemed by others that were really good.
Stephen King's Cell has supernatural zombies.
They'll never have another serious fight. If they did then it's got to be right about now, because it won't take Goku too long to surpass him and leave him behind. Contrary to popular misunderstanding even full UI Goku isn't stronger than him - but he's definitely getting into the right range for it. Just a couple more arcs and he'll probably leave him behind.
2 really. If Liverpool got one more and then lost the remaining 6 then their GD would drop below City who would be winning their final 8.
&gt; how anyone can say that TAA isn’t the best rb in the world at this point Because he's not. Enough with the woeful cherry picking of words and strawman arguments. As I have already said, I am also a Liverpool fan*. I'm just capable of forming non-biased observations.
&gt; Troubling She and Miles had an adult, consenting, perfectly on-the-level friendship that turned (cyber)sexual. Miles never did anything to hurt her either during or after, yet she's making it seem like he's a predator. Based solely on the evidence at hand this is just straight up slander.
&gt; It’s amazing how [insert literally any fucking topic] has become a fucking political issue [**in America**] Seriously, looking in from outside it's astounding how contrarian and conspiratorial half your population are. It's straight up absurd.
What do you think Yemma is going to do? Send back Raditz to help? There is nobody there *at all*, let alone within a trillionth of a percent of the skill/power of Goku and Vegeta. *** And the gods have already interfered with Merus' actions, including bringing Dai Kaio back. Supreme Kai is useless and Beerus just coming to hakai is boring and renders the entire arc pointless. I really don't get the point of this post...
Frieza by far. I hesitate to include the early part which is typically called the "Namek Saga" by western fans, because that game of cat and mouse over the Dragon Balls was genuinely fantastic and the best part of the whole Z era. But as soon as the fight/s with Frieza began it just dragged on for infinitely too long. 31 episodes total with filler, and 18 episodes **without** filler. Too damn long.
Literally not one single thing you just said is a plot hole. Not one. Hence my now even more accurate statement in my previous comment. *** Edit: Sigh, here we go... &gt; if there's more intense training on Yardrat why wouldn't Goku or others return for it when he had to prepare for new powerful enemies...say a 3 year span of training. Why would it take so LONG before Vegeta decides to do so. Not remotely a plot hole. Right off the bat it seems like you don't understand the meaning of the term. Not to mention the whole purpose of the training for Moro being literally tailored to counter Moro rather than being useful for any random foe. &gt; Why would one year of training in the hyperbolic time chamber be significantly more effective than 3 years of straight training without it? Because of the increased gravity and harsh environments in there... &gt; How come Trunks/Goten go SSJ so easily when Goku/Vegeta severely struggled to reach it? Natural ability? If so how come that's where they plateau? Can't be due to being half saiyan or Gohan would have went SSJ at their age. Literally explained that they're prodigies. Whether you want to call that cheap writing is one thing, but a plot hole it ain't. &gt; How can Bardock breathe in space? He can't. Just like Goku can't. Luckily neither of them have ever had to breathe in space. Because atmospheres are a thing. &gt; Why do saiyans randomly stop growing tails? Literally explained. Once they pass a certain power then Oozaru is no longer worthwhile and their bodies no longer regrow. &gt; The whole Trunks time travel during Android Saga is very convoluted. As I mentioned in my own comment - this is the only actual plot hole in the series. &gt; Goku/Vegeta grow beards? Of course they can... Which just goes to show you misunderstood the whole hair growth thing. &gt; If the earrings permanently fuse just two kais together...why is Old Kai still fused with a non-Kai? They permanently fuse any being with a Kai. If only this were literally explained already. &gt; The moon being destroyed is just ugh Wished back once and remade by Kami the other time. &gt; everybody forgets about Goku winning the world tournament and being a runner up 2 times before that? The WMAT wasn't a global event, it wasn't even televised. The only people who witnessed it were the 100 or so people watching ringside. Plus the announcer literally remembers him. &gt; They also forget Piccolo (whom they should remember due to his image) Again he's recognised by the announcer. And if you're talking about the King Piccolo tv broadcasts then that was like 25 years earlier and Junior isn't a mirror image of Daimao. &gt; as well as Tien, Yamcha, and Krillin See above for the WMAT. Also the announcer recognised Krillin. Again. &gt; To piggy back on this everyone believes Hercule that the powers are all tricks...but they've been watching them for decades by that point? When being wished backed to life some come back where they died...others are stuck with King Kai? They go back to where their bodies were. You're presumably talking about after Frieza. All it takes is to assume they headed back to the check-in station before being wished back. Do you really need to be shown that? *** So again. Not a single thing (aside from the one I already mentioned) is a plot hole here.
You can play GameCube games on the Wii!
There are 4 timelines. T1: Androids kill everyone. Trunks goes back to T2. Gets given deactivation button. Kills androids. Cell wakes up, kills trunks, goes back to T4 (plot hole). T2: Get warning from Trunks, live happily ever after. T3: Our Trunks' timeline. Androids kill everyone. Trunks goes back to T4. The rest is history. T4: Our timeline. The largest plot hole is that absolutely nothing creates T3. There's no reason for it to exist.
&gt; in timeline one cell kills trunks and then goes into the past which in turn makes trunks stronger then before so when he returns to the future he can handle cell easier This is all true, though we're still left with no cause for that Trunks to exist in the first place. The true original timeline is Cells. All others, T2, T3, and our T4 are all created by mortals messing with time travel. The creation of T2 and T4 are accounted for (Trunks Prime and Cell Prime) but nobody ever travelled back into T3 and therefore it was never created. There should be no such character as (our) Future Trunks. *** The only way I've ever been able to crudely head-canon it is that by coming back to T4 Cell actually simultaneously created *two* timelines, both T3 and T4. And the head-canon for this is that since he now existed as part of a linked timeline (T1 with T2) then any new timeline he goes to (T4) must also be a linked timeline (effectively creating T3). It's ugly, and it's never explained anywhere because frankly it's a plot hole, but that's the only way I can find to resolve it.
They both openly talk about having crushes on the other...
Have you seen the first and second V/H/S anthologies? It gets hate because it was terrible in comparison to the standards they set.
Weren't confident hedging with a 30 point deduction? Gap's 24 now, soon to be 27 with 6 games remaining.
[Here you go.](https://www.reddit.com/r/tolkienfans/comments/h86fdl/recommended_reading_order_several_approaches/)
TP combat is unrivalled in the entire rest of the franchise. Nothing comes close.
How about just staying home anyway considering the fucking pandemic. How stupid are people for fucks sake. This situation has really brought to light how many moronic people live amongst us.
&gt; COVID 6 Months: **Including mass lockdown**. This is the thing the idiots don't factor in. If not for the lockdowns the death rate would be 10x higher because the hospitals would have been completely overwhelmed. That still may be the case if the current trend of infections continues.
For me it was a good film that wrapped up the trilogy with T1 and T2. I'm surprised people hate it so much.
&gt; We're thinking about removing that now Please do.
He'll just follow the same arc as Kale. He'll go berserk again and Cheelai will calm him down, allowing him to use the controlled power, just like Kale.
Yep spot on. It's a hard counter to Moro coupled with Vegeta just being super impressive.
&gt; good ideas and poor execution" See I don't even get this. The BSDB arc isn't a great, or even good idea. It's just a plot hole trying to copy an old idea and failing terribly. The Baby arc isn't much better. Baby as a character is just Buu with Garlic Jrs power added in. Couldn't be less original if it tried. And SSJ4 *conceptually* is a good idea, but the design is woeful (despite people holding nostalgia for it). Super 17 is just more terrible ideas built on plot holes and copying things that already happened. And the Shadow Dragons again are just built on the back of plot holes. This one out of everything is probably closest to the "good idea bad execution" tagline. The "good" part is having multiple villains attacking all around the planet at once. The "terrible" part is everything else.
&gt; can someone tell me where Melkor first comes into the story Page 2. &gt; Maybe what I need then is probably just an explanation of Melkor’s “turn” or descent into evil for lack of a better word Page 2.
Either this is sarcasm I'm missing, or you've completely whiffed on the results.
Another way to view this perspective is that you once thought LOTR was as good as things could get, but The Silmarillion makes you realise that there is something a hundred times better and you just weren't aware of it. So think of it in this connotation. You get the pleasure of experiencing something better than LOTR.
The infinitely spawning irritants are the worst part about deserts. But otherwise I don't mind them.
I would go out of my way to watch an Aja film over every single one of those directors. Flanagan second.
What is the phonetic pronunciation for that? I've never really gotten into correct pronunciations and just read things as they make sense to my English speaking brain. To me that is Ay-Noo-Lin-Dayle. I assume the E at the end has an accent I'm missing from mine, anything else?
Out of the loop person who completely ignores all politics on Reddit - what made them move, where did they go, and what got them banned this time around?
