**ARBEIT MACHT FREI**
It's a grey area.
There is a stall door, but the gaps are huge. So American.
A Trump never pays his debts.
Woof!
Dude that's a hoover.
Any paint nerds know what the colour is?
Take a look at the reviews for the Amazon app on Google Play if you want to see some appallingly bad Mechanical Turk astroturfing. So blatant it should be embarrassing to their developers.
Stop giving him an out. He **wants** to end up in a "hospital" / "home" with his name over the door. He belongs in fucking **jail**.
The American Way
Wishful thinking. It won't be that easy.
Ditto. Their water bottles are pretty good too, if you get the right ones. Customer support is a medium for now, one bad experience (no response), one good (free replacements).
That's the hell. Fucking site is littered with reposts and bots at the moment, very close to leaving.
Prove it.
It's always Assange's fault.
Mom?
Exactly
Healthcare drone feeling guilty for being a shitty person.
Article dated 23rd. Bot or moron?
Wait wait wait wait wait.... if it's Segway, shouldn't they be doing a **trials** bike? Like, hello, **balance**?
That's **Prime Minister** Dominic Cummings to you.
An African Vegan Swallow, or a European Vegan Swallow?
I would've said Benz. I've never seen someone credit Daimler before, tbh. Plus of course there were cars before both of them, they just had different power sources. But yes, it's infuriating that Americans think it was Ford. Of course, most of them still think Columbus discovered America....
Because he was driving a Merc?
I am in the minority on reddit. I hate memes and cat videos.
Everyone should be taught manners. Send an email to all users telling them that Jellyfin has added autoboot functionality that will delete all users that download content without permission, and you're enabling it today. Then when you do boot him, it won't be you, it'll be jellyfin.
That's what Dave Lanternhead says anyway.
I'm praying for Bernie, and I'm neither religious nor an American.
Yes, but "lose". :)
I recently went through all of the Pods-like frameworks as it had been a while since I reviewed the space, and decided on Meta Box as I like the setup. However Pods was a very close second, and I'll be making a donation in the hope it'll help them continue. Also, I realise Automattic has their priorities, but fuck them for pulling **all** of the funding. I like Matt and his company a little bit less every year. Sorry, but true.
McConnell is the arse boil.
Like cheese and biscuits?
It screams bullshit.
1. Don't reply or engage in any way.
Ireland here, OP is correct. Our nursing unions keep track of people on trolleys, including "leaderboards" of hospitals, and [the media reports them](https://www.todayfm.com/news/record-high-number-people-trolleys-cork-university-hospital-today-944687). (Cork University Hospital **always** tops the charts, yay us!) There are **never** not people on trolleys. The biggest problem is indeed our aging population, because a lot of elderly people simply have nowhere to go after they're treated, so they sit in hospital beds. People with mental health problems have the same problem. There are plenty of other problems though, including too many managers, and lack of education on how to engage with services. The only thing I'm not sure about is the cost, I don't believe we pay less than the UK. We pay for A&amp;E if we're not referred by a GP (see education), and we pay to visit our GPs (I don't think the UK does?).
In a lot of cases these days, the corporations actually write the laws themselves, and the politicians "sponsor" them. As many people have said before, politicians should have to "wear" their corporate sponsors logos. On their websites, their literature, etc.
DuckDuckGo it. ;)
You're not allowed to shop around in Ireland, it's area based. Of course if you get yourself to A&amp;E they won't refuse you, but that's not the major problem.
Jesus, that looks like a render, I'll be reading about that later! Would you like me to add you as a mod btw?
Proper brutal, I love it.
I donate annually around this time, thanks for the reminder.
&gt; An explosive leak of tens of thousands of documents from the defunct data firm Cambridge Analytica is set to expose the inner workings of the company that collapsed after the Observer revealed it had misappropriated 87 million Facebook profiles. Defunct my hole. They just [Blackwatered](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Academi?wprov=sfla1) and started afresh. They probably owe people money too.
Not sure I'd be comfortable standing under those things in Uzbekistan.
If you want to protect your media folders, do it at the OS level, it's safer. (Not a reflection on JF, but bugs happen.) JF runs fine with read-only access, I run it in an Ubuntu Hyper-V VPS with read-only SMB mounts from the Windows host, no problems.
Ireland here, not sure if it's the same in the US but I'm guessing it's the same everywhere: **Because of lowballng assholes.** If your car is worth 5k and you list at 5k, you'll get a ton of people offering 3k, wasting your time. If you list at 6k and slowly bring the price down, the lowballers are more likely to offer closer to value. Plus you get the occasional person that values a minded car and will pay over the odds. Of course you need to be patient with this strategy, but that's why I list high anyway.
Build one from scratch. I extract my own oil by compressing dinosaurs and refining in the spare bathroom.
That's their lookout. OP is just farming for karma.
Honestly, I have no idea how democratic Uzbekistan is, I saw a massive building and assumed it was one of the -stans with a nutter in charge. So yes, probably a bit racist but not intentionally so. I'm educating myself on Wikipedia now. EDIT: Nope, authoritarian dictatorship until just a few years ago, effective president for life, now dead at least. I'm shocked I tell ya, shocked.
I can't find decent info on it on mobile, was it built during Soviet times or is it more recent? It looks great if it's from the 80s or earlier.
That would be orange.
Democratic socialism isn't far-left. Educate yourself.
Bollocks. His motivation is distraction. Full stop. End of story.
OP's bots, probably.
Face it, you don't know what "far-left" means; your use of the word "leftist" gives you away. Now fuck off and stop wasting my time.
"Credulous tourists enter here."
^ Please don't feed this troll. ^
More than 45% of Americans believe in ghosts (the cretins), I'm not fishing for upvotes. Do you want a medal for finishing a whole sentence or something?
Some of them are left where they are. The British Channel Tunnel TBMs are still under the sea, driven off downwards and buried. They're used as an electrical earth for the tunnels. The French ones finished their journey though. :)
Splashy splashy, motherfucker.
Ask a Mortician Baker
I've invited you as a mod now.
It's disingenuous to call it Bernie's, it was originally sponsored by Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Senator Ed Markey. Credit where credit is due.
I'm not sure what you mean by "relaunch the site", but Plesk has [Watchdog](https://docs.plesk.com/en-US/onyx/administrator-guide/server-administration/watchdog-system-monitoring-component.70443/) to monitor and if necessary restart services.
Might be a Linux-only thing then.
You're 100% correct. It was driven **entirely** by the motor industry in Ireland.
It was driven entirely by the motor industry. Not a conspiracy, but it was dealers and importers pushing for it, not government.
And where did you pull 1954 from?
Choo choo motherfucker.
Gudge. Another name for chester or gur cake.
I stopped at L. L is Langer. No exceptions.
It's under Playback in the user profiles.
England is not Britain.
2 **days** ago.
Why can't you read Pelosi's explanation why she won't send the articles? Because Fox News didn't cover it?
You think people that stage this shite can't throw bottles? This is staged as fuck for views.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paternoster
Are you sure?
I'm copying and pasting this from lower down the thread, because it's worth noting that Amazon plays the same games themselves on other platforms: The Amazon Shopping app on Google Play is littered with fake reviews, which became glaringly obvious when they switched the filtering system to the web-based system and the app pretty much became useless overnight. Yet there's a fuck-ton of loony- positive no-detail single-word/sentence 5 star reviews on the app. Yes, this means Amazon is paying shills to bump up their review score on Google Play. They're probably using their own Mechanical Turk to do so. Amazon doesn't give a fuck about anything but turnover, they're fucking their customers just like they're fucking their employees. Don't take my word for it, go look at the reviews. It's blatant.
Copying this from my comment over there: The Amazon Shopping app on Google Play is littered with fake reviews, which became glaringly obvious when they switched the filtering system to the web-based system and the app pretty much became useless overnight. Yet there's a fuck-ton of loony- positive no-detail single-word/sentence 5 star reviews on the app. Yes, this means Amazon is paying shills to bump up their review score on Google Play. They're probably using their own Mechanical Turk to do so. Amazon doesn't give a fuck about anything but turnover, they're fucking their customers just like they're fucking their employees. Don't take my word for it, go look at the reviews. It's blatant.
That's rediculous.
This is a disingenuous argument, and you know it is.
A lot of LGBTQ activists drive me spare, the type that would accuse me of being homophobic because of this comment. Social media is the problem though, it amplifies the most vocal, rather than the most knowledgeable.
I was a bit worried it was someone given a go off it and they'd wrap it around a tree or worse. But the spin at the gate though... he's done that a few times before.
I think the point is that it should be in both locations, or there should just be one.
Excellent article, thanks.
This. He's lying.
Pipe history into grep, less or vim. **$ history | less**
Not OP, how do you know if a video is transcoding? In Plex on the Shield it appeared on the top left of the screen.
It reminds me of your mum too.
I have **A Christmassy Ted** if you'd like to add it to your collection, can PM a share.
Thanks, but remote desktop != SSH, and Guacamole isn't a client.
To be clear, I'm looking for a **client**, with multiple host capability, not session sharing and definitely not remote desktop. Please have a look at the client I linked to understand the requirements. In hindsight, I might be better asking in a sysadmin sub.
How long ago was he impeached now?
Irish
It is, but it's not a client, it's a remote access solution. I'm looking for a client that can connect to multiple hosts, as per the example given in my request.
It does, but it's not a client, it's a remote access solution. I'm looking for a client that can connect to multiple hosts, as per the example given in my request.
Proper Irish people couldn't give a toss what you put in your breakfast. It's just breakfast.
Heh, I had this guy tagged as "asshole" already. Can't even remember why.
Ownership
Beans cause wind. The nationality of the beans is not relevant to the equation.
I've believed that since before Trump was president.
I realise you already have a store, but if you're not tied to that, Wordpress with Woocommerce has everything you need. Woo does digital products natively, but I'm not sure about implementation for downloads, it's been a while since I looked at it. However there are plenty of plugins that definitely do it, and some have been around a good while. I think I've seen "Easy Digital Downloads" mentioned a few times, but that may be commercial.
I cut my finger watching this.
It's comical that the good guys in this story are mostly crooks.
The press have plenty of questions they should have been asking all along, but don't for fear of losing their place. If they had asked hard questions from the start, Trump would probably be gone by now. The press are part of the problem.
And crooks. Don't forget the crooks.
You wish.
Can't argue with you there. I'm 5000 kilometers across the water and I'm wishing the same. We're all affected by it.
You should hate yourself for writing that nonsense for a start.
Corporations are not the exclusive buyers of businesses.
"I'm sorry if you were offended" is not an apology.
You realise not every company is greedy, right?
Those eggs look terrible.
Presumably those aren't operating in private mode already. And Pocket isn't malware; it should be opt-in and I dislike it personally, but there's no need to be disingenuous about it.
What platform automatically creates files after they've been deleted? I've run many over the years, and the only time I've seen that is on web hosting controls panels, and only when the domain is reconfigured. Also, different platforms use different DOCUMENT_ROOT folder names, "html" is definitely not a given.
Tell the client they need to upgrade to a separate VPS or server.
Boo!
I don't know why you're being downvoted. It's like people don't even know Insta is owned by Facebook.
Fudge monkey.
Stop milking it.
Also straws, you can really hold on to those new reusable straws. They're very clutchable.
The Plex data folder, probably.
73 year old man never taught "sticks and stones".
I've been considering setting one up exclusively for Irish content. I'm not keen on Mega or HTTP sharing in general, much prefer torrents. I have plenty of linux experience and resource availability, but no experience running a tracker or even creating torrents. Has anyone any tips or pointers to get me started?
If they're separate clients, as soon as they start impacting other customers, it's time to start separating them. Managing a VPS is way easier than load balancing. If the customer isn't willing to upgrade, isolate them on the server so they don't affect other customers, and limit their resource usage. They'll soon change their mind when their site has problems. Just be sure to stay in touch with them or they'll just move because "service bad". Customers can be idiots.
Ireland here, three babies. Paid for parking. Annoyed about that. Taxation for health **works**. It has faults but it works. End of story.
KY
This looks great, I run a similar setup with ISPConfig and a bookmarklet that uses a PHP / jQuery script, but it annoys me because it's a terrible hack job. :) [Is this you on Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/simplelogin)?
Which is just as bad, because we can't escape Facebook-owned WhatsApp. In Ireland, all of the sports and social groups, even the school parent groups, are on WhatsApp. There's simply no alternative. It's crazy that Facebook has that lockin.
Exactly my thought.
Depends which team you mean, wink wink.
Thanks. Is it a monolithic container or does it need to be linked with others? My test server runs on Plesk, it doesn't like linking. :)
Thanks again. Then my first request is for a monolithic container :) is that something you would consider? I honestly don't have time to set something up right now, but I will try it in a week or two.
It's much better since yuzu added a responsive theme. Long overdue.
I have S20, having trouble finding older seasons in HD.
I was really just talking about testing, a lot of projects create a monolithic testing container, not designed for production. I'd love to test it and feed back on it, but I just don't have time to be arsing about at the moment, sorry. :) Thanks anyway.
I think you're stepping outside the bounds of WordPress there. You can definitely stream of course, I run [this radio website](https://beat102103.com/) and they stream live, and of course you could use a membership plugin to allow access to a page with a stream embedded, but that won't prevent access to the stream from anyone with a clue.
I've a few tabs open for research, hopefully I'll get back to them before Armageddon. :)
Alluded
Yummy
You alluded it excellently.
Thanks. I've found most of season 19 on YouTube, I'll work back from there. I'll make some season torrents when I'm done. Any tips? Total newbie, but loads of servers available. :)
Conservatives never admit failure or defeat.
I don't know anything about it, it was just an example.
Fair point, I'll have a look when I get stuck.
Nice
Please search before posting, this is just a few posts down. https://www.reddit.com/r/UnresolvedMysteries/comments/er6dqw/major_development_in_kristin_smart_case/
One does not preclude the other!
Grand job. They don't come as an option anyway, but they have plenty of PCI slots so I can always add one later.
r/worstof That post is a pile of horseshit.
Server comes with system-resolvd. It causes problems with any service that goes remotely near DNS. I tried using Livepatch a while back and quickly backed up when I found out was snap based. Not a fan.
Don't forget their sponsors, Putin and Xi Jinping.
r/selfhosted as much you can is the best you can do.
It might support it, but it definitely isn't for some files. I just found an ffmpeg-transcode in my logs from earlier, for example: MKV, H264 MP4 AVC, A52 / AC3. I think the problem may be caused by audio, although I've no idea how to debug. However when I set audio to direct play, I don't get audio. I have to downmix to stereo.
Thanks. I was able to test with a bit of hacking about. I like it, but it's not ideal for my needs, I couldn't find a way of reconfiguring the Firefox plugin for the self-hosted app, for example. I set up a test account on your own service and played around with it a bit, and while I think it could use some finesse, it's seriously promising and I'll definitely test it again in a few months time. Good luck with the project.
Wordpress hosting is web hosting with wordpress preinstalled. Some hosts claim that the hosting is tuned for wordpress, but take that with a pinch of salt. Make sure updates are included with the hosting package, otherwise you're wasting your money. Wordpress is not difficult to install.
I use Jameson personally.
You should put your email on an EIG host, complete the set of shitty services. ;)
https://web.archive.org/web/20110501102627/https://wordpress.org/about/domains/
You need a few MARQUEEs and a bit of background music to really kick it though. And some pink. And some Comic Sans. Go full Geocities.
Technically, yes; practically, they won't. That's assuming the MX actually points to them.
[Sven's Pens](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/31Ry7adKOdL._AC_SY400_.jpg)
How does this solve the problem posed in the post? There's more to posts than just titles.
Donald Trump is the President.
None of them have cop motors though.
Thanks u/TrafficConesUpMyAnus
The front fell off for a start.
**2016: There is no world in which Donald Trump will win the Presidency.** I have no confidence in anything that happens in America any more.
Referring to your original post: put a sign on door 2 with an arrow pointing to the correct door!
Why didn't anybody tell me the Zucker brothers were making a crossover between [Idiocracy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Idiocracy?wprov=sfla1) and [Mafia!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mafia%21?wprov=sfla1)? It's hilarious!
+1 for PHPServerMonitor. I'll be having a crack off StatPing later thought, like the idea of an app.
It's called "80 dollars, fuck that".
FECKIN FRILLY KNICKERS!
Careful now, Lev's lawyer will release a video of Donny giving John a back massage. Picture that in your head now for a minute. Imagine the bristling moustache, the smiling orange face, the oil, the eroticism. (Convenience bags are available in the seat pocket in front of you.)
Charity collector.
Amazon don't pay city [rates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rates_%28tax%29?wprov=sfla1). And there are no grants and allowances to cover rates that I'm aware of.
I'm not arguing for high street shopping, not a fan myself, just that Amazon is not as simple as you make out. And it gets worse by the week. Also, you're excluding leisure shopping, some people just like the experience of shopping. I don't, but plenty do.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Street_fundraising#Criticism
&gt; Indeed they don't but because of the size of your typical Amazon RDC compared to that of a High St store they pay much more. You are comparing small businesses to corporate behemoths. One of these things is not like the other. &gt; Here you go. Have a look at that list there. High Street shops do not have £15k/year rates. They have £15k/month rates. I think you need consider "scale" in your equations.
It's a pity they don't add many hidden things any more, or silly tasks for just one person. It takes away from the fun a little imho.
FYI, this is actually S13E078.
It really isn't.
She really is.
Apparently the gen10s are shite. I looked into them recently and everyone recommended a used gen8 over a 10. Had a 54L myself a few years ago, disks hanging out everywhere, it was great.
You were downvoted because it was a shit comment, not because you didn't label it.
You could've stopped at shit. Bolton's always been a fucking turd, a warmonger of the highest order.
All of which assumes as a given that home ownership is better than renting, which many economists would dispute.
ESC
Go human, return a Smurf.
S'blue, innit.
Ugly bastard.
Sounds like a a Sean Lock bit on Cats Does Countdown.
Excellent. Any chance you could add the constituencies?
What you've done is perfect, thanks very much. I was going to offer to help with hosting, but I don't allow access to Python on my servers. Happy to provide a domain for the project if you think it would add something though.
Toilet paper.
You really don't want to unify with England right now. Why do you think Scotland and Northern Ireland want to do the opposite?
So it's "not hard" because you did it professionally?
Make them cookie-based for guests? Or are they not CSS-based? If not, perhaps add a dark-mode stylesheet?
To be fair, Trump makes Boris look smart. But Boris isn't smart, people just think playing up the bumbling makes him look smart. He's a one trick pony. Cummings is the brains behind Boris. And he's a fucking moron too. It's morons all the way down.
God, you guys are so transparent!
It was a joke in response to a joke. But in response to your other comment: a) nothing is actually agreed, and b) Northern Ireland agreeing is very, very different to England agreeing. It will not end well. Source: Irishman. Real one. In Ireland.
Boris Johnson is thick as pigshit. To say otherwise is parroting the party line and demonstrating immense gullabillity.
He failed upwards with the help of other people, and with the gullibility of voters. No-one said he did it on his own. Boris Johnson is a one-trick dipshit. Stop giving him credit he doesn't deserve and didn't earn for himself.
I think what I'm suggesting is to consider both. Dark mode is kind of a separate thing thing, there are apps and websites that support both themes and dark mode, interchangably. A (possibly bad) example is WordPress themes with multiple colour schemes. The theme handles low level look and feel, the (colour) stylesheet handles the colour scheme. The colour scheme is toggled with JavaScript or a single config option. It's just a thought, I'm not even a Lemmy user yet. :)
Old enough to tell you to mind your own fucking business.
No offense, but ewwww. :)
Dear god, are you his fucking mum? Are you really so infatuated with him that you can't realise that there is a difference between getting top marks in reading, and being any good at basically anything else? Johnson is good at reading and bullshitting. He's a fucking moron at everything else. A cretin. A fool.
BAT!
This was a response to Charlottesville. He replied [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/nextfuckinglevel/comments/gukjcl/-/fsj62nu) with a link to his response to the current situation.
Where's the other half?
Stick him in stocks and let everyone that voted for Clinton give him a single kick up the arse. Kicked up the arse to death. Even Len Brennan would approve of that.
Fucking thugs in uniform. The SS.
An absolute fucking numpty. The second he goes off script, he outs himself as a complete fucking moron.
Of course it's what he wants. It's what he always wanted, it's what all dictators want. How can anyone not know this?
Please don't feed this troll. Downvote, report, block.
They think they're cool star wars stormtroopers, blissfully unaware that they're acting like Nazi stormtroopers.
They think they're star wars stormtroopers, blissfully unaware that they're acting like Nazi stormtroopers.
Yeah but those guys think star wars stormtroopers are cool. Although they probably think Nazi stormtroopers are cool too....
That video says it all. Standing on his own, outside a church, looking uncomfortable, with sirens going constantly in the background. I like the way he has to keep moving the Bible around, because it's burning his hands.
You think Trump gives a fuck about the Constitution? Or laws in general? Are you watching another channel?
Their time ran out in 2001, when they elected Frat Bush. Obama was a bounce.
It was fairly obvious to a lot of people outside America when Bush was elected, and then 9/11 came along. Obama was a bounce, he didn't do enough to counter the underlying problems. Not even remotely.
Honestly, any excuse will do. The dog ate my homework so I'm going to kick someone's ass. Anyone.
"Are we the baddies?"
You're forgetting the Australians.
Obama did a lot of things, he wasn't a bad President*. But he didn't fix America. I'm not sure anyone could have at that stage though, to be fair. **Well, apart from the extra-legal drone assassinations. There is those. And not closing Guantanamo, one of his primary electoral pledges, that too.*
Yeah, write another letter!
You forgot the judicial system. And the educational system.
Hope doesn't fix things.
Fab
How to get a hammer off your car using Tracey from Leeds.
I wasn't talking about the Australian News. Murdoch owns **way** more than the Australian news.
Putin Defenestraphilia
This won't be a popular opinion for Americans but I'm going to say it anyway because it's important: **Bad unions do not make unions bad.** Not everything is about choosing a side, not everything is binary. Please don't shit on unions in general because of the shitty police unions.
Why the 5th? Why not today, or tomorrow? Why not **now**? Don't give them time to think. Don't give them time to collude. Don't give them time to shred. Act **now**.
Cunts the lot of them. I hope they all end up in jail.
Trump voter.
I wasn't.
Print out the cowardly MP's tweet, stick it on your fridge until the next election.
I mean, Britain is clearly beating the US on that front. A bit.
r/restofthefuckingowl
You conveniently ignored my first point. Bush started the extra-judicial killings, but Obama **chose** to continue them, in fact he chose to **expand** the program. That was and remains reprehensible. Like I said, he wasn't a bad President, he did some good things, but he was not the hero people make him out to be. People are quick to forget.
Thank you for protesting. America's politics and actions reverberate around the world, you're representing everyone, including this Irishman.
It's a sauce made from tomatoes. Tomato sauce. It's not the same but it's not fucking gravel either.
Irishman here, testify. We put ketchup on fucking **everything**. At least we're not like the Brits with the brown sauce though. Eww.
They aren't. They fucking love him. The only thing they're afraid of is getting caught.
ITT: GOP-sponsored bots trying to distract from and discourage the protests with "concern" about C0VID-19.
Now there's a car that held value. Good ones cost as much today as they did new.
I don't live in America, so no, not me. But well done for the lovely rant. Do you feel better now? You do realise that bots can mix with people, right? It wasn't an accusation against you personally. Not everything is about you.
No, not everyone. Most. Like I said. Fourth word. Did you get stuck at "you"? Not everything is about you.
&gt;But he thinks he is on a mission from god. Seriously. Sound familiar? Holy shit, he's a Blues Brother?
I mean, absolutely people should vote. But the election in November isn't going to solve these problems happening right now. And it may not solve them them. Trump won't leave without a fight.
[They're no Sultans of Ping F.C.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&amp;v=tTBk5Krqzyc&amp;t=47s)
So efficient!
Tongs. They're called tongs.
Yes. Tongs.
Mine's called Jenny. She'd like Steve's number.
The title alone is nonsense. America is not an empire, literally or figuratively. I can't argue with them on Obama though.
You've got to hand it to them.
Also, if you make a mistake, click the History icon to undo.
[Gish Gallop](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gish_gallop?wprov=sfla1) criminality.
Did Reddit respond? Or just cross their fingers and hope it goes away, like usual?
The guy that invented it is terrible at marketing and distributing it though.
If looked at my post history properly, you'd see that I've been talking about the growing issues with authoritarianism in America for a long, long time; but no, you went back and cherry-picked something that would suit your narrative and went for it. I presume you *are* an American. Your country has been struggling with democracy for 20 years now (Bush), and is literally falling apart at the seams while you argue with me. A huge number of those 100k COVID-19 cases are a **direct** result of that. Not protesting *would* save people, but it would also result in the death of America, and the death of millions, plural, when it collapses. And let's not forget about the people that will die if you allow Trump and the GOP to continue "reopening America". Not everything is a binary choice. Protestors are taking a risk, and I'm pretty sure most of them know damned well they're doing that. Most are young so are at reduced risks themselves, and most are wearing masks and I hope that shows a sensibility that they will mind people around them that are more at risk. Personally, I think the protests are more important. My opinion counts for nowt in reality because I'm 5000km away, but I'm still entitled to it. And I would argue that I'm more entitled to it than a fucking GOP or Russian bot.
I didn't realise you were a Trump loving fucknut or I would never have engaged with you. **You're** the problem with America, you're destroying America. Welcome to my blocklist, you sad sack of shit.
Cultural. Ha! Look, I like America, I've wanted to visit the country since I was a child. But it's "culture" has become a blight on the rest of the world, and so has its obscene version of capitalism. America jumped the shark a long time ago. I couldn't pin down when that happened, but personally I stopped wanting to visit in 2001, because George Bush, and the Patriot Act. I hope someday I'll want to visit again. But I'm not holding my breath right now. So no, America is not an Empire. Military bases aren't countries. Culture needs to exist. Capitalism needs to live beside humanity. Obviously it's not a popular view here on Reddit, but I'll take the downvotes. But I would genuinely love America to look in the mirror and realise two things: 1. America is not the world; and 2. America is broken and needs to fix itself before it falls to bits. I'm nearing 50 now, and I'm worried I might not get there before it's too late. There's a long road of recovery ahead. If realisation dawns. I suspect it might not.
I could have used this about a thousand times to quit sniffing glue. Sorry, wrong thread.
Oh look, another update post, just like the last update post. Go fuck yourself Alex.
"Filing" is a very apt typo.
Three letters: CIA
Don't stand near any windows.
He didn't say he was better, he said "you don't have the right to lecture others". And, cunt that he is, he's right. Your whataboutery is redundant.
Some people prefer monolithic containers. Both options would be better.
Do you want a medal or something? A participation trophy?
Once again, fuck Synacor.
Because he wants to do something else, he's just using this as an excuse to polish his reputation. He's a shitheel, just like the other shitheels running this gaff.
Looks like a Ka, a Cougar, a Puma and a Probe had an orgy, and no-one knows who the father is. Fugly.
It says 1992 right there in the title.
Also afterbirth.
OC is way, way more stable than NC. I try NC maybe one a year when I see a shiny new release like this, and run a fucking mile every time. OC is rock solid now, it just works.
[SearX](https://github.com/asciimoo/searx) is probably the one you're looking for. [Whoogle](https://github.com/benbusby/whoogle-search) is a nice new project for Google-only.
People can do what they want, the way they want, and not deal with gatekeepers that think they're smarter than everyone else.
Fab, I love it.
Do lies count as harassment? https://i0.wp.com/metro.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/576855022.jpg?quality=90&amp;strip=all&amp;zoom=1&amp;resize=480%2C320&amp;ssl=1
Consider yourselves lucky Trump hates the military, the draft-dodging fat fuck. If he'd shown even a modicum of respect for them, ye'd be a lot further along by now. As it is, a fuck load of them still love him.
Sorry, I obviously didn't grasp what you were looking for correctly.
Way beyond my pay grade I'm afraid. I've looked at it a few times and my head melted.
Thank you for reporting your neighbor for passing within 5.7 feet of someone in the park. You have been rewarded with one non-arrest voucher. Your voucher expires in 3 days.
Thank you for reporting your neighbor for passing within 5.7 feet of another person. You are a good citizen and have been rewarded with one non-arrest voucher. Your voucher expires in 3 days.
Thank you for reporting your neighbor for passing within 5.7 feet of another person. You are a good citizen and have been rewarded with one non-arrest voucher. Your voucher expires in 3 days.
Thank you for reporting your neighbor for passing within 5.7 feet of another person. You are a good citizen and have been rewarded with one non-arrest voucher. Your voucher expires in 3 days.
Thank you for reporting your neighbor for passing within 5.7 feet of another person. You are a good citizen and have been rewarded with one non-arrest voucher. Your voucher expires in 3 days.
This sub thinks it's left-wing, but isn't. They love the CCTV here, the authoritarianism gets them hard.
You sound like a fascist.
Honestly, I don't believe you, but I've amended my post nonetheless.
Britain doesn't teach about Ireland either. Cromwell's regarded as a hero in the UK, and a monster in Ireland.
Remindme! 1 week
Hiding in their bunkers, like Trump.
I respect tall women. I look up to them.
Ssshhhh, he's asleep in his bunker. Mike just put him down.
Boxy Rocks
Read the article. It says disband, one of the council members said "dismantle". I'm sure they'll walk it back, but that's exactly what was said.
I wasn't arguing with the opinion, I was pointing out an incorrect assertion that was missed because they didn't read the article. As should be clear by the second sentence in my post. People seriously need to start reading beyond the first fucking sentence of everything.
I wasn't arguing with you either, just pointing out your ignorance. Are you just fucking retarded?
Or how to sit 2m from each other.
Fuck all, basically.
Police Academy 163 - Bicop Force
[I'll just leave this here](https://youtu.be/n1y4UgZk_Xk). Thank you OP. I snorted. Twice.
Quentin has entered the chat.
I presume it's policy to take your truncheon out when arriving on the scene? Did no-one think that might send the wrong message to people?
Law enforcement slashed parked car tires in Minneapolis amid protests
Some people are into that tho
You realise that both of your "solutions" are **exactly** what trans people have a problem with, right? Or are you just trolling? - trans people don't want separate rooms, because it makes them "different". They **believe** they're the other sex. - trans people are **definitely** not disabled; unless you're arguing they have a mental disability, in which case good luck with that. I don't have any answers myself, but I know for definite that those ain't the answers.
I prefer groot / root and I approve this message.
The answer is 4 posts down in their post history. Go and look. I'm not your fucking tour guide.
[PHP Server Monitor](https://github.com/phpservermon/phpservermon)
Ireland here, I only have JD at the moment but I'll raise a glass anyway. Fuck Moscow Mitch.
Young people should vote.
It's fucking retarded?
I mean, some of them probably do.
I absolutely do not have numbers, in much the same way you don't have numbers for the "most" you're speculating about. However I do see articles about trans people being seriously pissed off about things, with the primary one being "seen as different". They believe themselves to be male, or female, and they want to be treated as that gender. And who can blame them. Of course the answer is not simple. But your solutions are simple. You're not the first to have them, by any stretch of the imagination, and if you actually read any articles about trans people, did some research, you would know this. I would recommend doing that, and seeing how much more complicated it is than "use another room", or comparing them to people with disabilities. It should be pointed out that I'm not even well-versed in the issues myself, for example I don't even know the correct word for disabled people these days, and I'm pretty sure I used all sorts of wrong pronouns in my post. But that just highlights the issue further.
I'm sure you do know people that are trans. But you know nothing **about** them. And if I were 17, I would know more about gender that you will ever know. Go back to your OANN, old man.
Stylist
It was a joke. The only offense it causes me is how shit it is. It's lowest common denominator comedy.
One does not preclude the other.
You've completely stepped over the point of the top comment. If Columbus is significant, teach Americans that he was significant. Not that he discovered America, because it is factually incorrect.
Jesus, what is it with America and unions? You don't need to abolish either, you need to reform both. Hard. If that means restarting them from scratch, so be it, but that is not "abolishment".
It's ok, he can just go in his bunker and suck his thumb.
Looks like Captain Disillusion fucked an Audi A3.
We should start with the religious statues. They're offensive to, you know, reality.
I had to take CF off one customer's Woo site because it was causing havoc with the checkout, and the only way around it was a 200/month business account, just not practical for this customer. CF is great for some sites, particularly at-risk sites, but it's definitely not a default for me.
Tories worship ignorance.
Yes, there is quite a lot of those stupid people.
Because they don't believe in facts, science, or reason. Fuck them.
You can. They aren't.
The XJR is just a more refined M5. Wonderful sleepers.
What did Trump offer him, or threaten him with, in October. https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/nov/21/trump-mark-zuckerberg-white-house-dinner
If you saw this in a TV show you'd think the writing was shit. Or, you know, it was a comedy.
An employer is an employer. All employees need representation.
Rebuild it, replace it, whatever, just make sure people are represented fairly. And fair goes both ways, unions clearly shouldn't have too much power either. But disbanding unions completely is throwing the baby out with the bathwater.
See my other posts. I don't care if it's repaired or replaced as long as workers have representation.
I know how a CDN works.
Cue
Because Fallon is shite. I opened the video, looked right and immediately though "oh for fuck's sake, this braying muppet, this'll be shit".
Those are called outliers.
I live in Ireland. We have unions. You're preaching to the converted.
The police unions have as much power as possible. That's **exactly** what is causing the problems that are occurring right now. Dear god.
This is what you're looking for: https://youtu.be/FUE2qgx-xpM
This. NC was forked from OC and went nuts on features. OC refocused on stability. It's been stable as fuck since then.
I mean, there are multiple ways of getting poop on your finger. Now you'll never know. It'll eat you inside.
The best long protein strings. It was the perfect 69.
I think the only major addition I have is Collabora, sourced from a Docker container on another server. I had terrible getting it to work with the various office options over the years, but it works great now. I'm moving mail server at the moment (because fucking Zimbra) so I may try to add Contacts and Calendar, just as a repository, but I've no idea what they're like these days.
At least 0.
That is also what she said.
r/heputhisdickinthat
Don't poke it then.
I think perhaps your dictionary is broken.
The other 3 are still a-ok!
I've used Spotify for about a year and decided to try YouTube music because I find Spotify shit to use in the car. But YouTube music is basically a complete ripoff of Spotify. As far as I can see all they did is change the fucking logo.
Alan
*Laughs in Ireland*
Hi im natalie.
The first 4 words are his family motto.
Fuck Dominic Cummings
I've never seen "garda stay out" sprayed anywhere in Ireland.
Tories love a bumbling muppet. Trump as PM would make them horny.
Car: I'm being driven by a muppet.
If the GOP and Trump aren't reined in over the summer, America will be Brazil in 5 years.
They always keep lists, for their blackmail folders.
I don't agree. I don't believe there will be a significant **improvement** in America under Biden, but if he isn't completely fucking useless, he should be able to revert a lot of the damage that Trump (and Bush and to a lesser extent Obama) have done. The question then is if America will do the sensible thing and put another Democrats in charge, ideally a more progressive one, or go for another trough under a Republican. That would be a deep fucking trough. That would be what you envision. I don't think it's a given though. A risk. Albeit a major one.
Please do, and please vote for Biden. I don't like him, at all, but these days a non-vote is essentially a vote for Trump.
Plenty of fat asses tho? ;)
Which third party would that be? Bernie, who people proclaimed, but didn't actually vote for in the end? I think Bernie would have been perfect for America right now, but there's no point in being silly about it. Biden is the candidate. If you don't vote for Biden you might as well just vote for Trump.
Yes
You missed a line in your quote, I'll just pop it back on for you: &gt;But he isn't Trump. So go Biden! I like your black nail polish btw.
That's, uh, very helpful, thank you. I think?
I was genuinely sad when Bernie dropped out, I had such high hopes for America. Now I can only hope for a return to pre-Trump, at best.
And the "socialism" problem comes back to education. There are so many things broken in America, but if you could fix education, you'd fix a lot of other things too, in time.
Good old Boris, eh? Good old Brexit? ;) *winks from Ireland* :)
Amen to that. Non-religiously of course. Eamonn, if you will.
Because there's a shitty 50s Japanese monster in the White House.
They aren't, and I'm not an American. I'm an Irishman that's very unhappy about what's happened to America in the last 20 years.
The vast majority of modern politicians only care about their term. Talentless hacks, most of them.
Very true. I've found my own attention span shortening as I get older, being a teenager must be terrifying!
I can hear the screams.
Pedantic, but a gift card is not a refund.
Trump has never actually done anything in his entire life.
You know it's a brand, but you can't look up the ingredients? It's dissolvable aspirin, effervescent. The effervescence and water probably help as much as the aspirin.
Alka-Seltzer isn't an American thing per se, it's available in Ireland and the UK too, so I'd imagine most places in some form or another.
And they're all exactly the same.
What would be the point of that?
True, I just don't like them. :)
You can just call them Nazis. Or fascists. Or fucking morons.
Or that. But probably the other. If anyone has dirt on them, it's Trump.
Or, indeed, cockwombles.
BbuT tHE E!ectORaL frAUdz!?
Hi Álex!
I hate it when the builder just leaves a bit of ducting behind like that. So unprofessional.
"You broke our fork and your lock is fucking stupid, the cat broke through it! We're strict because you're a danger to yourself, you muppet!"
Probably more than 200k, they're reporting about the same again as pneumonia, see r/bestof for the post. There are probably other categories too. EDIT: https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/h7s70f/-/funn3ua
Are you stuck in 2005?
Ok, ye all got me. :)
Syphilis lifts.
I see Dr. Nick Riviera has moved state.
Forgot his wallet.
The execs and shareholders are jizzing themselves.
Great interview, thanks.
I thought the same, that it's just an opinion piece, but he is actually their [economics editor](https://www.theguardian.com/profile/larryelliott). Which isn't saying much, as far as I can see the vast majority of economists are utterly full of shit.
I'm concerned about America. I couldn't give a flying fuck at the moon about Trump.
Ah come on, the bumbling oaf act is his only talent. What will be do if he doesn't have that? Just be an incompetent twat **all** the time?
Bonus
Did they provide a fridge for him to hide in?
Not mine. Also see "couldn't give a flying fuck at a rolling doughnut".
You were looking at one right there. The Liverpool Echo is owned by [Reach Plc](https://www.reachplc.com/our-newsbrands), owners of the Express, Mirror and Star. All of their sites use the same platform, the design is unmistakeable. Cancerous the lot of them, it's difficult to tell where an article starts and ends because of all the shit they put in the middle, and that's **with** an ad blocker. They recently started operating local sites without a pre-existing newspaper, like [Cork Beo](https://www.corkbeo.ie/). Just popped up out of nowhere, and it has more local news than the other two main local sources, the Evening Echo and Red FM, both of which pepper their sites with national news most people will get from other sources. Which is a sad reflection on the pre-existing news outlets, rather than acclaim for the Reach shite.
From his coffin?
Trump is indeed the living dead.
Exactly. Tell my wife to use a cool wash on the kids clothes and she'll knife me and bury me under the trampoline. Again.
They will give a shit if it doesn't go away. That's exactly how politics works.
bUtt! WhAT? aBOut cOrbYnnN?!!
OP just woke up from a coma.
Yes, I know. I think we're allowed to make alternative jokes to the one that was already posted by several other people.
He is intelligent. He is not smart. There is a difference.
Do you need them to put everything in the title or something?
Trump's second inauguration is it? Or the one that won't be held because Trump bans inaugurations?
Open a valve pal, you're completely full of shit.
[Here you go](https://www.chardandilminsternews.co.uk/resources/images/11472402.jpg).
Ditto traffic in Maps.
bUtt AwwTOs Rr Fa5tt³r!!
Most of the people that claim manuals aren't more fun have probably never driven a manual, or simply **can't** drive a manual. The others have no souls and we should pretend they don't exist.
Only a moron stalls a manual.
I can understand someone not enjoying a manual Viano, or even a 7 series. But a super saloon or a hot hatch? You couldn't pay me to drive an automatic. I've amended my post above to fast cars. I was being facetious. But I think you may have been driving the wrong manuals. Come drive my manual 850R and tell me it isn't more fun than an auto. And not in the least bit awkward or difficult, it cruises like my old E38 on the motorway.
This is asked once a week. Search the sub.
I don't know anything about WordPress.com. They're a business, ask them.
Seems to be the new MO for America. Do nothing. It's hilarious that Trump calls out the "do nothing democrats" when he's never done a single thing of note in his entire life. He can't even be bothered *actually* pulling out of the WHO. All talk and no action. Unless you calling "stealing" action. He steals a **lot**.
Uh, he already did? The official number is over 100k, and they've been fudging the numbers with pneumonia and other causes of death. It's probably 200+ already. I stand by my original estimate of at least 1m dead Americans by the time a viable vaccine is available. At least.
They clearly learned their lesson.
Reddit is all 2A until the **exact** scenario they always cite crops up, then.... crickets.
A shit-ton of the judges were appointed by Trump.
It's fucking plenty.
I'm not even remotely afraid of them, I'm 5000km away, in a country with a tiny number of illegal guns. And I don't want to be included in a circle jerk of people that will go to any length to excuse their fucking weird power fetish.
Ah but that's a global thing. You're not unique in that regard. :)
All I can think is "thank Christ we didn't have camera phones when I was a teenager". We were all fucking dickheads at that stage, but at least my idiocy and *appalling* dress sense was only documented in occasional stills.
They should but they won't. Sorry.
Dunno about the UK but half the Cadbury chocolate in Ireland already tastes like cat shit; the stuff from eastern europe in particular is fucking manky. I know it's just cows eating different grass, but euuuurrrrghh. Irish Dairy Milk was the bees knees. The UK is quite close but it's just not the same. :(
If it tastes like the pile of shite you just wrote.....
A great example. Arpaoi is a piece of shit.
The sad thing is that it's partly true. Pelosi waited too long for impeachment. The Dems still aren't attacking hard enough. The gloves should have come off a year ago, two even.
EOs are a cancer. For everyone. If a Democrat wins they'll have to use EOs to revert a lot of shit Trump did. It's an infinite loop of shitty rulemaking.
He forgot about 3 mins after saying it.
Trickle-down Trumps.
When you want to be sure on a blind date.
22 Acacia Avenue
They can do both. People **should** write letters to their representatives, but they should also be aware that it can be heartbreaking when you receive your dozenth essential PFO from them. As you say yourself below, they will toe the party line the vast majority of the time. So people **should** bitch and talk about it here, it helps to stir the pot and keep people interested, and angry. Sorry, but I hate the binary line that's taken on social media these days, things like "it's not Boris, it's Cummings" or "it's not trump, it's the GOP". It's usually both, and encouraging people not to do $something because $something_else, even with the best will in the world, just feeds into it.
I don't think they were as bad as you think they were. I had a 740i that was just a few years older and apart from the odd hunting problem that was well known, it was sweet as a nut. On manuals vs. autos in general, no offense but your own experience with one car is just plain anecdotal. There are great autos, there are great manuals, and some classes benefit better from autos, and some are better with manuals. IMHO, fast cars with manuals are more engaging, and while I can understand that some people like to just put their foot down and enjoy the rush, it just feels like cheating to me. :)
eBay is the worst for this. I went looking for hubcaps for my mum's car about five years ago, on one single occasion, and it's fucking hubcaps all the way down ever since. Just hubcaps. Nothing else. At all.
Starlink is satellites, and a Musk project. Loon is balloons, by Google. Fibre is.... fibre.
Remindme! 1 week
Wow, you *really* went out of your way to be offended, didn't you? Well done.
Yard signs are weird! We're slowly chipping away in towns and villages in Ireland getting candidates to stop putting up posters, and you guys put them on your fucking lawns. :)
Please tell your uncle that dahamsta on Reddit said he's an ignorant hick, and he should go fuck himself. No offense. ;)
I'm 47, you couldn't pay me to go into a memes sub. :)
That's a disingenuous argument though. A fairer comparison would be Biden as a bog-standard tuna sandwich with mayo slightly past the sell-by date, and Trump as a shit sandwich with shit bread, shit mayo, shit on the side, and shit for brains.
I understand your reasoning, but I stand by comment: If you vote 3rd party, you'll be helping Trump. Remember that.
They're ugly, they result in litter despite laws about taking them down afterwards, and they add nothing to the conversation. We don't really shout about our political affiliations over here. Partly because of the Troubles, and partly because we tend to keep to ourselves.
I know, it's just weird to non-Americans. :)
That about sums it up.
That's just politics, America is not special in that regard. The problem is your electoral system, PR-STV or similar would fix most of the problems. You know, after you've burned the electoral college the ground. ;)
Pal, you couldn't offend someone if you tried. Cheerio.
Very true.
You had me there for a minute.....
If you want to vote for 3rd party candidates, reform your electoral system. The President is not a route to that.
There wasn't a single Aussie in that video.
Presumably they'll need to gas and shoot themselves. A Möbius strip of police violence.
If you went outside with a turd on your head, people would be entitled to walk away from you. This BMW design language is the vehicular equivalent of a turd on a head. You're entitled to your opinion and your downvotes. I'm entitled to mine. It's a shit design. It's like like a buff [nutria](https://www.nationalgeographic.com/content/dam/animals/thumbs/rights-exempt/mammals/n/nutria_thumb.JPG) fucked Hitler. In my opinion. And I say that as someone that loved the Bangle E60. I was ridiculed about that at the time, but I didn't go crying to mommy about it.
Jesus Reddit. Yes, Bolton is an absolute shitheel, we all know and agree on that, but focus on what he says, and use it. Stop parroting the same fucking line as everyone else. **Use it.**
I'm allowed to use "you're" when I'm talking directly to someone. I've amended "we're". If you don't like the "echo chamber", there are other subs that might align closer to your opinions. But that **would** be an echo chamber. Disagreeing, and talking about it, is the opposite of an echo chamber.
Ah, so you're accusing me of trying to **make** an echo chamber, with one word, in a post disagreeing with someone? Jesus Christ.
Many countries in Africa.
They like the violence. They want chaos, so they can get to martial law. At some point, Americans will wake up and realise they've been living inside a coup for quite some time.
Where can I open my Coronavirus Bank account please? Asking for a friend.
A static image? Seriously? FFS https://youtu.be/3eCmfaxIjjc
This is just a marketing post with affiliate links, fuck Forbes for posting it and you for parroting it.
bUT? whAT aB0Utt 0BBamA?!
I mean, if she actually said "apart of history", she's correct. But then her grammar is shit. :)
He's intellectually unprepared to be a fucking turnip.
Lock the sub, we're done. Kudos OP. You won.
Dear god, where are you getting your news?
Don't forget WhatsApp!
I'll defenestrate your right to use Telegram until the day I die. Defend. Sorry, **defend**.
No, no, the bridge was too low. It was completely the bridge's fault. Please apologise to the ship.
You'd rather the wife rapist.
Thanks I hate it.
Don't mind the year or the horses, I want to know the real nitty-gritty, the real car porn. Tell us about the **bills**.
At least neither country has an authoritarian / sectarian piece of shit in charge at the moment, things might get out of hand othe... oh. I guess they agree on hating Muslims and treating them like animals?
Fuck Tesla, and fuck Elon Musk.
Just uninstall Steam.
I keep mine next to the Cif.
Yeah, it's all about Boris, and nothing to do with the new Opposition leader.
Modi fucking hates muslims. https://www.theguardian.com/tv-and-radio/2020/feb/24/john-oliver-last-week-tonight-recap-trump-modi-india
That wouldn't help with the shitkickings though.
