Make sure to do this in a room without a window. Don't want the baby to go flying out into the street.
They kinda slurp water like we do. A dog uses his tongue like a ladel. And a cat jack hammers the shit out of the water with its tongue and catches the splash
You can fix it. Just fade the bald line down to your beard. Or shave your sideburns into a goatee
What the hell is that thing in the back... Just give it a bit Oh burn me, its a lobster
Then someone from your own team decapitates you with an errant two-hander swing.
The bayonets weren't that reliable outside of the charge. As they could get stuck or redirected. Youd be surprised how fucked uou are if you miss a stab with a bayonet. The entire rifle was often used like a quarterstaff. And if was pretty common to see the entire thing being swung to sweep someone's leg out, and being brought back in for a stab with the bayonet.
Every player does it. Even when the game tells you if there is or not
What is a transfer
They are basically smelly cats. And actually make great pets when you degland them
Depends on how you look at it. Im not saying shit as this is a level of discussion with no right answer but the one you set for yourself. In my opinion. If you plan on keeping it as a pet, it will very much accept it, as I've seen them be as affectionate as cats. But if you don't degland it, you are seriously endangering yourself. Their spray isn't just smelly. Its an incredibly destructive irritant that is capable of dissolving latex, as well as destroying your eyes and sensory glands in your nose. They usually aim for the face. You're not going to hurt it as long as you KEEP it. There are also those people who know how to handle a skunk that is not deglanded, and can even tolerate the smell. If I remember correctly if it feels safe, and is handled often it won't musk up, which gives it that pasdive smell that tells predators "Ima fuck your day up"
You need the zeolite in it to make radiation suits! Gotta prepare for nuclear Armageddon
If I shoot it up, would I become Static?
This shit does look fun
Reminds me of a story a coworker told me from when he was in the military. One of the pilots came in on a damn jet and landed that fucker hard. Engine still on and hot, he scrambled out of the cockpit and started hauling down the fucking runway shoving people out of the way. They asked the second guy, I assume the navigator, whats going on. Told them the guy had to take a shit bad.
His other horn isn't visible. Not hard to say thats what it is. When hes done. Cleans it out and screws it back in place. Or maybe its friction fitted
Once you do a few. Its actually not that hard to wrap your head around it. The hard part is just breaking it down into simple pieces. I've learned mostly by watching videos on how nintendo does their shaders. Which impresses me far more than the standard AAA hyper realistic graphics
Does his grandma spoil him rotten? Also, haven't seen this character in a while. Good to see Fek is still stompin about
Or just hit them with a bolt of lightning
Ssssssooooooooo.... If you step on that heel, do you break your mama's back?
I don't know man. Given theres a video where they drew a giant sky penis over the city of maryland or some shit, Im willing to believe weird stories https://youtu.be/nMoK11P4w6Y
Like I said, the story a **coworker** told me. I don't care if its true or not, its still entertaining when you're sitting in a fucking office staring at a screen hours on end. And I don't need someone pointing out if a story is bullshit or not. When it is already clear I said a **story**. Its already clear theres room for scepticism.
The krait will always be my love. Its so beautiful in VR to see these big ass guns deploy next to your head.
Sounds a lot like the Thunder caller bard. You get Thunder Call which is an AOE concussive blast that fucks up mages and has unavoidable damage, the save is to avoid the stun... Which decimates groups of enemies. You have Insight Rage, which allows you to apply Rage to allies and enemies. You got Storm Call which can be used beside Thunder Call every round because Thunder Ca uses an action and cannot be reduced. Give the bard Arrowsong's lament and you can get Thunderbolt as a spell to cast six times a day.
If this is Witcher, they need a better actor for roach. No where near as derpy
What is the grandmas personality? Please let it be glorious.
Easiest to find is their use of scrolling textures to make their water effects
Getting bold I see
Ok so it wouldn't be mossy, it would just have grass and weeds growing on it. I got nothing then
Ask them to make you a silk jacket
They put the snails in envelopes... Dafuq
Er.... Wrong answer, bot
When the pally is about to lay on hands
Get a Jamaican woman twerking. And you will leave everyone in the dust
3 days to SQUAD UP
Dragons dogma with cute shit
This is the game telling you, the baron, "WELCOME TO THE STOLEN LANDS MOTHAFUCKA"
In Pathfinder you had more than that. Your Competence bonus jumps up to +5 at max. You can make people nearly indestructible. You can demoralize the entire enemy party. You can frighten people. You can smite a bitch with a long sword. You can become as untouchable as a Turtling Fighter and Pally. You can haste the entire party. Cast nearly any spell in the f*cking world if it's on a scroll. All in just the base class.
Not so true in 5e, but they are very good at standing in for most spots in a party, and providing other functions at the same time. The only things they can't do well is Meat Shield, blasting, and Healing (except in 5e on this one).
Yes you can. Come back as a Wraith of Sonnet
+4 difficulty bonus to AC, mmmmk. +7 dex on a level 1 mook. Da fuq
Oh i just made it up
Yeah.... Need to be out of the saddle and leaning on the back wheel. It helps to have 27" or larger wheels. Depending on the wheel distance you might have to jump the front wheel.
*runs past because he's too busy getting chased by a god damn Palamou*
What armor set is that? I love it
Good to know. Do I still need to wait for them to calm?
They don't seem to be effected by them any longer.
He's incredibly sassy. Not an ass like tartucio. Uniquely though, of all the characters, his opinions are almost always the best course of action. And he's just incredibly honest, but fair. Your barony is not in good shape. And what was not told to you dives his point further home. The land actively fights against being be settled.
Guess I'll be a rainbow pimp for some time then.
I figured out how the flash bangs work now.... You can only flash MR monsters out of the sky when they are raging. And that might be on a cool down. If they aren't raging they will fly around stunned instead. Some may lower themselves to the ground. When they aren't raging you need to use the clutch claw. Which a commenter had mentioned will knock them out of the air, no matter if they hit something
Thank you this actually made the fights tolerable again
Dootstick fkr life. Besides. The KO and stagger on it is just fucking bullshit now, that it honestly feels like I am par with hammer in KO potential
I look at my CPU and see that my 16 core CPU is at 90% load. And my GPU is roaring like a fucking charger. "OOOOooooh my electric bill is going to be high"
The Great Jagras waits for you to approach. His meals numbers from one to nineteen more. To the man of blades of four, will you become meal number twenty-one?
My favorite quest text comes from The Fools Mate. Where a researcher apparently took a romantic interest in a rathian
Charge blade user? I often see this from a Dual Blade.
Imagine being a rabbit who survived the fire, and found a nice source of food. Then you're in the afterlife because a fucking potato fell on your head at terminal velocity
FXAA. TAA (Temporal AA) uses the previous frames to generate the AA. Which not only is more expensive, but its also pretty fucking blurry. TAA is better suited for games where there isn't a lot of visual noise on the screen. Something that MHW has a lot of. It tends to be superior when things are in motion. Problem is... Most things in motion are automatically fixed by motion blur. Things are also moving pretty quickly that you won't notice jaggies left behind. FXAA (Fast Approximate AA) is much sharper, but an older technique. And one that has hardware acceleration support. So the impact on most modern GPUs is non-existent.
The neutral 1 deals more exhaustion damage. The move burns through your stamina and does not deal as much exhaustion. Exhaustion is what you want to knock the monster on its ass quickly
Bro... Most of the hunting horns are either the smoking pipe, the bag pipes, or someone ducktaping shit to a bone horn. Even some of the new horns are completely uninspired and have the same god damn designs as above. Compared to the weapons from generations? I was hoping they'd fix that stupid design from the base game
*looks to 32gigs of DDR4*
Remember, when your friend inevitably gets one shotted by Nergigante, tell him "WELCOME TO THE ELDERS RECESS MOTHAFUCKA" And the same for AT kirin
Ask the new Bazalgeuse to help out. He's basically a walking nuclear explosion.
A quick tip. Always make sure you hit the monster first before the bombs go off for a big hit.
The baby narga is all grown up... and seeking vengence.
MR Odogoron. Always starts off pissed off. Almost every attack from the claws or teeth bleeds you.
Shit's be getting metal.
That's kinda how I felt when I did their mission for the first time. Had to fight that stupid snow fish alone. And that is the monster I hate THE MOST in iceborn right now. And I've already gotten past the repel Velkhana part.
Reminds me of my shower. Just shits out gallons of scorching hot water like a fire hydrant.
I saw the NCH production video and thought shed be nasty to fight. Maybe when I have to actually fight her
Sadly, heavy weapons are not capable of carving slinger ammo off. So I find myself constantly scrambling for rocks, moss, plants, etc.
Spoilers buddy...
Banbaro is a glass jaw to Blunt weapons. HH and Hammers will constantly knock his ass flat, even in a full party. Barioth and Nargacuga are probably the worst for these two weapons. Largely because of the monster's bouncy behavior where it's difficult for these weapons to land a blow, or get out of the way because they are stuck in an animation.
Pink Rathain inflicts Venom, not poison. Venom is a more severe version of poison, and is not something you can easily just sit through like in the past. The monster's behavior however is the exact same as regular Rathian. Equip Poison Res lv3 to become immune to the Venom. If you do not equip it, take some herbal medicen with you. You should also be warned that Rathian poison's through her tail. So avoid getting hit by it. Unlike Rathalos, you do not need Fire Resistance, as Rathian does not rely on her fire nearly as much. Rathian prefers ground combat over flying. If she takes to the air, she won't be in it for long. You're more than welcome to use a flashpod to knock her out of the sky though. &amp;#x200B; The safest place to be when fighting a Rathian is near the outer thigh of her legs. Or under her legs. She has a very strong tail for when she does her sweeping attacks. She will always look in the opposite direction she's going to spin. And she will usually spin twice. When she starts charging. Don't bother with chasing after her. Just keep out of the way till she settles down. This attack will easily stun you, and set you up to get killed.
You are a terrible dentist
Hope hes got some foreplay before putting out like that
Grappling the kirins face. You must be seeking death, friend.
There are two types of hunters when they hear bazelgeuse's roar. \*\*Siren Sounds\*\* "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHA \*SOBS\*" \*\*Siren SOunds\*\* "Aw for fuck's sake. Did anyone bring dung pods? WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU MEAN NO ONE BROUGHT DUNG PODS!?"
I've tried Screamer pod. Didn't do shit. I've tried torch pods. Didn't do shit either. Which you think it would. Given that with Jyru you can use water moss to wash the mud off. With Lavasioth you can soften his molten armor with torch pods. With Barroth, you can remove his mud armor with water moss. And almost every time I fight it, I can't bring it near a fucking wall to slam it into. Or it magically phases through a god damn tree. &amp;#x200B; Might just be unique to PC given that there's some bugs that needs to be fixed. Hell the Wetfish Fin+ basically has unlimited uses, when it specifically states "Get lucky and avoid using it." Yet after the fiftieth time using it, I still have yet to lose one.
The lock is usually much stronger... Except a donkey kick just under the knob is usually enough to destroy the door and frame if it opens inwards
This turned into a dumpster fire
In my personal experience, 5e's AC system might as well not exist in how often you miss or hit something. Simply because your chance to hit tends to outrun any basic bonuses you can get for AC. An 18 AC is concidered 'good', but thats when the average to miss is about 65%. And in a few levels it's suddenly 45% or lower. And with some monsters with when you're supposed to fight them. Their chances of missing you is about %20, and some can even hit on a 2. But reading further, yeah something is definitely wrong here.
Wait till you get to higher levels. I literally stopped wearing armor, because unless you got some significant magic items, shits gonna hit hit you unless they get really unlucky. At least in 3.5/PF1E AC only becomes irrelevant when dealing with epic level monsters. PF2E got rid of enchantment bonuses, and instead scales AC on a few factors. Proficiency with armor which you can choose to improve as you level and your level. Unarmored players benefits from this system too, as it means they can still improve their ac without armor
Is this kid standing on a step stool, or is the cieling that fucking low and in disrepair?
Dragon Herald. A bard archetype. Combine that with a Kobold and go around with diplomatic immunity and insult the ever living shit out of non draconids
DiaDOS
BRUUUUWEEN
Put a banana in your ear. You'll never be happy if you live a life of fear
Avada kadra? Bitch please, I cast berretus fiddy calibah
I see nothing wrong here. The pen is modeled after the M1 Gerand. You need to reload it.
I should note that rolling above a thirty in performance tends to get the attention of gods
I've no idea what EFR means. If it's "meta", I don't really care. &amp;#x200B; The horn's not that bad though. It's solid with a team who depends heavily on stamina. The stamina buffs easily outrunning attack XL. Dual Blades,bows, and Insect Glaves. And it helps increase survivability with full stun negation, stam recover, and evasion +speed boost. The speed boost is helpful when you gotta deal with fast foes like Barioth, Nargacuga, and Tigrex. If your terms for a Good song play list is attack up L, then... \*shrug\* you do you. &amp;#x200B; Cry of Night has 20% affinity off the bat if you need a damage build. Which means that's a few Expert gems you do not need to slot any longer. &amp;#x200B; Mad Bone Horn is solid in it's own right. And I already have it. But if I am only going to have two of the songs up for most of the time. I'm not going to bother to pull it out unless I enter situations where it pays to have the other songs.
Another six months then...
You mean how the dog is still alive?
If you too are a dragon, you shall not tollerate another on your turf
Capture actually does not increase rewards technically. It never did
I've always hated people saying that a good horn must have attack up plus. Its a good "general" buff. Its not the end all be all. 20% isn't always as good as you think. On weapons with high bases, yes its good. But on weapons with low bases you will get more value out of something else. If you were alone, its still not my first choice. Its my choice when the fight has no special mechanics, statuses, etc. If everyone is pixel perfect or a godly speed runner, sure. As a hunting horn vet of multiple games I can tell you its more valuable to bring the horn that best fits the situation. You want the cleanest fight possible for your entire team or yourself. Sure attack up for the entire team adds up. But if your team can't even get near Kushala its worthless compared to an all wind resist. Sure attack up might help you kill Narga Couga, but with how often he strikes and how often players get carted by him, Id rather being Divine Protection or defense. If Tigrex behaved anything like he did in previous games, anything with HG Earplugs. Glav, HG earplugs or health boost because of how quickly he does his special move in world compared to previous gens. Kirin, status prevention, yes you can fit them into your build, but if you really cared about deeps you would know that your armor skills contribute far more tk damage than a 20% buff you gotta keep up. You ALWAYS want the best horn for the job. Not the horn some speed runner with LoL FAKER level skills tells you.
Tigrex on his first introduction was known for roaring and charging at the same time. &gt;Nargacuga thrives on you being unable to attack it. You're just helping it by keeping the others alive. [Uh............ok.](https://miscmedia-9gag-fun.9cache.com/images/thumbnail-facebook/1557310702.1267_UgysAp_n.jpg) But let's just agree to disagree here. I'm not carrying this any further. As neither one of us are going to change each other's opinions.
Untill Kushala says fuck you and ignore the flash bombs. Range has it nice in world. In generations, Kushala would reflect bullets back at you. Tornados also blocked bullets. In world shes a push over
I kill them all the time. They get in the way of gathering
You will be fine with horn. You lift bagpipes and bonk head. You spin the pipes and bonk many times. Then you bonk head and dance
What about temperature? Kelvin?
They exchanged a thousand punches in that single spin
And Cuz I please as I doot, so I doot as I please!
Assisted mounting. Bring protection.
&gt;Assisted mounting. Bring protection. Angry Dooter here. I agree, most of the time' it's the dual blades, long sword, and glaive running to the head. Rather than trying to cut the wings or tail.
What level of PTSD are we talking here? WW2 D-Day survivor? Vietnam? Or Soul Survivor of Nuclear Annihilation?
But if you rub out the top line, and bottom line of the B in Bonk. It makes Honk.
It was like this when World first launched. Partly because people think you get more rewards for cap, which is technically true (but not in the way you think). Partly because everyone needs to capture the monster anyways to unlock the additional missions like the arena's and shit. And partly because everyone is farming for parts, that they don't want to deal with the last 30% of the monster's HP. Especially when some of the monsters turn more than a few hunters into their dirty little mistress.
That's G rank for you. Though this time around, the monsters actually have some new behaviors to them, and sometimes a few new moves. People say it's to encourage clutch claw spam. But I wouldn't really say that's the case. You can fight the monsters without the clutch claw just fine. And the clear times are about the same as they were on G-Rank in generations.
Meh... I'd rather fight Tiamat from DnD as an Elder Dragon. 5 Heads, 5 different elements. Fuck your elemental resistance. Fuck your HP. Fuck your everything.
I don't think I've had much problems facing Namielle as a HH. Though I think that's more attributed for the fact that I counter doot, and evasive doot, than full doot. Meaning I use the movements of the HH to reposition out of attacks, or avoid them. If you know where the monster's hitbox's are, and how they aim, you can actually doot into them and avoid getting hit while hitting them. &amp;#x200B; I also made use of the challenger mantle to lure Namielle away from the pools of water if the area got too saturated. That's along side with just waiting for her to come to me when the water got a little too dense, but not enough to leave the area.
Taxed. If he sues, wins, and gains some amount of income. That income is taxable.
Did not know they behaved like mosses. I guess that means I can stop carrying around poison gas.
What happens if you put your head under it's head.
Those clippers have seen some use... it's having problems cutting.
Its not a problem when I get swinging. Its a problem when the monster leaves and they flail for another fifteen seconds
Horizontal speed can be isolated away from the equation. Assuming the boat is perfectly flat, it can be assumed it will not contribute to the impact. If he fell for 2.5s, he fell a whopping distance of 30.6m or about 100ft. His final velocity on impact is 24.5m/s or 54 mph. Essentially, he hit the fucking boat as hard as a car on a highway would hit him. Why? The sudden stop is equally as dangerous as sudden acceleration. What probably saved him from further harm, is that the boat's chassy is probably fiberglass or some sort of material with flex. It would be equally as unpleasant to hit the water at that speed if he were to belly flop.
Instinct. Humans have similar functions after they reach the point to process shit. You irratically flinch when something you didn't see brushes on you. You irratically flip out when a shadowy figure that you did not see before enters your view. You also know when a predator is a significant danger, without really realizing it - which is due to the colorations and visual signs. You tend to instinctively shy away from brightly colored - heavily contrasting creatures. You tend to shy away from creatures with natural camoflauge. And you tend to shy away from large creatures with forward facing eyes.
You have flinch free lv1 when you're performing. Though the trick is getting to perform. Which is also why you can power through some monster hits while performing.
It certainly looked painful enough for your fucking scrotum to shrink in on it's self .
[The face at the end reminds me of this.](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/384/767/b1c.jpg)
My blue dragon actually pulled this on the adventuring party. There was this huge build up. After months of red herrings, misinformation, redirection, and distractions. They finally figured out what the hell was going on and went to go deal with it. The quest reward was only 500g. And that was at the start. The Blue Dragon simply offered a strong magic item for the party to fuck off and forget about everything. The party had plenty of incentive to not fight. First it's a blue dragon with it's own lieutenants in an environment that greatly favors the blue. The likelyhood of anyone being able to touch the blue is extremely slim compared to the magic and damage it could bring to the table. And it was paying them to not fight, which was magnitudes higher than the quest payment.
Hangry kitten.
Not a crappy design. The molds makes it perfect for holding toppings. Like chocolate sauce :P
The way she says "Mother Fucker."
Only five minutes late
Give the cat a gun. It'll kill something. And scare off the rest of its victims
Not true there buddy. I'm also kinda sick of hearing "Counter Play" being thrown around... because it seems like people don't actually know what the hell it means. The original sneak attack was the Cursed Bullet by it's self. Yes, it was ublockable. But it was usually the worst option you had unless you were in point blank range, or you were just dealing with an asshole who stacked boons like a mother fucker (Something thief's can't do.) Firing it pretty much gives away where the thief is without revealing them. The projectile was slow and it did track. Key word here is slow. If there was a significant amount of distance, this bullet was easily avoided. You could also avoid it without dodging by slipping behind cover or simply cutting sharply to the side while moving towards it. The damage for it was pretty terrible. As the design for the bullet was to help the thief deal with the other classes and their bullshit boon stacking and insane access to blocks. It did also have a cool down by the way. Ever since HoT all thief stealth attacks have a cool down of 1sec. Preventing them from using their auto attack for that time, which is incredibly fucking frustrating to the thief when dealing with someone who has Regeneration or rapid barriers. **YES, the thief missing a stealth attack will be locked out from even the basic auto attack. Thank you Anet and your shenanigans.** Because of the limitations, and how difficult it is for thief to deal with an enemy's boons these days without the ability to stack their own. Thieves got creative with how they used Cursed Bullet. What Intermediate thieves often did with the cursed bullet was they fired it, waited for it to get near, then used Death's Judgement. Death's Judgement had a huge tell on it, and was often scary for people because they knew what it meant to get hit by it. They would often dodge the Death's Judgement, and then get hit by the cursed bullet in the brief time where you're vulnerable after a dodge roll. **That is the split second where you are stuck in place and cannot do anything. I think it's about a fifth of a second.** Or... the thief would trick them to dodge by using Death's judgement and then roll canceling it to stop it before it was fully casted. The other method was to use the Utility that knocked someone prone after a brief delay. So... no... the Cursed Bullet wasn't broken. The thief had to do more to than normal to even get value out of it. And people were just terrible if they complained about it. The rework made Death's Judgement the new sneak attack. Which forcefully reveals the thief. And still has the same damned delay, and giant beam that clearly marks someone is being targeted. Yet they still complain about it being unfair to get one shotted by something painfully noticeable. --- I should remind you that the thief's common tactic for fighting isn't really to stay in your face like every other class. They are forced to abuse the lulls built into the mechanics of the game. Which is why they have an instant shadow step, and why that shadow step allows them to chain an attack into it. Why they are forced to go in and out. And why they can deal well with glassy burst builds, but not prolonged fights.
Ah... yes. The days when we have to cut the tail off of rathalos and Rathian to get the pl8.
\&gt; Available same day as console version (Note: Future releases will be the same time as console version.) Doubt.
So you can flex on devil joh just before the slap.
....................................... What the flying fuck is an ideal Teo?!
Thats pretty much what it is when you play thief. The game isn't paying you any favors, so to win once you get to decent PvPers... You need to know the class you're up against, you need to know the mechanics of the game, the map and the various shadowstep ledges, and you generally need to be significantly better than the opposition because you have to do more work to come out on top.
Don't think you've played thief in PvP. The only 'powerful' move thief has is Backstab which has to be landed on a moving target with no assistance in the span of three seconds. The init system does not recharge as quickly as you think. And blowing it too quickly is essentially a death sentence to the thief. Because that is where the primary survivability and mobility of thief is placed. If they run out of init, they are dead. Most of your attacks have horrible init costs, making trickery necessary at all times, consuming one of the three build trees you have. Every time thief flocks to an unnerfed weapon, or a weapon that has the tools to deal with the current meta, anet nerfs that weapon for no fucking reason. And then you have the auto attack nerfs. Shich is "supposedly" only a 16% debuff. But is actually 22%. Why? The first two attacks of the auto chain were hit the hardest. The last night one was barely touched. But the problem is they expect a thief to be able to land the entire auto-attack chain in PvP. Given thief can't rotate skills like other classes, they basically did far more damage than just a single nerf
Most of my tieflings are Cajun. Because of the Red Man
The telegraphs are great... till he catches you in an animation and wombo combos you.
Those days were fucking annoying.
Choo choo. Here comes the Coal train baby!
Velkhana wants to know your location
Till you fight MR Fiablos series, and you're on point with sonic waves
Not to mention the utilities have far more value with randos than attack up on many fights. Not getting stunned is amazing
Judging by what serious handler does. You are the muscle, she handles reports, research, task keeping, etc on the field. An army receptionist basically
Sure... Sure. What ever you say
She wasn't there because she wasn't the one whos hunter said fuck it, Im gonna hit that thing with a doot stick. Nor was she even on the expedition to my knowledge. Handler pretty much fucked off when tjings were getting real with that ishvalda fight. And only came close when it was over.
Do not talk about Beotodus. That thing pisses me off to no end
Tree generation? Like data structures, or an actual tree
You're not trying to make the next frostbite. And thats the reason why people say don't bother. Most of the time when someone asks, they want to make an engine suite comparable to Unity or Unreal. Not make an engine specifically for their game which is different. Especially true when you do not need all the fluff in existing engines. Unity's performance problems and bugs comes from the poor design practice it forces. And Unreal has MASSIVE performance and sizes problems if the dev doesn't take time to carve out the unused code from the build. Not to mention there are some unmentioned limitations in unreal due to their optimizations. You may never touch it unless you are doing something most tripple As do not. I used to build my own for projects till I discovered the minimalist beauty that is Godot Engine.
You know... If you hold the snapshot button it saves a gif of the past few seconds
I didn't say hard. I said it just pisses me off to no end. Its a god damn annoying fish with no physical changes like Jyru and Lava
You'll probably hear about the tales of Dritz. I'm gonna tell you they are a bit overrated, and did not age well. And the only substantial lore they give you, is about the cruelity of Drow (which is well known), why the Drow kill violet eyed new borns, and Mithiril Hall (which is not much). Dritz is a bit of a mary sue. Not so much at the start of the series. But after a certain point, it becomes pretty unbearable fast. Some better series are "The Year of Rogue Dragons". Which gives you a very strong insight about the past of dragons, and ancient elven culture. And what the Dragon Cult actually did and was about compared to Rise of Tiamat. And it also gives you insight about the dragon rage. As well as the personalities of various dragons outside of the usual *evil laughter*. Both Chromatics and Metallics tend to turn into petulant children among each other when it comes to disputes. Going as far as to literally complain and start fights about someone who cut in line, or about not getting healing for minor injuries. And how dragons fight one another, which is akin to cats. It also gives you insights about what dragons actually fear. It also has one of the few characters whom I was genuinely sad about dying in fiction. You have the Brotherhood of the Griffon. Which gives you a look into the area around the Sea of Stars. As well as some details about Alaskarbombastos (A blue dracolich), and also Tchzaar (Ascended Red Dragon). And the blue fire. It also gives you a cool concept to start a campaign around griffon riding mercenaries. Or Xorvintaal, which is a game of thrones with dragons. The Tales of Water Deep series as well, such as the God Catcher. And the Brimstone Angels. If you do not mind teenage drama. This series explores demons, the hells, the abyss, and dragonborn. As well as the history of Tieflings. If you do not mind branching away from Toril. You have the dragon Lance sereis. The few I'd personally recommend is "The War of The Lance" and "The War of Darkness", as well as "The Doom Brigade." With the doom brigade being my favorite. The doom brigade is a serious comedic adventure of Draconian Army Engineers. Who stuck together after the collapse of the army of Tiamat. Largely trying to find meaning in life outside of drinking, as they don't have any hope of propagating their own species (All male). And if you don't mind expanding into Pathfinder. You have the Pathfinder Tales series. All of them are pretty good. But the lore for pathfinder is ungodly complex. So it'll be a tad difficult to follow in some places.
That may be a bit above you if you mean a dynamically shaped procedural tree. How experienced are you in programming, and math. And what sor of tree are we talking here.
Its a long series with two primary authors. When you get past the archaic writing style, its a great series up to the fifth age. Most of the books are separated by ages and characters. War of the Lance. War of Darkness. Age of Man. Dragond of Kyrnn, etc
Someone with the ability to summon, or to cast spiritual sword
A succubus is interested in the corruption of souls and their removal. Watch Runesmith's video about them. Long story short, they will likely use you as a pawn while under the command of the arch devil of Malbog
You bring full metal jackets for your side arm
How the fuck was this a fake bomb
Makes sense... Hes about my frame and theres no fucking way I can do 405. 200 with straining, sure.
This subreddit is for news, and discussions. I do not remember what the "LFH" subreddit is. But you might want to ask around on the GTA discord or stack exchange
Homework document with attrocities. What was on it? We talking ponies? Chocolate?
Cubemaps aren't slow. They are used heavily in games with reflective surfaces. Some games generate them on the spot. Others prebake a fuck load of them. You will be fine
Jesus Christ. Did your boyfriend's balls hop off and take a vacation? His voice rose to Michael Jackson levels
That fucking chonker is a kitten?
Duuuuuude. She looked like she came straight out of the ice age, wearing a mammoths pelt
Its a bitch ass world for snakes
If you have a free hand available, you can hold a potion in your hand, or any items you wish to use quickly. For those with bucklers this does not impeede their ability to use it. If a character has a prehensile tail that is capable of holding objects, that technically works as well. The use of a Mage hand can hold a potion, tough it still requires two actions. Given this is Pathfinder this is a pretty common trick in first edition. Just not widely used. Keep in mind this poses a risk that you may need to drop it on short notice. Finally, I should note that healing was never intended to be done in precarious situations, and has always been a risky, inefficient endeavor in Pathfinder. you were always intended to back off to recuperate, which gives your enemy a chance to punish the opening and vice versa. Or to be done when you get a brief moment of respite. And there are more means to reduce damage efficiently or to prevent yourself from being hit versus healing through it.
Run away. Mesmers are just stupid these days
A good deal of the People I DMed for are swapping to PF2E after I introduced them
Its going super sayain
A unicorn that reminds me of a crazy old man from tekken
Well. New Vegas was a completely different story. New Vegas only had about a single year from beginning to end when Obsidian was contracted. And was severely underbudgetted by Bethesda/Zenimax studios. With a bullshit promise of a bonus for reaching a meta critic score. Thats why the game pretty much looked the same as Fallout 3 with only a handful of new assets Mass battles is more about illusion than it actually happening in the players screen. If you've ever played the campaign of shooters like Killzone or the origional Call of Duties, and Medal of Honor you'll get the impression of a masdive battle. But the reality is that you're not really fighting all that much. Theres a lot of ambient explosions, chatter, clutter on your screen, rubble, and the need to constantly push up. In the horizon you can generally see theres a lot of shit going down, but not really. Fallout New Vegas failed to sell such an illusion for a number of reasons. A. The way the game is shown makes it difficult to believe theres a massive population to support a full war. Settlements are very small. Resources are heavily limited. And when traveling, you are alone for the most part. Houses are unused and abandoned. Massive sections of cities are not used for shelter. B. You are made to feel like you are directly in the fight on the front lines. But theres not a whole lot happening. And theres a lot of chatter happening when bone fuck nothing is going on.
Black cats are always beautiful. I love their sheen they have. They also tend to have longer fangs and the famed Vampire bite. Where they flail their head, show off their teeth. Then chomp
Where did this mini come from
No... Thief can't kill anything with a brain dead combo outside of PvE. Nor when hes playing like a piano master. A player deserves to get killed by a thief when it happens. Mesmers on the other hand....
Id rather be sucking something else if Steves a beef cake
Not awesome enough if the bird wants to snow board
Well... Bigger birds don't really flap their wings much. The fucking abatross moves its self by mostly gliding. And one bird souly flies on the power of hatred Then you got emus.
She's a wolf in mouse clothing. "AAAAAAAAAH"
Don't even need a beanie. Put a fucking be sticky note on his helmet
Never had a cat he clawed the leather couch. They were picky about what they clawed. One preferred scratching stone for some fucking reason. The other preferred plucking jeans
Harder done then said when equally skilled and facing down condi mes
Why did you get downvoted...
This got my ass laughing far harder than it should.
A whole lot of fuckin nope in that god
Do not under estimate the power of Bird Up
Just what I wanted when fighting AT Kirin. To be hit by his Panis after he humiliates me
Grappling
Just get a new armor for defense. I rocked Viper Kadochi for the entirety of Icebornes story. Most of the skills did not benefit me. I just liked looking like a black Russian
Fuck Beotodus. The god damn rhino beetle lookin ass fish keeps making my fat ass run up and down the map
Were you using part breaker?
The game telling you, you're about to get fucked
Sure.... If HH had more unique weapons.
There were Lso a few in previous games where they were duql element
The switch axe royal actually has a slit for the sword
Sorry Pub Lass. But I am in a relationship with a Rathian. Oh, a new quest? Fools Mate. Sounds interesting.
I git like... 1.2m right now. Maybe I should burn it
No. Not really. 2hrs got me up to nearl 300k
Long story short. Slot gems for Constitution and Hungerless. As well as gems to increase your gathering at nodes. Bring Hard Intimidator and Tip toe so most monsters won't fuck with you. Bring specimen to also get some bug corpses while you are there. Eat for the felyne skill to increase respawn speed. Route between the rotten vale and the coral environments. These two areas are extremely compact and have their bone and ore piles all condensed next to each other. Go back and forth. As your bar increases to Red the rate at which you get coal chunks worth 500 increases to the point where almost every hit gets you one. You will also get a metric fuck ton of mats for augments
Theres a guide somewhere on YouTube. Can't find the damned video anymore. I gave rough instructions on what I did, minus additional shit I tossed in i no longer needed
No troll. I don't have the assassin's mantle. Didn't know it was a thing. The raphinos aren't a problem. Just near the entrance to coral highlands is a beetle you can use to swing to the rotten vale and out. The rotten vale only has two areas to my knowledge where the nodes spawn. Give me some time and I'll get you a route.
Take it as you will man. Did you want the route or not. Anyways, I looked up what the mantle was. I'm on PC, it's not availiable to me
I'll need to grab it then. Here's a rough route. I use. https://pastebin.com/yYdfsVU4 The route is extremely compact. The spawns are always near the walls. And away from the aggro of the Raphinos, assuming the Hard Intimidator jewel does not stop them. With Vespoids, if you don't want to waste time killing them, and you don't have flinch free or para, you can use poison bombs, or brightmoss to get them away from you. I kill them because I need their parts anyways. Do not recheck the coral area outside of the loop like I do with the vale. The coral area has a higher chance of spawning bone piles from what I have noticed instead of ore. The rotten vale tends to spawn quickly, so rechecking it is worth while. Especially when the rates for ores are high.
Well, any palico works. They also get shit for you too :P
I see a few things here. &amp;#x200B; Are you making use of Linzi's Bardic Inspiration? It's a +1 to all attacks, damage, and saving throws. It doesn't sound like much, but it takes you a long ways fast. This is applied to all friendlies within 30ft of you. &amp;#x200B; Also, Pathfinder heavily punishes ranged users who fire while in melee. Or fire into melee. The penalty is -4. You can massively reduce their odds to hit while also gaining an opportunity of attack by engaging them in melee. It's the same concept with spell casters. Later into the game when you start getting a party, it's a good idea to get someone who can charge through or flank around to kill mages and archers. As they will eventually start getting feats where they pose a serious threat.
The range is pretty much your entire screen
I will pray to Fatalis for HB secret
Dwarf fighters have an advantage in the sense that they can cover behind furniture and avoid being hit by LOS shit.
Nah. Fatalis is likely to be Agitator Secret. Or something akin to berserking. The Black Dragon has a seething hatred for humans. So much so that the description of the armor in previous games threatened to take control of the wearer, or kill them with fright.
We can have other players in the home?
Tripple tornado to him activating one and blasting your ass to the sapphire star
Doot doot mother fucker HH main
MR Luna, you basically get one flash pod. And thats it. You no longer can force it afterwards
Its pretty solid for the horn user if he has Medicen, which increases all incoming healing. But health recovery extended is basically the best HH healing. If the dude is not playing like a dumbass he will rarely touch his potions
Wow... I did not know that there was actually a tight hitbox in this game. Im still getting launched by diablos for being in the same room as it
All of them
Not really. There are secret mo sters tied to each area
Dude. Just let it go. This back and forth has been going for twelve posts
Its the internet man. Gotta take shit and give it to survive here. Otherwise you'll be on reddit twelve posts deep in a pissing contest
Who the fuck were you hunting, gogmazios?
Right now. The greatest Jagras is the best farm for decos. Even if you get ones you won't use, you'll have a surplus for the elder melder
Yes. "Capture as large as possible" which is bet. The condition that wasn't met was "Angling for a Large Fish". Which... being there for twenty minutes... I'm guessing that's as large as it gets. Especially with the cat telling it on the mountains about his catch.
Acidic Glav is called the best for DPS (though it really isnt). It has one of the highest raws for HH, and attack up L without an affinity penalty. The All songs extended is good when you have other melodies. And knock back negate is worth miles. But the song is short, even while spamming extension. Be sure you have Horn Maestro 2 You need handicraft 5 to get purple sharpness which you will shit on without protective polish or masters touch. Horn isn't really designed to have a single best solution. You'll need to dick around with different horns. And the new move means the horn can take advantage of element and status.
Theres learning new weapons. And then theres learning how to kill yourself with said weapon. The Arena loadouts are HORRENDOUS. Im a HH main, and I look at their load outs like... Wtf is this shit. Why the fuck do I have a low raw horn, with Slugger 3 on a fucking monster whos head is not a god damn weak point. Oh gee wiz, its nice that I have 2 points of wide range. Really making me feel like a damn support weapon when you can't get more potions :D The one good thing in that kit were the knives. Three para. Takes all three to paralyze. Oh and the bombs
If you do, the heffer wasn't honoring it
Speed eatting is so good. Turns Mega potions into near instants. That, or mushroom mancer maxed for Mandrega shrooms which are max potions.
Misses the vitality. I would probably take the Banbaro Coil and legs for mushroom mancer 2/3 though. Quick access to cheap healing.
Turn the druid's obcession into a liability. If he's ignoring the fight going on, he's left pretty vulnerable if he left the party. Have him get accosted alone by the encounter's back up. Or make an enemy take advantage of that obcession to capture him. Usually a scare is enough to make it known that the world is dangerous and not sunshine and rainbows. Also, not all animals are at a disposition to be tamed. A druid is not "nature's ally" where all animals love them. Druids subject themselves to the pecking order of things. They can still suffer the consequences of crossing boundries other predators would avoid. Or by trying to feed a hunting animal that is not docile, and inadvertantly gravely insulting their pride. Therefore, they themselves are part of the cycle of life, and are not immune to the dangers of a tiger dropping out of a tree and tearing their throat out.
Well... I think the intent was to send you through hell
Wizard's strengths are no where near as obvious as they were in previous editions compared to 5e. In previous editions, the Wizard's primary power came from their versatility in their access to all arcane spells. As well as the ability to make scrolls, wands, and rods to supplement their ability to cast. So they'd put most of their combat magics into staffs, scrolls, wands, etc. And then they would load up on utility spells. In 5e, they really only have versatility and rapid growth at their disposal. But unlike sorceror they have far more spells to choose from, and they are very potent. The other useful feature of Wizards, is that they can get spells from other wizards they meet along their adventures. A slain wizard's spell book is pretty much a treasure trove. And there's nothing stopping a wizard from having more than one book (thus skipping the inscription cost). But they aren't able to make magic items and scrolls anymore (as that's not part of the 5e ruleset). Sorcerors in 5e gained exclusive access to meta-magic to give the ability to make the most out of the spells they do have. Sorcs are far better suited for combat than utility when compared to wizards. They can convert low level slots to higher levels. Or Higher levels into lower spell slots. the only real change to 5e sorcs compared to previous editions is their ability to convert slots.
Read the blog for Recast/Detour
take a look at the diety, Ogma (or however it's spelled.) Ogma is the patron diety of knowledge. The general rule of thumb with him is Knowledge is to be sought, not to be assumed. To assume is dangerous. And to desire to always be right is also dangerous. You're locking yourself to what you already know, and not what you do not.
A skrying pool... You enter the home of a blue dragon whos been controlling your entire f*ckinf lives as a group of adventurers. And you discovered that he has set off a side province for you if you swear your loyalty. You accept and check out the new digs. Basically the beginnings of a guild hall, a few workshops. And a special little pool of pure, water so still its a mirror. The dragon tasked you with finding some culprit responsible for some shit and gives you a personal effect of the man he wants hunted down. The dragon assumed that a group of adventurers whom were smart enough to eventually trace him down through layers of schemes, can figure out that dedicated room woth an expensive pool of water id a skrying pool. Especially when four of the six party members are spell casters and two are wizards. Fuck no... They decided to try and get a wolf hound to sniff the dude out.
For collective strength, I make it a total strength check. For lifting shit, typically I reduce the weight of the object and use the weakest characters as the weakest link
I don't know about that. I've been nearly two shotted by monsters with max vitality. Having something like 1 gem of stun resistance, or something that extends your immediately accessible pools of healing, or just speeding it up will go miles to keeping you from getting carted. Especially when Stun Resistance was buffed so heavily, that you might as well just have one gem on your build at all times. Because it went from the pitiful 20% reduction to 60% on the first, then 90% on the second gem. I'd rather not cart because of a BS chain of nose boops into a stun, then a curb stomp that kills you.
You are refunded.
Im not surprised. 4e never took off. It was so heavily rejected, that Pathfinder was created. Newer players shied away from it as you did not get any real control over your character creation. And battles got complicated fast
Some details will help
You can actually base the entire campaign in that city if you wanted. It largely depends on the shit the players get into. You can also start them off on the extreme end of the spectrum. Where they were part of a guild of researchers, etc. They started off with a tip about a recently discovered scrap of history in this land you've made. On their way to the site their boat was accosted by a Ddagon Turtle and was wrecked. You give the players some time to grab what they can off the boat. Money, weapons, armor, maps, etc. Give them a gime limit before they either escape on a dinghy or crash i to the side of rocks. They wake up on the shore at night and can see a port city about a days travel away. They need to make it through a goblin infested wood if they take the direct route. Or find the road and get accosted by guards fkr looking like a bunch of highwaymen. I've used a similar opening. Where the BBEG is an adult Blue whom orchestrated the party's arrival, and lead them all over the land to investigate. As well as deal with potential rivals. Ultimately, leading to the dragon eliminating potential rivals and threats to his operation, directing rhe party away from his own schemes. Eventually vasselizing them with a Geas. The party learned what the dragon was after, which is basically a wish. A very powerful wish that is said to be granted by the gods as the wisher desired. They tried to stop the blue dragon by attempting to work the loopholes kf the Geas... Only to make shit worse. Leading to a massive battle. The players royally fucked up. The dragon got his wish. A wish that can grabt immortality. Or shape the fabric of reality. Sate a blues desire for control and domination. What did the dragon wish for? The ability to commune with the dead. The dragon did a whole slew of acts of attrocities to speak with his mate beyond the veil of death. The blue eventually became a patron host of a PFS lodge in the area. The players were given an entire upper section to act as their base in that lodge.
I've gotten pretty experienced with explaining this to newer players whom are intimidated by the size of the book. As it's not immediately obvious that the rules are pretty simple from 100ft away. - Most of the time you are roleplaying your character in a fantasy world, and create stories either epic or humerous. Most of the time, when a DM asks you to roll for something, you roll a D20 and you add the bonus you have on your paper for that skill. Otherwise you roll some other die specifically for damage. Getting more advanced... you can do nearly anything that is physically possible with a human body. If you want to try and grab hold of a wyvern's stinger and jab him with it. Go for it. You want to try and suplex a dragon out of the sky, you can do it. You want to throw Mankind off the top of hell in a cell fifteen feet down into a table? Sure, why not.
Why? Those fucks will shit on your day
You can have one printed by thingiverse
Pretty much this here.
I want to say the effect is multiplied by four. Buuuut no. If you doot 121 times you doot 121 times
Encores are a separate doot. You also have your echo bubbles adding to buffs. But its bot u common for a horn to get 60 doots. Pre Icebourne, the highest number of doots I got was 109. Dooting is a large source of damage for you, and has your highest KO and Exhaustion values. But the true magic of the doot, is knowing when, where, and how to doot. Stand just in the crook of the monsters safe zine, the underhand back swing. The forward swing. The side swipe. Etc
Yes and no. All configurations of weapons have their advantages and disadvantages in pathfinder. Dual Weapons have the advantage in that they can have a variety in their damage spread. But you technically do not do more damage than a single weapon and shield. You have a better chance of hitting if you have Double Slice or Twin-Takedown however. Unless you are in a situation where you need different damage types, you are better off wielding a single weapon. Two handed weapons deal more damage in a single action than a single handed weapon. And have reach.
Two handed weapons put all of their damage into a single blow. Dual wielding spreads across two strikes. You have to miss twice with Dual wielding to get nothing done.
Flurry allows up to four strikes. But you are also forgetting that dual hands have skills to reduce the penalty of the second strike to -2 assuming the weapon is not agilr. Two hands still have greater damage potential. But they don't get as many chances and the suffer the sequential penalty
Why not name her Rogue? You also have Xia-Ling "Pronounced Souw Ling"
I've done some duels for players in the past against difficult foes. Duels I treat a tad differently. Since being able to go first, is a massive advantage. I've made use of a variable initiative system. The way it works is that after every round, inititiative is rerolled while taking into concideration of any dexterity penalties that have been applied. The reason for this, is in a duel you are constantly striving for an advantage over your opponenet, trying to take advantage of the lapse in their footwork, or distractions to their injuries. When the concern of combat is only 1v1 it tends to turn into a heated exchange fast. Especially when someone who went second the first round, and then first on the next. That six action economy becomes a hellish assault. The terrain also varies greatly from duel to duel. The official fencing line and dueling ring, which forces certain movements and distances. To terrain with varying heights, cover, and clutter like tables full of food and drink. Stairwells, buildings, and tight ropes.
Use the average of the Party level, which is Six. And Add 1, and that will be the CR you have to work with for an average challenge. and 2 for a difficult one. And 3 for deadly. 4 For epic (which is if you want to kill your players). If you have a CR of 7, this means the total of the encounter CR should be no higher than that. This does not mean anything for an entire dungeon however. Only for each engagement. You should also be very careful. As the CR does not take into concideration the action economy. 56 kobolds at once is almost certainly not a CR7 encounter. That's going to murder your players if the kobolds don't just swarm them blindly.
Ah. Sorry
Ah.. I remember the days when reviving someone placed extreme strain on the body, that they lose a level. And a Level 1 character could not be revived. I went further with it as a DM that Pharasma the lady of the grave in Pathfinder could place a claim on the soul and increase the cost. Making a PC death a plot device if they persue it further.
An expensive feat not readily available to clerics. And oftrn had to be performed in a church
5e's whole design is to keep it simple. You eat and drink the same amount of food and water. In previous editions, or pathfinder, The amount of food a creature consumes does vary between certain races and sizes of creatures. If you want to follow lore, they require less food, which they digest slowly based on climate. Them eatting too much would likely make them sluggish and prone to vomiting. Eatting too little is the same effect
I'll need to take a peek at some point.
The back of his head looks like the movie poster for Twister
The same view the monsters enjoy
Or maybe you are the palicos wingman
The monster that kicks my ass is Lunastra. But the monster that enrages me to no fucking end is Beotodus. The fucker laughs at you!
Missing the "FUCK. THIS. SHIT. WHOOP WHOOP!"
Add in that the players should hold onto the storm weapons. As they can be upgraded later. And may be needed
My "Mirror" is three feet shorter than I am ..
The fucking halberds
There was also a fly spell too!
No. But the rewards for the bonus chests aren't worth much. Especially if you're there for the achievement. You will have a much payout if you did something like ... One person starts the fight and afks it. Then the rest go do something for ten minutes. Like a quick mat farm run. Then come back. Then the next person takes their turn. We didn't even do that... One of us Opened Hulu and streamed anime for the team while we waited. The best quote Ive heard in one of the runs is "OMG, I literally have never been so excited to do nothing."
Bro. Give it a rest, or take that shit somewhere else. I don't know if you're trying to start shit, or what. As your last couple of posts have been anti-police rhetoric.
I mean... The main difference is someone threw a brick and ended up spiralling a peaceful protest out of fucking control. Everyone going "aw shit, here we go again." Reporters blatantly getting in the way for controversial shots when they got a zoom function on those cameras and choppers. Citizens looting and breaking shit when they don't have to, mobbing officers. Destroying property that isn't even the target of their ire. Cops hanging their foot in everyone's asses. All sides are at fault there... Both Cops and US citizens are fucky. But thats why I love the USA. We're all fucky people. But I am glad my parents are retired from the police force. I don't have to worry about them in 2020s shit storm.
We did try.............. Several times. But we keep forgetting to remove the memory battery. So nothing changes
Mark was always at the VAs hospital. Joke aside. Mark for me was always in areas I wanted to return to without dealing with cliffracers
My grandmas cat and dog had a similar relationship. The tuxedo cat would walk up to the big as german shepherds and start licking on his face and snout. The dog would growl and snarl and turn his head away to try and get away. It sounds bad. But the dog was a rumbly old man. He didn't bark. I don't think he knew how. He growled and snarled to talk. He wanted to greet you? Hed run up to you growling and plant his head into your belly. He wanted to go tk the vet because he got hurt. Hed run up to you growling and whining and jam the afflicted body part at you. I gotta tell you theres something funny about a dog he growls and bangs on your door. And promptly falls onto his ass and raises a hind leg at you with a whine. To let you know theres a big ass thorn in his paw. Can you get it out
I would definitely like to see Dragonkin make an appearance. So far we only know that they are on a separate world ruled by dragons. Chromatics are at war with one another and Metallics sit off to the side with popcorn to watch the shitshow
"Stop Lynching, black people." Hes making a joke about how that sign could be fucked.
The fuck js going on with Vacaville?
I tried finding the statistics because I wanted to find something cheerful for once on reddit this week. But for the most part they look more like cherry picked data. And aren't very inspiring. Blacks have 24% of the deaths according to a chart I found on google. Which is quite a bit higher than whites. At face value this means a lot. Except the data does not distinguish non-violent cases. Or cases that required the use of lethal force. And 30 percent blacks more than whites were unarmed (no solid numbers). They don't describe what armed is. Is it just the lack of a gun? Blacks have 13% of the US population. However... Blacks also has one of the highest crime rates by race. Interestingly, whites have the highest in homicides. This isn't because blacks are thieves. But a substantial population of them exists in low opportunity areas. Which does have a higher rate of crime. You could say that I am intentionally building a strawman out of the data. But thats the problem with statistics. Its too easy to claim something without relevant data that could lead to better judgement.
Pretty much this. I am the youngest of four brothers. And unless it was something they thought could get you seriously hurt, they were like "what ever... They will learn" and we did. Tied our bikes together and we were planning on riding down this big ass hill. I don't remember the thought process. But my dad saw this. And just walked back i side the house. We went down the hill... My brothers bike obviously being bigger, with multiple speeds... Was too fadt. Yanked the bike out from under me and I skidded on the asphalt on my face, hands, and chest. Ran up to the house crying my heart out. Dad already had alcohol, and bandaids out. He was watching by the window. He didn't yell or anything. Just asked "What happened" and "stop crying I can't understand you." Really reinforced the stupidity of the situation.
Both my parents are retired from the dallas police force. When she was still working, my mother had gotten a text from one of the officers she was in charge of. A SWAT officer had shot himself as he was hopping out of the van for a raid on an armed drug house. The rifle was a burst fire submachine gun loaded with 9mm hollow points. It was set up to shoot a burst of five or seven rounds. All rounds had gone down the side of his lef and shreded the meat right down to the bone of his kalf. The officer was on his feet and didn't refister what had happened. He was aiming towards the bouse expecting a shooter. He looked back to his squad who was staring at his leg dumb founded. I wish I had asked for the picture they showed. Me. It was a BAD sight. He was the only officer injured in that raid. Two suspects were seriously injured after firing weapons blindly towards the officers. The rest were arrested.
It was a spell in the beginning or boots. A guy figured out how to fly. But you get it off of his corpse with no signs of what haf killed him. The player was supposed to piece together that the guy killed himself because he hadn't actually tested the damn spell or boots. Despite the lethality of the spell. It was actually still very useful if you could figure out the problem about landing.
Mob mentality is a bitch. Depending on what it is, it may or may mot cause serious damage. But the problem isn't the damage it does. But hiw people will react. It really only takes a few people to turn a protest into a raving riot. Someone throws a firebomb, a brick through a window, hits someone, what ever it tends to create a rippling shockwave that grows in intensity. Someone panics and begins to act irratically. Other people start panicking, bumping into others. Who are confused and angry. And ao forth.
Trick question. They don't stay calm. But I guess they could calm themselves by thinking. "Were not going to fall any faster. We're already at the worst soeed in this comet"
I don't live in Houston. Im in Arlington. I don't know ehat the hell is going on over there outside of the news and whst my brother says... Which he hasn't answered his texts... So Im guessing he is busy.
Update.... No. No its not. He's hating life and tired as fuck. Shits still pretty real down there. And they have a tropical storm rolling in soon. A possiblity of a hurricane. Oh... And apparently Floyds body is being burried on tuesday. His body had been flying around the states.
If it's online... just make a minimum payment, similar to how people can setup their Gumroad.
I'm not going to pretend like I even remember the 3.5 builds. As I've almost never seen a character that hard cored multi-classed. If the sorc is a dragonblood line, and you don't mind trading off a few levels for something else. I would probably recommend grabbing bard. As it provides a few major benefits that can help. The performances (if they don't require concentration) are difficult for someone to stop. And as long as an ally hears it. they too get the benefits. If you're only investing in a single level, it's still a good investment. While the +1 might not be enough to matter. There's another reason to take it outside of the ability to cast spells in light armor without penalty, and the basic survivability spells. Dragonfire Inspiration. As long as you have the dragonblood subtype. Via Sorc, or Race, then you have access to this feat. Which adds a D6 elemental damage die to all weapon attacks for every +1 of your inspire courage. This scales far harder than most class abilities, as it also scales onto all allied weapons as well. Alternatively... outside of magic items, and bard morale buffs. The only thing you really can do to increase your odds of consistently landing hits which... a +22 will preeety much hit most things just fine... is to abuse the games other mechanics that is often forgotten about in min/maxing. A creature who's flat footed completely loses their dexterity bonus. And charging on a flank does grant the +2 bonus. Using spells like grease, which will force the foe to become flatfootted if they are inside it, and combined with something like Freedom of Movement, or a mount with a very high dex (or magic shoes that ignores terrain penalties). A similar effect can also be achieved with cheaper means by anything that would normally create difficult terrain. Caltrops. Maybe a barrel of grease that you have strapped to your mount. Maybe you have an item that messes up the terrain.
I'll respectfully disagree here. The issues you are pointing out are from players running the game away from the original balance design. Many players will spam the shit out of short and long rests, allowing them to always have spells up and almost never worry about resources. When you do run the game as intended, theres classes whom are genuinely more powerful than other players off paper. Meaning in practice. The base ranger being the weakest of all classes unless a game happens to be designed specifically around this. However, the way proficiency works in this game means it doesn't matter as any player can do a rangers RP role. Bard is in a very similar boat but for different reasons. The bard was designed with the expectation of Magical secrets. The result is in a spell list with extremely limited good choices and far more bad ones than questionable on a spontaneous caster. Followed by spells that essentially do the same thing. If you are a lore bard, not a problem. If you are anything else you basically feel like you jam your thumbs up your bum while you watch everyone else get cool toys sooner. Nevermind the class abilities barely making it onto a give of a damn list. The rogue is one of the more powerful classes with an absurd amount of survivability jammed into it at level 2. You would assume that a rogue would be bad on its own. But in truth he jolds up just fine. Then you got the weirdness in design that is the warlock... Wich really says quite a bit when people dip three levels into the class frequently.
Have you been arrested. Have you been associated with anyone prosecuted. Have you family members whom were police officers. Have you had informal interactions with a police officer. Have you ever said fuck the police. Have you ever been personally impacted by a police officer for better or worse. Do you understand what "Innocent till proven guilty Without a reasonable doubt" means? Not a lawyer. But I have been asked these questions in a joury duty notice
They sorta do. The people who run them are trained to spot irregularities in the readings. For example, they know what your equilibrium is, and trying to force results by squeezing your butt cheeks is noticable. More interestingly its not the lies that are damning but the periods between answers. Its kinda like going to the dentist office. And your blood pressure is high in the office because you are nervous because yhis mother fucker is about to drill your teeth for oil. But returns to normal when the office is left. The nervousness is always going to be there but they notice spikes or twitchyness on the graph that returns to normal when the topic is changed or questions slide away. Its not just catching your heart rate, but also potential body movements. This is usually what catches you when you're telling the truth in a fashion that can't incriminate you. Or you are purposely avoiding something. But when I say damning. Its not enough for them to incriminate you - and its almost never used in court. Its instead used to simply find out if you are hiding something or not being forthright.
&gt; If you have that many cops in the family and you still have a positive bias towards cops, you're a lost cause. You know its possible to see and hear the worst of anything and still have a positive bias. It usually means that the person either A. Wants to firmly believe there is good. Or B. Has seen enough of the other end. AKA different life experiences Its similar to why would a black person become an officer after hearing about pilice constantly shooting black people. But it's whatever. I'm mostly providing information from what I know, biases aside (I think anyways). I'm not trying to convince anyone of anything, as its an argument not worth having.
The mating of two condas
On the bright side. That was probably the first time you've reached a falsetto that beats Freddy Murcery
I have seen snakes on a plain... Does that count?
Wait... Did they release a trailer?
Ive seen UI thats far worse in WOW
Sure.
The word is "Ni"
If you don't feel comfortable with making your own... A Thousand Tiny deaths is a good one. It's a beginner low level campaign that is good to introduce players to the game. It's main focus is kobolds. Buuut, the kobolds aren't as scary in this adventure as they can really get in some other adventures. So there's that.
Not possible, unless the dragonborn or the human is polymorphed into the other. Nothing stopping the two from shagging I guess.
Only a little bit dead.
Kobold Gunslinger. but instead of a revolver. he dual wields mortars.
Generally... you can't without forcing it. If there's an object or a ritual involved in it. Then you have two options. you can give the object to the players and not give them any information, leaving it to them to piece things together. Or you can tell them. Keep in mind that a player will probably be smart enough to find a way around this issue. By say... forcing an NPC to sacrifice themselves, or using a familiar. The most genuine way to create a heroic sacrifice is to set it up for a player to take it. This is basically making it look like that a total party whipe is inevitable if nothing is done. And hope they bite the bait, but keep a backup plan.
Sure... if they can sing.
Goblins are XP on Legs. Kobolds are just the lovable underdogs you feel sorry for killing. Only to learn in a campaign that sticks to their lore fully... That a group of kobolds will absolutely clap your cheeks when they fight on their terms. There was an old campaign that I'll need to find the name of that introduced kobolds to a high level party, and somehow made them a god damn nightmare that had many close calls in TPKs. I think it was a Pathfinder campaign, who actually cannonized Tuckers Bolds into the racial lore.
That response time is faster than the shit in Payday 2
I was wondering about that...
Adding to what others said. The protests had devolved completely from racial issues to police brutality, with occasional spurts of anarchy with anfry protestors looking for trouble actively trying to intervine in legit police activity. There is a video of protestors PROTECTING the police while they are trying to make a legit arrest. And theres a video where people looked like they were about ready to mob officers arresting a black woman who tried to run an officer over in a blocked intersection for protestors. Civilians and officers are getting hurt and killed in these protests. A mix mash of Rioters swarming and attacking officers. Rioters attacking protestors. Roof koreans shooting looters. Civilians getting pegged in the face with flung bricks. Insane property damage. In short.... On the fifth day if Christmas, 2020 gave to me.
Agreed.... According to the news dtory, the interstate wasn't shut down in time for the protest ( i don't even know why the protest is on the fucking highway...) The problem then turns into a matter of visibility. Logically speaking a protest would never happen on a highway, especially on ones with barriers nearly five to six feet tall. At 70mph a 40ton tanker is not going to stop on a dime. To safely stop without destroying itself it needs nearly 1/4th of a mile at that speed or more depending on road conditions. If the tanker locked the wheels then the distance to stop would be much greater, the would also lose control
Wait. Hold up. The autopsy report says the death wasn't caused by strangulation. But underlying conditions. What the hell was going on in that mans body?
You still see them. Though many of them usually goes down because they generally spec for full dps but don't bring anything to assist in their own survival.
He was winning. I think. He wad winning something.
Eh its the same with dungeons back in 2014. They were out damaged, cleaved, utiled by everyone. The main reason they were in the party was because they could skip certain puzzles or do them faster than other specs. Not sure how that holds up now. As every class has access to some kinda mobility, that a warrior and mes can outrun thief on flat ground
I don't do the CMs as I already have the achievement tracks for them. So you're not likely to see me, and I generally don't care if someone is meta, or underperforming. I'm just there to get the dailies done and move on to other things
I don't have the Volatile magic. And I can't for the life of me remember where a good place to farm for that shit was.
Jesus... How much do you hate someone, that you hit them in the face with the gate crasher
Guy on the right looks like he spent his career getting punched in the face a lot
Don't know about documentation. But this is Me looking for an engine without strenuous bullshit. My main reason for switching to Godot is that theres FAR less that the engine is trying tk do, and you're not using. The extra shit in an engine does add on overhead. This includes graphical pipelines, excess engine features, and what have you. Not to mention cluttering the hell out of the Engine's UI. On top of that the editor is a really good example about how to build your own editor for your project to speed things up. It turns out that Godot is actually a library and the editor is simply a game.
Thata when you push your chest out and remind the bare you're from the hood. (( Hopefully the bear doesn't realize he's from the bigger hood))
What would they be selling then?
It was a constitutional arrest. The freedom of free speech is not the freedom from consequences when you ennact it. Do not read this as because she spoke up, she was arrested. The woman had actively decided to cross a line that she should not have. The police barricade. The police barricades are there to contain the assembly and keep them on their followed route the organizer has set up so its much easier to control damages, keep an eye out for looters. And overall protect the protestors from those who would do them harm (theres a number of cases where people have actively attacked members of these protests. She also admitted with her own words that she had intentionally baited the officers response, knowing full well what would happen between the National Guard and the Police. She "KNEW" she wasn't supposed to cross the line The first of which only having a minimum training for the situation. And is only there to respond to riots, or enacting curfew. This is just a case lf the police doing their jobs. And they hadn't given her any hands to declare brutality. And the image above was unfortunately taken out of context wjth a click baiting title.
According to a news article somewhere in this post, the woman was giving out flowers to the National Guard. Normally that would not provoke a police response. What is not seen in this picture, was that she had actively climbed over a police barricade to do this. She was arrested, but released after basically getting a slap on the wrist. She was interviewed shortly after rejoining the protest where she admitted that she did this on purpose to prove that rhe police were more aggressive than the national guard and violate her right of free speech. Despite the right not giving a pass for illicit and unlawful activities. I should also note, that she was not told to get on her knees. Nor was she approached by one of the big scarry looking mother fuckers in riot gear. TLDR, she purposely kicked a fucking beehive to prove she would get stung, to make a message that ahe shouldn't have been stung.
Fucking energizer bunny got places to be
Its.... Not.
If the "Nobody cares about your protest" wasn't there the context would be drastically different.
I mean, I am laughing at it.
How about this... I'd rather get the shit kicked out of me by Minneapolis police, than go to a chinese "education camp".
I never sold stuff for a rare weapon. I did run my forehead into a fught I shouldn't take for one repeatedly till I won
My whole problem with the project, is it seems like they are trying to make more money with absurd shit, rather than making the game. And each time I look at it, I don't see any real progress. I can understand selling a ship for 150 as an incentive to fund the game as part of the Kickstarter. But after the kickstarter and they are selling ships going up to a thousand, AND requiring you to buy an expensive pass for some things? Yeeaah. Not for me.
While you're at it... Put one between my eyes
So.... How the fuck did he get the entire cable in his bladder
Nope. Because that would mean nothing would get done. I am a lazy fuck. The only thing people need to do is just not trust what they see or hear till they look i to it themselves.
Over there
Not as bad as casually walking by, just to hear "WOLVES HUNT IN PACKS, ARISEN! TRUELY A TERRIFYING FOE" as the person who says it yoted the entire pack into the sky with a smash
How did you manage that rich blue?
What does that proverb mean?
You know the cop wants that fish
She said see you l8ter boy, he wasn't good enough for her.
Turf war at its finest
What in the fuck. Sweet jesus, god take this man's hands. I can understand a handful of else-ifs. But good fucking god, there's a big ass chain of else-ifs. The shit that would run first and skip those chains are close to f*cking bottom. The poor branch prediction probably took a look at this and said "i give up".
So... I had to look up what you were referring to. I'll be honest with you. The likelyhood that you will hit that level of extreme is very slim. If and else-if statements do have their places however. The primary function of these two codes is to test conditions to see if you need to run a section of code or just skip it. Else-if statements are particularly useful if you need to test for different unrelated things. The rabbit hole here IS NOT the else-ifs. But more of a lack of engineering knowledge. For example. From what I can see, in a single update function, I can see that each individual student needs to be checked against for an interaction. Which is ultimately unnecessary. The alternative to this is usually something along the lines of "Context Sensitivity" which is a product of event based programming. Where the calling function does not actually need to know anything about what you are interacting with. It only knows that something is there when it is called. The responsibility of what happens next falls to the called object. In this case the student body. You as a player say hello to the student, but do not continue processing. Instead the other student realizes that the event "isHailed" has been triggered, and runs that event. The result is code that only triggers when the user presses the interact key to trigger the event. It is infinitely scalable, and the code only ever runs when it needs to (without needless if checks against expensive Unity API calls.)
So... I gotta ask. Why is the NCs friendly fire rate so damn high?
It depends. There's too many factors that would provide a solid question. The skyrim method is not obsolete. Despite the engine being old, the methods used are not. The modularity system allows for various landscapes to be created by level designers very quickly while maintaining a specific structure for optimization. The scene can be further dressed up and have the monotomy broken up. A variation of the skyrim technique, and much older... are BSP styled construction. Which is you graybox the entire map first with BSP brushes (simple geometry). And then dress it up with textures, decals, and kitbashed meshes. This style of building generally makes it much easier to create outdoors and indoors environments. But it places far more work on the level designers, as now they have to actively maintain form factors for doors, cieling heights, architectural sense, etc. I personally prefer the BSP method. As while it places more work on me. It allows me to maintain a level of freedom that does not need to completely fit to a grid.
GO! GET TO THE NEW ROOM, NOOOAAAAW
Yeah. State machines can be a bit of a bastard. What we did to refactor that whole mess in our studio was similar to what I mentioned. We made coroutines out of various states we called actions - with locks. The actions are non-unique and made generic. They accept an input of data and will crunch it till completion. When a player or an actor interacts with a smart object, the object attaches an action to the actors logic with a packet of data. Which will continue till completion. For example if a player is running at speed, he can pick up a light item very quickly without stopping. In the action coroutine, it attaches the item to the players hand after a quick bob down to grab it. And then plays the animation through to stick it in his pocket. During that time, all interactions are disabled. The player is still able to move and vault over things. He just can't access boxes, open doors, or what ever till the coroutine is done. It sounds complicated. But it was designed like this largely for the need to support a shit load of actors on screen at once. So being able to simplify things as you write for AI makes life easier. The AI also needed to be able to do multiple things at once. The setup meant the AI code was pretty much just this. Compute desired goals. Navigate to pick up. Interact, move to cover. Smart Object applies cover coroutine. So now the AI plays a crouched animation. And moves along the side. To vault, The AI simply forms a path. And does the MobilityEvent to roll over cover and dash. For AI to move back to back while going down a street... It was actually just a smart object on a rail. The AI attached to it as they would a car. And the object would move at their walking speed while telling the AI to animate their legs. At certain points, they would hit additional smart objects to tell them to look at something.
Real talk. Did they hire the fucking Doom Slayer? I seriously hope this unit of a man sees this post
WHO THE FUCK THREW THAT BRICK?! THATS A 50 DKP MINUS BECAUSE YOU DID NOT KNOW WHAT THE FUCK YOU WERE DOING!
Me and my brothers did this as kids. The teick was to lean back and use something rigid
Its a reliable Van. Just needs some color to not look like... Well Im not getting into it. I have seen some people do cool shit with these things. From making it into a camper with wood floors and a lofted bed. To Making it into a mobile gaming station
I'd say lore bard... as while he can use a sword. He focuses more on spell work. The lore bard (not to mention being the more powerful of the bards in 5e) does have the Longsword and quarterstaff by default.
I mean. At that point, use the PF bard, which is broken as fuck in good hands.
Texan black guy. This is my experience. Most of the conservatives and liberals generally don't give much fucks about politics to lean into the far extremes of their political parties, which is how Texans maintain southern hospitality. Even then both sides do agree to certain elements on the other side. A huge amount of texas is bipartisan, but is simply Gerymandered to hell and back. Even then... You would also be surprised how many blacks are republicans (largely depending on their social/economical position) and still share some democratic ideology.
Highways have a naming pattern, designed around the idea of a lattice. And are split by two categories. Interstate and US-Highway. Interstate highways are typically limited to the state level. The naming system is pretty simple once you know how it works. Linear highways will have a name of one or two numbers. Even numbers are horizontally spanning roads with the lowest numbers being to the south and highest to the north of the state. Odd numbers are north-south roads, where the lowest numbers are in the west. Loops, like I-335 in texas are named by three digit numbers and one of the major highways that creates it. Reading the number, we can aee that this highways has i-35 connected to it, which is a north south road. If I come to it from i-75 I know that i-35 is to my west. I have an option of hopping onto the loop and taking the band around. Or using one of the horizontal roads westbound. Street names don't generally have a nomenclature. But they generally do have a noticable pattern. A city is often split into quadrants or a grid system. When you see something like E MLK Jr and W MLK Jr, this is because that street had past some sort of median that describes the quadrant or city. Finally just like in the UK, you're not actually expected to know all the streets. Like the body, you will know the major arteries, and navigate from there rather than the backroads. Ao usually you will get close enough to your destination, then navigate through unfamiliar territory.
No Pathfinder campaign is ever difficult with a competent bard in the party. Jack of all trades? Bullshit, master of the world.
You missed the point it seems.
No, that is a strawman. And while I made a joke about her protesting a barricade. That is pretty much what her actions translated into versus her intent. The boston tea party happened because of an active law that gave the East India Trade Company a legal monopoly on tea. That made tea cheaper than smuggled tea to force colonist to pay an import tax. What made this unfair was the colonies were made to pay these taxes without full citizenship rights. These people were proud to be britains. But they did not have the power to elect a representative among other basic rights their European hosts had. They threw the tea into the ocean to both protest the unfairness of the taxes, and to say fuck you. What this woman did is not close to this level. Her point, and I reiterate, was to show that the police will not tollerate even the most peaceful protest and that people can be defiant and survive.. The problem here is that the officers did their jobs. This was not them violating her rights. And this was not them brutalizing her. A protest of massive scale is not allowed to spawn out of the woodwork in the United States. This is known, but not well known. The protest has to be organized, and you need to contact the local police department ahead of time. The organizer needs to set a defined route and provide a multitude of information so the officers can work ahead of time to close down streets, and figure out the logistics of how many officers they need to station, and work to redirect traffic. At the same time, citizens are not allowed to pass a police barricade without a very pressing reason. So what was her intended protest? Accordingly she was protesting her civil rights. Which fine. Except, it is documented that your 2nd Amendment has limitations. One of which she probably did not fully understand. And one that is fairly enforced. And has been across multiple unrelated protests for years. Additionally. From what I can see, what had happened was a definition of a detainment. Not an arrest. The difference is that a detainment happens when even a functional citizen can tell something is wrong. When you are pulled over for a traffic violation such as speeding, that is a detainment. She is not allowed to leave while they figure out if there was a crime made and if charges are needed. Which there wasn't. She was released and rejoined the protest. So her rights still were not violated for her point. They even did her a favor by not even fining her.
That is also a strawman. Ok ... So let me ask you what is the unfair element about her circumstance and her message.
Still a strawman. There's a reason why a government body does this. People have the right to walk down the streets saying fuck the police. That is protected. Unfortunately people have the right to walk down the street saying white power. That is protected. You have the right to burn the American flag, as long as you purchased that flag. What the government does not protect however. Is violation of laws both federal and local. This prevents people from obstructing business. Claiming that rape and pillage is a form of protest (extreme but you get the point I hope) It does not protect Libel. So saying anything that is obviously not truthful is not protected. And anything involving solicitation (prostitution and vice) is not protected. I Incitement is not protected (promoting violence vocally) And so forth. Take a moment to Google the limitations.
I don't disagree with her message. I disagree with what she did to prove that message. We can already see that some PDs have kicked the shit out of peaceful protestors for no reason But yeah, the violation of the laws isn't the difference. But the ends.
She wanted to show she would be arrested for protesting peacefully. But to do it she violated a basic law which she knew would provoke a response. As I mentioned previously the first is not protected when you violated a law to do it. Its like the analogy I mentioned. She wanted to show she would be stung by bees for kicking a bee hive, when she believes she shouldn't have been stung. The kick prompted the response of the hives defenders - which is well known by the world as the consequence. The action contradicts the point she wanted to make. If she did not cross the barricade. And gave the national guard flowers. And was detained for it, her actions would meet the point. Instead of that... She basically goaded the officers whom were doing their job to look like assholes on a click baity news article. Throwing possibly good people under the bus as a sacrifice. Something that is counter productive to the protests as a hole. I don't personally disagree with the use of Civil Disobedience. Martin Luther, Rosa Parks, Ghandi, and many others proved that it works well when done right. But unfortunately with the way things works now. An officer can be body camed, and get kicked in the dick by her. She'd get arrested, and martyred as someone who did nothing wrong for her protest. Because the full story rarely ever is told.
Agreed. Just the accusation is enough to ruin someone's life.
Master hand and Crazy Hand
Cat.exe was stuck in an endless loop in Coroutine "Kill"
The Rise of Tiamat Campaign is an amazing campaign. It's a bit of an open world campaign, and generally the campaign will almost never be ran the same between tables and DMs. The Curse of Strahd is similar in design. But this campaign takes on a darkest dungeon feel compared to some of the other campaigns. Finally, there's Out of the Abyss, which despite the serious undertone, has a lot of whimsical moments.
My out of thr abyss campaign turned into this. We are a bizzare mixmash of prisoners trying to fumble our way out of the dark, and get the hell away from the elves of bondage gear. Each city we visited, we royally fucked over despite trying our hardest to do good (and no... They aren't supposed to be destroyed). Got out. Was asked to go back into the ubderdark with an army to drive demon gods back. My kobold said no and left the party. then somehow got into a f*cking forced wedding with a noble family. Said f*ck this and went back along with the rest of the party to try and escape it. (Actual dice roll during the downtime phase). Got sucked into the plane of ice and killed the ice demon lord... And accidentally released something far worse into the mortal plane. Nearly had a total party whipe. But my kobold bard and the human warlock survived. Oh yeah, and most of the party is in crippling debt. The DM was really confused about my character. He could understand why she said hell no to going back to fight literal demon lords. But he was baffled when the wedding turned into the kobold jumping out of the noble family's window. And hauling ass across miles back to the party. Because apparently she'd rather fight demon lords than be married to an elf. They aren't letting her go that easily by the way. They are chasing after her.
Wait till your party encounters the dragons. Holy shit the dragons in pathfinder are DISGUSTING. So... in 5e, and you will come to learn this... but the dragons can be a push over if they are outside of their lairs. And the "Legendary Actions" feels like complete bullshit. Because it just means that your mages forget about casting Suck or Saves, and just pummel it for the next hour with cantrips. Or the monster can simply attack you between turns... cuz fuck you. In Pathfinder... the dragons are absolute god damn nightmares outside of their lairs, and they are just as mean in Second Edition. READ THEIR STAT BLOCKS. Even when their CR is below the average party level. Worse yet, is when they are in their lairs. because the campaigns generally provide you with the creature's behaviors, tactics, and so forth. There was a god damn red Dragon in first edition that would forcefully split the party by pretending to be wounded and weaker than it really is. The way it did this was it made it's self much smaller so it looked like a Young Dragon, and not a f*cking adult. After sustaining some damage the dragon would "flee" towards a certain point. If the party chased, the dragon sprang his trap. He immediately enters his full size and bullrushes the party. Scatering them off a cliff, dealing massive fall damage and separating them all. At the same time. Kobolds come out of hiding and just begin laying down hell on the party with arrows and pots of burning oil. While the dragon methodically makes his selection and tries to take them out in bite sizes. All dragons of Pathfinder are spell casters. And more bizzarely, there's only three chromatic dragons whom are almost guranteed to fuck your shit up on sight (Red, White, and Black). Greens are scholars and heavily interested in self perfection. And Blues will simply manipulate you into slaying their enemies or make you go away. And if you get too close, they simply wait out your lives. and not all Metallics are excellent arbiters of good.
When i was doing the playtest with my table. The party reviewed the rules and just.... went nuts with it. I've seen wizards close their books and slap an orc across the face with it when they got too close, and shove them off cliffs. I've seen Barbarians Grab people and throw them over ledges. I've seen rogues taking high grounds for a juicy +1 bonus when someone is right next to them. Halflings kneel down behind a foe, for a fighter to just punt the foe over them, and cause a trip.
Kobolds are pretty scary despite being 1/4CR. They have hurried retreat. Which lets them immediately run away when somoene gets right next to them. And it's not 5ft like in 5e. It's a full f*cking 30ft of movement. Then they also got sneak attack. THEY ALL HAVE SNEAK ATTACK. And has a staggeringly high chance to hit a bastard.
Dooms: To beat the cyber demon, shoot it till it dies. There was one game in my memory that actually gave you useful tips. About the shit you were fighting. And god damnit, was some of it obscure
Ceiling cat was none too pleased
We already know bees like to wiggle wid-et
No. You don't have to go fast at all actually. When you do drops, if the distance is high enough, you will hit the crank or down tube before the back wheel can leave. What you need to do is to pop your front wheel up high enough before the drop to give the back wheel a chance. You only need to go fast enough to not bust your ass on the ledge (so basically any speed that is not a crawl) You don't actually have to even be able to do a wheely. You just need to be able to bounce that front wheel. Which most people can do. You want to always land on both wheels. The reason being is the bike will try to correct its self as long as both wheels are touching. If you land on one wheel, even for an instant, you run the risk of losing control and eating shit. You can also destroy a wheel if you land hard enough like that. From a mountain biker
White supremacists to a gay pride event.... Wat
"Hell I'd hit it," Duke Nukem
The only creature that can beat it with its compassion. Is the hatred of a hornet or magpie
Jesus... What the fuck is that edge job
You havd chosen death, the crows
Man fhat $35,000 dollar tan suit is looking something fly
I want to strangle my newer players everytime Mat Mercer is brought up. I am not Mat Mercer I won't be him.
I AM... THE LAW
Went full on Jojo already
God damn. That one on the bottom left is getting curb stomped
Not a problem. The main reason why I think people call lua_newthread Coroutine, is because you can yield. So technically it is a Coroutine. But no longer in the same context as if you were to create the Coroutine from inside lua. Which is where the misconception of only being able to have one coroutine running at a time comes from. By using the Lua debugger, you can actually concert the coroutines into a fiber that works on a process time scheduler. So after so many instructions, it forces a yield tk another fiber. Finally. You generally want to put in some work on the C side that allows you to avoid Lua calling its own Lock and Unlock API. The Lock and Unlock API lua has internally (these are empty #define the user must fill in) is called a fuckload of times. And usually any time you interact with the global table. This causes race conditions and drastically hurts performance. Because you are leaving Lua, to go into C, to the Os, and Kernal each time it is called. This is why I mentioned ways to work around the global table. Because it means that the responsibility of semaphors is taken out of Luas hands, and given to the programmer. Which if the programmer designs his threads or data access well, ylhe can completely circumvent the need of Lua to call its global Lock and Unlock. You will also need to take control of the garbage collection.
Looks more like a Galleon that put on weight, than a frigate. A frigtate is usually lower in profile with a bunch of guns, and is streamlined. Most of the decks would be below water. You could confuse it for a Sloop of War if it wasn't for the distinct design of sails. This is much closer to a Man-of-War. Which is just a big-ass ship with guns.
In my experience... do the pirate code for parley. Don't bring your own ship anywhere near theirs. And use a Dinghy or an Island to do shenaninganz. I've only started this week. But I've already lost trust in a huge chunk of the player base within the first four hours after being shown the ropes, by another ships helpful crew... and then shot in the face. So when I got a call for Parley from a Galleon. And landed on an Island. I noticed that there was only two players for a four man ship. Blasted them both with a barrel I hid in a bush. And returned to my ship to find that the other two were walking towards my ship with bombs (which was no where near the beach)
A fleeing ship just means they have far more to lose than to gain in that fight. Or are newer players and recognized very quickly its some guy with big dick energy and near pirate legend coming for them (out skilled) I've done both. If I don't have much loot, then I don't really have anything to lose and worst case scenario... I didn't waste my time. If I am fleeing. It's because I know I have extremely bad odds (out crewed, out gunned, low attrition value) and only an idiot refutes the cowards path. We're all pirates. We're going to do scummy shit. And why should I reward you for stealing my effort. If I don't have much loot, then I'll take that fight if I am in waters that favors me in the eyes of a Guns of Icarus player (Fighting in a storm, rocks, a volcano, or near an occupied fort. What ever eats a bigger fish alive.). If I have too much loot, then I am not going to bother with the fight and just try to evade and sell. ~~Or be a spiteful prick if they seriously want to chase me to the ass end of the world for over an hour after doing everything in my power to desuade them from chasing further via keg bombs, maneuvering, taking out sails dropping their anchor, and just go into the red sea. And take my bounty to the grave~~
Nope. Sloop is the fastest against the wind Second fastest acceleration. Brigandine is the fastest cross beam in rough waters (almost perpendicular to the wind, with the wind blowing against you.) They have the fastest acceleration. Galleon is the fastest with the wind to the back and the slowest against the wind. Hardest to control in storms. Sloop is extremely durable because of how it is incredibly easy for one person to manage. Its also very nimble. A Brigadine can bust some sloopish maneuvers with good sail management. The acceleration means it can run down a sloop or galleon that is not running a straight line or actively avoiding waves. A galleon has the worst slowdowns by rough waters and can't avoid them. For them to make hard turns, they need to drop the anchor. And spend an eternity raising it. If the center mast drops... From what I have noticed, they lose a massive amount of speed. Edit: Observations from only 15hrs in the game, but backed with research.
Its because of your forward velocity is being turned upwards. Which you need to think of it like a vector. Think of it like this. If you lay a pencil flat on your desk. The entire length would represent the magnitude of your speed. If you raise the pencil up by 45 degrees with the eraser as the pivot the length is your speed still, but not all of it is contributing to your forward velocity. If you draw a line from the eraser to where the pencil tip hovers over the table, that represents the magnitude of your forward velocity, and the one that matters the most. And its not just one wave that kills you. Its the fact that it adds up. You can reduce the penalty heavily by simply hitting the waves at angles instead of straight on. Rougher water undoubtedly gives smaller ships an advantage in this game. By spoiling the aim of the galleon. And slowing the galleon down a bit
Guys who type like this are usually glass joes in real life
This... Is pretty fucking accurate
What happens if you smile at a lioness
Sounds like a lovely fetish.
Don't they break it down case by case though? He initiated the retaliation. And was assaulted. He tried to flee. Circumstance is over. Two people begin to assault him, one with a weapon. He was placed into a case where he's clearly in danger. He does self defense to save his own life when the use of lethal force was present before he drew a gun Result is multiple people are charged.
I always wondered why protestors thinks it's not their fault when they stand in front of a fucking 2 Ton blue torpedo on wheels, and get ran over.
As a new player... of only 15hrs or so. I will say these things. The best experience you will get with these sort of live service games is to play with friends or a group with mics. And not a serious group... but a group that tends to fuck around. If you are expecting to enjoy the game solo, go somewhere else. PvP is a pretty big part of the game. And there's some elements that are complete bullshit in design. When you are trying to sell loot, you will inevitably run into a player who wants to steal your loot. You can run away. But unfortunately, it feels more like Rare is forcing you to stand your ground. Because there's no real way to outrun a player outside of them losing interest. And there's no such thing as a safe zone without bullshitting your way into an instanced area. Believe me when I say that a group of players will chase you to the ass end of the world for roughly 40mins or more.
Continueing.... The ship combat is fun, but it kinda just feels akward at times because getting boarded by one player is often times a death sentence. There really isn't a skill floor or cieling to the swordplay. The combo swipes seems to stun you in place, leaving you to just accept your fate and die. If they miss there's a delay before they can really do jack shit... so they die without doing some fucky shit to cancel the animations. If you block... just wait out their combo, and the split second they stop you can retaliate for free and kill them. Similar with the charge. If you miss the charge... you're dead... unless you do previously mentioned fucky shit. Blocking is barely functional at times. And they have a metroid style side hop... but fuck me if I can explain why you need to hit block - jump - and strafe at the same time. And there's no level of complexity to it. The Blunderbuss is busted as shit... where a pistol feels to be the most balanced range weapon. And The sniper deals only 70 damage (wtf)... So both the Pistol and the Sniper requires two shots while the blunder needs only one up close. Stranger yet, it feels like a pistol outranges the sniper. because the sniper has an akward scope. A projectile that feels slower than PS2 Vanu's bullet velocities. And... they have a max range where they just spontaneously loose all momentum and drop into the water like a limp dick. Despite the board and sword BS, the ship combat actually has quite a substantial amount of tactical play in it. Sloops are harder for larger ships to hit. The waves will spoil your aim, slow you down and make shit harder to turn. Fighting in Storms and Volcanic areas are incredibly fun, and the rare battle in the Red Sea is basically fighting on a knife's edge. But if you want to avoid the previously mentioned board and sword BS, then play something like Blackwake or Guns of Icarus. Since launce (The reviews I saw from angry joe) there is still only the three basic missions. Which is find treasure sell it to this guy. Find pigs/chickens/snakes... sell it to this woman. Find skulls... sell it to creepy lady. They did add Tales... which are basically story missions and neat dungeon dives. But they aren't really anything insane or noteworthy from what I have seen. There's basic events which are fun. The Fort of the Damned is basically something best left ignored. It has an amazing payout, but you are guranteed to have someone waiting to just fuck your world up and steal your hour of work. You have ghost ship infested waters, which are also fun. Megalodan... which feels kinda anti-climatic to fight. Unless you're fighting another player with it chomping on your ass. The Kraken is cool... the first time. As pesimistic as this all sounds. I am just being perfectly honest. If I wasn't playing this game with a group of close friends, I would have found this to be a waste of the 35 I spent for it on PC.
BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE! The community can be a bit weird at times. There's some genuinely cool players online. Even among the aggressive players. There's even roleplayers who will make you laugh your ass off. And you can have a good time among players. But there's also a lot of players that makes you want to up jump and rip your legs off. There's a level of hypocracy where they will curse you out for running away instead of fighting when you have loot. Quoting it's a PvP game... despite evading another player being a very strong element of a PvP centric game where you have a lot to lose. But it's perfectly ok when they do it. And you also have the typical toxic behavior where they try to purposely set you on full tilt by saying you're bad after killing you before you even had a chance to defend yourself while being outgunned, out manned, and out supplied. But I'm pretty much done. That was what my first 15hrs basically chalked up to in this game. Enjoy! Because 1 dollar for a month is a much better deal than what I got.
It's a optimization. The game was origionally designed for console, but no real improvements were made in concideration for PC, which has higher fidelity graphics settings. the blockyness is super low LOD, so it looks good on the horizon and at the distances you're origionally expected to see it. And how far away from the screen you were expected to be.
They probably changed it. I only got the game sunday and have the settings cranked up
Well... parts of this for me. While yes, the BLM movement is a major issue right now. And Inclusivity has became a cultural thing that has popped it's head up once again for the second time in the 2000s. But I personally prefer it if a company didn't get involved in any level of politics or social movements. The activity always seems like a reflexive/defensive stance to try and protect themselves. Because undoubtfully people will always assume that just because you are silent on a matter, or do not whole heartedly agree with them... you are on the worst side of humanity. And if it's not to deflect bad public attention from themselves... you have companies that tries to take advantage of the current culture (Blizzard/Activision is a big player in this bs) to make a bit more money by showing off how 'inclusive' they are for adding bland characters that looks like a certain subsection of humanity. Or spontaneously shoehorning details that don't fit into pre-existing characters.
No... Because at that point it would force ships to turn around and fight. Even if you limit the chase cannons to normal rounds only, and disallow players from launching themselves, it'd shift too much power into the persuier... when the Runner generally already has a reason to not even take the fight. If you want to chase the player, you should have to work for it, and decide whether or not you are wasting your time. Because chances are... you are going to run a player who genuinely doesn't want the fight into the red sea. And they will take their bounty to the grave with them - wasting everyone's time.
For me personally... I played Skys of Icarus and a lot of Guns of Icarus. Skys of Icarus was an airship game where the campaign was basically this. You are working for sky UPS, and people want the amazon packages you are delivering. And they are shooting you. You are the only one on that Sky UPS truck. So you are the only one repairing the ship, piloting it, manning the guns, and adjusting the power of your ships modules. And you barely get a break to do jack shit. Guns of Icarus was in a very similar boat. Where there was far more to do than you had crew members. So you learned how to multi-task very quickly. In a game like sea of thieves... all that tranfers very quickly.
Funny story.... We accidentally killed an entire crew doing our end of session ritual At the end of each session, my friends always blows up our ship to send it onto an eternal patrol of the sea. We stopped by a fort, not for the loot... But for the fortress bomb. We planted the bomb onto the ship and took high ground just to snipe it. Just after a shot was fired, we had noticed an anchored galleon hidden away and a dinghy near our ship. When the ship blew, we saw players go flying out of it.
I guess. Though some guys do look good bald.
Driver? Isn't that the passenger? The wheel of the filming car is on the left
And the smoke scales. And the pocket raptors when they cat
Don't take the PvP too seriously. The combat in this game isn't very Nuanced compared to other games. The simplicity, and some of the more annoying factors in the Personel to Personel combat in how everything works means that who ever lands the first blow is usually the winner. And it's not just because there's an advantage to having damage. But more so to the fact that missing places a delay in what you can do, with no real means of compensating. Blocking is nearly worthless - especially in out numbered fights. It's generally better to let the weapon hit open air instead of anything. Being hit seems to place a stun that allows a sword to just whack you down for free. Side to side movement isn't as quick as something like Quake. And there are no headshots. If anything... you'll want to crank up the sensitivity of your firearms (I don't remember if you can), as the ADS slowdown is more of a hinderance than a boon. Bunny hopping is generally only useful in melee - unless you are dealing with Xbox players. Generally for ranged weapons you want to quickscope to avoid the stupid penalty for aiming. Finally... positioning, which is pretty basic for these sorts of games. And you really don't actually have to think about them to be honest. The first one is Keep moving and always move in a fashion that only allows one player at most to target you at a time. The second one is to limit the opposing options of approach. Which is why you see a lot of boarders rush down to below decks. because there's only one possible way for you to approach. And you will probably get lit up by a blunder to the face with no strafing options Finally... just make sure you have an escape option. The ship combat is probably the most skill oriented one. But it eventually devolves into a boarding slog. When fighting other players... don't just blast into their ships. Fire into their cannons and kill the crew on deck. and then lay into the hull to sink them. What's going to happen is you will have something like one person on the helm, and one person down below trying to fix things. While who ever is left is dead. If they board you in this circumstance it's a huge risk for them, even if they drop your anchor and throw firebombs, because that's one other player they don't have while their ship is sinking and other crewmates are dead. Ship combat is very similar to Dog Fighting with aircraft. Being fast isn't always the best option. And being at full sails is not always a good idea depending on your ship. Generally... you want to be behind, or beside your enemy. And you want to avoid overshooting. If you overshoot, whats going to happen is the ship behind you is going to start "Jaunting" which is basically swirving left and right. This lets them get their cannons to bear on you quickly fire a few shots. And sweep to the other side to do it over and over again till you maneuver. And it's hard to recover from this predicament depending on what ship you have. Half mast or 3/4 mast is where you will find the balance between maneuverability and speed. For multiple masts, simply adjusting only a few is sometimes good enough rather than setting them all. A galleon's primary option at this point is to simply keep going straight. Untill they can find cover to guard their turn. Dropping anchor is getting them free damage and boarding rights. Not to mention a chance to knock out your sails. (If the center one drops you're fucked for a bit.) The Sloop and Brigantine can jaunt, and jibe (U-turn) easily. The latter requiring sail management. So keep that in mind. For galleons dealing with speedier ships. Slow down. And I mean it. Speed up to chase. But if you are exchanging, slow down, do not be afraid to stop. and do not be afraid to use your harpoons to latch them. The slower speed gives you better turns with the stupid thing without needing your anchors. Because most other players sail at full speeds, they will frequently over shoot you allowing you to fuck their worlds up. It's not because the turns are faster. But because your turns are tighter. The Galleon is forced to make wide turns while in motion, which is fatal as it means you don't get to put as many guns onto your foe as quickly. The tighter turn means that you can do something the others were not expecting. Like counter-steering. Which is you turning in the opposite direction they are going to give you a brief moment to fire and allow your hull to tank some blows in the brief moment they have your back. And are back to your other side again. Being defensive with a galleon would mean you need to put your Back or front to the enemey. It will prevent you from firing. But it makes you a harder target and gives you an easier area to strike. It also only puts your front or back sails in the most danger to being knocked down which is not where the bulk of your speed comes from. When you are ready to fight back, turn the ship onto the side. Don't be afraid toeat some damage, because the opposing side will eat shit quickly (especially if the helmsman gets his lazy ass off the wheel.) Keep in mind that your cannons are set higher, so they have better range, but cannot deal with enemies that are too close.
They stay away from Rata Novus because of the pocket raptors
The travel in groups was what they intensed and was genuinely fun. But holy shit navigating the tangled depths was a bitch
Four doesn't really force you into anything. The only thing it means is that certain avenues are locked out or are trickier to take. Given this is Laurian studios, and from what I have seen, you have a lot of options and solutions to a single problem. That being said. The rogue/burglar was only really necessary in 3.5 and Pathfinder 1E Because it was the only class that had the trap finding bonus. And that was primarily because traps would absolutely wreck your shit to such a degree, a Barbarian couldn't face tank it. The second reason was everyone was minmaxed to hell and needed a skill monkey. In 5e the only thing that would make a rogue necessary is the skill monkey aspect if you do not have a decent spread of skills. As traps aren't as lethal, and the rogue doesn't have a trap finding bonus. If you don't minmax, and use tactical options instead, you can get through most campaigns with any party make up. You can even do Curse of Strahd, with nothing but Bards (despite how shitty they are in 5e compared to older editions)
As much shit I hate in HoT... HoT was the best expansion in my opinion as well. It reminded me of the days when you finally hit level 80 and you were feeling powerful. Then you go into the Orr and get your shit kicked in. Then HoT came... You thought the new professions would be powerful. Till the first Mordrem Sniper bust you in your shit.
It was just an example of an extreme. But you also see the issue you mentioned with any party composition, only four armor types and you are bound to have two people overlap. As there are items benefitial to all classes.
On top of that... The police body cam showed the full scene. The woman tried to run over the officers because and quoting in her words "Yall were in my way". She also tried to make a scene by screaming out her rights were being violated (and touching her breast for some reason). The white officer tried to defuse the situation. And that lead up to this video here where she had the soul knocked out of her. Unfortunately the protestors did not see the entire scene and we're screaming at the officers
My opinion on this is "Fuck around and find out". Which doesn't just apply to assaulting police officers, but anyone regardless of sex. If you punch someone in the face ghere should be consequences. The black officer tried to restrain her, but she went in for a second blow. A lot of people don't realize this... But its a fuck load harder to grab someone, especially a thick one, and keep them from doing anything than people think. To me the black cop was in the right for knocking her down after she made the second blow. Because she basically proved she intended to keep going.
He was later found jacking bit in San diego
Funny story. I actually did something similar that was pretty much the entire campaign level 1 through 16. The daughter and father had a fight. The daughter walked intk kobold territory and presumably pissed the kobolds off badly enough to come and attack the city. The adventurers ended up following the kobolds to their Snarl, where they spent the entire campaign in a bizzare journey in a Kobolds home. With friendly and unfriendly tribes. All woth their own weird quirks and tactics. One of my favorite bits I did was introduced them to the shortcut to quickly go down multiple levels. Despite having the tech to make a lift for the entrance, the design of this shortcut exists because the lift has fallen under several years of deliberation between a spiral tunnel, and a proper lift. What they did is said fuck it. The shortcut is... You tie a rope onto your waist. And then the other end to a rock. You then just jump off a ledge and fall into darkness. There is a net you are supposed to hit, which catches you. But many kobolds often missed. The players jumped without any questions. Didn't even ask the kobold where they were supposed to jump. And ate 12d6s of damage each. They never made a way back up till half way through the campaign. Where they started using catapults. Which sometimes threw kobolds into the walls.
Oh it was a fun campaign. It was interesting trying to find ways to make kobolds more dangerous without bumping up their stats to match players. It was made for PF One of the results was the clearings. Which were kobolds with tower shields pikes and bows storming the tunnels in formations. The tower shield bolds had a teamwork feat called shield wall. Which made tower shields give full cover to everything behind them. They flash banged the place, collapsed tunnels and stormed in nearly killing a player several times their level. Another was based off the winged hussars. Kobolds mounted on basilisk and earth drakes. Basilisk only had one... The earth drakes had three. The basilisk had spears and crude flintlocks. The drakes had two spears and a long rifle braced on a shield. My favorite NPC was Lift. The first friendly kobold they met. His entire job was to make the lift that acted as the entry to the cave system go up and down. The players met him, and were confused. They came at him with the intentions to kill after dealing with a hostile patrol. Only to stop when he screamed friendly while cowering. He explained to them his job... And that it didn't differentiate between who or what goes down. He evsn let an owl bear ride in the past. The lift was designed for kobolds... And they did not look at the condition of this lift. It broke on the way down and fell st speed. It got jammed in a tunnel, allowing the players to hop off. They called for Lift to come with him... But he refused to leave his station (failed persuasion of 15). The lift fell to the bottom... And erupted in a huge explosion lf fire and splinters The players wondered why the fuck did a wooden lift explode. They found their way to the bottom and learned why. They found a sobbing Lilt surrounded by mushrooms and holding the smoldering remains of the lift he dutifully served on. When the party approached he screamed for them not to come any closer. One of the party members thought he didn't recognize him and stepped forwards anyways. He stepped on a mushroom. And was blown up
Basically. The Kobolds of Pathfinder have made Tuckers Kobolds cannonical to their behavior as of the lore book Kobolds of Golarion. There was also an official campaign where they introduced kobolds late into the campaign, around level 10-14, and made them genuinely scary. With that lore book, they also detailed a number of things that makes them genuinely scary for a bunch of underdogs. And gave them a personality that doesn't make them cowards, but guerilla and tactical fighters with a disturbing efficiency at killing shit And some of their specially crafted wonderous items... Like the first singularity grenade. A pebble that is thrown and creates a literal blackhole that pulls in earth and atone within 5-10ft and destroys it. It is also capable of collapsing tunnels. They also make use of irradiated materials in some of their weapons... Because the creatures are so petty... They are willing to die to make sure you die an accelerated death of cancer.. eventually. As for their coward behavior, its explained like this. A kobold is willing to die for its tribe. But why should I die if someone else can die for me? This behavior is encouraged as its a very strong survival characteristic, and shows signs of a strong intelligence among what their tribe deemed as fodder originally. But backed into a wall... All kobolds will eventually make a final stand and fight with the ferocity of a pissed off red dragon.
Can the kobold read common though?
Honestly, I just rock a Chain Shirt, a Long Sword, a few Javalins, and a shield, alo g with an instrument. I don't really rely on magic items until I really need it, as the bards spells and cantrips are extremely good. I spend a good deal of time at the front without issues.
He was warned... but if as a player you hate it... you'll scream at this one. One of the custom feats I made for the kobolds was called "Last Yap." A joke of "The last laugh". The rule was when ever the creature drops to zero or lower HP, and is still concious the creature can choose to pull out one of the grenades/pots/etc, move a fourth of it's stride, and detonate the item. In pathfinder, dropping to exactly zero HP does not render you unconcious. Think of it more as you dropping to your knees, and you're starting to fade, or on the cusp of entering shock. In that period you can do one strenuous action like attack will put you into the negatives and you start dying. If I remember correctly you can sort of limp to safety at zero, but you can't move very quickly. To be dead... your negative hit points must reach negative your con score. Each round you take 1 point of bleeding damage. And you roll a fortitude save to see if you stabilize, but you stay down till your HP is moved back up to 1. Coup-De-Grace is oftne called an instant kill... because melee blows are critical hits (PF uses multipliers) and you are forced to make a forittude save or die. This feat was rarely triggered without something like Undieing, which allowed you to fight while in the negatives. But the players often did enough damage to outright kill them. So they did not know the kobolds had this feat... until it happened. The Paladin managed to ram his sword through the gut of a Kobold and heaved its squirming form into the air. he tried to demoralize the rest of the Kobolds and sap their will to fight (so he didn't have to kill the rest as he began to grow a soft spot for them). The kobold who was coughing away his life's blood started to reach into a pouch and pulled out a jar. The kobolds who were watching out yapped out in Draconic "WITNESS!" The paladin... who understood this, turned to look at the kobold on his sword. Who was staring him dead in the eyes with a fearce hatred. Just as the kobold slammed the jar right onto his forehead. The jar had one of those exploding mushrooms. The Paladin dropped with -5 hitpoints... he had a 20 con... so he had about 15 rounds to bleed out before dying. The fight was resolved. And the paladin was fixed up. The second funny part of this story... was the party spent about a week to recupriate in a friendly tribe's tunnel system. One of the kobolds who works in the egg nursery saw that the pally was bored and asked if he would like to witness the Eggs hatch. The Pally said yes. And he was brought to the nursery to see the miracles of life described to him like it was animal planet. Just as he after offering a happy prayer to his god... the paladin's prayer was cut short as he watched in horror... when some kobolds who had hatched earlier rushed over to the newly hatched and ate it alive. "You run a workshop of horrors." Was what he said. Seeing another egg was about to hatch. he decided that he'll take that one with him on his journey. Which became his next character in a later campaign.
Donnie. Donnie Darko
Its a mother fucking bulldozer! D:
What was that protest even about?
So... basically it is the Watchmen. The police body cam videos from Tulsa are always interesting to watch. It's like a god damn action movie.
Oh... Right. It was when socialism became popular in colleges and highschools
When the product looks better from the side
Am I pergante?
As an American.... That sounds absolutely fucking disgusting. And we have shit lie fried butter
What the fuck makes a horse defective
Its not an actual trial. A lot of cases in America are often solved very quickly via Arbitration or equivalent. Essentially, you don't need a lawyer, and there is no Jury present. These sorts of cases are used to quickly solve typical civil disputes like defaults on an agreed contract. Formal trials are elevations where legality comes into serious question. Usually for unethical practices, loop holes in policies, gross misconduct. The issue wasn't that a Defective horse was sold. That was the buyer's responsibility to ensure the horse was functional before purchase. And the seller pretty much dodges any responsibility once its off their lot. This is mostly true for products sold as is, which includes used cars, animals, electronics, and so forth. The issue is that the woman who paid for the horse, only made one payment of 15, and refused to pay the rest. The more reasonable option is to simply resign the contract by returning the horse and accept the damages you took if they were not willing to reimburse. That being said... In shit like this you need to remember The devil you know is always better than the devil you don't.
Something that I honestly haven't seen all that often. And something that is usually knocked out of the sky when enough players run their foreheads against the things. But something that big... and is easily taken out by four Anti-tank mines... which a single infantry man can carry? That's kinda shit. You would hope that something that big and powerful would need a lot of firepower on the ground and sky to take it out.
I can see it now... he tries to defend himself with a blunt sword... to get shot fourty something times it'll take his overweight self to get to a guy with a Berreta 9mm.
Technically... any part that is concidered an attacking element counts. So... the claws of something like Rathalos does count. But yeah... Legiana is a bitch since it doesn't fight with claws. On the other hand... they could have made it where the insect glave is able to shotgun the kinsect through it's attacking moveset. Something to encourage the Kinsect to get close, like how Hunting Horn was back in Gen. (Where if the horn hits the monster, they got double notes, which either encored the current song, or the previous one.)
I have thousands of them too... but only because I am a doot stick main. And got good at timing the Sonic Waves song. This was just something I learned from older games. If only they made the things effective on other monsters like in Generations. Where monsters with sensitive hearing, and Lavasioth, Beotodus, and mud fish) were actually effected by it. If I remembered correctly, even Yian Garuga was bothered by it. Or maybe that was the off brand cousin.
I don't know what you mean by rotations. If you mean DPS Rotations, hunting horn does not really have one. HH is more about being able to hit the head consistently, not hit as fadt as possible. But I generally keep it queued up at least once, and I don't ever put my weapon away unless I sm not being targeted, or I am in dire straights. The trick is when Diablos starts digging. When enraged, diablos digs fast. So you play it when its head is in the ground. When low on stamina, it digs slowly, so you time it when its more than halfway under. As you get used to the timing, you can uproot the bitch from any distance into the perfect position to encore or impact dance it in the face
I just learned to wait for the grunt. Once they grunt, they commit. But half the time I don't bother. They all do this feinting bullshit. So I just swing and kill them when they swing
Nah... He found the the 2tones of coke in Itally, and let the wild bores go at it
I play with my cat like this too. I was never head butted though. He usually pins my arm
My dog had calloused feet since we got him as a stray and could stand on hot texan concrete without issue. What he hated standing in though... Was mud. He would tip toe his way over the crabgrass to avoid it.
Twilight Princess... You suffered a curse that made you into a wolf for most of the game. And when you could change willingly, you still had to use the wolf form for certain tasks and puzzles. For some additional trivia in case it pops up. In Link to the Past, Link was transformed into a pink rabbit any time he enters the dark world without a magic item to protect him. In the dark world, you are transformed to represent your heart and nature. Rabbits represent cleverness and devotion in Japan. That doesn't make any sense to me to be honest. I prefer to think that Link is genuinely afraid of the unexpected journey, but has the courage to overcome his fear. He is actually a child who picked up his injured uncles sword after wading through a fucking storm
Not quite. The songs still have their place in the war dance. The Echo Spin does not do KO damage. So its not the best option to chain a staggered knockdown into a KO knock down. The Echo Spin also plants you in place. So while it is your highest dps move, you can get hit out of it, or outright miss. So your standard songs actually have a place still when the monster is on its feet. You can dance out of the way while hitting it for KO and exhaust, and apply team wide buffs.
Well the trick is don't use a lot of water. Don't have the water running. And keep the water warm. With low water, the cat isn't likely to bolt or panic. After a while the cat will grow used to it. Do it to them as a kitten... And they might turn into this https://youtu.be/BsER78qhJeU
Its one of those things that still depends. The Recital/Encore still hits pretty damn hard. And the full encore is comparable to two echo spins I think. The echo spin is used more because you can squeeze in a third while you recover from the encore. It also stacks statuses very quickly, and abuses elemental damage. The Echowaves are a bit weird. They require setup, and speed runners generally don't rely on them because you will not always have a full stack. The full stack is what makes it worth it. The Impact Wave is your highest stun move. And absolutely dunks. Dragon Wave is different because it pops up on elemental horns... And isn't really boosted most of the time. Generally I don't care about speed running. So I generally monitor what I have, and whether or not I have time for a full echo spin, or just encore a song
I used to work at a movie theater. I don't blame her for not wanting to get hit by the popcorn. There's been a number of times where we had to reach into the machine because some dumb fuck wanted popcorn before it was ready. The popped kernal is hot when it comes flying out of the kettle. But if it just bounces off of you, it stings. What really gets you, is when the popped kernals carries oil. And that shit stays on you
Says you. Im going for them lungs
o7 F to pay respects to the Captains Wizzo
Usually the distance between studs is around 26 inches give or take. A cat isn't going to stay near the loud noises behind a wall. Fuck you if the cat fell between a stud and a power outlet though... As a power outlet is always on a stud.
Acrobatics +22... Jesus
Welcome to Pathfinder Battles. Home of the "THAT FUCKIN KOBOLD DID HOW MUCH?!" Anyways. The Challenge Rating in Pathfinder dictates the likelyhood of player death in a party, and not how easily a single person would dispatch the encounter. The threat for a single Grothlith to a level 1 party is moderate. Here's what the rules say about that. &gt; Moderate-threat encounters are a serious challenge to the characters, though unlikely to overpower them completely. Characters usually need to use sound tactics and manage their resources wisely to come out of a moderate-threat encounter ready to continue on and face a harder challenge without resting.
I guess I'll spread my butter with a saw.
By sending in a cat to finish the job.
Ethan Mars... Press X to "SHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUN" [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0t0uCWjQ6Og](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0t0uCWjQ6Og)
Not only that, but he came through for his brother again when he got poisoned by a highly toxic mushroom. Was told the only cure was in this random ass ruins, and was shown pictures of people getting mutilated for going through it. He hoped his little frightened ass on over there. And yet again in Brawl's Subspace emissary. The sad part? Nobody remember the poor guy's name. They even forget that he's Mario's Brother from time to time.
Im surprised the horse allowed him to touch it.
I think I had a stroke trying to figure this out
64, Only because its a multiple of eight
Why not do it Prey 2016 style? Get some sticky notes, and write not a mimic on them. Put them everywhere. Did that for a campaign. To fuck with the players. At some point, it became noticable that who ever left those hints had forgotten something. Mimics can mimic the not a mimic notes
Need to give it a stealth bonus. Plus a percentage to hit the wrong target for using its ability
Wait... What? Isn't Phaelto more about the soul and religion? And the Allegory of the Cave about thinking for yourself? Or escaping the veil of reality or some shit
BrachyDIO: ZA WARDO!
Adding this in. It's not always an error. But more of an early warning, or the driver telling you to get off his ass. I do this on the highway to let the person know behind me to back off - some shit is about to go down ala Texas highways in the rain. Though I usually tap it several times.
Do we really need Crawford, the guy who contradicts himself frequently on his own rules, to tell us this? As for Demons, Devils, Angels, and what have you. Their alignments cannot change, but that doesn't stop them from being heroes of some degree in a story. You have the brimstone angels series where the Devils had actually saved the Dragonborn's asses from an army of humans from Abir and demons. You got Rise of Tiamat where devils and I think demons will join your side to stop Tiamat (along with chromatic dragons). And Pathfinder with the crusades against the world wound, where the devils of hell had aligned with paladins of good to stop the demons. I mean... it's already established in DnD lore that the Devils needs the Mortal plane to prosper. And had mobilized against the invasive forces of the abyss to stop them. Oh... and there has been cases where the angels had royally fucked some shit up and fallen into villains.
Instructions unclear, Lightbulb moved into second floor.
Well.. he's read for Nuclear Fallout.
Desert delver is a big what the fuck. Dig up 10ft of dirt and kobe that shit 10ft away with one hand, in six seconds. Honestly... I'd be using that just to burry enemies
Adding to what Sutee said... Try to learn how to run the game without adapting an advantage and disadvantage system. Pathfinder is not a game with bounded accuracy in mind. If you look at some of the encounters, you will see this plane as day. Dragons for example requiring much more than hitting it with a stick. As for magical equipment enhancements applied at the level you are supposed to fight it, you only hace a 15 percent chance to hit it. Which shows you that Pathfinder was in fact intended for players to go balls to the walls in bigger fights. That being said, also understand that in 2E a +1 in this game is pretty fucking massive at all stages of the game. For example, a Bard's cantrip which gives +1 to attack rolls tk the party is doing this. Its treating the party as if they are a level stronger, and it gives their weapons a Keen effect because it is also effectively improving their critical threat range. --- Additionally... Your players are going to get hurt in fights. Badly. This is nothing new to Pathfinder. What you should keep in mind though, and you will figure this out, is that healing in Pathfinder was never intended to be done in battle. Or as frequently as it pops up in 5e. Healing spells are extremely inefficient, at least on their own. You also have the wound system which prevents the congaline of dropping and rising. Your party will naturally try to have a dedicated healer, and he will mot be able to keep up with the damage. Thats basic 5e mentality. Generally its better to mitigate the damage or avoid face tanking it in the first place. Theres also the problem of short resting. It does not exist. The closest is treat wounds which can only heal so much per hour. So that being said, it you feel your party is struggling this is pretty normal. What you can do is provide them with scarce medical supplies where it makes sense. Or give them a wand of cure wounds (they are incredibly cheap to make). You can also give them a rod or something. Edit: correction of errors. Further explanations.
Generally... If you have a PC, an Xbox, or a PS... You probably have a Nintendo product. I don't think I have ever heard of anyone saying Nintendo sucks or refusing to buy it
Nah... But Im just saying... While red boy over there is choreographing fire... Im gonna be yeeting 10ft of dirt onto my enemies and suffocating them to death
Wait. Who the fuck is ceres
Its a fair decision. I mean, if there has been no reports of sexual harassment since his hire, then why hurt your progress by removing him and his wirk from the project?
"Maidens of the spear" Far Derais Mai from wheel of time I take it?
You can use ladders on stairs safely. But not the way this guy was doing it. Ive done it plenty. Usually you want an adjustable ladder so you can adjust the two ends properly to the incline. They had a rigid ladder however. So they would have to make a boot to level out the steps for the ladder to be safe. They did not. Instead, it looks like they jammed one foot into an alcove.
Unless stated otherwise, it is largely your call. The general rule of thumb is yes. Paralyze for example, states that it sends an impulse into someone's mind threatening to freeze them in place. The save is will, which means they actively try to force the impulse away.
I generally do not make custom actions for players. As all of them are generally activities that can be broken down into actions anyways. If they are min-maxers, fine. Let them try to min-max their action economy, as it is generally flexible on its own - and frankly the use of the action economy is the spirit of 2e. The actions you have mentioned are all actions that can be taken by a player by default in basic rules. Reposition is an activity that can be done by a mixture of actions. The Grapple or Combat Grab(fighter feat). Shove. Move. Find Cover can be done by a player readying an action before combat starts. When a fight breaks out, I seek cover. This means that they can burn an action and a reaction to get to cover. The base of this is the Move( Action) and Prepare(Reaction). It's your call whether or not that effects their action pool for the first round. And yes, you are allowed to prepare a move. Your players could also figure out that they don't actually have to do any actions to the enemies either. If two players cannot reach an enemy in two movement actions. One player can try to shove the other forward up to 10ft using the basic shove rules. Stride after in the same action and shove him again, and again, giving the other player up to 30ft of free movement. That shoved player can then run forward with one extra action to punch a goblin in the face. &amp;#x200B; You can even try to shove a friendly into cover.
Its a bit memey
Cat.exe has run into a memory error at address 0x72668
It is 100. Sooo
Is it because that knight is vibe checking you?
Whats going on with the motorpol and mess hall?
I would say thats up to you. Personally, Id say no as you can't get an AoO on a creature who fell past you... Or can you
I like how everyone's expression in this is "Holup"
No. This is a gem. The modders going too far is putting a semi errect donger and balls on Kirin.
The seasons where they become more hateful than hitler. They will pick a fight with anything that comes within fifty meters of their nests.
Think of the camera guy who has to be underneath the sweaty balls and drippings
Situation A the rod will continuously accelerate till terminal velocity is reached. Situation B the rod is cut as portals are not allowed to be on moving surfaces. Situation C the rod will be cut on the creation of a new portal
This is a question better suited for r/gamedev or r/roguelike
Unfortunately, thats going to be a common occurrence. Most AI talks are done in C or pseudo code.
Ai in lua is possible.
By fuckin a shredder. If you break it, you win
Poor boy took a bad trip
Dad: We're not getting a cat Gets a cat anyways Dad:
Why does this cause anxiety in my heart
Isn't that the diagnosis
Do you play elite dangerous? That looks like a rendition from the games black holes.
A cats purr has theraputic effects to humans when it is heard
Wasn't he also the guy that did the Release on the no-bail crime bullshit? That lead to the same fucking guy committing crimes 50 times, and even robbed the same fucking store eight times without ever seeing an hour in jail Edit: This was Govenor Cuomo's doing
I agree... Descalation is quite like an argument. People rarely ever win an argument, and the only time people are persuaded is if they wanted to be. Unfortunately that is not always the case. In reality, you have people who intends to suicide by cop. People who think they can pull a fast one and win. People who blatantly disobey orders for twenty minutes straight. People who are drugged out of their mind and become superman. And the list goes on
Nanites, son
Thanks for the correction.
He did go to school, but then he went outside.
As a POC seeing my own race act like a bunch of idiots? I probably wouldn't give a shit if the civil services backed off and allowed this to look like the ending of McBeth.
Can we throw them into the ocean and let them become chinas problem?
Its a tad wet out there.
You can also just use F12 on steam
