Ah, that would explain it. Great job on him nonetheless, we needed this!
It came out in March, not "late" at all
But the servers are only in Japan. It'd be a shit experience
I mean the official release of Odyssey on switch
I don't crash with 8GB, same when I had my 970 before this
The dude you replied to said he was hyped then disappointed when he found out he couldn't play Odyssey officially on the switch. You said he could access the official version on a modded switch. I said it's not a good idea because the latency
I disagree. The only game I've ever bought on uPlay specifically was Siege. If I had to go through them for any other title I would pass on it I have steam open more often and it's more useful to have their games go through Steam than not for me
Before anyone asks, no, this won't take a noticeable amount of battery, maybe the single digits of minutes at most of screen on time
I remember hearing that it fulfills that "girl next door" appeal. Makes sense to some extent
Always makes for a good time. Back when PUBG mobile worked with it I honestly felt bad because the advantage was so absurd
What about the OnePlus 6T size? Not as big as the Note 9 but has a 3700mAh battery. That with their software optimization gets amazing results from what I've seen. On good days I get a rock solid 7h30m on my OP6, so a bigger battery could only be better
Or how about this: silly Fortnite emotes shouldn't be in a Halo game He said nothing about it being a bad game, but those emotes should stay in the game they're intended for
To a certain extent it's also because the game has changed. More mechanics, more variety, the addition of abilities. I used to be the guy who'd easily drop ~25k every game, since the sandbox was so predictable. In BO4 you need to adjust a lot with the whole operator thing. Using abilities and predicting usage of others will get you back up there. At that point it's a matter of if it's worth it to spend the time figuring it out
It wasn't developed in 13 years, it was developed in 2. The majority of the time between it's announcement and launch absolutely nothing got done
I hated my S8, so I left it for a OP6. Another friend of mine ditched his S9 for an XS
If you need to start with *"the only things that are pay to win are-"* then it's pay to win. Also "playable" is not the benchmark we should be striving for. The game *is* playable. Until you want more than 2 AK-74s in your stash with all the other shit you also need
Completely unfamiliar with the hacking scene though I do want to join in at some point soon. It looks like SX OS is the best CFW across the board. What's the catch other than the price? I've seen around the sub that other people recommend other CFWs. What the benefit to using them instead?
We've been promised the hideout since day 1. It's blatantly obvious they wouldn't add it in until as late as possible as to encourage people buying EoD. I fell for it. Many others fell for it. I'll believe it when I see it
Yeah can you not start spoiling shit
Girls are normal people chief. A cheesy joke can be funny enough to break the ice and get something going You're right that most the top posts here are just fucking with other people for karma, but this is way more tame
Do you want an award? Just skip the screen
Such a shame they didn't add her actual hairstyle
New software just came out to improve Keyboard and Mouse in the game. Someone else mentioned it in the thread, NAIOM I think?
I'm well aware she was designed to have some sex appeal, but that's not her purpose within his story. What he did was make an attractive character that would get attention online. This generated additional publicity for his game which tells an entertaining story with her as just one piece within an overarching narrative. Yeah, Taro is a total pervert (which is a known fact, I don't mean it to be offensive), but he knew not to reduce 2B to a sex object in his writing, the community did that for him.
And? That actually has meaning as it's a *fighting game*. This is something extra that depending on the person you may or may not like
When they didn't bother changing literally anything from Ark, animations and all, absolutely not
Bro don't play with my feelings like this
Far from happy. Everything they've ever known is gone. There's hope, but it's not happy.
Thanks for the anecdote. I'll definitely look into them once I get some money from the family come Christmas !
You say slowly, yet the top comment linked a source that said their PC player base jumped by 50% in a single year
Does their censorship only apply to nudity/sexual themes or does it include violence too?
Probably because people who bought an S8 don't suddenly need a new phone. The S10 will fare better
It's almost like if your pride is shoved up so far up your ass that you refuse to make your dead game F2P and rework aspects, you're gonna go out of business! It's so pathetic. I can't believe I supported this game
They aren't updates, that's uploading cloud saves
I don't get it
Listen, I wouldn't do it if it were easier to consume. I get to a crossroads where I want to know what's happening, but I also have to do so many random dumb quests to get to the best parts that I feel the need to skip dialogue to try and catch up
It contradicts your statement regardless. Rapid growth doesn't have to mean huge numbers
The map is going to be a shot ton bigger. They wanted thousands of players on a single land mass
If they cared that much it'd never hit early access and go straight to full release
This game's cast looks dope but the artstyle works against itself in so many occasions, not to mention the severe frame drops in the trailer making me think they just threw in every high end effect available in UE4 and hit "save"
Why shouldn't you use exFAT? seems like it'd be way more convenient (as someone who plans on entering the scene within the next few days. Any tips would be appreciated)
Fair enough. What about if I play a legit eShop game on the stock FW? For example, to play my legit copy of Smash online. Outside of Smash I don't care for online at all, and like I said getting banned is not a huge concern for me especially when other hacked switches can use the LAN feature to play together
Overwatch is probably your best bet. Lots of different ways to play, and as you go up the ladder you will play against some crazy good players that keep the game fresh. Decently long kill times provided the team is good at doing what they need to do Despite the kill times being pretty long for the most part, there can be a whole bunch of shit happening at once with various ultimates and such going off. It's important to read into them and counter accordingly I guess the most accurate way to describe overwatch is frantic action but with long enough kill times to be able to adapt as things get hectic
Things are starting to make sense for me. Network install sounds like something I'd use over drag and drop. Is it basically like Wii U USB helper but natively on the switch? Anyways, that begs the question. You make good points as to why there isn't a real benefit to exFAT, but that still leaves is it actually better to use FAT32? If they're both the same except one has the 4GB limit and the other does not, why wouldn't I? Even if it's the same that's a small bonus, even if I never end up using it.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but emuNAND is basically a CFW virtual machine right? Wouldn't that significantly decrease the number of possible traces left by the CFW? If that's the case is there any benefit to not doing that
Agreed. I watched it live and I got the experience just as much as the streamer did. If it were on PC I'd probably have played it on my own but it wasn't
I don't believe GRIS supports HDR
Except it's entirely subjective. I got that experience. I saw it and had it firsthand, while it happened live. I would not get anything extra out of seeing the same things happen but with the controller in my hands. And no, it doesn't apply to every game ever made, only to ones who's experiences are short and rely very little on user input. A game focused on actual gameplay mechanics will have far more longevity and depending on the person, such a significantly higher value for the dollar due to replayability. This is a neat game, but the fast majority of people who watch the whole thing on say Twitch, will not go out and buy it themselves, regardless of if you like that fact or not. Stop projecting.
Supposedly they only charge your G2A wallet. If your wallet is empty there is no charge
He means other people immediately consider him one
That'd be nice but you'd have to set separate finger prints for both which makes it way less seamless
Inflation and increasing costs to manufacture cause that. They aren't out to get you
Dude. Just move the setting all the way right. It's usually called Ultra. You're overcomplicating this
For those that only read the title and are losing their minds: It charges your G2A wallet $1 for being inactive for 6 months *If you don't put any money in your G2A wallet (which most people don't) you will not get charged off of any cards/PayPal. It's exclusive to your account funds.* Is this still stupid? Yes. Is it worth losing your head over being upset? Probably not. They aren't randomly taking shit from your bank account
I was not aware of this, thanks for letting me know
People look for every conceivable outlet to be outraged about G2A. I've seen it for years now, and it gets old quick. The easy solution is to... Just not use it. I've saved a few bucks on G2A, though I don't use them regularly. Ever since getting a stable job I haven't bothered unless the deal was just unbeatable. Threads about them aren't community discussions, it's just shit talk on every comment
Half the reason iPhones are so damn popular is because they're as simple as can be. There's a much bigger market for streamlined products than not
My whole point is whenever they see anything related to G2A it's overblown like hell. Be it stolen credit cards (which I have 0 doubt in my mind happens, and though the site enables those people, they aren't the only ones selling, just look at regional pricing) or "charging consumers money for not using them" when it's from their virtual wallet which I doubt even 5% of buyers make use of (keep in mind this wallet is for cash back on special offers. Big whoop, you lost $1 out of $3 you got off of a coupon code). You're just repeating information that has nothing to do with what I said. I didn't say "Stop posting G2A." What you even hoping to achieve with this comment?
Not to mention all of the character animations
Not to mention that if you're over-leveled you can't find the really cool easter egg in ending D. You kill the final boss faster than you can you can hack 4 times to achieve it
Their data collection is easily enough. How do you think they can maintain servers across the world with over a hundred million users?
If you request it you actually can get every single piece of day they've collected on you. You can do it from the client itself
You really underestimate how fuckin easy it is to add an FOV slider
That's absolutely not the case. Me and my friends have 8GB and run the game at 60fps or higher at almost all times
Use SMAA 1x. It's the only setting that won't blur the game
Windows 10
A lot of Americans don't know the implications that come with it
Vertical FOV works regardless of resolution or wide aspect ratio. They already have the UI for a slider since they already have sensitivity sliders This is something that can be implemented in less than a week easily, we've seen many other games put out a patch quickly or others where you can edit extremely easily via ini file, there's 0 excuse as to why Hunt shouldn't have a slider at this point. For me it's not a huge deal because I've gotten used to it, but the instant it's out I'm cranking it to 90 The most likely reason would be performance concerns
I last played today, everything on my computer is on a hard drive. No SSD here
You're forgetting content. The game is replayable as is, but to keep people other than diehards engaged in the long run, there needs to be a wealth of content, much more than we have now. For the long term we need more unique firearms, not just variations, more maps, and many more bosses that are more interesting to fight.
While I think that was hyperbole, it's true the game does absolutely nothing to hold your attention. You make your own entertainment through your travels. Depending on the person I wouldn't blame them for disliking it
Final Fantasy XV. The game was announced what? 12 years ago? I'm 18, learned about it when I was 8. The end product was not the same game as what was implied with the reveal. I ended up both hugely disappointed and satisfied weirdly enough. Versus XIII was the game that never came to be. The idea of it still pops in my head from time to time whenever I think about the FF franchise
Because no one a actually cares about the NDA and want to share their thoughts
A few weeks ago it was formally announced development has ended if memory serves me right
You could say by the time 2B dies she becomes carefree after leaving her responsibilities to A2
That's insanely ignorant
You're really stupid
Because it wasn't FFXV, it was FFXIII Versus. It only got renamed after XIV was released
No problem. Have fun bro
That is how that works. Literally everyone I know who's gotten into PC late was trash at first. The game sense is there, the aim is not
It makes sense being set in Japan on top of being made by a Japanese developer, but there's a point where simplicity trumps authenticity. I'm not interested in Nioh so it doesn't bother me, but if I were I think I'd rather have properly translated names, or better yet the option to do either
Smash will be a hell of a lot easier to do than BOTW with VR. I have a modded Switch, so I can freely overclock and *underclock* my console. In handheld mode the Switch runs at 307MHz. Lowering it to lower 200s actually kept 60fps on nearly every stage. I see no reason they'd need to downgrade the visuals when there's so much performance headroom Not to mention BotW is natively 30fps, while Smash is 60
She's my least favorite Zelda design. Twilight Princess and Skyward Sword have my favorites.
Everyone here is complaining but I'd be more shocked if there were no microtransactions at all. At the end of the day, it's Activision, and they want big money. If the dlc isn't as shit as BFV it'll be worth the trade
As someone who plays almost all games inverted when using a controller, it pisses me off so much when I see "invert Y-axis" only. Like what's the point if you're just gonna half ass it?
They are, but everyone's too lazy to implement something that would drastically increase quality of life on PC
Real tweet from a parody account. That should be obvious
I can fix it on my PC, sure. But I really only use a controller on fighting games / monster hunter which has good options. I still run into it all the time when I use my Switch for games like Xenoblade, LA Noire, FFXII, etc
Sauce? That sounds interesting
Yes it would. Wireless controllers all have a certain amount of latency. Even if you ignore the actual video streaming part, it's physically impossible not to have more latency running through a middle-man (the phone) VS connecting it directly to the PS4
That is admittedly way more work than it's worth. It would make more sense to try and fix the issues with the PC port rather than port it again with the original code
The profiling system did wonders for making the world feel lived in. Even knowing in the back of my head it's all just algorithms and RNG it added so much to the atmosphere and really sold the idea of personal information being easily accessed/manipulated
It's a twitch meme emote that has a distorted Pepe. It's mostly used as a roast
Everyone losing there minds over *ugh politics in MY vidya* but I'd love to see more games take this risky approach to setting. At the end of the day, it's a work of fiction
It will. With FAR I got consistent 100+fps on the whole game on my old 970, but I'd recommend sticking to the 60 cap if you've got a 60hz display, there's 2 or 3 game breaking bugs over the span of the 30 or so hours related to framerate
Except it does. If someone's favorite game is Nier Automata, why the hell wouldn't they mention it on a thread about Automata hitting 4 million sales?
You don't. There are references that give players a deeper understanding of the world and how it got to that point, but that's as far as it goes. In game logs found during crucial story moments vaguely explain important events of the old game so you don't miss out on that lore either. They give you just enough to piece together parts of what happened while leaving out the details. It keeps you on the edge of your seat with curiousity, it's done really well. The actual narrative in Automata is self contained however.
Bruh
The problem is shipping. Like I said, I leave Sunday so I can't rely on OnePlus's shipping to get here in just 1 day
So they can't unlock it at the store then and there? In that case it would be a paperweight until even after I'm back
The story was shockingly bad and by far the worse in the series. However the multiplayer was incredible imo. It kept the core pillars of Halo while introducing a more aggressive skill curve with it's new fast mechanics
Honestly the last chapter of XV made up for the dogshit few chapters before imo. I was emotionally attached to all the characters whereas in KH3 they felt like husks of their former selves because of their genuine lack of importance
Right but it's also worth noting the more successful the game the more profit they make per sale, and I have no doubt Cyberpunk will be one of the best selling SP PC games of all time if we wait long enough. Other devs dream for the amount of hype and reputation CDPR has
I'm a huge stickler for resolution since my brain hates anything not native/close to native res, so I really wish they just pushed down the visuals further for the sake of a sharper image. Hell, disable dynamic shadows for all care. As long as it's not hella blurry
It's not gonna happen since Minecraft is on openGL and it doesn't support RTX
I believe Minecraft Windows edition is DX11, but the Java edition is very unlikely to change That's honestly 90% of the reason the Windows version scales so much better with various hardware
To you. You really gonna bitch if someone makes a solid alternative to current methods of playing games? It's not like it'll be replaced
It was, it's being added
Wasn't a great port is an understatement
That has a grand total of 0 to do with what you've quoted, and that's an 18 year old source
Kinda surprised. It runs well enough these days. 70-80 fps maxed on my setup, and it'll only improve since they plan on adding DX12 support down the line to help with CPU utilization
They do. The bath is more for relaxation and rejuvenation than cleaning
This is where the entitlement comes in. Even if they took it back and said they'd add all Pokemon it would take time, and they're not gonna delay the game that long
If you genuinely think Microsoft gives Live subscription money to publishers for bolstering infrastructure then you're delusional
I did it using SXOS, since I used it before Kosmos I had it on hand
Yes you can absolutely be entitled on things you buy. It's about having expectations that aren't completely unreasonable. And no, if one person/group does something crazy that doesn't mean everyone else follows that as a standard
Yeah wtf all they did was embiggen the models and called it a day
VR would have been awesome :( I could kill for a sandbox game that immersive but in Vr
"he's mad he can't play what he spent money on. He could just spend money on something else to get what he already had, what a baby" Fixed that for you
You'll care when you actually use it
I'm shocked this trash reply was upvoted
Things have changed a *lot* since then
This isn't necessary. If you don't burn fuses the Switch can be downgraded from any firmware currently out
Pokemon is a completely different beast. This game is *way* more simplistic than Pokemon, even if their reasoning was bs this can't be used as an argument against it
You realize replayability has to do with how fun the game is after *replaying* it right? If the game isn't fun after beating it, it doesn't have good replayability. You're making a snarky comment that doesn't even make sense
30. Pretty unfortunate but it would likely take some significant downgrading to get it working with how the game is laid out
80% of BOTW's game world is empty expanse. The Witcher is way more complex on a scene by scene basis
Not bad but dull as fuck
Crunchyroll manga
Another OnePlus 6 owner here. It really should run better given it's simplicity. It could use optimizations specific to mobile to achieve 60fps.
Not even. The dude had a OnePlus 7 which is currently the highest specc'ed Android phone on the market. Not to mention an absurd 8GB of ram minimum
My mistake. But Portal isn't a great frame of reference. I owned an Nvidia Shield, played through all of portal myself and it was a mess in terms of performance. On today's hardware it would be fine, back then it was *bad*. You're absolutely right though. If a Switch can run Doom and Wolf 2, a Snapdragon 855 should be able to run a glorified board game at a rock solid 60 (or in your case 90) fps Semi related, I ordered the same phone but the 8GB variant just the other day. I'm super pumped to get it
Mate what? I've the same GPU and I consistently hover around 80fps, usually the higher end of it. Maybe this game isn't well multithreaded so my Ryzen could be the bottleneck
You overestimate the accuracy of the hitboxes. If I replicated this, assuming there was no latency issues shots 1 and 3 would've hit the head. 2nd was definitely a miss though
When I had my S8 all I wanted to do was flash stock Android on it. Couldn't do it since I had a Snapdragon model, so I cut it short and went to a OP6. Never had thoughts of using a custom rom since
If you're in a match yes. I tried the game out with a friend against bots, left my PC and continued playing on my phone in the same match. It's pick up and play
&gt;why it failed Yet it's the most successful mobile game?
I've had lots of convos in chat during a stalemate. But otherwise it never happens
I don't think the carrier version has it yet
Hey OP, I know I'm super late but someone from the XDA YouTube channel found a way to force 90HZ all the time via ADB command with a PC. As it stands right now the phone swaps to 60HZ whenever an app uses something I can't quite remember the name of. I'd look into it!
Probably because it's a game for lonely men. It's niche so they aren't gonna blow budget on the best voice actors. There are plenty of good ones in Japan.
Emulation means huge overhead on already weak specs compared to an average gaming PC
hi I want this game thank you 😀
The amount of blueballing with these cliffhangers is insane
That sounds super stupid
Probably because Nier was headed by Yoko Taro. He doesn't work for platinum
There's no way that would work. That's a generic IP
Animations feel stiff and janky, the big damage numbers aren't enough to give the feeling of impact, the lack of accuracy makes mechanical skill a non-factor Obviously, this is just my own opinion. I have a pretty wide taste in gunplay styles ranging from Destiny to Arma 3, but Borderlands really isn't for me.
If they had a hacker problem most good players wouldn't have the winrate/KD they have
Does this have crossplay with KB/M players? I love playing in VR while still playing with friends who don't have it
It's one thing if this was a mainstream game, but it's not. I see the same people all the time in Hunt. There's a small matchmaking pool so cheaters being a problem would be noticed from a mile away
Wait so 1.0 releases in August? We have a ways to go then. Will there be more improvements/content to come in 1.0 or are we gonna get a patch or two between or something along those lines?
Obviously anecdotal, but one of my friends won Cyberpunk 2077. He was in team Corgi
It looks like matte metal but there's 0 problem with that
Not exactly the case considering these were far less than stellar ports and 343 is trying to set a standard with Reach. Uncapped framerates, ultrawide support, proper raw input, etc
Unfortunately I think it's just an inconsistency with the lore.
Your best bet is to do it yourself/get someone you know can edit and do it. Shouldn't be the hardest thing in the world, get Halo 2 running on your PC and look at another player upclose, screen cap and crop the background out to edit later.
I just think the gold contrasts too much when it should be more clean and simple to match
I don't know about you, but if Trump was the exact same fucking guy but black everyone would despise him, even his current diehard supporters
When you consider that companies want good margins that's insanely expensive to add to production cost
What 4K assets?
This is a pretty sweeping generalization. Goats isn't super common at mid-tier ELO, but it's definitely there and it almost always works. But no one wants to play it because it's boring and requires comms. Everyone wants to be the insane solo carry DPS. Every single time someone has suggested Goats (I'm in mid diamond) we've done it, started making more callouts, and were almost guaranteed a win.
I think you misunderstand. Valve themselves are a new player in the VR space. At the end of the day the Vive was HTC with Valve working with them to ensure smooth support with Steam and to set a standard at the beginning of PCVR
Brilliant game. If you aren't afraid of a challenge this is one of the most satisfying and unique shooters on PC
It actually has around 3.7k right now But you don't need Fortnite active player base numbers for a game to have been worth it. Besides, making a multiplayer PvPvE sandbox like Hunt is a hell of a lot cheaper to produce than a cinematic single player campaign like they've done previously. They're also adding non-invasive microtransactions to support the game long term. I've already done my part buying a whopping 7 copies of the game to gift to friends, but I may support them further depending on the pricing and how good their legendary skins look in-game. Some pessimism on r/games isn't going to stop Hunt's passionate and loving community. We want this game to succeed, and it doesn't need to be a huge gaming phenomenon to do so.
When I say new player I mean exactly what you said here. This is *Valve's* VR headset, not a collaboration work. HTC still exists, and the Vive brand will move forward. So your wording that two titans are moving opposite directions is the wrong way of looking at it. The Vive is bigger than the Index by far because how long it's been out, and HTC will obviously want to keep their brand name big in the VR space going forward. Vive competes with the Rift, the Index is its own thing at the highest end a consumer can buy.
If it was *actually* using that much data your phone would be unusable. It's a visual bug
I'm shocked it's that bad for you. I came from a OnePlus 6 and this phone has had better battery life by far so far. My 6 averaged 6h30m daily
I run a minimum of half brightness during the day. In the mornings and at night is a different story
I'm not using a different operating system. Where did you get that from? OxygenOS is stock
A used Samsung Odyssey can be a steal
FFXIV is brilliant. Are you sure you just don't like MMOs?
If you mean what Magisk modules do I use, yes. I use Google Product Sans, Adaway and Emoji One
I've never ran into an issue with snapchat on my 6 or 7 Pro, I don't even use Magisk Hide. I wasn't aware this was an issue
I do not
Google Product Sans through Magisk
Couldn't have described it better myself
I was out of the house almost the entire day, but the rest of your comment is fair game
The latter is how I used my phone the day of these screencaps. Left the house almost as soon as I woke up, I was on the road most of the day on cellular data
1440p is very demanding. A game doesn't have to run on an RX 570 at those framerates to be considered well optimized. Hunt is a pretty game that asks for a good PC to get the most out of its visuals. Even on a 1080Ti that performance is extremely good considering the settings and resolution
There's an elo system. I consistently play against skilled players but it's because I can compete, so don't be too worried as long as you have some experience with shooters
Yes, there are multipliers on each part of the body
After the scheduler update I've not played a single game labeled as "playable" that didn't have consistently smooth performance
Consider me shocked that a niche platform selling porn doesn't have the infrastructure for proper customer support
You're expecting one of the most visually impressive multiplayer shooters to run locked 144fps?
Whether it's worth it or not is clearly subjective since a lot of people want to play it
It's more than likely a joke between friends
He's done therapy before, and has been on medications in the past. What do you suggest for treatment? As for my mother this is out of the picture. This is down to me. She's not a strong willed, independent woman for lack of a better phrase.
I'm not denying that there are some people that do this, but having grown up by my mom for 19 years, she's the polar opposite of a manipulative person. Until now she's never cried in front of me, though I know she's done so on her own in the past. It wasn't until I got older that she felt the need to start communicating the issues with the relationship
Thank you for this response. Another thing he told me last night was he felt that I "fucking hate him". I don't feel that way despite my frustrations with how he's developing now that I'm an adult. I would try and talk to him personally, but like I admitted in the post, he loses it when someone tries to say their piece, and I'm honestly scared. He's the same man who abused me as a kid, and while I know he doesn't have the same physical leverage over me know, my brain doesn't want to use logic like that when confronting him. That said, I'm going to have to do it at some point. I just need some time to process things. Hopefully by the end of today I can do so. Thank you for telling me your story and how you related. It helps knowing that there are others who've been in similar situations before.
I'm keeping it in the back of my mind if things escalate any further than they have. Until then, the plan is to contact a non emergency number like other comments have suggested
This is a possibility I didn't consider, thank you for the tip, I'll look into this now
This is a tough question. Honestly, I don't know. Maybe it would work if he was in the right headspace for it, clearly now is not the time
https://i.imgur.com/QJgKs1E.jpg This is how it ended after the updates to the post
https://i.imgur.com/QJgKs1E.jpg I tried, this is what happened
My brother came over after my dad drove off to god knows where and we're talking right now. He's gone and I've been told to keep my mouth shut, no more police etc. unless things go all the way to physical. Regardless I've lost faith in the police after how shit I was treated. It's hard to put into words how much it was a reality check, that unless someone is going to die that nothing matters to them. "Oh that's not a crime though. Listen, you're getting to emotional. You sound like you're just upset, let me handle it with your parents" and left in a rush I've never felt more humiliated in my life
I mean obviously it's exaggerated to look the best at all times but in side by sides with real life it's very clear they use real photos and videos for reference
Non emergency
Thanks for the kind words. I'll keep all this in mind for the future
I've been playing quite a bit on the 20v20 modes recently. Queues average around 5 to 10 seconds
I use a 1TB SSD for OS and a few games I play really often (OW, the new COD, Siege, FFXIV, etc) and 3TB between two HDDs that I alternative between for everything else
I think you overestimate them. Smartphone GPUs are powerful, yes. But they lack sustained performance and straight up couldn't get close to running console games we know of today, like RDR2 or Metro Exodus natively
Him recommending and using the OnePlus 7 Pro as his main phone for half a year = paid off
Assuming that's 1080p you'll be perfectly fine with your setup, every game that isn't poorly optimized will hit 1080p60 with ease At that point it seems a little overkill tbh
Yeah if he's playing with mouse and keyboard. Imo if using a controller the input lag is a lot harder to notice which makes the consistency vsync brings worth it
Ok boomer. This would seem shitty to every generation without the context
Boomer isn't an age group. It's a mindset. Clearly you fall under the category for going full on "yOuR gEnErATiON" on me.
Language changes. Check any social media platform. Boomer is someone who has the mindset. A baby boomer is from the generation You can't apply the same logic to other generations because the usage of the words hasn't changed. Welcome to language.
Chances are he's just used to adding on top of dishes. I'd say it's just unintentional and you should mention to him that it feels personal when he does that
I never overpromised a product where millions of people were expecting the next big thing due to my own bold faced lies
Sean Bean too. The movie kind of blows though
Most mobile games cap at 60hz or even lower. Black Desert mobile tops out at like 20fps
"because you've never had the opportunity to fuck up you can't blame someone for fucking up"
If you have a PC on the same network as the Shield, local file sharing is super convenient once it's set up. Just make sure you install a file browser APK via USB or you won't be able to access the transferred files in the first place
If by can you mean capable of, then every flagship smartphone from yesteryear. It's just that devs don't bother making mobile ports of high end games (for obvious reasons)
Assuming the post is in America, this wouldn't be a viable option. Just an ambulance transporting someone is insanely expensive
Maybe for laptops? Still faster than current Intel integrated GPUs right? That said, I'm pretty sure the newly announced Ryzen laptop CPU shits all over this
There are quite a few good gaming laptops though. My friend got one as an entry to PC gaming in time for college and he still uses it all the time with no issue. It was pricy at 1.4k, but it's 144hz, 8th gen i7, GTX 1080, 16GB of ram with an SSD. More than enough for 1080p gaming and will be even into the next console generation given the high end models are targeting 4K
I feel like gaming addiction is typically caused by depression. If there's nothing else worth working toward in life it makes sense to just use interactive entertainment all day
I've played with quite a few streamers during betas. I frequently played with 5 stacks of streamers in the R6 Siege alpha (Lirik, Summit1G iirc). Good times, it was one of the last games I played on my old Radeon HD 7850. I also played Overwatch with NoahJ, who was a popular CoD YouTuber turned PC gamer at the time. I didn't know of him but my friend was freaking out. But my favorite is fighting Ninja and his streamer squad in the CoD Blackout beta. One of them sniped my friend from the top of the construction complex, and he loves to talk shit about people's usernames when he gets frustrated. Naturally, he saw it was a streamer, checked the stream to verify, and we all were like "oh shit, let's take them on" We went over there and we had a crazy shootout. I downed Ninja, the 3 others ran back quite a bit and I didn't want them to sneak around and revive him so I killed him. He yelled "Oh my God what a loser" when I finished him and we ended up clipping it and leaving it as a pinned message in my discord server, as a memory to when Ninja called me a loser for beating him in a one on one firefight. We ended up beating their whole squad and eventually won the match :)
That's awesome. I've always wanted to name one of my kids after a videogame character I always looked up to but thought it was weird. Maybe since Robin had the courage I might too. Gotta keep it fairly low key though lol
They're legit. Just many here (including myself) don't want to support their business practices. In the end it's up to you whether these things bother you enough to avoid buying from them.
Is it like this on all Android 10 gestures? On OnePlus there's an option to hide the bar itself so the content takes the whole screen
On OLED phones this is a non-issue
EVGA. They make PC parts. Super reliable and have brilliant customer service even if you do the fuck up. Sold my old graphics card to a friend who was building his own PC, it died on him suddenly a week later. We didn't know why, but we contacted support and they gave him the newest generation equivalent that was more powerful than the one I gave to him by a solid margin, no questions asked, free of charge. I also bought an EVGA Nu Audio card recently. Pretty sure I fucked it up. Explained to support and they're offering to replace it for free as long as I ship mine back to them.
I would literally fuck spongebob
Depends on how you look at it. When I started gaming on PC, ports we're almost universally shit (before the start of the current console generation) in some way or another. Installing a patch in 30 seconds didn't bother me and it ended up being my favorite game to date. If you want to stick with your values of not supporting a buggy product, I respect that. On paper it's shitty. In practice it's a total non issue if all you want to do is enjoy one of the best games of 2017
They didn't mention the high framerate issues at all. Come on man, Reach is the only game I've ever played where 144fps felt like shit. This was one of the selling points of the PC version of MCC
I respect that brother
1000ms per second 60 frames per second That means a new frame ever 16.6ms right? In a perfect world, yes. But not always. One could be 7ms after, the next could be 23ms, to use an extreme example If a 60hz monitor refreshes at a consistent rate of every 16.6ms, then this causes screen tearing by forcing a part of the next frame in along with a noticeable juddery feeling TLDR: not all 60fps is created equal
TLDR current 8K Samsung displays suck so LG formed an official spec that doesn't sacrifice sharpness. Otherwise, what's the point of 8K right? But Samsung plans to rectify it's 8K downfalls and in a year or two basically every 8K display will have similar sharpness in practice
Can someone explain why there's so much anti-oneplus shit in this subreddit? They put out objectively good hardware with objectively good software.
Most games run on DirectX11 currently, which is a graphics API developed and made standard by Microsoft. Vulkan is a newer API made as an open standard competitor to the new but less frequently used DirectX12. TLDR, it allows for inherently better performance, especially on the CPU side. It was previously available on test server and it gave anywhere from 15 to 30 fps more than my framerates on DirectX11. This only matters for PC players
This is a stupid point. If you don't have a gaming PC you probably don't care much about PCVR games
If you can own a console, a few games and a PS+/Xbox Live sub, you can afford a [reasonably powerful gaming PC](https://pcpartpicker.com/list/jMKprV)
That's why the Quest exists. Gives a fairly comparable experience that's convenient and far more affordable to people who are traditionally not gamers
If they care that much they'll put money towards it. That's the point of capitalism
Games that have that are either old as hell or have very in depth mod tools which this game doesn't have. It will never happen
Literally the main character vs 1 side character and extras, not comparable at all
She's so refreshingly blunt and human. There's videos of her having fun with normal citizens and dancing in her office, but she also calls shit where she sees it in the political space. Like with her "it's easy to be a bad guy" speech, citing how it's perfectly legal to be funded and influenced by corporations as a politician.. I hope she builds her career and eventually runs for president.
Unions only exist due to politics, you realize that right?
A co-op survival mode like the older CoD games would fit perfectly in hunt
The original form of Hunt was a generic as fuck left for dead clone. And if it was just a "cash grab BR" they wouldn't have put so much effort into map design, monsters and lore.
If it goes high enough it changes automatically
I didn't see an option to buy from their site but I could be blind. I ended up pulling the trigger from Amazon and it comes in tomorrow. Really excited to use my first "high end"mousepad. Currently I have a 3ish year old Overwatch Razer mousepad and it has so little friction that hitting flicks is noticeably difficult. It's so easy for the mouse to slide that tiny bit too far
You didn't have to, it was a bonus that you could skip. If cross play will exist, I hope it includes PC though. Since the game uses a hidden skill based matchmaking system it shouldn't cause any real problems
There's a large performance gap between 1st and 3rd gen Ryzen CPUs. Which do you have? On my 1700 I was bottlenecked at 1080p, but now I get a GPU bottleneck at 1440
You act like the Winnie was hard to get headshots with in the past
Just like when SpongeBob went to live with the jellyfish We all know how that one ended
OP is literally karma farming
There's basically no reason to buy a Vive in 2020. The controllers are leagues behind everyone else's and they use lighthouse based tracking. Anyone who's used a Rift S can tell you Oculus's inside out tracking is basically perfect, making the experience much more convenient
The sound is totally broken compared to how it's supposed to sound, and framerates above 60fps are fucked. EDIT: ignorance is bliss
Tell that to Modern Warfare
I stopped playing because of the atrocious audio and broken high framerate implementation. When those get fixed I'll go back.
The graphics from the tease look really good. Anyone know which cast of characters this game features? I'm not familiar with any of the games and Cinderella Girls had my favorite cast
"life pro tip". It's become a common abbreviation on Reddit because of r/lifeprotips
You realize this ultimately doesn't matter if the SBMM implementation is good right? If a controller player has shit stats (even if it's literally due to the controller itself being poorly supported in Hunt), that just means they'll have a lower rank and thus won't play with PC players.
Thanks for the heads up. That's a shame. Not a big fan of the 3 revealed for CG
Buttgieg is textbook politician. He seems more like a robot speaking decent talking points. Obama felt far more human.
Lmao Trump is not the "best we got". What a load of shit
If you, you know, watched the video you would find that this has been addressed. They've added more engaging puzzles, new more in depth platforming sections, a hub space between levels etc to break up the nonstop gunning.
The 970 will be fine, just look at upgrading your CPU before getting into Cyberpunk. I have a strong feeling it'll be very demanding on the processor
That's a terrible comparison. We're talking about value in 2020, not when taking into account release price because ultimately that doesn't matter to any consumer
So another non-answer?
Most, but not all. Like the Atlas repair demo didn't have locomotion at all which made it very hard to play comfortably
It amazes me that instead of defending your political take you try to roast me with the hardware in my computer I guess you don't actually know anything about politics and just listen to your daddy ranting in the car ride home, is that it?
Of course they don't. But it's also frustrating as a fan to hear yet another "yeah idk, we just weren't feeling it" rather than anything objective.
Voting for someone because they're contrarian is stupid. Clearly you aren't educated enough to know what others are *actually* platforming, so you're actually doing the country a disservice by voting to begin with If you don't know why a candidate is better, don't vote.
*yikes* imagine thinking universal health care which is in nearly every other first world country across the globe is "communist". Guess every European country is full of commies huh
It IMO doesn't run as well as it should, but it's good enough I guess. Provided your CPU isn't trash you'll be fine
I would hate having a smartphone with a gamer aesthetic, as much as I love the specs
Carson is literally with the girl he chose on his show. But all you insecure fucking losers hate the idea that a show done for entertainment can bring out any value because you never got a chance to partake in something like it.
Yikes this is an incel level take
I mean yeah? Bigger playerbase is always a good thing, especially since Hunt is a more niche game
Good thing you can't. First time going into LSF and I'm not surprised so many people hate this community with comments like these getting upvoted.
Just open your friends list, click on the player and then the co-op button. It sends an invite for the other player to accept or decline Story progress syncs for both players (if you're on the same quest in normal SP play, both players progress) The top 3 Temtem in each players lineup add to the 6 shared between both of you, each player controls one Temtem in battle. When it's working it's a very seamless experience.
I have a strong feeling you have 0 clue what you're talking about. Universal healthcare means a singlepayer system via government taxes. Which many EU countries have
I played MK11 at launch and it ran flawlessly on my rig maxed out. The 30fps cutscenes were annoying but not a deal breaker imo
Gonna have to disagree there. At launch my 970 was struggling to stay above 60fps. High refresh rate play was tough in that game
For sure
This is the most alpha shit I've ever seen ~~also low key transition goals~~
What does this reply mean
Is there a roadmap? Also how much of the game is currently completed?
How does this fit into the sub?
God this is such an overused meme in the community Every single time this sub comes on my front page it's this format circlejerking about how they played Titanfall before Apex came out. Big whoop
This is not what they said at all. He said they had ideas for it, thought it was cool but it was ultimately low priority since they *hadn't begun working on the game itself yet*. Why would they brainstorm ways to use RT when the game isn't being worked on??
Controls sure, but everything else is very poorly aged. Luckily we have Black Mesa which solves this and Half Life 2 and newer aged excellently
Funny you say that. In caves and at night Minecraft's atmosphere changes pretty drastically. There's lots of honestly scary ambient noises in the game
Haven't watched the video, but I think it's pretty easily to classify a remake as something built from the ground up, rather than using original source code as a base like remasters
It's a replacement for everyone that isn't a hardcore purist and wants a more modernized take. Not to mention they're planning on overhauling the human enemy AI anyways
That's literally the point of a remake though. Remakes are, at their core, reimaginings of a classic through the modern lens. If they didn't want to touch the core game at all and rather make pretty graphics, it's closer to a remaster
But I don't think these are mutually exclusive things. You can remake a game from the ground up while trying to make it play like for like with the original. I think the phrase remaster plus is apt for explaining the different to the average buyer, basically saying "hey, this game plays exactly how you remember it, we wanted to recreate the classic experience but with great graphics"
Well yeah, that's why I was clear that I didn't watch the video
The games absolutely do not play "quite" differently. Are we playing the same two games? It's perfectly reasonable to have the opinion that Half Life is a better game than Black Mesa, but then you're going into this argument that makes no sense &gt;It's a great representation of Half Life but it's not Half Life What does this even mean? Black Mesa is a remake, not a graphics mod. The goal is to hit all the same beats of Half Life (which it does) and make improvements where they felt necessary (like Xen which is leagues better than the original). There's occasional pacing issues like surface tension being too long, but overall it does what it set out to do: be a modern recreation of Half Life &gt;The very people who made BM wouldn't even call it a replacement 1) Do you have a source for this or are you putting words in their mouth because it's your opinion 2) How can it not be a replacement when it has the exact same story of Half Life 1 and excluding Xen 95% of the game is so similar to the original to where only Half Life diehards could point out the differences &gt; It's made for HL fans but not the people who wanted to get into HL but we're put off by Quake era graphics Once again, this makes absolutely no sense given the arguments I already typed out Black Mesa doesn't have to be a carbon copy of Half Life 1 to work as a replacement.
I'm simultaneously surprised and annoyed at how defensive people are getting over a game that's over 2 decades old not holding up well today. An old game can have good gameplay but still feel dated. I don't get how this is a hard thing to understand
Maybe we disagree on this, but I believe the words "remake" and "reimagining" are not mutually exclusive Something being a remake doesn't have anything to do with it being faithful to the original or not. For example, I'd call both the Spyro Trilogy (2019) and RE2 (2019) remakes, but they both aim for different things. Spyro is 1:1 with the original, RE2 plays drastically differently but the overall structure and narrative are the same as the classic.
He's not dying inside, he's acting for the video 🤦🏾‍♀️
As someone who's only played D&amp;D once casually what's the difference between the editions?
No shit, this is forum for people who're dedicated to gaming. But after so many thousands of posts all across this site that Reddit is a vocal minority of each bigger community, I thought people would understand that speaking generally doesn't mean there aren't people who don't fall under that category
Because I figured common sense would work for my case rather than write an essay on my opinion. But at this point replying to me is basically free karma so I give up. I tried going more in depth in my other replies, but it's not changing anything
Many incel-y takes are based somewhat in fact, but they're spun to make it seem like some massive awful divide between men and women and that they're manipulative or some shit while men always have to play it safe or be accused of being a creep or something
I agree people are too pessimistic, but Bethesda not being the developer doesn't change anything. They're the publisher, and ultimately have the final say on what's in the product
You'd think these things would be common sense. Nazi symbolism is a great example. Everyone here knows Nazis are evil, that's why I have no issues gunning them down relentlessly in Wolfenstein. They're this big bad evil that needs to be taken down by the hero. Removing the symbols brings two problems: 1) the enemies not having an identity makes them infinitely less interesting 2) more importantly, it removes the imagery that these guys are the scum of the earth It honestly could be enabling to actual Neonazis. When companies are too scared to paint the tilted Swastika as evil, they get more ammo to push themselves as legitimate
Idk, there's far too many people who genuinely think he's not a bad guy. That said this is not the way to do it. Not informative, just an attack
I upgraded to 1440 27" very recently from 1080p 24" There is a noticeable improvement of clarity but honestly not as much as I'd hoped Pixel density is key. If pure image sharpness is your goal, look for a 24" 1440p display, it'll be worlds better due to higher pixel density I don't regret buying my monitor, I love it. But it could be better if the display was just a tad smaller EDIT: specs are in my flair, and as for the last question, no. The only thing increased resolution scaling does is act as a form of high quality anti aliasing. You won't get jaggies the higher you go, but the number of physical pixels is unchanged, so there's a hard limit on how much detail any given part of your screen can display I wrote my comment kinda quick, so to give a better summary on my thoughts: YES, 1440p is worth it. Not only does it make games noticeably cleaner in image quality, but it also makes a huge difference when just navigating windows. Higher resolution with normal windows scaling effectively means you have more screen real estate, as many aspects scale directly with resolution But it's not some godly creation. Games are more taxing, but luckily most 1440p monitors at least have FreeSync so the gameplay experience should still be pretty solid even with a 144hz display (as in 90fps with FreeSync is a lot noticeably better feeling than 90fps without) Also it could be better. The idea that 4K doesn't matter when we have 1440p is a joke. I'm playing the Witcher 3 for the first time at 1440p and while it looks awesome there's still some shimmering and you can't get the full benefits of high end texture packs without being really close to that surface, unlike 4K where the sheer density of pixels lets you appreciate the textures and objects at full detail from further away
Thank you, this drives me crazy. 1440p is "2.5k"
Not false. You can't just change the purpose for the "xK" terminology. 3840p is called 4k because it's roughly 4000 pixels on the horizontal axis. 1440p is actually 2.5k because it's roughly 2500 pixels on the horizontal axis 1080p is 2k because it's roughly 2000 pixels on the horizontal axis 1080p is *far* closer to *actual* 2K than 1440p is. Use some logic man
They give you choice where it matters. There's such thing as bloat when it comes to options
I'd argue there's less "nuance" in your take because you believe that everything is down to developer choice when it's not. You said it yourself, we don't know what deal Bethesda and ID have. For all we know it could be a matter of Bethesda knowing that everyone and their mother loves the new DOOM so they leave it be for good PR. At the same time, they could give devs full agency and if they choose to implement microtransactions they'll get a cut directly. We don't know. So reducing it to "Bethesda I'd the publisher and therefore has no control" isn't really ideal vs "Bethesda technically has say given the nature of publishers"
I did this, but I'm not gonna copy-paste my replies clarifying to every person who replies to my original comments. I've already addressed that the idea of something being "functional" doesn't mean it holds up to modern standards. the sound design is leagues behind what we have today, which is ultimately down to technology limitations of the time That's an objective fact. Just because the game makes sound that is good enough to know what you're hearing doesn't mean the quality and design isn't poor by current standards. Half Life 2's voice acting and sound design are leaps and bounds better than HL1, and are good enough to compare to games today, even if more specific things like gun sounds could be better, it's a far cry from HL1 This is gonna be my last reply to this thread because people keep replying the same shit that I've already answered to elsewhere and it's getting annoying as hell
Totally agree, surprised you got downvoted. Most displays are 60hz (though this is changing pretty quickly these days), 24fps doesn't divide into a 60 refresh rate evenly, leading to judder that's most noticeable in panning shots.
I understand the arguments against HFR cinema even if I disagree, but it's objectively better to have movies filmed at 30fps rather than 24 if for nothing else than having even frame pacing on the majority of displays
For the higher pixel density. A 27" 1440p display has 108 pixels per inch. A 24" 1440p display would have 122 pixels per inch I upgraded from a 24", 91 ppi 1080p display. So had I stayed with 24" monitor I would've gotten a ~35% increase in sharpness over the ~20% I ended up with. There's a reason a 1440p screen on a smartphone looks flawless while 1440p monitors of 27" and up still aren't perfect, it's all about pixel density which changes due to screen size Basically, I care more about image sharpness than having a big display. Ideally I could have both, I think 4K at 27" will be an awesome experience once it becomes possible to drive them at 144hz relatively easily, so I'll have to wait a bit
I already had a 144hz display, so I can't imagine how awesome it'd be to get an upgrade in every aspect lol. I ended up with a VA panel which I quite like. It's a *lot* better with colors and black levels then my old 1080p TN right next to it. 27" is the sweetspot for display size on a normal desk imo, just I don't get as big of a boost in pixels per inch as I would've with a 24" 1440p display. Luckily the next upgrade will be a 4K display down the line so PPI won't be a concern at all
Honestly monitor technology is one of the things I'm most excited for. Eventually HDR will be mainstream, 4K will be the norm, and high refresh rates will be more common than ever And it will be beautiful
That's exactly my point. The early 2000s had a massive boost in the production value found in games which only continued to grow into the juggernaut industry it is today where some games cost dozens of millions of dollars to produce. Like I said, compared to its peers HL1 aged the best by a big degree, but my original point was that people who are young or new to gaming will struggle to keep their attention with the original game, especially since there's so little to stimulate and keep players invested (if we're being honest people's attention spans have plummeted as smartphones and social media grew). HL2 and Halo 2 don't really have issues with this. Barring some technical limitations of the time, they both play and look like games of today in terms of art direction, gameplay, sound design and raw sound quality, etc
So you're the reason skill based matchmaking exists &gt;:(
YEAH GET HIS ASS GODDAMN
This sub isn't for transphobia. If that's what you think it is, then fuck right off
Dude, not even the most devout Republicans genuinely believe he didnt do anything wrong. Everywhere you go people just make excuses. Biggest thing right now is Ukraine being blackmailed into announcing an investigation into the Bidens. Everywhere you look, even republican congressmen all say "Trump is investigating corruption!!" Which means of course, that he *did* blackmail Ukraine which is against the law since he doesn't have the power in government to withhold funds from allies, to my knowledge that's congress's job.
i5 is fine for 60hz on siege, but for high refresh rate players it's an insanely hard bottleneck. I had this issue before going to my Ryzen. My 6500 topped out around 100 ish fps, the Ryzen stays consistently above 144 no issues
This is correct. Iirc roughly 40% of the game is available in early access
If the false advertisement is the downgrades, that's not going to pass. We have precedent with No Man's Sky. Investigators don't care about interviews or press shows, only what's on the box/website/store page
Just because people use it too often doesn't make correct usage invalid. People who cry about shit like that on the internet tend to be pathetic creepy virgins
I don't hate men. I hate men who're so insecure that they shit on random women they don't know
I would argue the opposite. So far there's a ton of polish in even unfinished aspects. In a year it'll be in a great place
So basically basically you're biased because you don't have the option even if you wanted to? Despite owning a Switch and BOTW I played through it on Cemu because at the time I could play at much higher Fidelity and double the framerate
Moral justification through law is a shit idea. In practice, piracy of older games has literally no negatives whatsoever. The console manufacturer doesn't make any money, the game publisher doesn't make money. If the people responsible for the product don't get any money regardless, why the fuck does it matter if I have a superior copy digitally vs some scratched up overpriced crap
For those curious, OP has a modded Switch and has Android installed on a seperate partition. From Android you can use PC streaming apps like Moonlight and Steam Link to play on the go
Emulation is legal. Piracy is not. And like I said I don't use law to justify my moral views. Even if emulation was illegal I'd still do it. I'm not turning down a better experience, I won't lose any sleep at night &gt;I'm willing to accept that it's wrong This is called an opinion. I would agree piracy is "wrong" if it's a product that can still be made money from. And I wasn't "justifying" or "sugarcoating" it. I stated facts that back up my own views on piracy. Like I said, these things are opinions. If you want to clutch your pearls feel free. If it doesn't affect anyone then I couldn't give less of a shit about pirating an old game
So as someone who doesn't play this game that often, who's "loba" and what's her significance? Also is the Forge out of the cards as a legend now?
Its a step. Climate change is arguably the biggest issue the world has today. Every single step forward is massively important. Especially a change like this where it doesn't negatively impact any large amount of people. Your attitude towards it is why we don't see more major changes across the world
It's cardboard, not paper. They've shown examples and it's fairly high quality
But the result is ultimately still static. It would've been truly satisfying if animated. Like the trees drifting with the wind and the clouds moving Not knocking OP's work, but the end product isn't really satisfying at all
3D digital art will never be as impressive as 2D digital/traditional art. To make 3D art truly interesting rather than just another still CGI, you need to animate it imo
The point of dark sight boost is to encourage PvP rather than camping. When DSV wasn't in the game, everyone camped the bossroom waiting to be attacked first. Giving a bonus for not using it only encourages the same behavior that plagued the game way back in the day
Wish they did more with his spiky hair tho
It's a joke??? This has been a running meme for years
Pretty sure it's for developing countries that have greater access to cellular data than basic phone service
Trans flag is an awesome add EDIT: shit I forgot ignorant pieces of shit still exist in nearly every online space, I'll try to be less accepting of people to fit in more from now on
Hunt's been out for two years and we've gotten 1 map, 1 boss, and 2 new hostile mobs When you put it into perspective this game's development has been pretty pitiful, as much as I love it
Because no one should advertise their kid to other people. Borderline creepy
Excuse me, brainlet coming through. What app is this? And any tips if I were to get started with investing? Starting small of course
Huh? How much did you play? I run samurai and the combat is fantastic, relying on using certain abilities to boost meters and guages that change the effect of some attacks entirely based on them It's super engaging
Isn't Dishonored 2 extremely fast paced?
Not me, but a friend. He quit NieR Automata after &gt;!A2 cut her hair after assuming the role of 2B in route C!&lt; I don't think anything could compare to how stupid this fucking reason was and after he made it so far I nearly lost my mind I was able to force him to keep going after we used an inventory editor to &gt;!spawn in her hair length cosmetic item you normally get after beating the whole game!&lt;
Yeah, seems kind of insane to have a currency used exclusively in one city
For blurriness, you need to turn off TAA and have variable resolution set to "high" For the low contrast part, Nvidia game filters (alt-f3) or reshade would do the trick
Doom Eternal had fucking awful tutorials. Luckily I learned about this in a review and disabled them immediately. And hot damn was the game better for it (though the new combat loop takes time to self teach)
No as in they aren't being given official servers atm You could try playing on the north African servers, but I'm not sure what ping you'll get
Huh? I have a 27" monitor and the shortcomings of 1440p are pretty apparent. I have no doubt 4K would be a massive improvement at the same display size
And I still hate Jett's voice. Her Korean sounds so... white Other than that the cinematic looks awesome, just wish there was more to it. Outside of visuals this was pretty weak
Probably because they aren't based there?? Sony's presence in the US is fucking massive, but outside of small region focused teams they're not involved in any other countries facing issues, why can't people understand this?
Thank you for sharing this. It was fascinating as fuck, there's always new cool shit to find out about Drakengard/NieR's lore
Funny you say that when the shooting and movement is very heavily inspired by 1.6 specifically
Right? I was like "ok, I'll drop 50 because reaver looks cool and I'll get bonus in the beta to get the battlepass + one bundle Not salty at all :)
Not necessarily. Only that the countries people and companies reside in mean much more to them than other parts of the world
What a low effort reply. You're a waste of time
In CS, skins have real, monetary value based on supply and demand. In CS, $70 worth of skins can be sold later. Not the case here.
Accessibility? Yes. Value? No. If you get lucky and get your hands on a knife, you can literally profit off of it. Or let's say you're insane, buy that knife, and later stop playing CS. You can sell the knife and get most of that money back, making the end cost only the steam price cut + a small value drop
Difficulty mods will definitely be interesting I think for a first time playthrough the relatively slow combat fits damn well to make an experience that isn't too taxing to play while also being a decent challenge on hard But once you're proficient and playing workshop content it definitely starts to show it's issues
Where did you see that beta skins were 30% off? I've never heard anyone say that before
Do you mean the bundle discount? That only shows how much the guns cost individually, nothing about the bundle itself being cheaper than it would be normally
That's literally the point. Protestors take a knee to show Floyd's death to the institution that let it happen The cops genuinely joining them with taking a knee are basically saying "this is the symbol of our failure to protect the people, we need change"
Huh? Are we using the same internet??? Literally anything and everything pisses people off. Everyone wants to start shit over a new headline, if you enjoy something everyone points out the negatives as a way to shut you out of the conversation
Puerto Rican living in Florida here! Hope you get this fixed, I'm guessing NA would give the best experience. I know it isn't ideal, but for the friends not in NA servers (who don't play league), they should make a new account using a VPN set to the states. Should guarantee the right region.
There's no way recoil isn't server side, the game has an RNG recoil mechanic after a certain amount of bullets fired. If these don't line up with the client then the competitive integrity is fucked
Or be able to set gamma per game. Seems easier to implement and gets the same desired effect
Halo is full of them and I love it "I need a weapon" "For a brick, he flew pretty good!" "And yet the humans were able to evade your ships, land on the sacred ring, and desecrate it with their filthy footsteps!" "If they came to hear me beg, they will be disappointed" "Don't make a girl a promise... if you know you can't keep it" "Sir, finishing this fight" And that's all just from Halo 2!
Except CSGO patterns are a lot more consistent than Valorant's. So if that's true while the system isn't ideal the recoil mechanic itself mitigates how much of an issue it would be in practice
I'm not saying they should go unpunished, but banning is insane. Remember in the beta early on you could give cypher's camera a gun? Literally everyone was doing it and it became incredibly high priority because of that (so the bug gets fixed sooner than it would've if rarely used) Imagine if they banned everyone who used it. That would be a terrible outcome given most of these people were invested and pretty passionate in the game and just wanted to dick around with an OP bug. If it happens in ranked, just invalidate the rank gained from a win if they use an exploit, otherwise don't fuck with anyone and fix the bug
Which allows for more direct action without chance of innocent people being harmed in the process
There's a reason it's called *systemic* racism. It's easy to focus on poverty and poorly distributed resources once you actually feel safe with the people meant to protect your community. It's basically an obstacle course that doubles as a maze. If you knew getting out would give you the same standard of financial comfort and safety as the most well off races in the US, naturally you'd want to tear down walls and unfair obstacles to allow everyone following behind you an easier path to the happiness and contentment we all seek Get proper criminal justice reform, and you've significantly eased the burden to change the rest of the system to work the way it should
Do you think that justifies it? If that's the case then why the fuck are we letting spouses and children suffer rather than invest in proper mental health treatment after a traumatic incident? And even then, do you seriously believe the majority of cops work in trauma inducing cases?
Not if you fucking think about it. If you're rioting, you're damaging and vandalizing public property (cop cars, burning police precincts) If decent officers aren't hit in the crossfire, that's objectively better
Only on r/dankmemes, the last bastion of high level thought and reasoning does this get downvoted that hard
They should have decades ago. Problem is, this issue starts at the top. That's why people protest, the system is rotten and needs to be a place where only the best of society are there to protect and serve as intended
Majority of Americans are onboard? Tell that to the #alllivesmatter crowd. Bipartisan? Tell that to the politicians placing loopholes that prevent police accountability. Already great country? Our country is the laughingstock of the world. You say the riots turn people off, but look where we are. The entire world is watching the US and protests are occuring in 1st world countries all over joining the fight against police brutality. Riots are the voice of those unheard
Damn if that's the case then inject that communism shit straight into my veins Huge improvement on the shit the US got
Just a heads up, the second playthrough is a hell of a lot shorter than the first, and features a decent amount of new shit that keeps it from getting *too* boring, but it does take a little bit for the new to really kick in. I think it's worth taking an afternoon with no plans to knock it out
Barr is a piece of shit but this is incredibly misleading. In the 90s crime was at the highest it's ever been in american history, and across multiple national polls crime was the biggest concern of americans
ToS isn't legally binding. If a condition doesn't follow your country's laws, then it's void
Honestly there isn't much reason to. The game was designed to run on a huge array of hardware, while DX12 and Vulkan support is limited to "higher end" hardware that would see little if any performance improvement
I never said the crime bill was good across the board, but at the time something like it was absolutely necessary
But it's obviously the only game you've been playing I'd assume. I've played a good amount since launch and I just started level 3 on my first agent contract
Right but my point is why bother putting in the dev time for lower level APIs knowing that the only PCs that can make use of it don't need the performance boosts it would bring in the first place? DX12 and Vulkan take a lot of work do implement at their fullest potential
Never said the crime bill was good legislation, only that given the context of the time period, a large scale bill *was* needed. Burr's statements reflect that of basically all politicians at the time
Neither Doom 2016 nor Eternal have DX11 to see the actual performance difference. 2016 had openGL which is far less efficient than DX11 so it isn't comparable. And yes, competitive games aim for great performance, but they also aim for a wide range of hardware support. My whole point is why put in the incredible amount of work needed (which it is, as many devs have noted in the past) when they have an API that's not only performant enough but also supports basically any pc a player could be using today
In terms of bungie's games the worst you could say is she was a damsel in distress in Halo 3, but they never sexualized her In 4 her design looked more human than ever, to a point where it felt uncomfortable to play around my parents as a kid tbh. These days I don't care much
Sorry OP, I know I'm super late to the party here, but I'm super glad you made this thread. I own a 1700 + an RTX 2080 (previously 1070Ti a few days ago) and I'm getting a 3700x today. This puts a lot of my concerns to rest regarding specifically HLA's mediocre performance on my PC. I had a nagging suspicion it was my CPU, but I was never 100% sure since it's not like I can use MSI Afterburner within the headset. Hope I can keep a rock solid 90fps on my Samsung Odyssey!
&gt;I would wager that was a graphics limitation I disagree, don't forget that Halo 4 was also on the 360. And even if it was, I don't think it matters much given that aspect of Cortana was never never shoved in your face (except the falling cutscene. That looks really out of place seeing it now). &gt;I wonder what the lore reason is for it Someone else in the thread mentioned there was one, but let's be honest, it isn't very relevant. They designed Cortana and didn't want to do the same style for other AI characters, so the lore would be a thrown in reason to limit the awkwardness of the design change moving forward
You responded right as I finally got my PC up and running again! It's pretty late here in EST but I hope to get some VR time in before I sleep for work in the morning. Psyched to see the difference
Is it possible to invite the 2nd player? My gf's always wanted to play this and seems like this would be an awesome experience together Might even turn off discord to get the full experience
Wait, then what does that make ninja gaiden
I believe at some point they were planning on cross progression. Where you could play on PC then go back to switch if you're out on a trip or something and keep all your progress
It's been over a decade since MW2, saying ghosts is wack isn't endorsing MW2
Yeah, I'd wait a month or two till the rework. Cuts down on the sheer number + steps of remaining quests
Since launch I've had 0 issues with Vanguard. The whole idea of it being a backdoor for hackers is just reddit circlejerk shit. Is there some level of risk? Yeah, but not anything more than drivers that already exist on your pc
Is it really *that* hard to admit that systemic racism exists when we have so much evidence, both statistical and anecdotal, as well as large scale meta analysis? Why can't you just accept that and move on, there doesn't need to be any deeper political discussion on it
I hope you don't mind the zoomer level question, but what's it like looking back and seeing just how much games (and technology as a whole) progress so drastically within the span of your lifetime? I'm turning 20 soon, but even I'm amazed at how much things have changed since I was a tiny kid watching my older brother play games with his friend
That does sound like a nightmare of a habit to be honest
My friend also saw my luxe knife was super small when spectating me I was playing breach... We may be on to something lads
Jesus man, what CPU/GPU do you have? That's a crazy bottleneck
I went from a Ryzen 7 1700 to 3700x the other day and it was already a great perf boost (always above 200fps now max settings) This is gonna be even better
No. The switch is downclocked by default. The max you can "overclock" is actually just the stock advertised speeds of the hardware
&gt;Since launch I've had 0 issues That's been fixed
That's my entire point. There shouldn't be any fucking discussion. This is a known issue, and we're in the middle of one of if not the biggest civil rights movement in the world. There shouldn't need to be a second thought. You come in the thread and say "cool, it's for a good cause" but if you don't care for the games then you leave the thread. How hard is that? We always post humble bundle shit which is also for a good cause since the money gets donated, but because it's about black people and not kids it's suddenly an issue because "politics" The double standard is insane
This is very true. I have no doubt by the time I'm in my 60s there will be plenty of new things that I couldn't even imagine as a teen. It's very possible that due to my interest in tech and gaming it won't seem that drastic as progress happens, given I'm experiencing it constantly and will likely stay up to date with the latest stuff
It's hard to know what the future will hold. Keep on mind the first batch of Ryzen CPUs were AMD playing catch up. Competitively priced products that far outclassed their last offering, but still not quite up to Intel It was the third gen (what we both have) that was the game changer. At this point they're basically caught up to Intel in terms of per core performance while destroying them in prices and core counts Rumor has it the 4000 series is another large jump with AMD finally exceeding Intel's per core performance after so much complacency from them Only time will tell. We don't know if the jump from 1700 to 3700x will be the same from 3700x 5o 5700x, but for now it's safe to say AMD's got a good thing going.
If you're getting +50 on a 2600x then I'm hyped to see my gains on the 3700x. As for ram OCing, could you tell me where to start? Out of the box XMP profile supports 3000mhz on my mobo, but pre-3700x I remember it being 3200. I'd like to mess around and see what I can get since I know ryzen benefits massively on fast ram
You've got to be joking. Even before the 1.0 patch Valorant was running far better than Sea of Thieves and Rust on my PC. I would get around 100-130fps on a ryzen 7 1700 and 1070Ti. By 1.0 I was reliably getting over 140 on the same hardware. This is compared to 40-50fps in rust, around 80 or so fps in SoT It's not well optimized, but it absolutely should not run worse than those two games. I haven't tried 1.01 yet, but over the weekend I got a 3700x and got minimum +100fps in all scenarios, and I expect even higher now that proper multithreading is being put into place. Also, just because something isn't optimized doesn't mean the CPU isn't a bottleneck. If he has a 1080 and an i3 6100, even if he should be getting higher fps he's gonna be hard bottlenecked
Either you're giving me a load of shit or there's a bigger issue with your pc https://youtu.be/WkJGCAKaHhI This was at the start of beta, before *any* performance improvements went up
For sure. A few months to a year and a half after next gen launches SSDs will go down in cost massively
&gt;3700X Bro I just bought mine on Saturday :( EDIT 1 sec after comment: holy shit my flair needs an update. On a 3700X and 2080 now
Already am! I'm on 1440p so my 1070Ti was really struggling, and the 3700x does wonders for VR. Red Dead 2 and Half Life Alyx run beautifully for me now, even when streaming to friends in discord which before had a big hit on performance
I'll give it a shot, thanks
For the lazy: Trans Exclusionary Radical Feminist Basically women who think only cis women are worth fighting for
Bro, there's only so many bugs that can come from fucking *walking*
&gt;I COULD CARE LESS It's couldn't. Otherwise you care about it
My guy, my point is unless the game is coded like a bunch of spaghetti noodles duck taped together, the movement should be very clearly defined code separate from everything else
When you install the game
I want to play Judge Eyes at a decent resolution. I nearly bought it on console until I saw it didn't have real PS4 Pro support for some fucking reason (it was 1080p on it)
Deja vu
I imagine it *is* hard. But years worth of work hard? No. Entire games are made within the supposed 5 years it took from promise to delivery of the replay system
I remember hearing that too. Man, imagine how stressful that line of thought is, even if true
I'm sure you didn't mean it that way, but "dumb girl brain" is probably a bad phrase to use when there's more than a few toxic gamers that would say that unironically
Honestly it's a great choice. I remember when I main'ed ana way back when I played that game religiously. Being able to hyper focus on a single task (keeping people alive) was very refreshing coming from non stop callouts and coordination from my dps days
Oh man, Hunt Showdown. I think I've gifted that game like 7 times now. I was a sucker for that game while it was in early access. Unfortunately I'm not a big fan of the direction the game has gone since 1.0, so I've dropped off pretty heavily
Sounds cool. Could you say if the co-op/gameplay structure is similar to that of A Way Out?
I mean, usually behavior should be altered somewhat depending on community imo. My gf makes jokes like this every now and then, like once she died in a game and said "this is why women shouldn't play games" It's funny because I know it's satire, we both know how widespread toxicity is specifically against women in online games, but I probably wouldn't be a fan if she said that publically because it can be harmful if heard by the wrong people. I guess the TLDR comes down to knowing your audience. You don't want to accidentally enable shitty behavior even it the intent is harmless. Ultimately you can say whatever, this is just my own view
You sure? I remember thinking this but in practice you keep the exact same armor and HP values unless your ult doesn't die, which brings you back with 100hp + your existing armor value iirc
Yeah it really doesn't make any sense. It was removed from Reach, why is it in 3? If an option is gonna be forced, force it off for consistency
y i k e s
Or get sailing and if it's a product worth supporting, buy once it's on steam
You say that yet those "demanding" representation are an extreme minority of a minority. Most feminists (including you I'd hope, since you didn't specify radical feminists) just praise well done representation. I'll never once complain about women or trans people in games if they're well written. In fact I think a "Life is Strange" type game with a trans protagonist could be phenomenal if handled properly. Might open up the eyes of some people like yourself
You realize that the only difference is a roughly 200-300mhz clockspeed increase right? The stock Wraith cooler will work perfectly fine with it. My 3700x on stock cooler with PBO enabled never hits 70° nor max fan speed
Given the prices I've seen, just get a 3700X. Comes with a great cooler in the box and will be at least $100 cheaper for an incredibly minor performance difference. Remember that this is a refresh of Zen 2
Ryzen OCing gives less performance increase than just getting high speed low latency ram from every benchmark I've seen
This thread is so fucking harmful and pathetic. I see nothing but conservative talking points with no support for anyone who has a deeper counterargument than "yeah racism still exists to an extent but I agree OP!" I don't think I've ever seen a post so ignorant as this on my front page. Good job reddit, you did it. You let racist dog whistles, anecdotal evidence, and strawmans downplay the existence of deep systemic racism in the United States when we were the closest we've ever been to sweeping change due to protesting all around the country and the world
Cool to see Madden on Steam. Even if I don't end up buying it's nice seeing the store get flooded with AAA games after so long of publishers making their own launchers
Awesome stuff. 6% faster on average on Linux compared to Vulkan on Windows, even bigger difference VS DX12 Windows
Yikes the entitlement. 10% is too low but this is entirely unrealistic
You're comparing a 12 year old game to a 2 year old one
You're getting downvoted when you're absolutely right. Constantly writing to the SSD is harmful long term. Unless the fix makes this 10x better than its a good option to have
But Keighley is the one providing us with that info in the first place?
But also runs at an insanely low resolution which would be a huge disadvantage in an fps with tons of wide open spaces
Don't kid yourself. It rents you an incredibly limited VM specifically to play games and even has them predownloaded on their servers. While I think it was stupid for devs to pull out of GFN, it's definitely a different situation than shadow
That last point has nothing to do with the display, but rather they use vSync with consistent framepacing and some motion blur which works quite well
Awesome. Reach is my least favorite in the series so it having the only unlocks is pretty disappointing for me. Provided they never get too over the top I'd love to leave these on
Right. Initially I adored Boneworks, but once I played Half Life Alyx and went back with the 1.4 patch to go for another run, the game genuinely feels like a gimmick I don't deny it does more than Alyx, but Alyx is the significantly better game because it uses the possibilities of VR strategically, picking the right battles to maintain a great balance between comfort, polish, and interactivity. I'm glad Boneworks exists and I enjoyed my time with it, but it's more of a novel experience rather than a focused one
We don't know how accurate the numbers are but even if they're true I say that's good. It means there's no excuse to go back to paid DLC. MW is filled to the brim with maps and modes, that's for damn sure
A modern 8 core? Probably. But Yuzu is better optimized
I think he means that the same amount of XP would lead to less unlocks in an even XP system
I do prefer the consistency of an even system, but exponential benefits those playing the game less. I wouldn't want to deny people of the skins they wanted from the BP because I wanted more consistency personally
Can I get a source on people *just* jumping to 1080p? In any retail chain in the US you see nothing but 4K TVs, many going as low as $250! I haven't seen a 1080p television in store for a good while now, and 31% is very high, I'd like to see where you got that number. If anything I expect gamers to be the most likely to own 4K TVs given the PS4 Pro and/XBOX and the generation coming up. I fully expect over 50% of console owners to own 4K displays in less than a year following PS5 and Series X release
Fucking awesome. Time to download when I get home. Maybe this is too much to ask, but is there skill based matchmaking? Last time I tried Melee netplay I got stomped in a solid 80% of my matches. I love a challenge in smash, but getting thrown around like a ragdoll is really discouraging
Are we just gonna ignore facts now?
Really? I thought it was mediocre. No sharpening option meant I either had a screen covered in vaseline or a jagged mess of pixels even at 1440p. And generally everything felt very floaty. Running on walls, attacking, dashing, all didn't give good enough feedback to feel responsive and consistent
1) do you have anything to back this up? In the beta I was consistently *gaining* rank on losses where I performed better than the top player on the other team 2) that's been fixed; it doesn't disable anything really, just prevents launching of the game and they fixed basically every known compatibility issue. If you still want to stay away that's cool, but there's no longer existing issues surrounding it's functionality
No idea, I'm really hoping on a surprise Horizon Zero Dawn release so I don't have to go on my PS4 to play. Other than that any big production singleplayer games that go on deep sale are gonna catch my eye. I've been looking into a new game to dive into
But that's just lip service, not how the system worked in practice for any good player's match history I went off of. And the decay based on number of matches is unknown. I played dozens of ranked matches during the beta and I still had games by the end where I would rank up once or *even TWICE* if I popped the fuck off right after a rank up The system in practice just didn't line up with their description. Not to mention the system has been changed for launch (today) so we don't know if it's gotten closer to that description or further away
Then you alienate everyone else who bought it
Oh come on. It's a lite client that uses less resources and auto closes once the game isnt running. Yes *ideally* the login would be in-game, but there's a lot of work required for that including friends list integration needing to be reworked entirely to be 100% within the game It's not laziness, it's efficiency. The lite client isn't a big deal, just not the best possible scenario which would be a bit much to ask for considering the relative lack of success with this game and that they'd need to apply this to every multiplayer EA game so far. And Apex, the biggest EA shooter currently is getting what you described, but we're waiting until next Fall to get it, implying there's much work required for it
Except that wouldn't work at all without massively altering the game's matchmaking and user infrastructure. There's so much work involved there that it isn't even really an option
Thank you for mentioning this. I had a passing interest but any blurring in games completely fucks with my ability to focus on the visuals
Blizzard and bad PR, name a more iconic duo
Runs DX11 normally and runs better that way. Vulkan had performance and visual issues, though I'm unsure if this driver will fix them
So is the GPU scheduling mean improved performance across the board? Or only DX12/Vulkan? So far I've only seen a comparison for RDR2 Vulkan in the comments
Nope. It released only with DX11 but the Linux version introduced Vulkan for everyone. Unfortunately it seems like the implementation was very poor
How do you disable Ansel on its own?
I mean, if it works then stick with it. But yes it is just a tiny bit insane lmao For reference I use 800dpi and 3.5 sens in MW. The rule of thumb generally is you want to have your mouse sensitivity as slow as possible while still being able to reliably 180 on a dime. Usually this means wrist for micro adjustments then whole arm for wider turns.
Enjoyed playing the demo w/ the gf. There's something special here but it was very much lacking in polish
Fuck yeah. I tried Wolfenstein Youngblood and while it's not as magic as some make it out to be, it is noticeably better than TAA which is good enough for me
Pretty sure all RTX support is through either DirectX or Vulkan raytracing. Once AMD adds hardware support every "RTX" game will work out of the box outside of DLSS
FXAA looks less blurry than TAA in every single game I've tried both. It's just less effective at getting rid of aliasing
You forgot one thing on that list; 20fps
Yeah, it's not "avoiding taxes" if you don't keep the money anyways
You underestimate how shitty the working conditions for animators usually are. Their workflow is gonna take a massive hit to efficiency to avoid infection and companies (at least in the US) have been doing more than governments to limit the spread.
You're bullshitting. I own a 1440p monitor for my PC and it looks noticeably less sharp at my chair than my 4K TV at my couch. I ran RDR2 on both and while the 4K performance was shit it looked a *hell* of a lot better.
I agree it's moronic, but I'm gonna nitpick and say the 2070 is definitely not $600. Just a few weeks ago I got a 2080 for $550.
4K? Wasn't the 4K footage at 30fps? I know the original private journalist gameplay was 1080p30
I know they're different but I don't know how big the performance gap is while the 2080 to 2080 super is a very small perf improvement. And I got a refurbished MSI card on ebay. It was the last one and I couldn't give up that deal
How the fuck did you get downvoted for this The statue sucks. I get the intent, but the intent doesn't matter when the trash of society can use it to push their racism. I would love to see it remade for the black man to be fully standing, as a better symbol for the future
&gt;desecrating their memory &gt;and say this statue is racist Well look who missed the point by a fucking mile and then proceeded to talk shit. The statue isn't racist in and of itself, but it can be used to push racist rhetoric. Times have changed. Back then this was a sign of hope, now it is not. &gt;Stick with your videogames What year are we in?
It's funny you say that because it proves my point. It's symbolic and hopeful to the old, but harmful and insulting to the new. We were raised in an age where everyone told us we lived in an unprecedented age of equality, yet the catalyst of Floyd's murder was a reality check on the US and the world at large. People are fighting for change. This is literally the second civil rights movement, and has been the most widescale civil rights movement in human history. We want statues built for the future, to bring hope to the young. Not for kids to look up at a statue of a black man on his knees in front of the white savior. We have context, they don't. We aren't "cancelling" shit, we want something better for future generations
I'm not white, I do give a shit about history, but I know racists don't and neither do the uninformed like some of the kids here may be. But the problem is you're so fucking set on the past instead of caring about the future. You're genuinely more concerned about the slaves that wanted this built in the first place rather than future generations. What do you think they would want? If they saw everything going on today, if they knew the history that happened since their last day on Earth, do you really think they'd rather have a caricature of lower slaves or have a new statue made showing modern hope for equality? Showing a black man dressed in nice clothes, a briefcase and a tie shaking the hand of Lincoln for taking the first major step in bringing true equality to America would make for an infinitely more forward looking and hopeful piece that not only keeps the message but puts it in a much more positive light.
I didn't know it was possible for a human being to think replacing a statue with one that gives the same message but with a more inspiring representation of an oppressed group of people is "erasing" the past. How stupid can a person be
Sure wish the title said what it was
I'm pumped. I always loved this series, even 2 despite it's notable flaws
CSGO for sure. Maybe Valorant since there are fewer characters and their abilities are far less out there in terms of practical use
Yeah this is all I meant. I didn't have any negative emotion going into my comment lol
And it was fantastic. But the community died quick
Lighting looks great but everything else looks exactly the same. I was hoping for new models, textures, gameplay changes (the original's shooting feels bad by 2020 standards) and maybe some new animation work. If it isn't full priced I'll still get it if nothing else but for the lighting and improved performance over the original, but it really feels like they just ported the 2007 game to the latest engine build and called it a day
&gt;due to white american murdering black american Yikes. Just say you're racist or don't give a fuck about racism because it's not your problem
The only one that's objectively worse is the one with fewer trees on the mountain. The forest shot looks pretty incredible Either way it's a lackluster remaster EDIT: less to fewer
So exactly what I said lmao &gt;Don't give a fuck about racism because it doesn't affect you This isn't an America only issue. You're naive if you think otherwise
"blurry" when that's probably just a toggleable AA option and "colors are way off" when only 1 of those images looks oversaturated with just a more intense lighting pallette which is the standard in their current engine. Look at Hunt Showdown, same thing there
I agree
That's exactly my point. CryEngine has multiple AA options. You can have something blurry but temporally stable like the AA seen in the screenshots, or you can use SMAA which retains image clarity and is cheap but will leave a few jaggies here and there. As someone who's played many CryEngine games, including Hunt, I prefer SMAA 1x over all else
That's even worse. A game with 1 map that has very little voice acting and 2 total gamemodes taking up 121GB??
